People across the UK have been making the most of the four-day bank holiday weekend, packing out pubs and raising a glass for Her Majesty. Revellers got into the party mood marking the Queen’s 70-year reign and also making the most of the time off work. The jovial celebrations got into full swing in Leeds, where people were pictured spilling into bars, clubs and pubs. Rain did little to dampen the party spirit as people headed out for a night on the town across Newcastle and Manchester. Down south, the weather stayed on the good side as people flocked to parks and beer gardens to bask in the warm sunshine. Boozy brits took the opportunity to adorn themselves in union jack outfits as they set up picnics in sunny parks to make the most of the celebrations. Earlier on in the day, street parties were fully underway with tea, cake and bunting seen across villages, towns and cities up and down the country. One of the busiest parks was right by all the action in St James’ Park, London. Groups of people filled the area after the Trooping the Colour ceremony took place to watch the Red Arrows display which flew over Buckingham Palace. The impressive display could be seen across large areas of London and in the east of England. In Little Shelford, Cambridgeshire, 200 locals enjoyed a massive tea party on a 60-metre long table outside the village hall. Canal Street in Manchester was covered in Union jacks which were hung between trees and bars. The 96-year-old monarch waved from the balcony of Buckingham Palace earlier yesterday to watch the RAF flypast and the Red Arrows display as the public celebrated her 70-year-reign. Today at 11am the royals will arrive at St Paul’s Cathedral for thanksgiving service. However, the Queen will miss this due to experiencing ‘discomfort’ at yesterday’s jubilee celebrations. At 12.25pm, members of the royal family will attend a Guildhall reception hosted by the Lord Mayor. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.