The Loose Women panelists have paid tribute to Dame Deborah James following her death from cancer at the age of 40. The podcaster and activist died on Tuesday morning after a five-year battle with terminal bowel cancer. As she underwent gruelling surgery and other treatment, Dame Deborah also raised awareness of bowel cancer symptoms, as well as raising money for continued cancer research. Her activism led to countless saved lives, and last month she was awarded with a DBE by Prince William, who visited her at home where she was receiving end-of-life care. On Wednesday’s episode of the ITV chat show, Jane Adams, Katie Piper, Kéllé Bryan and Gloria Hunniford remembered Dame Deborah and how her legacy would ensure she would live on forever. In 2004, Gloria lost her own daughter, Caron, to breast cancer; she was just 41 at the time, and, like Dame Deborah, left behind two children. Gloria commented on how ‘so full of attitude, so full of life’ the podcaster had remained, being able to ‘dress up, go out, be around people’ until the end. Dame Deborah had held parties, headed to the Royal Ascot and continued raising millions for charity even as she received end-of-life care, with Gloria asking: ‘Where do you get the energy when you’re so close to death?’ ‘Caron was the same,’ she said ‘I’m wearing a ring on my finger which I never take off. And two and a half days before Caron died, she was in Germany, shopping and buying this particular ring which I was lucky enough to be given after she died. ‘We had known for seven years that [Caron] was dealing with cancer and we know that Deborah has been dealing with it for nearly six. ‘And where that spirit and attitude comes from is quite revealing, and you learn from it. ‘Caron became our teacher because of her attitude, And Deborah also, she had an incredible attitude. ‘Her family will be carried forward because of that. I feel for the family as well.’ Speaking to Dame Deborah’s family Gloria told the camera directly: ‘Much love to you all.’ Elsewhere on the segment, Katie paid tribute to Dame Deborah and how she ‘changed lives, she saved lives, and used the life she had to raise phenomenal amounts for charity.’ She added: ‘Through that legacy she will stay alive in our hearts and our minds.’ Loose Women airs weekdays from 12.30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : William and Kate pay tribute to ‘unfalteringly brave’ Dame Deborah James MORE : Emotional Lorraine Kelly in tears during heartfelt tribute to friend Dame Deborah James: ‘It still doesn’t seem quite real’ 