Prince Andrew has been spotted smiling while riding his horse, just hours after the sentencing of Ghislaine Maxwell. The 60-year-old was jailed for 20 years after her role as an accomplice to Jeffrey Epstein. Maxwell had helped source underage girls and vulnerable women for the disgraced financier. During a court hearing, victims described the socialite as a ‘monster’ and said she had ‘opened the door to hell’. Andrew, who had known Maxwell since the pair studied together at Oxford University, has been pictured today following her sentencing. He was seen driving in his Range Rover and riding a brown horse with a large grin on his face today. The disgraced royal had become embroiled with the Epstein scandal after he was accused of sexual abuse by Virgina Guiffre, who said she was sex trafficked to him by the financier. She had claimed she was forced to have sex with Andrew three times in 2001, with the first encounter allegedly taking place in Maxwell’s London townhouse. Andrew has repeatedly denied the allegations and reached an out-of-court settlement with Roberts earlier this year. The duke’s friendship and numerous trips abroad with Maxwell and Epstein have been scrutinised amid the scandal. In February 1999, Andrew and Maxwell travelled to Epstein’s private Caribbean Island together on the financier’s private jet. The same year, the royal hosted the pair at Balmoral, the Queen’s estate in Scotland. In his infamous Newnight interview with Emily Maitlis, Andrew said a visit from Maxwell and Epstein to his mother’s Sandringham estate in 2000 had been a ‘straightforward shooting weekend.’ The trio also reportedly enjoyed holidays abroad together. Following Maxwell’s sentencing, lawyers have called for other associates of Epstein to be investigated, including Andrew. Brad Edwards, who helped secure the Duke of York’s sex accuser Virginia Giuffre a £12 million out-of-court settlement, appealed to the FBI not to stop its investigation. Asked about others possibly linked to Maxwell and Epstein, he said: ‘Let’s hope they’re the next target. ‘If we have anything to do with it, they will be.’ Since his role in the Epstein scandal emerged, Andrew has stepped down from royal duties and been stripped his military titles and patronages. He could even have his Duke of York title removed under a proposed law, which has been tabled in Parliament. Rachael Maskell, Labour MP for York Central, said her city’s constituents were ashamed to be associated with the disgraced royal. Her proposed Removal of Titles Bill could affect not only Prince Andrew, but also peers in the House of Lords. Ms Maskell said: ‘There are no mechanisms in place, even for the monarch, to remove the title. ‘Back in February, when we had the focus on the court case, which was being brought against Andrew, my constituents responded that 80% of people wanted the association with the current Duke of York to be broken. ‘And therefore, I met with the clerks here in the Commons to see how it can be achieved.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.