We’ve all heard horror stories about people’s sex toys being found by unsuspecting security staff at the airport. And then there’s the risk of an embarrassing buzzing suddenly emitting from the overhead lockers. Thankfully, there’s now plenty of travel-friendly options that aren’t quite as obvious. So we’ve come up with a list of some of the most discreet toys we could find. It’s hard to get much more discreet than a vibrator that designed to look like a regular tube of lipstick. Despite its tiny size, its single-speed vibration packs a punch – just make sure not to mix it up with your makeup. Get it for £14.99 from Lovehoney. The Fin doesn’t look like your typical sex toy. It’s made to sit comfortably on your fingers for some extra hands-on fun. Billed as the perfect product for ‘foreplay and moreplay’, it could pass as a fidget spinner in your hand luggage. Get it for £85 from Cult Beauty. Another very lipstick-esque vibe, this one wouldn’t look at all amiss in a makeup bag. There are three speeds and seven patterns of vibration to choose from, and it’s also waterproof for whatever unfolds during your holidays. Get it for £16.99 from Lovehoney. Modelled after jelly, this wibbly wobbly toy has some great reviews. The stretchy sleeve wraps around the penis with a ‘dots and bumps’ texture. It can also be put in the fridge or a bowl of warm water to play with temperature and new sensations. Get it for £7.99 from Bondara. These little balls don’t look like much, but they’re designed to help strengthen your pelvic floor and stimulate you at the same time. Put them inside and go about your business with a secret thrill – although you may want to remove them before you go through security. Get it for £12.99 from Lovehoney. This waterproof little toy is designed to keep your hands free for other… things. The Eva II is fully waterproof and can be used for foreplay, oral, and penetrative sex. Tuck the ‘wings’ under your labia and switch between its three functions. Get it for £135 at Cult Beauty. As just 4.5 inches long, this mini magic wand is the perfect size for a cabin bag. This one is good for those who like strong vibrations, as a scaled-down, battery-powered alternative to the powerful Magic Wand toy. Get it for £19.99 from Lovehoney. There are a range of Tenga Eggs to choose from, which have different pleasurable patterns inside that can be used as penile masturbators. Get through airport security without fuss – after all, you’re just bringing some Easter gifts to your destination (less easy to get away with when it’s not Easter). Get them for £7.99 from Lovehoney. This little vibrator is so subtle you can have it hanging from your neck and most will be none the wiser. It’s available in silver, rose gold, or 24k gold if you’re feeling fancy. Don’t worry, it’s stainless steel and body-safe, so you won’t tarnish your multitasking jewellery. Get it for £65 from Amazon. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : What is bondage sex? MORE : The best solo sex toys to upgrade your self-love sessions MORE : The best sex toys for couples to level up their bedroom fun