The family of Love Island star Amber Beckford have made the decision to deactivate her Twitter account after being bombarded by ‘vile’ tweets from bullies. The 24-year-old nanny became one of the latest contestants to be dumped from the Love Island villa this week after receiving the fewest public votes out of all the girls, while Ikenna Ekwonna was also sent home. Amber’s departure came after she appeared in explosive scenes in recent nights, including getting into a scathing row with fellow islander Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu. It seems some viewers took their commentary too far and have sent abusive tweets, caught by Amber’s family and friends running her account. After her exit was aired in Tuesday’s episode, they posted a statement on her Twitter account, which said: ‘Hey all, Ambers [sic] time in the villa has come to an end. We have received some lovely comments & messages and thank you from the bottom of our hearts. ‘However as most of you are probably aware of some of the vile tweets, messages and post’s [sic] that are being written about Amber. As Amber’s family and friends this has been extremely hard to see and sometimes sickening.’ They continued: ‘We didn’t want to have to post something like this but please remember that bullying somebody over an hour episode of a televised show is damaging. ‘Bullying and negative comments can be extremely harmful to someone’s mental health and sometimes in worse cases can be fatal. ‘We will not stand for bullying and harassment.’ The statement added: ‘For this reason, we have unfortunately decided to deactivate Amber’s twitter before her arrival home to protect her mental well-being. ‘This is a decision that has been made by Amber’s close friends and family as it has been extremely for her family and friends to see, and we still want to make this an exciting time for Amber; not a negative one. ‘We’d like to thank everyone again for some of the love and to those who have supported Amber on her journey. We wish Amber’s new friends the best of luck in the villa and will continue to support them, please remember to be kind to them also; were only human [sic].’ ‘If you have nothing nice to say, keep it to yourself,’ they concluded. The note was signed off by Amber’s sister Haylie, her friends Hannah and Taz, and her wider family. In her exit interview, Amber said she’d ‘miss all the love islanders’, including her laughs with the girls and ‘little chats with Dami’. ‘But I don’t have any regrets, definitely done myself proud, I’ve been true to me,’ she said. Love Island airs nightly at 9pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Truth or dare spills savage truths while Dami Hope and Indiyah Pollack’s romance is officially on track – Love Island episode 16 talking points MORE : Love Island viewers rage after three Black contestants are dumped from villa in one week: ‘I want a revote!’ 