The wait is over, Love Island fans – Casa Amor is back. Over recent weeks we’ve seen the Islanders settle nicely into their couples – with smooches galore, cosy nights in the hideaway, lovers’ tiffs and even suggestions of marriage in the future. But, things could all change tomorrow night as the fan favourite Casa Amor makes an explosive return to our screens. The end of Thursday night’s episode saw voiceover legend Iain Stirling narrate an eerie trailer that had viewers on the edge of their sofas, predicting ‘chaos.’ While the villa’s name translates to ‘House of Love’, the now iconic annual feature is notorious for wreacking the most havoc in the entire series, with the potential to either make or break couples. Casa Amor lasts for around three to four days, just long enough for heads to be turned and for the infamous postcard to be sent to the main villa. Contestants are then asked whether they want to stick with their original partner, or couple up with one of the new singletons. It’s full of dramz to say the least, and fans expect nothing less from tomorrow night. ‘I don’t think any couple is safe from the Casa Amor demolition tbh,’ one Twitter user wrote. ‘Nahhh my body tingled when i saw the casa amor sign jfbdodhdos’, tweeted a second. Another penned: ‘Casa Amor about to be a madness. We are ready’. Viewers also rushed to make their predictions around whose heads might turn and which couples will survive Casa Amor, with plenty keeping their fingers crossed for the likes of Ekin-Su and Italian stallion Davide to keep it together after finally getting back on track. Others are begging for the feature to ‘leave Indiyah and Dami alone’, who’ve become a firm favourite amongst viewers. However, not everyone is so convinced that this year is going to be as juicy as previous seasons, since most of the couples are ‘stable’ and are likely to ‘stick together.’ One person tweeted that ‘this year’s Casa Amor will either be 10/10 or boring AF’ because ‘everyone’s loved up’, unless some try to be ‘sneaky’ and ‘f**k s**t up’. This year, ITV brought a brand new villa for the main Love Island house, so fans are expecting the same for the Casa Amor residence. All will be revealed soon and we cannot WAIT. Love Island airs nightly at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island views joke Michael Owen is watching ‘in tears’ as daughter Gemma Owen gets cosy with Luca Bish in hideaway MORE : Amanda Holden bans 16-year-old daughter Lexi from going on Love Island: ‘Mama said no!’ 