One Love Island star has reportedly left the villa in a shocking twist, which will air during Sunday’s episode. It’s not yet known who has become the second islander dumped, but yesterday’s instalment showed the girls preparing to choose which boy to couple up with. This means male contestants, Dami Hope, Luca Bish, Andrew Le Page, Jacques O’Neill, Ikenna Ekwonna, Jay Younger, Remi Lambert and Davide Sanclimenti could be eliminated. According to The Sun, one guy is thought ‘to have already been sent home’ following Friday’s cliffhanger. Love Island’s latest bombshell Danica Taylor made quite the entrance during the ‘sex-sea’ challenge, and as she is a newcomer, she will be the first to pick during tomorrow’s recoupling. During her speech dancer Danica stressed that hasn’t had the chance to get to know the boys properly yet and has to go ‘on face value.’ But fans will have to wait until tomorrow night to see who Danica chooses to couple up with, and what inevitable drama will result from that. The second dumping comes days after Afia Tonkmor  booted out of the ITV2 dating show after being left single by Gemma Owen’s ex-boyfriend Jacques O’Neill, who decided to couple up with Paige Thorne. ‘Obviously, I’m going to miss everyone in the Villa but I’m going to keep trying to find love,’ Afia said upon her exit. Following her experience on Love Island, Afia admitted she’s learned that she can be a bit shy. ‘It takes me a bit of time to come out of my shell,’ she said. ‘But I maybe learned to put myself out there a bit more. I did learn a few things.’ We’ve nearly reached the two-week mark of Love Island, and we’ve already had so many twists and turns, including Liam Llewellyn’s shocking departure. The Welsh student, 22, quit the show after four days and explained to his co-stars  that he hadn’t been feeling himself. Metro.co.uk has reached out to ITV for comment. Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s new bombshell Danica has Ekin-Su worried amid brutal recoupling cliffhanger: ‘She better stay away from my man’ MORE : Laura Whitmore sometimes wants to intervene in Love Island contestants’ wild Casa Amor decisions ‘but can’t’ 