A former PCSO has been fined £500 after he was filmed masturbating in a park while on duty in broad daylight. Kevin Phillips, 56, was caught committing the act while wearing his uniform in Dog Kennel Hill park, East Dulwich. Footage of the incident went viral after a member of the public videoed the married father-of-two and uploaded it to social media. In the footage, which was viewed tens of thousands of times, Phillips can be seen sitting on a green bench with his police cap by his side in the south London park. He then looks over his shoulder to check his surroundings before watching something on his mobile phone and committing the act. The video captured Phillips’ badge number, indicating he was serving in the Met. Philips, who has since resigned, was attached to the Roads and Transport Policing Command at the time. Chief Superintendent Simon Ovens, who leads that unit, condemned his former colleague’s ‘repulsive’ behaviour. He said: ‘Phillips’ behaviour that day was repulsive and is contrary to everything the decent officers and staff of the Metropolitan Police stand for. He has let down a great many of his colleagues and the public whom we serve. There is absolutely no place in the Met for such appalling behaviour. ‘As soon as we became aware of the video we took immediate action to investigate. ‘Officers worked through the night to identify him and secure a warrant for his arrest. ‘The investigation, led by our new Domestic Abuse and Sexual Offences professionalism team, resulted in Phillips’ arrest, charge and guilty plea within 48 hours. ‘I trust such swift action will assure the public how seriously we take breaches of trust and confidence and how robustly we will work to root out those who undermine the service.’ The video sparked widespread anger when it emerged online on March 30. Phillips was arrested at his home address early the next morning and charged with outraging public decency. He pleaded guilty to outraging public decency in April. The court was told he blamed his behaviour on stress and a medical condition. The video sparked widespread anger and revulsion. It comes at a time when the culture within the London’s police force is under intense scrutiny following a series of scandals, including the conviction of serving Met Officer Wayne Couzens for the kidnap, rape and murder of Sarah Everard. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.