With both a heatwave and the drama of this year’s Love Island on the go, it’s shaping up to be a hot summer all round. So if you’re having guests over, what better way to impress than to deck out your garden like the one in the Villa? Each year, the space where the contestants crack on and recouple is decorated in an array of bright colours, with neon lights, bean bags, and quirky ornaments. Rainbow-hued cactus statues dot the grass, while tropical plants and a glistening infinity pool add to the summery feel. There’s also a few nooks – like the Hideaway – where couples can sneak off for a chat, as well as the instantly-recognisable seating area where the islanders await their fate from host Laura Whitmore. Granted, we don’t live in Majorca, and it’s rare to find a garden with a pool here in the UK. But that doesn’t mean you can’t recreate a similar style in your own outdoor space. Plus, the high street is packed with seasonal decor pieces to do just that, with colourful garden furniture and decor pieces to brighten up any outdoor space and get it ready for melts and mugging off. Here’s how to recreate the Love Island look in your balcony, yard, or garden. The fire pit is one of the most iconic items in the Villa’s garden, encircled by a seating area and marking the place where the islanders congregate after a text. Go for a rounded bowl-type fire pit to emulate the one on Love Island, and place it strategically so it’ll be a focal point for entertaining. There are our favourites: Buy this Outsunny fire pit for £43.99 at The Range.  Get the Round MgO Fire Pit for £74.99 (reduced from £129.99) at VonHaus.  Buy the Pennsylvania Midi Fire Pit for £65 at Homebase. In the ITV show, the amorous islanders spend most of their time outside, soaking up the Balearic sun and plotting their recouplings. Naturally, there’s plenty of funky sun loungers, seats, and outdoor sofas for them to chill on – with bright pinks, blues, and yellows contrasting against the neutral decking and whitewashed paint. Get this Garden Woven Basket Patio Furniture Set for £149.99 (reduced from £169.99) at The Range.  Get the Berta Lounge Chair for £149 from Dunelm.  Buy the Forest Garden Firenze Corner Arbour for £765 at Argos.  Get the Salsa Garden Hanging Chair for £299 at John Lewis. You know you’re watching Love Island when you see those signature cushions and blankets, which are in an array of bright colours. It’s an inexpensive way to get in on the trend; keep your usual garden furniture, but jazz it up with some comfy extras. Buy Gardenista Sun Lounger Pads for £59.97 at Amazon.  Get these Bean Bag Chairs for £65.99 at Wayfair.  Get Cocos Mandarin orange Plain Seat pads for £6 each at B&Q.  Buy these water-resistant outdoor cushions for £9 each from Furn. If you can draw your eyes away from the cringeworthy moments and tanned gym bodies, you’ll know that the team who did up the Villa included a number of unique decor pieces. From lighting options to garden statues, here’s how to put the cherry on top of your Love Island inspired space. Buy the Bay Isle Home Leiston Cactus Garden Statue for £259.99 at Wayfair.  Buy for £31.99 at Amazon.  Buy these Warm White Connectable Festoon Lights from £26.99 at Lights4fun.  This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How I Made It: ‘We were the kids no one would sit with — now our emo podcast helps people feel less alone’ MORE : Love rats and covert snaps: What happens when you hire a private eye?