Rebel Wilson has introduced the world to her ‘Disney princess’ Ramona Agruma this week and it’s the good news we all needed. The 42-year-old Australian star took to Instagram on Thursday to reveal their loved up relationship with fans delighted by the announcement, which saw her proudly say that ‘love is love’. She wrote alongside a sweet snap: ‘I thought I was searching for a Disney Prince… but maybe what I really needed all this time was a Disney Princess 💗🌈💗 #loveislove.’ Not surprisingly, fans are already delighted by the news, with many of them flooding the social media post with well wishes and messages of love and support. ‘Wishing you all the love, happiness and years of fun memories,’ wrote one follower, while another added: ‘Oh wow!!!!! I couldn’t love this anymore!!!!!! (sic)’ Here’s everything you need to know about Ramona, and her relationship with Rebel. Fashion designer Ramona Arguma owns the LA-based Lemon Ve Limon label, which describes itself as a ‘sustainable clothing brand designed to take you places in comfort and style’. Although this is the first time fans have been introduced to Rebel’s new flame, she did open up about a budding romance last month in an interview with People. She didn’t name names, but she revealed she and her partner had been ‘set up through a friend’, adding: ‘We spoke on the phone for weeks before meeting. And that was a really good way to get to know each other. It was a bit old-school in that sense — very romantic.’ Ramona – who speaks Latvian after studying law in the European country’s Latvijas Universitae from 2004 to 2009 – also speaks English, Russian and German. It seems like they could have been dating for a while too, as she appeared on Rebel’s Instagram grid back in February in photos from her AGE birthday celebrations, and then again in May in honour of her new movie Senior Year. The Aussie added: ‘I think going through the process of finding more self-worth, I think that what you want in a partner is elevated and so it’s great to have someone who feels like an equal partner and be in a healthy relationship.’ The film star’s last relationship was with Jacob Busch, whose family founded the brewing company Anheuser-Busch, and while the pair went Instagram-official in November 2020, they confirmed the following February that they had split. And in November last year, Rebel had suggested she was putting dating on the back burner after seeing a few people over summer and ‘having a really nice time.’ She confessed that she was single and ‘looking for the right person’ – job done! Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rebel Wilson reveals relationship with new girlfriend: ‘Thought I wanted a Disney Prince – what I really needed was a Disney Princess’ MORE : Demi Lovato rocks out in leather and soaks in bath tub for intense Skin of My Teeth music video 