Some bittersweet news for Ted Lasso fans as Jason Sudeikis’ joyous series will be returning for a third chapter, however it will be the last. The Apple TV Plus series follows Lasso, and optimist American who tries to win over the sceptical English market with his folksy, optimistic demeanour while dealing with his lack of football experience. However, he manages to win the players over with his charm. In October 2021, Jason, 46, who stars as titular lead gave a vague response when he was asked whether the show would be renewed for season four. But Brett Goldstein who plays foul-mouthed Roy Kent and serves as show writer, confirmed that the third instalment will be the last. ‘We are writing it like that. It was planned as three [seasons],’ he said. In attempt to lift the mood, the star joked to The Sunday Times: ‘Spoiler alert — everyone dies.’ It’s safe to say fans were crushed over the news, with one person writing: ‘ted lasso is ending oh my god I’m sick to my stomach.’ ‘Ted Lasso ending after season 3 just doesn’t sit right with me,’ another added. In March, actor and executive producer Jason was pictured filming scenes for the upcoming season alongside co-stars Brett and Phil Dunster. (Jamie Tartt). Cristo – who plays striker Dani Rojas on the hit show – revealed the cast have been filming for the past few months, before gushing over the new scripts – which are ‘so good.’ ‘We’ve been shooting for the last two months, things are going well, and I’m hopeful,’ he said. ‘Hopefully, the fans will love our Season 3, which, hopefully, will be at the end of the year as well, out,’ he added to Pop Culture. Other stars who feature in the much-loved series include Jeremy Swift, Juno Temple, Hannah Waddingham and Nick Mohammed. During last year’s Emmy Awards, Jason won outstanding lead actor in a comedy series. He said the comedy series is about family, mentors, and teammates, adding he would not be on stage without them. Ted Lasso seasons 1-2 can be streamed in full now on Apple TV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Richard Madeley makes U-turn after slating Love Island ahead of launch: ‘I surrender’ MORE : Selling Sunset’s Christine Quinn ‘happy to be free’ from Netflix series: ‘We were brainwashed robots’ 