Kaley Cuoco has finalized her divorce from ex-husband Karl Cook, it has been claimed. The Big Bang Theory actress announced her split from the professional equestrian last September, after four years of marriage. Through a joint statement at the time, they explained that their ‘current paths’ had taken them in opposite directions. According to reports, their marriage is now legally over. Legal documents obtained by Entertainment Tonight state that their marriage was officially dissolved on Monday, following a judgement filed at the Los Angeles Superior Court. Kaley and Karl met in 2016, following the Flight Attendant star’s split from first husband Ryan Sweeting. They announced their engagement the following year and said their vows in 2018, surrounded by their family, friends and the Big Bang Theory cast. However, it wasn’t to last and the pair announced the end of their marriage in a statement last year. ‘Despite a deep love and respect for one another, we have realized that our current paths have taken us in opposite directions,’ it read. ‘We have both shared so much of our journey publicly so while we would prefer to keep this aspect of our personal life private, we wanted to be forthcoming in our truth together. ‘There is no anger or animosity, quite the contrary.’ Kaley has since gone public with her new romance with Tom Pelphrey – looking loved-up with the Ozark actor in LA last month. In a candid interview with Glamour, she revealed what she wanted a ‘deeper’ bond in her next relationship. ‘I want a relationship. I want a deeper relationship so that [I’m not afraid to] take a week off here and there. I want to take a breath between jobs, which I haven’t done since the beginning of Big Bang. I’ve not even taken a vacation. I don’t want to,’ she said. Kaley also vowed that she will not be walking down the aisle for a third time, adding: ‘I will never get married again. I would love to have a long-lasting relationship or a partnership. But I will never get married again. Absolutely not. ‘I believe in love because I’ve had incredible relationships. I know that they’re out there. I like being someone’s partner and having that companionship. ‘So I do believe there is someone out there. I love love. I’m not someone that wants to be by myself. I just need to figure out my priorities a little bit and make sure now I know that I need to water that relationship. It’s like a plant. Sometimes I get too focused on the garden instead of the specific plant that needs to be watered. And I am well aware of that. I want to change, I want to be better.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Kaley’s reps for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Coronation Street spoilers: Sally and Tim mistake Donkey sanctuary worker for sex therapist in hilarious mix-up MORE : The Saturdays singer Mollie King pregnant with first child: ‘We’re absolutely over the moon’ 