Two sisters from Guatemala were among the 51 migrants left to die inside an abandoned trailer without water or air conditioning in the sweltering Texas heat. Carla and Griselda Carac Tambriz – originally from the Colcajá canton, Nahualá, Sololá – died in the truck which may have been carrying as many as 100 people across the Mexican border into the US. One of the youngsters reportedly said before embarking on their journey: ‘Let’s achieve our dreams and also help our family.’ The girls’ identities were confirmed to Guatemalan-based newspaper El Metropolitano by immigration consultant Fernando Castro Molina on Tuesday afternoon. Authorities are currently carrying out the grim task of identifying the victims of the deadliest tragedy to claim the lives of migrants smuggled across the Mexican border. The deceased – 39 men and 12 women, most of them Mexico citizens – were discovered on Monday in an industrial area on the outskirts of San Antonio, about 160 miles north of the border. By Tuesday, medical examiners had potentially identified 34, although additional steps are being carried out such as fingerprint tests to confirm them. Among the dead, 27 are believed to be from Mexico based on documents they were carrying, according to said Rubén Minutti, the country’s consul general in San Antonio. Roberto Velasco Álvarez, head of the North America department in Mexico’s Foreign Relations Department, said at least seven were from Guatemala and two were from Honduras. Authorities said around 30 people have reached out seeking news of loved ones. Congressman Henry Cuellar said the truck driver and two other people have been arrested as part of the ongoing investigation. The bodies were discovered Monday afternoon on the outskirts of San Antonio when a city worker heard a cry for help from the truck parked on a lonely back road, police Chief William McManus said. Local authorities described finding the rear door to the trailer open with ‘stacks of bodies’ inside, while others were strewn collapsed nearby. Some were hot to the touch, they said. More than a dozen people were taken to hospitals, including four children. The death count was the highest ever from a smuggling attempt in the United States, according to Craig Larrabee, acting special agent in charge of Homeland Security Investigations in San Antonio. ‘This is a horror that surpasses anything we’ve experienced before,’ San Antonio Mayor Ron Nirenberg said. ‘And it’s sadly a preventable tragedy.’ Joe Biden called the deaths ‘horrifying and heartbreaking’. The president said in a statement: ‘Exploiting vulnerable individuals for profit is shameful, as is political grandstanding around tragedy, and my administration will continue to do everything possible to stop human smugglers and traffickers from taking advantage of people who are seeking to enter the United States between ports of entry.’ Attempts to cross the US border from Mexico have claimed thousands of lives in both countries in recent decades. US Customs and Border Protection reported 557 deaths on the Southwest border in the 12 months ending September 30, more than double the 247 deaths reported in the previous year and the highest since it began keeping track in 1998. Most were related to heat exposure. Migrants were stopped on the southern border nearly 240,000 times in May, up by one-third from a year ago. South Texas has long been the busiest area for illegal crossings. Craig Larrabee, acting special agent in charge of Homeland Security Investigations in San Antonio, said US authorities discover trucks with migrants inside ‘pretty close’ to daily. Migrants typically pay $8,000 to $10,000 (£6,500 to £8,000) to be taken across the border and loaded into a tractor-trailer and driven to San Antonio, where they transfer to smaller vehicles for their final destinations across the United States, he said. Conditions vary widely, including how much water passengers get and whether they are allowed to carry cell phones, he added. San Antonio has been a recurring scene of tragedy and desperation in recent years involving migrants in semitrailers. Ten migrants died in 2017 after being trapped inside a truck parked at a San Antonio Walmart. In 2003, the bodies of 19 migrants were found in a sweltering truck southeast of the city. More than 50 migrants were found alive in a trailer in 2018, driven by a man who said he was to be paid $3,000 (£2,500) and was sentenced to more than five years in prison. Other tragedies have occurred long before migrants reached the US. In December, more than 50 died when a semitrailer rolled over on a highway in southern Mexico. And in October, Mexican authorities reported finding 652 migrants packed into six trailers stopped at a military checkpoint near the border. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.