Yellow flood warnings covering most of England have been issued as forecasters expect heavy thunderstorms throughout the final day of Jubilee celebrations. The washout began in the early hours of Sunday morning, mainly affecting the South East, Midlands and East Anglia. It’s due to spread into Yorkshire, Wales and the North West later in the morning while Scotland and the northernmost parts of England will largely stay dry. The Met Office says there’s a strong possibility of ‘fast flowing or deep floodwater’ causing a ‘danger to life’ as volumes of up to 50mm an hour batter some areas. The forecasters added: ‘Flooding of homes and businesses could happen quickly, with damage to some buildings from floodwater, lightning strikes, hail or strong winds.’ People hoping to pour out for another round of street parties in the South East might enjoy dry spells later in the afternoon, but only coastal areas will be spared a return to wet weather as the evening draws in. In most affected areas the thunderstorms are due to continue until at least 6pm. The Met Office continued: ‘Torrential downpours are likely in a few places with parts of the Midlands, East Anglia and southeast England most at risk. ‘Some places could see 15-20 mm in an hour, and perhaps up to 50 mm before storms fade, and hail may affect a few spots. ‘These thunderstorms will slowly spread into southern parts of northern England on Sunday morning before easing.’ Meteorologists warned travellers to check for train and bus cancellations as flooding and lightning strikes could disrupt services. Drivers should also be wary of ‘spray and sudden flooding’ causing dangerous conditions and road closures. Meanwhile, some areas could witness widespread power cuts and damage to businesses. Events marking the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee will draw to a close on Sunday, accompanied by a large chunk of the 60,000 street parties which have been officially registered. Some estimates indicate as many as 10 million people will take part in the last day of revelries. The final organised parade will be the £15 million Platinum Jubilee Pageant, featuring a host of cultural displays across a 3km route around Buckingham Palace. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.