Barcelona forward Ousmane Dembele has responded to speculation he wants to leave the Nou Camp and join Thomas Tuchel’s Chelsea this summer. Much was expected of Dembele when he joined Barcelona for more than £100m in 2017, with his deal becoming the joint-second most expensive in history. The winger, now 25, had impressed at Bundesliga side Borussia Dortmund and become a regular for France, featuring in their World Cup win in 2018. But Dembele has endured an underwhelming spell at Barcelona and only scored two goals in 32 appearances last season. Reports in Spain have suggested that the player is open to leaving Barca and is keen to join Chelsea, who have expressed interest in a summer deal. Tuchel wants to bolster his attacking options after a frustrating domestic campaign and reportedly views Dembele as an ideal addition to his squad at Stamford Bridge. But Dembele has seemingly crushed Chelsea’s hopes of securing his services this summer by telling a fan he is ‘fine’ at Barcelona and will be staying put. Footage that has emerged on social media shows a fan interacting with Dembele as they sit in their cars at a traffic light. ‘Are you staying in Barcelona?’ the fan asks, with Dembele replying: ‘Yes.’ Spanish outlet Sport say the supporter then asks specifically about Chelsea and whether Dembele wants to work with Tuchel at Stamford Bridge, to which he replies: ‘I’m fine at Barcelona.’ Dembele’s comments come after Glen Johnson told his former club Chelsea that a move for the Barcelona forward was a ‘no-brainer’. He told bettingodds.com: ‘I believe it’s a no-brainer. You’ve got to do some clever business. You can’t just go out and spend top dollar for all the best players. ‘If you can get players on the cheap or on a free then it makes absolute sense. You have to think, what would Dembélé cost if he had four years left on his contract? ‘So yes, I think if that sort of deal becomes available then you have to jump at it.’ Chelsea, who finished third in the Premier League last season and reached both the FA Cup and EFL Cup finals, have also been linked with moves for Robert Lewandoswki, Jules Kounde and Raheem Sterling. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 