Several major entertainment and media companies in the US, including Disney, Warner Bros,, Sony and Meta, have pledged to cover travel costs for employees seeking abortions in the wake of the Supreme Court’s decision to overturn Roe v Wade. The decision restored the ability of individual states to ban abortion, with 26 either certain or considered likely to do so. Women with unwanted pregnancies in large swathes of America now may face the choice of traveling to another state where the procedure remains legal and available, buying abortion pills online, or having a potentially dangerous illegal abortion. The Walt Disney Co told workers on Friday that it recognises the impact of the ruling, but it remains committed to providing comprehensive access to quality healthcare – including family planning and reproductive care. The company’s benefits will cover the cost of staff who need to travel to another location to access care, including to obtain an abortion, a spokesman said. Disney employs about 80,000 people at Walt Disney World resort in Florida, where Governor Ron DeSantis signed a bill prohibiting abortions after 15 weeks of gestation. The Florida law, which is scheduled to take effect on July 1, is patterned after Mississippi’s 15-week ban that was at the centre of the Supreme Court ruling. The company’s stance could again put it at odds with DeSantis, who stripped Disney of its self-governing status for Disney World in apparent retaliation to its opposition to Florida’s Parental Rights in Education bill, which opponents branded as ‘Don’t Say Gay’ legislation. Netflix said it offers staff and their families up to $10,000 (£8,000) in travel reimbursement for cancer treatment, transplants, gender affirming care, or abortion through its plan. Warner Bros. Discovery said it has expanded its healthcare benefits to cover workers needing to cross state lines to access abortion and reproductive care. Adria Alpert Romm, the company’s chief people and culture officer, wrote in a memo that ‘our number one priority is the wellbeing, health and safety of our employees’. Paramount Global CEO Bob Bakish and chief people officer Nancy Phillips sent a similar memo, obtained by Variety, to employees on Friday pledging to cover ‘reproductive health care through company-sponsored health insurance, including coverage for birth control, elective abortion care, miscarriage care and certain related travel expenses if the covered health service, such as abortion, is prohibited in your area’. Facebook owner Meta said it will reimburse travel expenses for employees seeking out-of-state reproductive care, but the company was also ‘assessing how best to do so given the legal complexities involved’. But it also moved to limit internal discussion of the ruling. Moderators on its forum Workplace removed posts mentioning abortion, citing a ‘respectful communications’ policy barring employee discussions of political topics, according to a LinkedIn post by a Meta employee in Seattle. Moderators also took down links to Facebook posts by outgoing Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg that condemned the ruling, the employee wrote. The Meta spokesperson declined to comment on internal policy when asked about the reports of limiting internal discussion. Sony staff in the US are reimbursed for travel if it’s required to access healthcare services available under its health plan, which includes reproductive healthcare, a source confirmed to Variety. Companies that offer reimbursements for abortion-related travel could be vulnerable to lawsuits by anti-abortion groups and Republican-led states, and even potential criminal penalties. Lawyers and other experts said employers could face claims that their policies violate state laws banning, facilitating or aiding and abetting abortions. Ride hailing company Lyft said it would legally shield drivers in abortion cases, saying it would expand a recent policy as new state laws were passed. ‘No driver should have to ask a rider where they are going and why,’ a spokesperson said. A draft of the Supreme Court ruling on abortion was leaked in May. At that time, many other companies, including online review site Yelp , Microsoft Corp , and Tesla, said they would help cover the cost of travel for employees seeking reproductive services. Apple repeated that it supported employees making their own decisions on reproductive health and that its healthcare covered travel for services unavailable nearby. Yelp co-founder and Chief Executive Jeremy Stoppelman on Friday said the ruling ‘puts women’s health in jeopardy, denies them their human rights, and threatens to dismantle the progress we’ve made toward gender equality in the workplace since Roe’. Alaska Air Group, parent of Alaska Airlines, said it is ‘reimbursing travel for certain medical procedures and treatments if they are not available where you live. Today’s Supreme Court decision does not change that’. Other companies offering the benefit include Johnson & Johnson, online dating sites OkCupid and Bumble Inc, and JPMorgan Chase & Co, the nation’s largest bank. OkCupid sent in-app messages to customers in 26 states likely to ban abortions, gearing up for a political fight saying: ‘Act now by calling your representatives and demanding freedom and choice.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.