Ryan Gosling’s look as Ken in the upcoming Barbie film has been revealed, and it is everything. Fans are desperately awaiting Greta Gerwig’s take on the iconic doll, her life, career and love with the hotly anticipated live action film. In April we got our first glimpse of Margot Robbie as the titular Barbie, with bleach-blonde hair, joyful smile and all-pink Barbie car. The film boasts a massively star-studded cast, including upcoming Doctor Who star Ncuti Gatwa, Saturday Night Live’s Kate McKinnon, Marvel superhero Simu Liu, and comedy legend Will Ferrell. Playing Ken, who as everyone knows is the love of Barbie’s life, is La La Land star Ryan, and it’s fair to say he looks the part. In a new snap revealed on Friday, Ryan can be seen posing by Barbie’s all-pink Dream House, his hair dyed a silver-blonde colour and styled in a way that is very Ken. The actor is dressed in denim jeans and and an open denim waistcoat to show off his washboard, proper Ken-doll abs, with the top of his underwear poking out and bearing his name. Ryan glances away from the camera as he leans up against a bright pink pillar, his hands in his pockets as he flashes a smile. The reveal has made fans more excited than ever for the new flick, with Ryan expertly encompassing the iconic figure – and we can’t wait to see his interactions with Barbie. ‘Ryan Gosling as Ken in #Barbie is actually perfect,’ one fan wrote on social media after the reveal. Another predicted the film would be a ‘camp masterpiece’, while one said it was ‘top tier casting.’ Oscar-winner Greta is directing the film after writing the screenplay with her partner, Noah Baumbach. Some of the cast were spotted enjoying a night out in London earlier this month, with Margot seen beaming as she watched a Magic Mike Show in the capital’s West End. Margot was reportedly joined by Greta, Ncuti and others for the night out, which ended at a club in nearby Soho. As exciting as it all is, fans will still have to wait just a bit longer to see Ken and Barbie in action, with a release date set for July 21, 2023. Come on, Barbie! Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : First look at Margot Robbie as Barbie and it’s everything you hoped for MORE : Drab motorhome transformed into pink Barbie paradise on wheels 