Manchester City legend Vincent Kompany says it is an ‘honour’ to join Burnley after being appointed as the Championship club’s new manager. Kompany is regarded as one of the Premier League’s greatest defenders and captains, having led Man City to four Premier League titles, four EFL Cups and two FA Cups. After retiring in 2020, Kompany took over at Anderlecht in the summer of 2020 and led the Belgian club to a fourth-place finish in his first season as manager. Under Kompany, Anderlecht finished third last season and reached the Belgian Cup final, ensuring European qualification. As well as making more than 350 appearances for Manchester City, Kompany also established himself as Belgium legend, earning 89 caps and taking the side to the semi-finals of the 2018 World Cup. ‘Burnley Football Club is a truly historic English side and it is an honour to be appointed first-team manager,’ he said. ‘I’m excited by the challenge ahead. ‘I’m looking forward to getting to work with the players and creating a positive, winning team for our fans when we return to Turf Moor. ‘I’ve been impressed by the board’s vision for the club which aligns with my own and I look forward to playing my part as we enter an important season.’ Kompany is taking over a Burnley side who spent six years in the Premier League before being relegated to the Championship last season. Burnley chairman Alan Pace said: ‘We are absolutely delighted to welcome Vincent to Burnley Football Club. ‘Vincent is a proven leader and I’ve been very impressed with his ideas for Burnley Football Club, his appetite to succeed and his focus on leading the club back to the Premier League. ‘Vincent has shown impressive credentials in leading one of Belgium’s biggest teams back to European football and a Cup Final last season and we’ve been excited by his philosophy, approach and ambition for the club.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 