Love Island fans noticed a huge editing error during Wednesday’s episode as Dami Hope appeared to be in two places at once. Once again, it was a drama-filled night in the villa, as a recoupling caused tension galore between the islanders, with Danica Taylor coupling up with Jay Younger – who has been getting to know Antigoni Buxton – despite him rejecting her earlier in the day. After a clearly frustrated Antogini coupled up with Charlie Radnedge due to him being the last man standing, the guys gathered around the fire to ask Jay why Danica picked him. While others were paying attention to Jay’s explanation, eagle eyed viewers spotted Dami standing between Luca Bish and Jay, and walking away with Indiyah Polack at the same time. After the technical fault was spotted by one, several fans also found themselves doing a double-take. Poking fun at Dami’s mind-reading abilities in Monday’s episode, one person tweeted: ‘First a clairvoyant and now a magician. Dami is in two places at once!’ ‘@LoveIsland please explain why Dami is in two places at once? He’s clearly at the fire pit, and clearly walking away with Indiyah? Why edit this together? Doesn’t make sense,’ another added. ‘Am i stupid or is dami in two places at once?’ a third person wrote. Elsewhere, Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu had to choose between Charlie, Jay and Davide Sanclimenti, but she ultimately chose to take a risk with the Italian stallion. Standing around the firepit, she said: ‘Firstly this has been one of the hardest decisions I’ve ever had to make and I’ve had to really thank about it. ‘All three guys have given me a great connection and I’ve had a really good time with all three. I didn’t know whether to play it safe or take a risk. Metro.co.uk has reached out to ITV for comment. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Has Love Island’s slow fashion approach inspired us to shop sustainably – or could they have done more? MORE : Love Island viewers horrified as Luca Bish sucks entire mouthful of Gemma Owen’s toes: ‘Are we gonna act like we didn’t just see that?’ 