Raheem Sterling is open to the idea of joining Chelsea from Manchester City this summer with the Premier League champions prepared to cash in on one of their prize assets. The England international has just under 12 months remaining on his current contract and talks over a new deal have stalled. Sterling spoke midway through last season about his desire to play abroad at some stage in his career and is coveted by Spanish giants Real Madrid and Barcelona. ‘As an English player, all you know is the Premier League. I always thought I would love to play abroad and see how I could handle that challenge,’ said Sterling back in November. The former Liverpool winger has played a key role in the domestic dominance City have enjoyed under Pep Guaridola and it was his contribution, as a second half substitute, that helped kickstart a dramatic comeback against Aston Villa on the final day of last season, which culminated in a fourth Premier League title in five seasons. Sterling, however, was far from an automatic starter during the second half of last season and will refuse to settle for a similar role next term where competition for places in City’s forward line will increase due to the impending arrivals of Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez. According to The Telegraph, City would prefer to sell Sterling to foreign club but, given they would hope to recoup around £60million, Chelsea appear to be in pole position and are ready to test the waters with an opening bid. Chelsea will hand Thomas Tuchel a decisive say in their transfer dealing this summer and the club’s new owners will arm their manager with a £200million warchest. Tuchel is set to make decision on the futures of wide players Christian Pulisic, Callum Hudson-Odoi and Hakim Ziyech, as well as Romelu Lukaku. Sterling is far from the only winger on Chelsea’s radar, however, with Barcelona’s soon-to-be out of contract France international Ousmane Dembele and RB Leipzig sensation Christopher Nkunku also under consideration. MORE : Petr Cech provides major update on Romelu Lukaku’s Chelsea future MORE : Chelsea demand £20million loan fee for Inter Milan to sign Romelu Lukaku on season-long deal For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 