Our Love Island contestants will be impacted by lots of astro action this week and our tarot card readings suggest Luca Bish could soon have his head turned from Gemma Owen. Having nailed down all the islanders’ star signs, we’ve cast predictions on what lies ahead for our islanders – and it looks like there’s going to be some major relationship shake-ups ahead of Casa Amor. Firstly, a Neptune Retrograde which lasts right until December! This planet is about illusion and mystery and when it goes retrograde it can lead to ~scales falling from the eyes~ moments and people realising what they need to do to get what (or who) they want! And a New Moon in Cancer today (June 29) makes everyone feel even more amorous and ready to get their love life action ON. New Moons bring fresh energy (and people perhaps?) and a desire to start new things up. Expect a lot of partner swapping this week ahead… This is a good week for Davide to fall head over heels in love, maybe with his happy-ever-after girl (no kidding) as The Empress represents true love, passion, sexual chemistry, family, fertility (!), and Venus! Wow. That’s some prediction! The Empress also represents Taurus (Gemma) and Libra (no Libras in the villa… yet). Watch this space! Luca is head over heels this week and the feelings will be mutual. Two of Cups is a true romance card and brings two people together who are equals, mutually attracted to each other and ready to form an alliance, a ~power couple~. Water signs are actually indicated here, which would draw in Antigoni… or maybe someone new altogether! Antigoni is going to face, and overcome, some challenges and hardships this week in the villa. Strength is a card of perseverance and progress, despite issues and obstacles. She will do herself proud and come through in a better position. Strength also indicates Leos, and we don’t have any lion-y boys in the villa… yet. Passions are going to run high for Andrew this week, and he is going to feel a bit all over the place. The Lovers is about temptation, having your head turned in Love Island ~speak~, and having to make a choice between two people. Virgo lovers have the ability to draw Andrew’s gaze this week (which puts Ekin-Su and Paige in the running) as well as Geminis (although there aren’t any in the villa…. yet). A softer, innocent, wide-eyed side of Danica will emerge this week and she might need a shoulder to cry on at some point, revealing her vulnerable nature. She is an open book and doesn’t hide her feelings. A Water sign love could be on the cards in her world, someone who is ~there~ for her. The only male Water signs in the villa right now are Andrew and Jay… Ooo! The Two of Swords pulls no punches and Dami could find himself facing a MAJOR decision this week or being at the centre of one. It looks like it could be a very testing week for our Aries boy and he will need to summon all his Mars power to stand his ground and get through. This is a cosmic dream-come-true card so Ekin looks set for a best-ever week if she holds her nerve and goes for her heartfelt dream lover. The higher she aims, the better the outcome, but she has to be overt about her feelings and make it clear who she wants. Water signs are well starred (which includes Jay and Andrew…). Paige is looking for someone to be bold with her, take control, show their intentions, and fight for her. She wants a ~power partner~ she can challenge and lean on. She knows that surviving on the island is as much about war as peace and love. Air sign men are right for her, right now, and that brings Aquarius Charlie into play as the sole Air sign in the villa. Death means transformation and change so whatever position Indiyah finds herself in at the start of this week will NOT be the same by the end of it. Everything will go up in the air, maybe even her own standing within the villa. She could be at risk. She needs to change the vibe, mood, and even partner… A Scorpio might be just what’s needed… which means Jay! Tasha has a secret admirer AND she has a secret crush on someone else too. The Three of Coins is about admiration and appreciation from afar that is just about to be revealed and turn into something more overt. Earth sign lovers are well-starred, which includes Davide, Luca, and Jacques. Gemma is going to look out for Numero Uno this week and do what it takes to survive and thrive. She is taking a more hard-headed approach because she’s realised this game needs stamina and strategy! Earth sign men can captivate her interest (Davide, Luca, and Jacques are ALL Earth signs). Plenty of choice at the buffet… Jacques feels like he is living ‘Groundhog Day’ this week, and the villa’s walls start to close in. He is missing his world outside and his freedom and he might start acting out a little. This could lead to frustration driving his choices and actions, and he could end up talking and walking himself OUT of whatever love situation he’s currently in. All change for Jacques. Charlie needs to build up some ~good karma credit~ and win people over and make friends to solidify his position. And it’s not about pushing his own agenda but about being there for others and just making friends, keeping it light and airy, taking his time, and not leading anyone on. Charlie’s love life action is yet to really come… This boy can’t make his mind up! The Page of Swords blows hot/cold, on/off. And others get hurt along the way. People will only invest so much time and energy before they go off themselves to look for firmer footing elsewhere. Jay needs to really think about what he does, or does NOT, want here. And act on it. Consistently. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 