Prince Harry and Meghan Markle finally had the chance to introduce their baby daughter Lilibet to her namesake last weekend, when they were back in the UK for the Platinum Jubilee. But according to reports, they didn’t spend very long with the Queen and their meeting was quite ‘formal’. Harry, 37, and Meghan, 40, did meet the monarch in Windsor on June 2, which was also Lilibet’s first birthday. They took both their children to spend time with their famous grandmother. A source told The Sun: ‘It was a quick in and out job. It was all quite formal.’ It was earlier reported the couple were asked not to bring a photographer with them to document the meeting. This was thought to be because the Palace did not want the jubilee celebrations overshadowed by a photo being shared of the Queen meeting baby Lilibet for the first time. Such a photo would have been extremely valuable with many publications seeking to publish it. Harry and Meghan did release a rare two photographs of Lilibet, one showing her smiling with a bow in her hair on her birthday and one in black and white showing Meghan holding her alongside family friends. The couple jetted back to the UK briefly to join the jubilee celebrations. They made only one public appearance, at the service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s cathedral, with their children not attending. Although they were photographed watching Trooping the Colour the day before, this was from a private room where they were with other royals not playing a main role in the ceremony. Royal commentator Omid Scobie told BBC Breakfast: ‘I spoke with people close to the couple… who said that they want to be as low-profile as possible during this trip.’ He added that the couple hold a ‘warm and close’ relationship with the Queen, adding: ‘Those moments with Lilibet are very much private between them and the Queen.’ Buckingham Palace declined to comment on the reports. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.