The body of a woman has been found in the remains of a house destroyed in a suspected gas explosion in Birmingham. West Midlands Fire Service (WMFS) confirmed the fatality following the blast in Kingstanding yesterday. In an update, the force said: ‘We’re very sad to confirm that a woman has been found dead at the scene of last night’s explosion in Kingstanding. ‘Our thoughts and sympathies are with everyone affected.’ Emergency services were called to the residential street just before 8.30pm yesterday following reports of a gas explosion. One house has been destroyed and several others have been significantly damaged as well as nearby cars, West Midlands Police said. A man who was rescued from the burning remains of the house remains in a life-threatening condition in hospital. He was pulled from the wreckage of the house by a heroic group of neighbours who entered the building after hearing cries for help. Speaking to reporters after the incident one man described how rescuers clambered past flaming debris, through dust and rubble to pull the injured man alive from the ruins of the house. ‘There was a guy in the back (of the house), we could hear the guy screaming, but he was trapped up against the fridge in the kitchen,’ a man who declined to give his name told reporters. ‘The dust from the loft insulation was burning around us. ‘We managed to get to him, and pull him out – I still have his blood on my jeans. ‘We got him out, he ended up coming out on a mattress. But he was saying there was a woman in the house.’ The area was evacuated and four other men were treated at the scene for minor injuries. As of 4am today, the fire service said good progress was being made at the scene and a drone was being used to identify any hot spots. WMFS said it was working with West Midlands Police, West Midlands Ambulance Service, Cadent Gas and the National Grid to manage the incident. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. For more stories like this, check our entertainment page. Follow Metro.co.uk Entertainment on Twitter and Facebook for the latest celeb and entertainment updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.