Casa Amor, aka Love Island’s most beloved twist, is on its way very soon and we can’t wait. It’s already been a drama-filled series, what with our chaos queen Ekin-Su Culculoglu working overtime to bring us great TV, and couples that seem to have just the right amount of tension. However, Casa Amor has historically brought the show’s most iconic moments, from Georgia Steel, erm, steeling herself as Josh Denzel walked back in with Kaz Crossley, to Michael ‘Chaldish’ Griffiths paving the way for Amber Gill’s win by walking back in with Joanna Chimonides. So, we can only imagine what this year is going to do to our couples (these aren’t the couples as they currently stand, but we reckon they might be by the time Casa Amor rolls around). This year, Casa Amor is expected to kick off on July 4. Who will survive? And who will see the demise of their relationship thanks to Casa Amor? Indiyah and Dami seem, by far, the strongest couple in the villa currently. The pair seem totally loved-up despite being a relatively new couple, and fans couldn’t get over their gorgeous date this week. They’re all over each other, they’re talking about the future, and they already seem closed off to other options, so it seems pretty likely that they’ll survive Casa Amor. That’s not to say they won’t be open to chats, but we can imagine they’ll end up with another group of besties rather than new options for romance. It’s been a rocky few days for Tasha and Andrew, who have been coupled up since day one. Andrew was left frustrated after Tasha said she’d be open to getting to know new boy Charlie Radnedge, but she later did a 180, insisting that she’s totally happy with Andrew. However, both of them might be open to exploring other options in Casa Amor. If Tasha finds a better connection, it’s hard to imagine her not bringing another boy back to the villa. And we’ve all seen what those few days of distance do to the islanders – if Andrew reckons Tasha is about to bring someone else back, the boys may convince him to do the same. We’ve definitely seen it happen before. But what are the viewers saying? ‘i just know Tasha will recoupling in casa amor,’ one said, while another added: ‘Waiting for the downfall of tasha and andrew during casa amor.’ Gemma and Luca have also had a roller coaster few days in the villa, especially after Ekin-Su dropped a bombshell, spilling that Gemma said her head could be turned if she finds a better connection in the villa. Despite that, Gemma and Luca seem strong – but Luca’s clearly got concerns that he’s more into Gemma than she’s into him. In this couple, we could see Gemma actually sticking with Luca, while his insecurities about the relationship might lead him to bring another girl back to keep his options open. However, some reckon Gemma’s head might turn, with one viewer writing on Twitter: ‘I need Gemma’s perfect man to walk into Casa Amor. The scenes from Luca could outdo Max and Stacey’s affair.’ ‘Please bring in someone exactly for Gemma for casa amor,’ another said. Although Paige was recently getting to know Jay Younger, she’s put an end to that connection, putting all her eggs in Jacques’ basket. Paige has been open about not being able to give less than 100% in a relationship, and we can’t see her straying. If Casa Amor came earlier in the series, Jacques may have kept his options open by coupling up with a new girl – but after he opened up to Paige and was left uncomfortable with the thought of her getting to know Jay, it doesn’t look likely. Some are fearing for Paige though, with one viewer writing: ‘If jacques is saying all this cute s**t about paige only to pie her off at casa amor.’ ‘Jacques and paige in casa amor will be one for the history books,’ another predicted, while one more added: ‘I love Jacques and Paige’s relationship but something about him has me VERY nervous for casa amor.’ We support women’s rights, but most importantly women’s wrongs, and that’s why we love Ekin-Su. Of course, the chaos queen is going to find someone new to couple up with, and we can only hope it’s going to be endgame for her. Charlie will follow suit and the pair will remain pals but nothing more. Viewers can’t wait to see Ekin-Su in Casa Amor, with one saying: ‘Ekin, manage this one until Casa Amor, jare. I’m standing behind you,’ and another adding: ‘PLS Ekin Su will be moving mad in Casa Amor… i am here for the drama.’ We love Davide and Antigoni separately but so far, there don’t seem to be major sparks between them. Of course, they might grow but, as it stands, it looks like they might be another couple at the mercy of Casa Amor. Some viewers, however, are predicting a Davide and Ekin-Su reunion. ‘I personally would love for Ekin and Davide to get back together and have absolute carnage in 2 weeks when one of them comes back from Casa Amor with someone else,’ one wrote. Another added: ‘I hope Davide and Ekin-Su reconcile, recouple and then immediately receive the Casa Amor text.’ Stranger things have happened! Danica has had a rough time of it to say the least – she had to pick a boy to couple up with after less than 24 hours, wasn’t sent on any dates, and took a risk that very  much did not pay off by coupling up with Luca. Perhaps as a result, she’s struggled to find a connection in the villa, so we’ve got everything crossed that she finds her dream guy in Casa Amor. Jay’s in pretty much the same boat, so we reckon he’ll be very open heading to Casa Amor. Unless Jay and Danica have something to explore at home in the villa? Think about it guys… Love Island continues Wednesday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island spoilers: Danica Taylor makes a play for Andrew Le Page after pep talk from Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu MORE : Love Island: What is the heart rate challenge as Paige Thorne channels Pamela Anderson and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu stuns in bridal lingerie 