Rumours of Love Island star Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu having planned a fake romance to win the show with a new arrival have been quashed. Sources claimed James Price was due to enter the villa soon, perhaps in Casa Amor, and that the Turkish soap star had made a secret deal with him to form a romance and win the prize money at the end, according to The Sun. An insider added to the publication: ‘Everybody knows Love Island can be a big machine for making money and becoming famous. ‘Even those that really did find love also happened to make tons of money too, didn’t they? Ekin just wanted a piece of that.’ However, Metro.co.uk understands that there are no plans for James to enter the villa, nor have there ever been. The rumours follow reports that Ekin-Su slammed some of her fellow female contestants in texts sent before she entered the Majorcan villa. The 27-year-old actress has found herself in the middle of all the drama in recent episodes, having clashed with Amber Beckford and Gemma Owen after accusations that she’s playing a game earlier this week. Before that, Davide Sanclimenti had dumped Ekin-Su in front of the whole villa after she literally crawled to the terrace to snog new love interest Jay Younger… who ended up in a row with Ekin-Su after he expressed interest in wanting to get to know Paige Thorne. Allegations that Ekin-Su threw shade at her fellow contestants in messages before she stepped foot inside the new villa, include the model writing: ‘Gemma Owen is only 19! I reckon she would be my little sista in there. She’s a baby LMAO.’ In messages which The Sun claims to have seen, it’s suggested that Ekin-Su also made her feelings known about the rest of the cast. It’s then suggested that Ekin-Su made her feelings known about the rest of the cast. ‘No fit girls though,’ the publication reports she said. ‘Or guys.’ Ekin-Su, who is now coupled up with new bombshell Charlie Radnedge, was caught in a row with Jay earlier this week, despite having set her eye on him when he walked into the villa, and sharing secret kisses with him on the terrace, behind Davide’s back. Jay had made Ekin-Su aware that he was looking at pursuing things with paramedic Paige, and at first the chat seemed to go well. ‘That conversation with Ekin couldn’t have gone any better,’ Jay began, before things turned entirely upside down, and the villa exploded. ‘This is a joke,’ Ekin was heard saying to herself inside, before she strode straight back out, bee-lining for Jay. And she was not happy. Jay and Ekin-Su’s relationship broke down into an argument, pretty reflective of the one Davide had with Ekin-Su only a few nights before. In fact it was so similar, Ekin-Su actually used Davide’s words against Jay, saying he should win an Oscar. ‘I take back everything I said here, I was calm and collected, it’s just hit me now,’ Ekin-Su began, questioning Jay’s actions towards her over the last few days. While Ekin-Su accused him of ‘leading her on’, calling Jay ‘a mug’ and ‘the biggest player of the villa’ who ‘deserves the biggest Oscar’, the rest of the Islanders were left stunned at the interaction, with Jacques jumping in to defend Jay, pointing out that Ekin-Su’s actions a few nights ago (which involved crawling onto the terrace to secretly kiss Jay) weren’t any better. Luca added: ‘Jay, welcome to the dog house.’ Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Celebrity Gogglebox’s Stacey Solomon disgusted by Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Jay Younger’s kiss on Love Island: ‘It’s so wet and gross’ MORE : Recoupling leaves Tasha Ghouri in tears while Paige Thorne’s romance with Jacques O’Neill stronger than ever: Love Island episode 19 talking points 