Caroline Flack’s mum Christine Flack has admitted she is ‘really sad’ two years on from her daughter’s death, ahead of an upcoming charity festival titled Flackstock created in her honour. The friends and family of former Love Island presenter Flack have been trying to keep her spirit alive since she died by suicide on February 15, 2020, aged 40. Earlier this year, it was announced a festival called Flackstock was being set up in her memory by those closest to her. Speaking on Friday’s GMB, her mum shared a bit about what fans could expect from the event as she reflected on her daughter’s death. Chatting to Kate Garraway and Adil Ray, Christine called the festival the ‘best way’ to celebrate Flack. ‘This will be positive, laughing, singing, we’ll probably do quite a bit of crying. Everyone we’ve asked has said yes if they can,’ she added. And when host Kate asked how she was doing, Christine said: ‘I just feel really sad and I don’t think that feeling’s going to go. ‘But you get on with things, everybody has to get on with life, but the sadness doesn’t go.’ Caroline’s friend, Natalie Pinkham, appeared alongside Christine and said the response has been ‘incredible.’ ‘In the pandemic we didn’t get the chance to do a memorial service. Part of grief is coming together,’ Natalie noted. The event held on July 25 will celebrate Flack’s life with acts from comedy, dance and music, raising funds for mental health charities and causes close to the star’s heart. Singers Natalie Imbruglia, Louise Redknapp and Fleur East are among the first acts to be announced for the festival, which will be held in the grounds of Englefield House, near Pangbourne in Berkshire. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Zara McDermott ‘thought a lot’ about Caroline Flack while filming BBC Three dating show Love in The Flesh MORE : Glastonbury to be hit by strikes that will stop people getting to festival 