This week, FINA, the world’s swimming governing body, effectively banned trans women from competing in elite level swimming. The policy is a shocking decision, given researchers have said there is little scientific basis to pass such a ban – and there appears to be no indication that trans women are unfairly beating cisgender women at swimming. The policy itself claims to be one of inclusion – but it’s the exact opposite. It places a blanket ban on all trans women that have undergone testosterone-driven puberty from competing at the elite level. FINA says that male-to-female athletes could compete if they haven’t experienced any part of the process of male puberty, which is effectively impossible. Getting access to puberty blockers is often difficult, and it differs between young kids at what age it’s best for them to begin. What this means in practice for many trans people – who are already socially isolated enough – is that they can say goodbye to any dream of ever competing in swimming or taking part in a team sport in this field. While this ban initially applies only to elite sport, for many trans athletes, it’s not just about winning medals – it’s also about being a part of a team, exercising and being able to socialise with people while doing something you love. Young trans people are already facing high levels of bullying and exclusion, and a decision of this kind will only increase their isolation. The only trans woman that has made notable achievements in swimming, 22-year-old University of Pennsylvania swimmer Lia Thomas, won both the 100 and 200-metre freestyle races against Harvard University earlier this year. But instead of being celebrated for her achievements like other athletes would be, she had distrust thrown her way. Unlike Lia, I gave up my passion for sport when I started transitioning – partly because, at the time, it would’ve been very difficult for me due to lack of trans awareness and partly because I felt like I could not juggle that alongside all the changes I had going on. But if I had seen trans people openly competing and pursuing their passion for sport, I probably would have continued on with it as well. I had always been very good at a wide range of sports – from football, basketball and athletics – but the latter was where I really enjoyed myself and thrived. I have an entire wall of medals from various sport events – from 100 metre to 1500 metre runs, long-jump, high-jump and shot-put – and competed locally and nationally in all those during my teenage years. Giving sport up at the age of 18 is something I sometimes regret, but I certainly don’t envy the vitriol and hate some transgender athletes – like Lia Thomas or trans weightlifter Laurel Hubbard – have to put up with, simply for pursuing their passion in sports. There seems to have been a real pushback against transgender women competing in sports in particular in the past few years. In Florida, lawmakers in the state even wanted to legalise genital examinations of young girls, which is a gross violation of children’s privacy and well-being. Those provisions were eventually removed, but on 1 June last year, the state’s governor signed a law that requires women to show a birth certificate proving the gender they were assigned at birth before being allowed to participate in school sports. This is despite transgender people already having competed for decades in sports like tennis – trans woman Renee Richards won a legal battle to play in the women’s events of the US Open in 1977 – and being allowed to join at the Olympics since 2004, under certain circumstances. There certainly are trans women who do well at their sport like Lia – but claims from commentators that trans inclusion means ‘the end of women’s sport’ are clearly false exaggerations that aren’t based on fact. There are regulations in place to monitor and ensure fairness – such as the International Olympic Committee’s framework on ‘fairness, inclusion and non-discrimination on the basis of gender identity and sex variations’ – and we have to be guided by them. In my opinion, it is a complex issue that largely doesn’t receive the right level of research, dedication and commitment it needs. But in all of this – much like other discussions related to trans people – we rarely get to hear people’s actual stories. It’s why, like many, I was glued to my screen binge-watching season 6 of the Queer Eye series on Netflix. One episode in particular really moved me, which was the one with powerlifting powerhouse, Angel. Seeing a trans person unapologetically living their life and pursuing their passion is something we sadly don’t see very often on mainstream TV. For so long, trans representation has been littered with bad tropes, tragic stories and exploitative content. Seeing something that actually showed the lived reality of a trans person was a breath of fresh air. Not only was Angel living her best life, but she also had acceptance from the people around her. She was shown doing what she loves – at a queer-owned gym – and was celebrated by her peers and coach for her skills and achievements. Angel’s episode on Queer Eye was so important because it served as an anchor to the real world, outside of hot takes on Twitter or ill-researched opinion pieces. The episode showed us someone who is an athlete first and foremost and allowed the audience to get to know her as a person, not as a topic of debate. This is something we still don’t see enough of, and I hope more platforms will follow suit, because we desperately need it. It’s my hope that those who continue to attack transgender athletes take a step back and allow us to be guided by research, instead of emotive – and often abusive – arguments against inclusion and fairness. I personally often find it’s strange how people that don’t care much about sport suddenly become experts on athletic performance when it comes down to transgender sportspeople. I know for a fact that if I had seen positive role models and known it was a possibility to thrive in sports, I would’ve likely continued my athletic career. It’s important to remember that sport isn’t just about the elite level, and every trans person that is successful isn’t a sign that they somehow have an advantage – it means that they are dedicated to their sport and worked really hard to achieve what they did. Sport is also about belonging to a team, and socialising with others who share your passion and being a part of a community. Excluding trans people from it only serves to further marginalise trans people, and push them out of activities that are good for their physical and mental well-being. We must have inclusion, fairness and compassion at the heart of sport. Otherwise, we will have entirely missed the point of it. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : ‘Trans people are allowed to be good at sport’: Caitlyn Jenner slammed by charity after claiming transgender swimmer Lia Thomas ‘lacks integrity’ MORE : Trans people ‘shouldn’t be able to self-identify’, equalities minister says MORE : ‘This was clearly written by people who feel like I do’: What The Matrix means to transgender and non-binary fans as Resurrections hits cinemas  