A Love Island favorite, the infamous Heart Rate challenge, is back and tonight’s looks to be as raunchy as ever. From Paige Thorne dressed as Pamela Anderson with her iconic golden locks to Tasha Ghouri in a hot pink Barbie outfit, the boys’ hearts are set to get soaring. For those who don’t know, the heart rate challenge is all about the girls competing against the boys to work their magic and raise each other’s heart rates. Each islander struts their stuff in front of a line-up of the other gender, as they try to capture the attention of their partners, and sometimes find out another contestant’s true feelings for them. One of the most exciting segments of the entire series, the heart rate challenge can actually reveal whether the islanders truly fancy who they’re coupled up with or whether they have feelings for another sexy singleton. Who raises their heartbeat the highest? Each boy and girl will be hooked up to a heart monitor and at the end of all the performances, we’ll find out who raised who’s heart the most. And of course, we’re expecting a lot of surprises. A spoiler for tonight shows Dami Hope drooling over Indiyah Polack’s sexiness after she twerks on him, Jacques O’Neill overjoyed as the challenge is announced, and Gemma Owen planting a snog on Luca Bish. Elsewhere, Davide Sanclimenti admits: ‘I feel like my heart rate exploded a few times,’ as a clip of Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu in bridal lingerie (complete with a veil) is shown lap-dancing on him. When it’s the boys’ turn, they manage to get their Magic Mikes on as Jay Younger appears in a cowboy outfit and Luca dresses up as a police officer. Elsewhere in tonight’s episode, an explosive argument kicks off after Gemma hears her ex Jacques bitching about their past relationship to current beau Luca. ‘I’d much rather be with Paige than Gem,’ Jacques admits. ‘Like 1000%. Like I could literally go out with Paige, be myself and the next day wake up and have no issues, at all. ‘Even if I’d said something wrong, or anything. But if I did that with Gem I’ve got questions to answer the next day.’ Later Gemma learns of the conversation. But what will she think of her ex discussing their relationship with her new man? Are we about to see another argument send shockwaves across the villa? Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island is nothing without loveable ‘villain’ Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu, we owe her the series MORE : Love Island spoilers: Drama ahead as Jacques O’Neill warns Luca Bish about his ex-girlfriend Gemma Owen 