The Netflix series Stranger Things has become somewhat of a cult-classic among sci-fi and horror fans. Currently one of the most-watched shows on the streaming service, series 4 has also propelled Kate Bush’s ‘Running Up That Hill’ to number one in the charts. And now a strange alien-looking Stranger Things monster has washed up on a rural beach in North Wales and has got everyone talking. The strange creature was found on Bennar beach near Dyffryn Ardudwy, Gwynedd, North Wales, reports North Wales Live. Shell Longmore, visits the beach often and posted the image on Facebook to try and discover what the sea critter is. She was soon inundated with comments, with one person writing: ‘The stuff of nightmare’s. That’s what it is.’ Others recognised the similarity with the Shadow Monster, aka the Mind Flayer, a giant, spider-like beast from Stranger Things. Shell said: ‘I thought I had seen all the local wildlife until I found this – it was a massive shock! It was a strange-looking creature but also very beautiful.’ Bearing shell-like claws, the creature was identified as a gaggle of Gooseneck barnacles. Regarded as ‘impossibly ugly’, they are considered a rare delicacy, known as percebes, with sweet and salty tasting flesh. Gooseneck barnacles come at a luxury price too. Traditionally gathered from underwater rocks and crevices on Spain’s Costa da Morte, or Coast of Death, they are among the world’s most expensive seafoods. Export prices of up to £300 per kilo have been reported, though they can be bought online for around £80-£90 for a kilo. The price reflects the dangers involved in gathering them by Percebeiros – specialist Gooseneck barnacle fishermen who risk their lives diving beneath crashing waves. The taste is said to resemble a cross between lobster and clam, with a texture akin to octopus. On Facebook, one user urged Shell to make the most of her find. ‘Pick them up, sell them or eat them!’ he said. ‘Apparently they are lovely and are really expensive!’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.