Vera Wang left fans floored and begging for her life secrets after she celebrated her 73rd birthday. No, that’s not a mistake, the fashion icon has turned 73 – and marked the day in total and utter style, as she should. Taking to Instagram, she gave us all a glimpse into her bash, donning a pale pink flowy dress, with a pair of dreamy shorts underneath. She accessorized with a stunning embellished crown and huge silver heels, as well as a few glasses of her very own rose prosecco and huge tiered silver cake. ‘Celebrating my Bday with CAKES and KARAOKE…… and my new ROSÉ PROSECCO!!!!!! #VeraWangParty,’ she penned on Instagram. Fans were living for Vera’s celebrations and flooded the comments section with praise, with many taking the opportunity to ask for her beauty routine. ‘What a FAB party and you looked SMASHING,’ a follower said. ‘Magnificent! Love the way you look always! Woah,’ another agreed. One replied: ‘Happy birthday. Gosh share your secret please you look like your 30.’ As an Instagram user urged: ‘Happy birthday! You look like 21. Please share your secret.’ ‘Happy bday, you always look so amazing and young, is it the Rose?,’ a fan suggested. If it is, we’ll be stocking up over the weekend… Vera’s youthful looks went viral in 2020, causing many to question just how they could follow suit. The designer previously dropped some of the tips to her appearance, insisting that ‘work, sleep, not too much sun and vodka’ played a huge part, as well as ‘sporadic’ exercise. She also confessed that she wasn’t expecting people to go as wild for her photoshoot at the time, and assumed they would be more into her hair clips. ‘I was totally shocked. To be perfectly honest, the real goal of that picture was [to feature] the hair clips I had in my hair,’ she admitted to People Magazine. ‘And hair clips don’t exactly show up that well in a picture. ‘So we really had to minimise whatever I was wearing and to keep the focus on my hair and those crystal clips. And the fact it became about my Palm Angels workout top was so crazy. ‘I always thought of myself as somebody who, in all fairness, was the creator and not the subject matter. So it was sort of shocking. I can’t lie to you.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Hiddleston and Zawe Ashton relationship timeline – from their West End meeting to expecting their first baby MORE : DNA reveals five strangers share same wrestling dad – and Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson is their half-brother 