There is still an ‘opportunity’ for the children of Prince Harry and Prince William to meet this weekend, a royal expert has said. Omid Scobie says the brothers may reunite in private to allow for their children to be introduced. He added Harry and Meghan will continue to keep as ‘low-profile as possible’ during their visit to the UK. Mr Scobie, a royal biographer, told Good Morning America that Harry and Meghan’s ‘priorities’ this weekend were to ‘celebrate the Queen’ and ‘introducing her to their daughter’. But he said there was still an ‘opportunity’ for Lilibet to meet her cousins George, Charlotte and Louis. Mr Scobie added the meeting would likely take place in private, as Harry and Meghan continue to duck the limelight during the trip. He told Good Morning Britain: ‘Of course there will be a number of private moments. ‘No news yet but I’d say there are still opportunities over the days ahead.’ Lilibet, whose birthday is today, was born in California and has never met her royal cousins. Her brother, three-year-old Archie, has not seen them since he was a baby. Neither sibling was present at the Trooping the Colour on Thursday or the St. Paul’s service yesterday. Harry and Meghan introduced Lilibet to the Queen on Thursday. Speaking on BBC Breakfast yesterday, he said: ‘Those moments with Lilibet are very much private between them and the Queen and of course we know how much she’s been looking forward to it. ‘They’ve been held back by a pandemic. Of course the times that Harry has been here it’s just been by himself for quite sombre occasions. And so this really was the first time.’ The writer yesterday spoke to Metro.co.uk about the positive reception Harry and Meghan had received at St Paul’s Cathedral for the Service of Thanksgiving. While the Queen was unable to attend, the spotlight instead was turned to the arrival of Prince William and Kate Middleton, and Harry and Meghan. Mr Scobie told Metro.co.uk: ‘It’s been really positive and they’ve had huge support from everyone here. ‘It’s very easy to get sucked into the narrative of the tabloids and feel like that represents public sentiment. ‘But we have seen equal cheers for the Cambridges and the Sussexes.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.