Glastonbury festival-goers already face a nightmare getting there due to the train strikes. Now, there’s some more bad news in store. After initial reports suggested there would be a heatwave to top off the week, that forecast has changed, well, as quickly as the weather… A yellow thunder warning has been issued for Thursday, covering Somerset, where the world-famous festival takes place. The Met Office has warned of torrential downpours which ‘may be accompanied by frequent lightning, whilst gusty winds and hail may also affect a few places’. It means early birds arriving today could see the last of the sun, with temperatures expected to peak at 27°C – 9°C higher than usual – as people set up camp. Initial forecasts predicted sunny and dry weather for Thursday too, before taking a turn for the worse on Friday as people were advised to pack both suncream and wellies. Now, the Met Office says up to 60mm could fall in two or three hours tomorrow in the worst affected places. The forecast said: ‘Thunderstorms are likely to break out in some areas, particularly during the afternoon and early evening. ‘While most places will probably miss them, where thunderstorms do occur there is a chance that in a few places up to 40 mm of rain could fall in an hour or so and 40 to 60 mm could fall in two or three hours. ‘These torrential downpours may be accompanied by frequent lightning, whilst gusty winds and hail may also affect a few places.’ However, all hope is not lost. While the warning covers most of England, including the south west, the Met Office said the exact location of the thunderstorms is currently ‘hard to pinpoint’. The warning area is being kept under review and will be updated if necessary. That means tomorrow might not be a complete washout. Last night, Met Office meteorologist Tom Morgan said: ‘The forecast at Glastonbury to start off with on Wednesday and Thursday is going to be very warm. ‘There will be plenty of sunshine around so it will more likely be an issue with dehydration, heat exhaustion and sun stroke. ‘Temperatures could reach 26C or 27C, quite a lot of strong sunshine around given that we are in mid-June, we’ve got very high levels of UV and grass pollen as well so that will be the story on the first couple of days.’ He described this year’s weather outlook as ‘one of two halves’, with the mud synonymous with Glastonbury expected to return on Friday. ‘From Friday onwards, it turns a bit more showery – brief downpours with some sunny spells in between,’ Mr Morgan said. ‘We could see longer spells of rain later in the day on Friday and into the weekend it generally cools down. ‘Temperatures return back to the average which at this time of the year is around 18C or 19C. ‘There will still be a risk of showers this weekend, and potentially the chance of the odd thunderstorm but it might be that they miss Glastonbury. ‘At this stage it is a little bit early to say for definite but there is certainly quite a high chance that there will be some heavy showers at times through the weekend. ‘In between that there will be some sunny spells but temperatures will be a lot lot lower and a lot more comfortable if you’re standing around listening to music, generally a more pleasant temperature through the weekend.’ The much-anticipated festival, hosting a population of 200,000, returns to celebrate its 50th anniversary after the pandemic forced organisers to cancel twice. Sir Paul McCartney, Billie Eilish and rapper Kendrick Lamar will headline the Pyramid stage, while Diana Ross will fill the Sunday teatime legends slot. More than 80 artists are set to perform, including US pop star Olivia Rodrigo, Lorde and Ukrainian Eurovision winners Kalush Orchestra. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 