Le Creuset products aren’t just receptacles for cooking and serving food; they’re a lifestyle, an investment, and part of a person’s home aesthetic. The brand has just launched its new collection, Olive Branch, and it’s every bit as display-worthy as you’d expect. Inspired by the sun-drenched fields of Provence, the limited-edition range features cookware and tableware in cast iron and stoneware. Each piece is embossed with an olive branch design, in bright white for a refined feel. Plus, the collection features a soft matte finish texture. We can see it now; serving up summer salads to guests at garden parties and pouring olive oil from a fancy cruet like a Mediterranean matriarch. As ever with Le Creuset, though, functionality is at the core of the offering. The stoneware products can be used for baking and roasting, providing excellent heat distribution for even cooking. Take straight from oven to table – or just display as decor items if you’re not a fan of cooking. Meanwhile, the cast iron soup pot and casserole dish are ideal all-rounders, suitable for all manner of one-pot meals. Prices start at £35 for a Le Creuset Olive Branch oil bottle, while the large Signature Soup Pot comes in at £305. With wedding season well underway, we imagine something from this range would go down a treat as a gift. Here’s everything available in the new collection, as well as where you can get your hands on it. Buy for £305 at Le Creuset. Buy for £295 at Le Creuset. A versatile design that easily goes from oven to table. Ideal for baking and roasting, its stoneware construction provides excellent heat distribution for even cooking. Buy for £115 at Le Creuset. Buy the Oil Cruet for £35 at Le Creuset. Buy the Olive Branch Bowl for £49 at Le Creuset. Buy for £72 at Le Creuset. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What it means for you if your star sign is ‘on the cusp’ MORE : Woman ditches her partner for colleague who’s 31 years older than her