A man arrested after a mother and five-year-old child died in north London has been released by police. Officers say ‘new information’ has altered their investigation process. Police and paramedics had found the bodies of 37-year-old Yi Chen and her five-year-old child, Xing Duan Yuan, at an address in Brookside South, Barnet, on Tuesday. Both were found dead with stab wounds. A 37-year-old man, who knew the pair, had been arrested on suspicion of murder, but has since been released with no further action. Detective Chief Inspector Claire Hine, leading the investigation, said: ‘The post-mortem examination on Yi Chen has provided important new information as to the nature of her injuries. ‘Following the post-mortem examination, the 37-year-old man who had been arrested in connection with the deaths has been released without further action. ‘Nobody else is sought in connection with the two deaths. ‘This incident has had a devastating effect on the family of Yi and Duan. We have specially trained officers who are providing support to them where we can.’ The mother and son’s deaths sent shockwaves among their community. Yesterday, family and friends left flowers, toys and candles following the distressing news of the deaths. A chocolate Hogwarts castle was among the items placed outside their home. Mourners also left a cardboard sign reading: ‘There is no evil and suffering in heaven! Rest in peace! Thank you for the happiness. You will be remembered.’ A post-mortem examination in respect of Xing Duan Yuan is scheduled for Wednesday. The 27-year-old was a Chinese national and her son, who was born in the United Kingdom, had a Chinese passport. Yesterday, a friend who lives close to the family’s previous home told MailOnline: ‘Yi was a lovely lady, a doting mother. She was perfect. ‘She stayed inside a lot of the time, but when I did see her, she was outside having fun with her children. ‘Her youngest son was Duan Duan. He was a cheeky little boy but full of character, even at the young age he was when they lived here.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.