Kim Kardashian was forced to halt her interview on the Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon on two occasions after being interrupted by her kids on Tuesday. The Skims businesswoman attended the television show with her two boys, Psalm, three, and Saint, six, with a family friend’s daughter also joining in on the fun. However, the little ones were soon causing chaos while mum Kim admitted that she had never seen an episode of Saturday Night Live before making her appearance on the show. Kim was soon forced to pause her chat with presenter Jimmy to tell her kids to quieten down. ‘Guys, can you stop? This is your first time at work with me, please,’ she urged them. ‘My two boys are here and I hear them making so much noise,’ Kim then explained to the audience. ‘Guys, this is your first time at work with me, don’t mess this up, come on!’ The mum-of-four attempted to settle back into her chat with Jimmy, but no sooner had they resumed conversation she was forced to command them to be quiet. ‘Guys, seriously,’ Kim snapped. ‘You gotta go!’ Psalm was then taken out of the studio for being loud. Elsewhere during her appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, Kim shared that she and boyfriend Pete Davidson ‘bond’ over skincare. ‘We go to dermatologists together, we inject our pimples together at the same time,’ she said. ‘The dermatologist is like, “Is this contagious? You guys always have pimples at the same time.’ Kim also revealed the moment she knew it was ‘special’ between her and Davidson. ‘I fell asleep and I kept on talking about all night, like, “Oh, my God. I have this pimple, I have this pimple don’t let me fall asleep I have to put pimple medicine on it before I go to sleep.” ‘I fell sleep, forgot, woke up in the morning with dried pimple medicine on my face.’ Erm, cute? Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 