There is a distinctive smell of sweat – typical to well-oiled gyms – at K.O. Combat Academy in east London where mixed martial arts star Pasha Rafiei trains seven days a week. This is where the ‘Persian powerhouse’ – as he is referred to by fans – has rebuilt his life over the last two years after fleeing Iran in fear for his life. Watching him deliver powerful kicks while wearing an altitude mask, it is hard to imagine that in 2019 he lived in a refugee camp in Greece where he used old car tyres as a boxing bag to stay fit. Back in his homeland, Pasha was known as Mohammad Hadi-Rafiei – a successful MMA fighter who had won a number of medals representing his country abroad. But his life took a dark turn after he complained against the Iranian Martial Arts Federation over ‘corruption’ in 2016. The sporting authorities also discovered Pasha had been secretly training female students. ‘Under their rules [Sharia law], men are not allowed to train or mix with women, so they banned me from training,’ the 36-year-old told Metro.co.uk. ‘Everyone should learn martial arts and self-defence, especially women, even if it is just to help others.’ When Pasha returned from a championship in Denmark the following year, the federation twisted the knife even further and banned him from training in gyms. ‘I was proud to represent my country and I waved the Iranian flag when I won the gold medal in Denmark,’ he said. ‘Danish officials even offered to sponsor me to move there but I refused as I had my family to look after back home. ‘But when I came back I was banned from training in MMA gyms and participating in competitions. This was really hard for me. ‘Is that how you appreciate your champions? Forcing them to train in local parks?’ Pasha took part in the August 2018 uprising against Iran’s theocratic government that saw protests erupt across the country. When police arrested him, he recalls being beaten so badly by officers that blood started gushing from his head and he was taken to hospital. ‘Everyone had their reason for taking part in the protests,’ the athlete said. ‘Police used teargas against the crowds. ‘They caught me and beat me up. My entire face and nose were broken, my ribs as well. ‘I remember not being able to see and then I lost consciousness because my head was really injured. ‘Police took me to the hospital as they didn’t want the responsibility of me dying in their hands. ‘They let me go after three days and I was forced to sign a letter saying I will no longer take part in any future protests.’ A clip of Pasha laying on a stretcher in the hospital and covered with blood was shared online tens of thousands of times, further igniting the demonstrations, he said. His friend Navid Afkari, who was with him, was also detained and later accused of murdering a security guard during the anti-government rally. Activists outside Iran still believe these were bogus charges and that Navid’s initial confession had been obtained under torture. There had been worldwide calls for Navid to be pardoned, including from then-US president Donald Trump. But the Iranian judiciary denied claims of torture and he was executed in the city of Shiraz in September 2020. ‘There was never any solid evidence to show that he was guilty, it is horrid,’ Pasha said fighting back tears. ‘Navid was killed just weeks before my birthday, it was the saddest I had been my whole life. I am still devastated.’ He feared the same fate awaited him even before his dear friend Navid – a well-known Iranian wrestler and his training partner – was sentenced to death. So, Pasha fled Iran with his wife using fake passports, leaving his family, home and flourishing career behind. The couple crossed the border with Turkey via a bus and then travelled to Greece where they were moved to a refugee camp on the island of Samos, which housed some 3,000 asylum seekers in ‘tragic’ slum-like conditions. With pain, Pasha remembers living in a tent there for nearly 12 months. But this did not stop him from training. He said: ‘I ran on the beach every day. I did shadow boxing and bodyweight exercises. I was not allowed to train in the gyms in Greece, so that’s what I had to do to keep my form. ‘I also stacked three tyres on top of each other and hung them on a tree to use as a punch bag. ‘My hands were covered in cuts from the boxing, so I ripped some clothes apart and used the material to wrap around my knuckles. That was my life there.’ After leaving Samos, he travelled to Athens, then to France and then to the UK. Pasha and his wife had married in 2018 but soon after he discovered that she was a lesbian. ‘I didn’t know this at the time but her brother forced her to marry me. She didn’t want to,’ he said. ‘One of the reasons why I am so passionate about training LGBTQ+ people is because of her. ‘Over time, I got to know her better and I learnt that she was a lesbian but she did not actually tell me. ‘I brought her with me as I felt responsible for her. She was terrified of the Iranian regime. ‘When we arrived in the UK, she admitted her sexuality to me. She now lives in Birmingham and volunteers for a rainbow organisation. I am very happy for her.’ Now, the K.O. Academy in the Bethnal Green railway arches has become his new home and its tight-knit community his new family. Some 40 days after Pasha arrived in London, he began volunteering at the MMA gym, which is a local institution. As part of his work there, he teaches self-defence classes for LGBTQ+ people, hoping to empower them. Alongside his two jobs, he also volunteers with Ultra MMA London, which has raised millions of pounds for Cancer Research since 2019. Participants get two months of training for free and are then matched up in amateur fights. The trainer also volunteers with a 12 to 16 youth group in the area with the hope to give them self-confidence. Currently, Pasha is preparing for his next fight at Crystal Palace on Saturday, June 25 . Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.