Rage Against the Machine have pledged to donate $475,000 (£387,000) to abortion access following the US Supreme Court’s Roe vs Wade ruling. People around the world have reacted with shock, sadness and horror following the Supreme Court in the US overturning the landmark Roe vs Wade decision from 50 years ago, which guaranteed abortion rights across the country. Judith Orr, vice chair of campaign group Abortion Rights, which claims to have organised the demonstration, said protesters were ‘full of rage and anger’ about the decision and warned the consequences would be ‘dire’. The Know Your Enemy hitmakers – consisting of members Zack de la Rocha, Tim Commerford, Tom Morello and Brad Wilk –  issued a statement on social Instagram announcing that they will be donating money that their fans raised ‘from the sale of our charity tickets at Alpine Valley and the United Center’. ‘We are disgusted by the repeal of Roe V. Wade and the devastating impact it will have on tens of millions of people,’ they wrote. ‘Over half of the country (26 states) is likely to ban or seriously restrict abortion very soon, if not immediately, which will have a disproportionate impact on poor, working class and undocumented BIPOC communities.’ Guitarist Tom Morello also shared a personal message over the heartbreaking ruling. ‘My great grandmother, Mary Maude Fitzgerald, died from an illegal, unsafe abortion,’ he tweeted. ‘Her widower, Thomas Fitzgerald, an itinerant worker, couldn’t raise their 3 kids alone & sent them off to families that took them as servants. He died alone of TB in a work camp. #WeWillNotGoBack.’ Americans and people around the world have reacted with shock and fury over the news, including Viola Davis, former First Lady Michelle Obama and Taylor Swift. Singer Lizzo recently announced that she was donating $500,000 (£408,000) from her tour proceeds, which will be matched by the same donation from Live Nation, after the ruling was decided. ‘I’m pledging $500k from my upcoming tour to Planned Parenthood. Live Nation agreed to match— to make it 1 MILLION dollars,’ she tweeted. ‘We are going to give proceeds to @AbortionFunds as well! Thank you!’ She added: ‘Black women & women of colour have historically had disproportionately less access to family planning resources— this is a great loss but not a new one. ‘Go to http://lizzolovesyou.com to donate, sign the Bans Off My Body petition and sign up to volunteer and take action.’ With Roe overturned, individual states are responsible to determine how they will regulate abortions. Thirteen states have so-called trigger laws in place that take immediate effect once Roe is struck down that ban or severely limit access to abortion, and another half-dozen states have near total bans on terminating a pregnancy after six weeks, which is often before many people know they are pregnant. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : U2 star Bono discovers he has secret half-brother: ‘I didn’t know, or maybe I did’: MORE : Megan Thee Stallion blasts ‘really embarrassing’ hometown Texas at Glastonbury after Roe vs Wade ruling 