Louis van Gaal says that while Jurrien Timber is good enough to play for Manchester United, he would advise the Dutchman against leaving Ajax this summer. Centre-back Timber has been linked with a move to the Red Devils, with Erik ten Hag looking to reunite with the promising 20-year-old at Old Trafford. But former United boss and current Netherlands manager Van Gaal doesn’t think that Timber should make the move in the upcoming transfer window, as a place in the Dutch squad for the World Cup is at stake. ‘I think a player with his [Timber’s] qualities can play in the Premier League,’ Van Gaal said in his press conference ahead of the Netherland’s Nations League clash with Wales on Wednesday. ‘That’s not a problem. But if he has to make this step now… that’s another question. ‘It is not so wise I think [to move to United]. He has to play.’ While a nailed-on starter at Ajax, it is unclear how involved in the first-team Timber would be at United, as while he is talented, Ten Hag may favour the experience of the likes of Raphael Varane and Harry Maguire in the opening stages of the next season. The defender’s place in the Dutch squad meanwhile is far from guaranteed, with Oranje stacked with quality centre-backs including Virgil van Dijk, Matthijs de Ligt, Nathan Ake and Stefan de Vrij. Van Gaal also commentated on Ten Hag’s appointment as Red Devils boss and appears to have changed his tune slightly, having previously warned his fellow countryman to steer clear of Old Trafford. He had labelled United a ‘commercial club’ before but the changes in the hierarchy at the club have suggested that things will be better for Ten Hag than they were for Van Gaal during his two-season stint in Manchester. ‘I’ve spoken to him [Ten Hag] but there is now a new leadership,’ he added. ‘[Before] it was [Ed] Woodward, now it’s Richard Arnold. That can make a difference. Erik has lot of confidence. Who am I to say something about that?’ MORE : Robin van Persie explains why he rejected Erik ten Hag’s offer to return to Manchester United MORE : Real Madrid reach agreement to sign Manchester United and Chelsea-linked Aurelien Tchouameni For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 