A British man has been found guilty of killing a club promoter during a drunken attack in Ibiza. Mitchell Andrew Loveridge appeared in court this week following the death of Harry Kingsland. A jury in Spain today found Loveridge guilty of manslaughter, but not murder. The 26-year-old now faces up to four years in jail. The incident took place after Harry reportedly tried to split up a fight between Loveridge and another Brit. Harry, 21, was previously described as a ‘lovely lad’ by his friends and family. The former British Gas manager, from Solihull in the West Midlands, had been working at a party resort in San Antonio, Ibiza for the summer. He had worked as a bricklayer to raise funds for his dream trip. Loveridge, from Llwynpia in the Rhondda, took the stand to give evidence on the first day of the trial into Harry’s death. He insisted he had hit the 21-year-old in ‘self-defence’ on July 18, 2018 during a drunken altercation at a flat in the resort. He also denied assaulting him as he lay convulsing on the floor. No date has yet been set for the sentence, which will be delivered in writing rather than in open court as is normal in Spain. Loveridge had been arrested after jumping out of the second-floor apartment after fatally injuring the Brit. He was remanded in a Spanish prison for more than six months before he was released on bail on January 30, 2019. The family of Harry are now seeking a prison sentence of four years, prosecutors confirmed. Following his death, Harry’s mum Julie had said: ‘Harry was a happy go-lucky, ambitious young man whose muscles, love of sport and charming nature landed him friends wherever he went. ‘He was so excited to be moving to Ibiza, it was his first experience of working abroad and he had dreams of many more to come. ‘He had always wanted to work abroad and worked two jobs to raise the money to go to Ibiza, his favourite, happy place. For the trip to have ended in such tragic circumstances is indeed heart-breaking. ‘It has been a long few years but we are so grateful to the Spanish authorities for doing all they can in proceeding with a criminal case. ‘We will attend the trial where we hope we will get some closure to this horrific pain we are living through.’ Loveridge’s defence has urged the judge to sentence him to a one-year sentence. At the end of the lawyers’ closing speeches on Wednesday, the 26-year-old again took the stand to apologise to Harry’s parents for what had happened. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.