Just as no festival is quite so wide and wild a playground as Glastonbury, so none ever offers a line-up quite so musically diverse – not just across the headliners, where an octogenarian ex-Beatle can share the limelight with a genius rapper, but down the bill and across the stages, where every genre that currently feeds into both mainstream and leftfield pop is liable to be represented Whether you want cosmic jazz, drum & bass, classic rock, upstart pop, Americana, contemporary soul, or – more likely – all of them over the course of weekend, Glastonbury will see you right. Some of them will be almost unavoidable. Others, you’ll have to go looking for. But it’ll be worth it. Here’s just a taster – a mere 160 minutes’ worth – of the acts you’ll find there. Wings: Junior’s FarmPaul McCartney with a hugely underrated banger about rocking out on a farm, you say? Got to, really. Olivia Rodrigo: BrutalThe new girl on the big-time block channels Elvis Costello and new wave energy on this corker from debut album Sour. St Vincent: Live The DreamWhat if Pink Floyd’s Comfortably Numb, only female – and even weirder and better? Kendrick Lamar: Auntie DiariesRap’s outstanding artist takes on homophobia with characteristic nuance, insight and self-reflection. Khruangbin: B-SideIf the whole festival were condensed into a single band, it would surely be something like this global new-agey chillout party dub-funk outfit. The Avalanches: Interstellar LoveA highlight of their gorgeous, warm-hearted, radiant album We Will Always Love You, featuring fellow Glasto act Leon Bridges. Diana Ross: No One Gets The PrizeThink you know all of Miss Ross’s disco delights? Even deeper cuts like this one are glorious. Joy Crookes: Feet Don’t Fail Me NowTypically stylish retro-modern neo-soul from this remarkably assured young London singer-songwriter. Robert Plant & Alison Krauss: Go Your WayRaise the Roof, the duo’s second album together, is a subtle, poignant, atmospheric pleasure, and you can hear why here. Yungblud: Strawberry LipstickYungblud is the pop star we need right now, a fizzy sherbert amphetamine grenade bursting with joy, unruly energy and mischief. Listen to these artists and more on Spotify MORE : Billie Eilish to make history as she headlines Glastonbury Pyramid Stage MORE : Glastonbury is officially open! Michael Eavis welcomes festival goers at gate while Emily Eavis shares nod to headliner Sir Paul McCartney