Dominic Raab was accused of sexism this afternoon after he winked at Angela Rayner as they went head-to-head at Prime Minister’s Questions. The two, deputising for Boris Johnson and Keir Starmer, clashed over the cost of living and whether it was time for the PM to step down. But Mr Raab attracted criticism from some when he made the ‘patronising’ gesture. It came when he accused her of ‘champagne socialism’, saying she was at the opera while rail workers were striking. The comment was in response to Deputy Labour Leader Ms Rayner quoting Mr Raab’s past view that people who use food banks ‘simply have a cash flow problem’. She added: ‘He doesn’t. He spent over a million pounds in nine months on private jets, it shows how out of touch this Government is. ‘At this rate, by 2030 a million more people will be using food banks. How many more working people will be pushed into poverty by his Prime Minister before he says enough is enough?’ The Deputy Prime Minister replied: ‘If the Labour Party, if she wants to help working people, they should be clear in standing up against these militant, reckless strikes.’ He accused Ms Rayner of having ‘flip-flopped’ in her position on the strikes, adding: ‘She talks about working people. Where was she when the comrades were on the picket line last Thursday? Where was she when the Labour frontbench were joining them rather than standing up for the public? ‘She was at the Glyndebourne music festival sipping champagne, listening to opera. Champagne socialism is back in the Labour Party.’ The exchange was quickly picked up by people watching, with campaign group Best for Britain calling it ‘the most disturbing, sexist part of today’s PMQs’. Meanwhile Labour MP Toby Perkins responded: ‘I will never unsee Dominic Raab’s wink from the despatch box at Angela Rayner. I feel soiled.’ Ms Rayner responded to Mr Raab by asking: ‘Where was the honourable member when (during) the situation in Afghanistan? ‘On a sun lounger, that’s where. I’ll take no lectures from the honourable member when it comes to doing your job.’ Elsewhere in the session, she asked: ‘When will the Deputy Prime Minister finally grow a backbone and tell the Prime Minister the game is up?’ And on the Conservative record, she added: ‘An exceptional record on stagnant wages, rising poverty and broken promises, and the Prime Minister wants to drag this out until 2030, and how much more can he stomach before finds the guts, how many more tax rises, how many more families (driven) into poverty and how many manifesto pledges broken.’ Mr Raab replied: ‘I can’t help thinking (she) is auditioning for the leadership contest on that side, not really referring to anything on this side. ‘We’re putting in place the policies to grow our economy … we’re putting in place the economic plan to help people with the cost of living, the Labour leader is getting ready for year zero. We’re the ones supporting Ukraine with sanctions on Russia, with military support.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.