Kate Garraway has revealed her husband Derek Draper has had a spate of hospital visits in recent weeks, leaving her feeling ‘exhausted’. The Good Morning Britain presenter has become primary carer for the former political lobbyist, who fell into a coma after being diagnosed with Covid in March 2020. Derek, 56, was released from hospital last year but his progress has been gradual. On Sunday, Kate, 56, shared an insight into his health battle and revealed the impact it’s had on her. ‘So Derek has been in and out of hospital a lot recently -hopefully the wonderful health teams will help him improve but I woke up early feeling exhausted & very fretful,’ she wrote alongside an Instagram video of her tending to flowers in her garden. Kate continued: ‘As you know my garden is my #happyplace so came out for some #calm and to get stuck in to some weeding & planting. It’s been ages since have been able to & I really missed it but nature hasn’t me. ‘The flowers are blooming, fruits growing , leaves dancing in the breeze. Am sure there’s a message in there somewhere for how life finds a way , and I certainly feel better for being in amongst it. Now to get my hands dirty & get stuck in! #happysundayeveryone and hope you find some joy!’ In April, Kate was forced to miss appearing on GMB to deal with unspecified ‘urgent’ situations at home. That month, she was given an emotional surprise when she met and embraced a nurse who she discovered had cared for her husband Derek in hospital. Over the past year, Kate has released two documentaries – Finding Derek and Caring For Derek – giving the public an insight into his recovery and what it’s been like for her looking after him since his return home. In Caring For Derek, the presenter showed how she secretly flew Derek over to Mexico for specialist treatment after he suffered organ damage as the result of his illness. He was due to return to Mexico for a month-long stint in March, but Kate has not revealed whether this took place or how it went. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Andy Carroll shares loved-up snap from honeymoon with new wife Billi Mucklow, following stag do scandal MORE : Charlize Theron ditches trademark blonde locks and debuts glam black hairdo in dramatic transformation 