The Queen has been spotted for the first time at her Platinum Jubilee celebrations as she steps out onto the balcony of Buckingham Palace. She watched the cavalry on their return to the palace after marching at Trooping the Colour to mark Her Majesty’s official birthday. The Royal Standard flag has now been raised at the palace to indicate the Queen is in residence. The ceremony takes place annually and has done for more than 260 years – but this year’s parade was extra special to mark the monarch’s 70 years on the throne. The 1st Battalion, Irish Guards, and more than 1,200 officers and soldiers from the Household Division put on a display of military pageantry on Horse Guards Parade – joined by furry mascot Seamus. Her first appearance is ahead of the traditional Royal Family balcony photo – one of the most anticipated moments of the Bank Holiday weekend so far. But Prince Harry, Meghan and Prince Andrew are not expected to appear after the Queen limited the line-up to working royals only. It’s the young royals of the group who stole the show after Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis arrived at the event in a horse-drawn carriage. They were seen waving to cheering crowds while sitting opposite mum Kate Middleton and step-gran Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall. Charlotte, dressed in a cornflower blue dress, appeared to push Louis’s hand down at one point and squinted in the morning sunshine as the carriage left Buckingham Palace. Senior royals are thought to have watched the event ringside from the Major General’s Office, overlooking the parade in Whitehall. Despite the excitement, the kick off to the Platinum Jubilee celebrations has not come without its dramas. Scenes of ‘bedlam’ have been described in central London, with royal fans warned to ‘stay away’ within minutes of the start of Trooping the Colour as all the viewing areas were full. Thousands of people descended on the Mall in the sunshine to take in the once-in-a-lifetime display. Although some people managed to grab a coveted spot at the front, many were left disappointed had to go and watch the event elsewhere. Then activists from Animal Rebellion tried to block Trooping the Colour by vaulting fences next to the Mall. They managed to get into the road with placards and one wearing a crown before being dramatically tackled to the ground by security. The vegan protesters accused the monarchy of having a ‘Royal disregard for all life’, as they called for the rewilding of the crown’s land. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.