Katie Price has given her followers a glimpse at her sister’s wedding, where she and her two daughters acted as bridesmaids. The former glamour model, 44, took to Instagram to share a series of photos and videos from her sister Sophie’s big day, as she married fiancé Harry Brooks. Katie was seen looking glamorous with her hair in loose waves as she sat next to her mum Amy at the reception, before panning the camera over to daughter Princess, 14, who was tucking into a cone of fish and chips. Both Katie and Princess were seen wearing matching navy blue bridesmaid dresses, as well as her youngest daughter Bunny, seven. Princess was seen leading Bunny to the dance floor to party with their grandad, Katie’s stepdad Paul, and their brother Junior Andre, 17. Junior, who recently released his first single Slide, was seen rocking a sharp suit as he and Bunny performed the dance moves and lip-synced along to the track at the reception. Katie’s fiancé Carl Woods, 33, was not visible in any of her footage amid rumours Sophie had ‘banned’ him from attending. Sophie reportedly uninvited the car dealer from her wedding after he was charged with threatening and abusive behaviour, but with the charges being dropped earlier this month, Katie had hoped Sophie would change her mind. However, sources claimed that Sophie wanted to avoid the possibility of any ‘drama’ completely by leaving him off the guestlist. Katie had earlier shared the family’s visit to the bridal shop for their final fitting, and had also helped organise Sophie’s hen do too. It comes amid rumours Katie asked Sophie to bring her wedding day forward by two days so she was able to attend ahead of her sentencing for breaching a restraining order. Katie is due to appear in court on Friday after pleading guilty to breaching a restraining order by sending ex Kieran Hayler text messages about his fiancée Michelle Penticost. The mother-of-five had been given a five-year restraining order in June 2019 preventing her from contacting Michelle either directly or indirectly following an altercation outside their children’s school. A source told The Sun: ‘[Katie] looked proud as punch as they arrived at the church — smiling for the cameras and nothing like a woman who could be living in a cell in two days’ time. ‘[Katie] even brought a film crew along with her, typically, so she’s obviously not too alarmed. ‘But she was hell-bent on being at Sophie’s wedding and they’ve been enjoying quality time together in the build-up.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price bankruptcy court hearing over £3,200,000 debt delayed until 2023 MORE : Katie Price’s fiance Carl Woods still ‘uninvited’ to her sister Sophie’s wedding to avoid ‘any drama’ 