Russia ‘will be ready to listen’ if the UK appeals the death sentence given to two British fighters captured in Ukraine, the Kremlin said. Aiden Aslin and Sean Pinner, along with Moroccan national Brahim Saadoun, were told they would be executed by firing squad last week for allegedly fighting as mercenaries for Ukraine. They were tired in what the UK has called ‘sham’ proceedings held in the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic held by Russia-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Russia has previously said that it is not for them to decide what happens, as it was not their court. However, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov has now acknowledged that Russia does have influence over the issue, though insisted they would not be the ones to formally hear the appeal. He claimed that neither Moscow nor the pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine who passed the sentence had heard from London about it. But they would be ready to consider a UK appeal over the fate of the two Britons, he said. ‘You need to apply … to the authorities of the country whose court passed the verdict, and that is not the Russian Federation,’ Peskov said. ‘But, of course, everything will depend on appeals from London. ‘And I am sure that the Russian side will be ready to listen.’ Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said yesterday that the best route to secure the men’s release was ‘through the Ukrainians’, but added that she would do ‘whatever it takes’. Separatist authorities said all three had a month to appeal their sentence. The UK does not recognise the Donetsk People’s Republic as a state independent of Ukraine, so may be reluctant to engage with authorities there as it could be seized as an example of international recognition. Kyiv has pledged to try to secure the men’s release through a prisoner swap with Russia. Family and friends have rubbished claims that the two British fighters were mercenaries. They were also sentenced for terrorism, committing a crime as part of a criminal group, and forcible seizure of power or forcible retention of power. Mr Aslin, 28, and Mr Pinner, 48, were captured in Mariupol fighting alongside the Ukrainian army, which they were both fully enlisted in. Under the terms of the Geneva Convention, they should be entitled to combatant immunity as legitimate soldiers registered with a recognised army. The three on trial ‘pleaded guilty’ to a number of charges, but family don’t believe this was a free confession. Mr Pinner, a former British Army soldier who served in Northern Ireland and Bosnia, joined the Ukrainian army in 2018. He is also married to a Ukrainian woman and has lived in the country for several years. When he spoke to Sky while on the frontline in January, he said: ‘I have got every right to be here… it’s taken me a long time to integrate here, so the guys know I’m not a war tourist or war junkie.’ Mr Aslin, from Newark in Nottinghamshire, was also living in Ukraine and serving in its army for several years before the invasion. Russian media has given a deadline of a month for an appeal to be lodged. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.