If you’re an aspiring writer, you’ve likely dreamed of having your very own writerly retreat to pen your novels, away from the buzz of the city and surrounded by nature. Sea Tree House in Lyme Regis, Dorset, is that dream come true – and it has a history that want-to-be writers will love. That history: Jane Austen stayed in the Grade II listed property in 1804, during its time as a boarding house, and its thought the iconic views over Cobb may have inspired Persuasion. Now, the house is up for sale, with an asking price of £1.5million. Sea Tree House is currently arranged as three apartments, with the owners living in the top one and using the lower two as holiday lettings. The property used to serve as a gentleman’s residence in the mid-1800s, before being turned into a boarding house. In 1998, the current owners bought it, and carried out an extensive renovation to make it snazzy enough for a modern stay. It still has a bunch of character features, though, including large bay windows, high ceilings, panelled doors, ornate cornices and original fireplaces. There’s 2,680 foot of accommodation, with the two holiday lets made up of a sitting/dining room with a bay window, a kitchen, and a bedroom with an en suite shower room, and the top apartment spread over two floors, with a kitchen, bedroom, and bathroom on one and an open-plan principal bedroom (with a spa bath, dressing room, and a balcony), on top. There’s outdoor space; a large rear garden with a conservatory and a shed, and a nearby parking space. And the location is pretty special – the house sits in the town centre, but in a quiet and peaceful tucked away position, with views of the sea front. Martin Bowen-Ashwin, from estate agents Stags, said: ‘Lyme Regis is a beautiful Regency town on the Jurassic Coast. It’s like a film set with all the lovely old period buildings. ‘Lyme Regis also famous for the Cobb and Sea Tree House overlooks that. ‘This is a real lifestyle opportunity to love in a wonderful house in a stunning location and generate a good income for yourself too.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Cat saved six people’s lives when devastating fire tore through house MORE : Woman builds adorable DIY outdoor libraries featuring books by people of colour MORE : Two-bedroom house on sale for £250,000 has something mysterious on the sofa