How much do you reckon you spend on shaving or waxing? Hair removal can be expensive and time-consuming. So why not banish stubble for good with an at-home IPL machine? The Braun IPL Silk Expert Pro 5 is a safe, fast, and effective way to remove hair, with tests showing permanent visible hair reduction from just four weeks of use. Using targeted light flashes, simply sweep it over your skin to zap the follicles and stop unwanted hair growth. The Silk Expert Pro 5 is the world’s most efficient IPL machine, clinically accredited by the Skin Health Alliance for use by men and women alike. Not only that, it’s on offer with Amazon for a limited time. Normally this device would cost you £659.99, but today you can get your hands on it for just £320.49. That’s a discount of 51% and over £300. As well as the device, you’ll get a wide head, a precision head, a Venus razor for touch-ups, and a premium pouch to carry it all in – not bad at all for silky-smooth skin all year round. Many people are wary of home hair removal, expecting pain or complicated controls. However, the Silk Expert Pro uses a SensoAdapt sensor to alter the intensity of the flashes so they suit your skin tone. It’s also the fastest IPL on the market, and you can do both of your lower legs in as little as five minutes. With 40,000 guaranteed flashes, that’s up to 22 years hair-free (with no lamp replacement required). It’s worth noting that IPL doesn’t suit all skin and hair types. Those with very dark skin or blonde, grey, or red hair may find that it’s not an effective method, so do your research before investing. If you think it’s right for you, though, it could save you decades of razor burn – and cash to boot. Buy the Braun IPL Silk Expert Pro 5 PL5223 on Amazon now. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What to do if someone you’re dating just isn’t making enough effort MORE : In need of a dehumidifier? These are the best ones to buy now