Wimbledon 2022 serves up its first round of matches today (June 27), with tennis aces from around the world competing to win the top prize. British hopefuls Emma Raducanu and Andy Murray will pick up their rackets in the hopes of bringing home the coveted Wimbledon Trophy. But when will they compete? Here’s everything you need to know about their first rounds, and when they could play after. Emma Raducanu, the current British Number One, will return to Wimbledon this year as a Grand Slam champion for the first time in her career. Raducanu will face Alison van Uytvanck in her opening match of the 2022 tournament that will take place today, June 27 at 3.30pm on the Centre Court. You can watch the 19-year-old star compete on BBC One, via the BBC Sports website, or listen to live coverage on BBC Radio 5. Raducanu made her Wimbledon debut last year, making the fourth round before having to concede against Ajla Tomljanovic due to breathing difficulties. She went on to make history by becoming the first-ever qualifier to win a Grand Slam, winning the US Open without dropping a set. This will be Raducanu’s first match after three separate injuries have seen her retire from games in 2022. If she wins the first round, Radacanu could go on to play again on either Wednesday, June 29, or Thursday, June 30, for the second round of the women’s singles. The third round will take place on both Friday, July 1, and Saturday, July 2, and the fourth round will happen on Monday, July 3, and Tuesday, July 4. If she gets through to the quarter-finals, Radacanu will play on either Wednesday, July 5, or Thursday, July 6, before the semi-finals on Thursday, July 7. The women’s singles final is scheduled at 12pm on Saturday, July 9. Two-time Wimbledon champion and former world number one Andy Murray will compete for the golden trophy once more. This year, his first-round match against Australia’s James Duckworth at 4.45pm on the Centre Court on Monday, June 27. Murray reached the third round of Wimbledon last year as a wildcard, losing out to 10th-seed Denis Shapovalov. If he wins his first round, Murray could compete again in the men’s singles rounds Wednesday, June 29, or Thursday, June 30. Like the women’s singles, the third round will take place on both Friday, July 1, and Saturday, July 2, and the fourth round will happen on Monday, July 3, and Tuesday, July 4. If he gets through to the quarter-finals, Murray will play on either Wednesday, July 5, or Thursday, July 6, before the semi-finals on Thursday, July 7. The men’s singles finals will take place on the last day of the tournament at 9am on Sunday, July 10. He has vowed to donate any prize money he earns from this year’s Wimbledon to the victims of the Ukraine war. MORE : Who won Wimbledon 2021? MORE : When is Wimbledon 2022 and how to watch the tennis competition in the UK? Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below 