Plane passengers who heard they ‘may not’ end on the tarmac while making an emergency landing in Australia have told how they frantically texted out last goodbyes to their loved ones. The Qantas flight from Sydney to Tamworth, New South Wales, was forced to turn around soon after take-off on Sunday after the pilot detected a problem with the jet’s hydraulics. He then took to the tannoy to announce that the aircraft was experiencing ‘technical issues’ without clarifying further, according to passengers, leaving them feeling ‘highly nervous and anxious’. Tensions escalated when he revealed he would be forced to make an emergency landing on the way back into the airport. One passenger, giving his name only as Jesse, told Australia’s Daily Telegraph on Tuesday that panic started to develop after a second plane officer made a bungled attempt to reassure them. He said: ‘She was attempting to be more reassuring than the captain and had advised that we would be landing on the longest runway in Australia and that the weather was perfect in Sydney. ‘She reiterated that we were having problems with hydraulic fluids and advised that we may or “may not end up on the runway after landing”. The crew then started to look ‘very worried’, as did many passengers, he added. Jessie continued: ‘I was literally expecting to belly dump without landing gear at Sydney airport so had sent out a couple of last messages to people. ‘The lady beside me had done the same.’ Another passenger told Australian broadcaster 7News he began ‘praying’, and saw several other people doing the same. Despite their fears, the plane reportedly made a smooth landing and was immediately attended to by emergency crews. Qantas insists that there was never any risk that the plane might land short or long of the runway. A spokesperson for the airline said: ‘Passengers were informed that the aircraft may need to be towed to the gate after landing due to the hydraulic issue. At no point was the aircraft at risk of not stopping on the runway. ‘We understand this would have been a very unsettling experience for our passengers and sincerely thank them for their cooperation throughout the flight.’ The passengers were said to have been given free meals and accommodation and had their flights rebooked to Monday morning. The aircraft has since been cleared for travel. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.