Listening to Elvis’s Burning Love while walking through the meditation garden where he is buried at Graceland really gets me. Whether it’s in spite of – or because of – the queue of sombre, ageing fans around me, I can’t say. But I feel something. Like many of us, I didn’t know Elvis was alive until he was dead. But Baz Luhrmann’s vaunted new biopic prompts me to get under the cape-clad skin of the King and his beautiful, broken American dreams and visit the place that made him: Memphis, Tennessee. This city locks your heart and stomach in a not-altogether-healthy hug until you’re smitten. From the artery-busting food and that deep-fried drawl to the civil rights history (Martin Luther King Jr was assassinated here) and blues, rock and soul legacy, it continues to perpetuate its history, warts and all. I begin with a country-fried steak under the neon lights of the Arcade. The ‘boy’ loved to eat peanut butter and banana sandwiches here, sitting in a booth near the exit.  It’s here I meet Tad, who runs American Dream Safari, a driving tour through Memphis’s mighty music history. Our ride? A 1955 Cadillac Fleetwood (Elvis’s favourite car). The King lived in a time of segregation but was hot for the blacks-only blues.  He’d sneak downtown to the immigrant melting pot of Beale Street, where touring black musicians would – and still – play. We look in at Lansky Bros, a clothes store where Elvis and others had cheap, flashy outfits made to emulate their blues heroes. A drive past Elvis’s high school and some spit-and-sawdust blues bars ends at Sun Studio, where he was discovered by Sam Phillips (tickets £12.30 from the Sun Studio website). The shrewd producer knew that if he could bridge the gap between the black blues and a white audience, money was to be made. Rock ’n’ roll – that meeting of country, rhythm ’n’ blues and a dashing bad boy – was spawned. I listen to Elvis’s original tunes in a space that still makes music today. I’m staying in the apartment where Elvis grew up from the age of 13. Done up all 1950s, with a working 1951 fridge and vintage furniture throughout, it’s part of an upmarket estate called Lauderdale Courts. The Presleys moved here with next to no possessions. Elvis had the bigger of the two rooms and would jump out of the window to sneak down to Beale Street. I slept in his bedroom – a great place to contemplate his humble beginnings and how they affected his prodigious spending in later years. A few hours in the Rock And Soul museum the next day (tickets £10.60, from the museum’s website) sets things up nicely for the denouement: Graceland (entry from £36, from its website). I stroll through the house, which is not as big as I’d expected. I enter the neoclassical facade and find I’m in a hallway that divides two lounge spaces. A paean to 1970s style, it’s all white pianos, stained-glass windows and heavy-shag carpets. Downstairs, I see Elvis’s cutting-edge Media Room (he loved TV – 14 sets are around the house), which shows off his prodigious record collection. The Pool Room next door is clad in 350 yards of multicoloured paisley fabric. The excellent iPad audio guide describes how Elvis and his entourage – the Memphis Mafia – would hang out there till the early hours. The highlight is the ludicrous Jungle Room at the back of the house. Green carpet longer than grass, an indoor waterfall and a lacquered trunk-slice table really smash the theme. Elvis loved it and would offer jamming and recording sessions here. Upstairs – the location of the infamous toilet – is out of bounds. Out of respect, but also because his former wife Priscilla still stays in the mansion. I’m outdoors now and lining up to pay my respects. I have a sense of the man behind those famous shades and I understand why someone such as Donna, in front of me, takes 21 weeks out of her year to attend Elvis festivals around America. The man’s magnetic allure rests in the contrast of his character: a gravelly gravitas is met by the generosity and fragility of a visible inner child. I tell Donna how I’m feeling after visiting his grave. ‘There’s no need to be sad, dahh-lin,’ she replies. ‘The King is alive!’ Three-hour tour with American Dream Safari, £165 for up to four people, from Facebook. For more info, go to Memphis Travel. Getting there: BA flies to Memphis indirectly from London from £698 return, from BA. One night at Elvis’s former apartment, which sleeps up to four from £205pn, book via +1-901-523-8662. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Elvis: UK release date, cast, trailer of new Baz Luhrmann movie MORE : Blogger reveals the struggles of travelling when you’re plus-size