The Duchess of Sussex has urged men to be ‘vocal’ with their anger about the repeal of Roe v Wade in the US, revealing Prince Harry’s response to the news was ‘guttural’. Meghan Markle, 40, has said the Supreme Court’s decision to roll back abortion rights tells women they ‘don’t matter, but we do’. She has told devastated Americans to not ‘wallow’ but instead ‘band together’ and fight the ruling. In a conversation with activist Gloria Steinem, 88, and journalist Jessica Yellin for Vogue, she also revealed she still has hope for a better future. Warning the decision would impact ‘relationships, families and communities at large’, Meghan said: ‘They may target women, but the consequences impact all of us. My husband and I talked about that a lot over the past few days. He’s a feminist too.’ Gloria chipped in, saying she could ‘testify to that’, having first met the Duke of Sussex at a gathering for people’s rights. Meghan continued: ‘And his reaction last week was guttural, like mine. I know that for so many women right now, there is a sentiment of despair. But again, we have to band together and not wallow. We have to do the work.’ The day after the ruling, Gloria vowed to welcome women travelling to New York for abortions to stay in her guest room. Her offer came following an illegal abortion she had aged 22 after she tried to throw herself down the stairs when she found out she was pregnant. Mum-of-two Meghan noted that Vogue was speaking to two women – one who ‘chose to give birth happily, and one who chose not to give birth happily’. ‘And we’re both prospering because we were able to make our own choices’, she said. In a reference to her miscarriage in 2020, the former actress said it was important to normalise conversation about ’the things that affect our lives and bodies’. ‘This is about women’s physical safety,’ she said. ‘It’s also about economic justice, individual autonomy, and who we are as a society. Nobody should be forced to make a decision they do not want to make, or is unsafe, or puts their own life in jeopardy.’ But she said she ‘always looks at things with the undercurrent of hope’, saying people who see injustice have a choice and should ask ‘what can I do to get us to the other side of this?’ Gloria told the magazine Meghan was her ‘chosen family’ after they became friends when the duchess discovered they lived close-by and approached her in 2020. She said the royal couple speaking out on the issue of abortion was ‘very, very, very important’ as the public ‘trust them’. It comes as experts caution the consequences of overturning the landmark case will be ‘dire’ and angry protests are sparked across the US and UK. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.