The prime minister said he had a ‘good old chinwag’ with Prince Charles today while they were both in Rwanda. But Boris Johnson didn’t touch on whether they had discussed the controversial government policy to send asylum seekers to Rwanda – despite previously saying he would bring it up with him. Prince Charles reportedly called the plan ‘appalling’, saying he did not like the government’s ‘direction of travel’. In a press conference from the east-central African country this afternoon, Mr Johnson brushed off any differences of opinion, though he declined to discuss the content of their talk. Asked whether he discussed the asylum policy with the heir to the throne, Mr Johnson said: ‘I don’t discuss conversations either with Her Majesty the Queen or with the heir to the throne. ‘You wouldn’t expect that.’ He added: ‘It was a good old chinwag and we certainly covered a lot of ground and there’s no doubt that when you look at, what you can certainly take away from what the prince said today in his opening address to the summit, is that everyone can see the huge, huge progress that Rwanda has made.’ The first flight removing people to Rwanda was due to take off last week, but was grounded by successful legal challenges ahead of a full hearing on the scheme’s legality in UK courts. The policy is one element of a £120 million economic deal with Kigali, but has been widely criticised in part because of concerns about Rwanda’s human rights record. Mr Johnson had previously suggested he would stress the ‘obvious merits’ of the policy and urge Prince Charles to be open minded. The comments had appeared to frustrate royal aides, who held talks with No 10 before Mr Johnson toned down his language. The Prime Minister and Charles smiled for the cameras before their talks, which lasted 15 minutes and took place with no aides or advisers in the room. It was their first meeting since it was reported that Prince Charles had made private remarks criticising the policy. In a series of earlier interviews, Mr Johnson struck out at ‘condescending’ opponents of his stalled scheme to forcibly remove migrants who arrive through unauthorised means to Rwanda. He said: ‘People need to keep an open mind about the policy, the critics need to keep an open mind about the policy. A lot of people can see its obvious merits. ‘So yeah, of course, if I am seeing the prince tomorrow, I am going to be making that point.’ Mr Johnson and Charles met on the fringes of the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) conference. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.