Vladimir Putin ‘hits the Botox quite heavily’ and looks like ‘he is trying to embalm himself while he’s still alive’, a defence and security analyst has suggested. Professor Michael Clarke, a King’s College London war studies fellow, said that while there is ‘no convincing evidence’ the Russian president is seriously ill, he is constantly surrounded by ‘a little team of doctors’. He was asked about Putin’s health during a Sky News Q&A amid reports speculating about the Kremlin leader’s puffy face and seemingly unsteady appearance at meetings, where he has been seen trembling or gripping the table in apparent pain. Professor Clarke said of the tyrant: ‘On October 7, he will be 70. He is known to hit the Botox quite heavily. ‘I always say that he is trying to embalm himself while he’s still alive – he does take a lot of Botox. ‘He moves around with doctors. There’s known to be a little team of doctors who are never far away, and it’s said that he leaves meetings at frequent intervals to go and consult with somebody. ‘I suspect that he’s only a hypochondriac, to be honest.’ Putin’s health has been the subject of intense rumour and speculation since he decided to launch his devastating invasion of Ukraine on February 24. Unconfirmed reports have suggested the 69-year-old has cancer, with an FSB officer claiming he has ‘no more than two to three years to stay alive’. Putin was said to have needed ‘urgent medical assistance’ after falling ill following a phone call with military chiefs. He was seen coughing and huddling under a heavy blanket during May’s Victory Day parade in Moscow’s Red Square. Footage from February also showed him appearing to shake uncontrollably during a meeting with Belarusian leader and close ally Alexander Lukashenko, fuelling rumours he has Parkinson’s disease. Most recently, his legs have appeared to buckle beneath him as he gave a speech at an awards ceremony. Other reports have suggested the tyrant may already be using body doubles in a bid to mask his ill health. Professor Clarke went on: ‘Has he got cancer, has he got pancreatic cancer, has he got Parkinson’s disease? ‘When you see him in these clips that we’re seeing increasingly frequently now Covid is over and he’s coming out of the shadows, where he’s been for over two years, and he’s making it clear he’s in control, he looks alright. ‘I’ve spoken to a number of people who have said you cannot detect Parkinson’s disease from the way he walks, you cannot detect symptoms of cancer just by looking at the photographs. ‘These stories will circulate, but there’s no convincing evidence.’ And what if he is secretly ill? Professor Clarke suggested it ‘would be one way out for Russia’. But even if Putin stood down, he would likely be replaced by national security chief Nikolai Patrushev, ‘who is every bit as nasty’. He added: ‘But at least it would be a change of face, which the West might be able to do something with.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.