The bereaved families of people who took their own lives have shared the last photos taken of their loved ones in an effort to spread awareness on mental health. Steffan Rees, 26, was pictured with his baby niece atop his shoulders, smiling as he attempted to teach her the words to a nursery rhyme. His sister described him as ‘the life and soul of the party’ who ‘lit up the room’ with his presence, but unbeknown to his family, he was struggling with mental health. ‘I couldn’t have asked for a better brother. He was only 26, had a loving family, beautiful girlfriend, and didn’t say anything about having any mental health issues,’ she told WalesOnline. A heartbroken Sian was determined to help support people affected by suicide and so with widows Lisa and Ana set up a support group called Living in Suicide Shadow (LISS). Together, the women work to ‘break the isolation’ experienced by many in the wake of loss and organise meetings and activities with others going through the same thing. They have now teamed up with suicide prevention charity Campaign Against Living Miserably (CALM) who aim to highlight there isn’t a ‘face of suicide’ with their new project The Last Photo. The exhibition, at London’s Southbank, featured 50 smiling photos taken in the last days of people who took their own lives. Steffan’s photo is among those showcased, alongside Ana’s husband Lee and Lisa’s husband Peter. The picture of Lee, 41, was taken on a day out with friends in Pembrokeshire which was filled with ‘plenty of laughter. ‘At one point Lee had all the kids shoeless crossing the stream in the cold April,’ Ana recalled. ‘Never in a million years would any of us believe that he would be gone less than a couple of months later. ‘Our children were only six and nine when he died. He loved them to bits and was always with them.’ Not long after her husband’s death, Ana met Lisa through a doctor who worked heavily within suicide prevention campaigns. Lisa’s husband Peter is pictured pulling a funny face while the couple celebrated their 33rd wedding anniversary just three months before they died. Upon seeing the image on London’s Southbank, where they had once shared many memories, Lisa immediately began to cry. ‘To see the exhibition was overwhelming: a sea of beautiful faces both young and old, male and female, under the leafy canopy of trees along the Southbank,’ Lisa said. ‘Hard to believe all these happy smiley people had died by suicide.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.