The Boys star Antony Starr has addressed the incident he was involved in earlier this year, when he was arrested following an assault. In March, it was reported that the 46-year-old actor from New Zealand had assaulted a 21-year-old chef while drunk at a pub in the city of Alicante. Now that season 3 of his hit Amazon Prime Video superhero series has premiered, Starr has opened up about what occurred, having pleaded guilty in a local court, being given a 12-month suspended sentence and ordered to pay a fine of around $5,500 (£4,400). Speaking about what happened a few months later, describing the incident as a ‘personal issue’, he said: ‘You mess up. You own it. You learn from it. You move forward.’ Starr refrained from going into too much detail on what occurred, telling The New York Times that there was ‘not much point in me re-litigating facts’, before adding: ‘They’re out there. They’ve been said. I’ve got nothing to add to that.’ Emphasising that he is someone that ‘believes in accountability and responsibility’, he stated: ‘I got myself into a situation that was negative and I reacted poorly, and the way forward from that was very clear. ‘It was quite simply to take ownership of it, which I do, and then really learn from it and move forward.’ In The Boys, Starr plays Homelander, the strongest superhero in the world who is perceived by the public as a hero, but is far less benevolent behind the scenes. Last year, the actor won two Critics Choice Awards for his performance as the sadistic hero, earning the gongs for best actor in a superhero series and best villain in a series. At the time of Starr’s arrest, a spokesperson for Spain’s National Police said in a statement: ‘I can confirm a 46-year-old man was arrested following an incident at a pub in Alicante around 2.30am on March 2.’ They continued: ‘He was held on suspicion of wounding. He has spent two nights in police cells and is due to appear in court later today. ‘Another man suffered a cut near his left eyebrow which required four stitches. Only the one arrest was made.’ The Boys season 3 is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Boys season 3, the story behind that hell-raising penis scene: ‘I remember feeling very scared for men’ MORE : The Boys: Will there be a season 4? Everything we know so far 