Matthew Wright has criticised the lavish ongoing festivities for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, while many in the UK are struggling with the cost of living crisis. Matthew, 56, joined Gyles Brandreth, 74, on This Morning as they went through the day’s biggest news stories with Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary. Of course, the Jubilee was at the top of the list, after events got underway on Thursday, with Trooping The Colour kicking everything off. However, with many more events planned in London and across the country in the coming days, broadcaster Matthew use the opportunity to air his views on the occasion. He explained to the hosts how he felt it was ‘a disgrace’ to see ‘millions’ spent on parties at a time when many members of the public have been subject to rising costs of living. Matthew said: ‘We were talking earlier and it’s wonderful and the spectacle I get, but at a time when we are haemorrhaging money as a country. ‘If you were some kind of celebrity, who’s spending loads, millions, on parties when you’re sort of bankrupt, people would be outraged and this is a disgrace. But that’s what we’re doing as a nation.’ ‘What do you think we should be doing?’ Dermot asked as Matthew replied: ‘I think it could all be scaled down just a bit.’ He concluded his rant by reminding viewers the festivities are being ‘funded by the public purse.’ While understanding his fellow panellist’s views, staunch royalist Gyles Brandreth struggled not to show his frustration. Many viewers also weren’t impressed with his remarks, taking to Twitter to share their annoyance. One wrote: ‘Oh bore off @Matthew_Wright . If you don’t want to celebrate the queen’s incredible service and platinum jubilee, something that will probably never happen again, stay at home you killjoy. The rest of us want to meet and have a good time after 2 years of lockdowns #ThisMorning.’ A viewer commented: ‘Omg shut up Matthew ffs we get it.’ Another weighed in: Matthew gods*** cant hold his hatred for the monarchy, can he. Wonder if he would turn an MBE though? You can bet he wouldn’t.’ ‘Call me crazy, but I’m getting this anti-Royal vibe off Matthew Wright… again. Yawn. It’s really subtle, so I might be imagining it, but…’ someone else shared. However, some did agree with the former The Wright Stuff host, with one weighing in: ‘Matthew Wright is trying to save you all from being brainwashed to blindly support an unelected person born into a privileged position, idiots.  #ThisMorning.’ Another added: ‘Once again thank you for a very decent try at getting a view onto UK tv that is something other than brainwashed flags***ing @Matthew_Wright #ThisMorning.’ This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Carol Vorderman throws shade at Boris Johnson after he’s booed at Platinum Jubilee service: ‘Bring your own boos’ MORE : Stacey Solomon praised for resurfaced comments on Royal Family amid Platinum Jubilee: ‘I don’t get why we’re so obsessed with these people’ 