Liverpool forward Mohamed Salah has won the Men’s PFA Players’ Player of the Year award for 2022. The 29-year-old claimed the award, that was voted for by his peers, ahead of teammates Sadio Mane and Virgil van Dijk, as well as Manchester City’s Kevin De Bruyne, Tottenham’s Harry Kane and Manchester United’s Cristiano Ronaldo. Salah scored 23 goals, sharing the Premier League Golden Boot with Son Heung-min, and made 13 assists as the Reds were pipped to the title by City. It is the Egyptian’s second such award, having also claimed the prize in 2018. ‘It’s always a great honour to win a trophy, individual or collective, and this one is pretty big so I’m very happy, very proud,’ Salah said upon collecting the award. ‘This one is a very special one to win because it’s voted for by the players. Of course I wanted the Premier League before anything else, Champions League as well, but individually it shows that you’ve worked very hard and you get what you work for. ‘I made sure I had enough space in my trophy cabinet at home for this one! I always keep a space for another trophy, Golden Boot was the same. I like to imagine that I can get another one and fill the spaces.’ Liverpool’s manager Jurgen Klopp added his congratulations to Salah, saying: ‘What I really love about this prize is it’s the one that’s voted for by the players. That’s the one prize you should be interested in. ‘With Mo it’s the numbers, scoring the most goals and having the most assists with all the things, ups and downs throughout the season. He deserves it absolutely. ‘When we first scouted him he wasn’t the goal monster he is now, so I was very excited to have the chance to work with him. He’s full of desire, he’s a work horse. Alongside Milly [James Milner] he’s the first in and the last out at training.’ Meanwhile, City’s Phil Foden claimed the Men’s PFA Young Player of the Year award ahead of Arsenal duo Bukayo Saka and Emile Smith Rowe, Chelsea’s Reece James, Crystal Palace loanee Conor Gallagher and Aston Villa’s Jacob Ramsey. MORE : Arsenal rocked as Manchester City offer Gabriel Jesus to Chelsea MORE : Chris Sutton explains how Liverpool target Darwin Nunez can live up to £85m price tag For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 