There is a risk of the re-emergence of polio infection in the UK due to low vaccination coverage in the UK, experts have warned. Data shows fewer than half of 13- to 14-year-olds had their teenage booster against the virus. Health officials declared a ‘national incident’ after an outbreak of polio was detected in sewage samples from London. It is believed there is a low risk to public health, but due to a significant drop in vaccination uptake during the pandemic it is feared the virus may begin to spread further. Professor Paul Hunter, of the University of East Anglia, told The Guardian: ‘Teenagers are not necessarily that well-protected against infection, particularly if they’ve not had the booster. ‘We’re not expecting it to give rise to paralytic cases over the coming days, but the longer it circulates the more opportunity there is for it to turn into a fully virulent polio virus again, which would be a disaster. Those places with low uptake need to urgently address it.’ Hillingdon, in west London, has the worst coverage in the country with just 35% of 13- and 14-year-olds receiving boosters. Brent saw just 38% of the age group vaccinated and Westminster, Hammersmith and Fulham, Camden, and Ealing had coverage of lower than 50%. Across England for 2020 and 2021, only 11% of local authorities had an uptake of boosters above 90%. Although the vast majority of teenagers would have been vaccinated as babies which protects against serious illness, a large uptake of the teenage booster would help prevent further spread of the virus. The virus was officially declared eradicated in the UK in 2003, and no cases have been recorded in the country since the 1990s. But can cause paralysis in rare cases and can be life-threatening, so an outbreak would be a huge concern. People have been urged to check their vaccines are up to date and doctors and healthcare workers have been told to remain alert for any potential cases of the virus. The virus in the recent samples has evolved in England and is now classified as a ‘vaccine-derived’ poliovirus type 2 (VDPV2) – which means it is weakened and has mutated over time. Dr Vanessa Saliba, a consultant epidemiologist at the UK Health Security Agency, said: ‘Vaccine-derived poliovirus is rare and the risk to the public overall is extremely low.’ But she said it does have the potential to spread, ‘particularly in communities where vaccine uptake is lower’. ‘On rare occasions it can cause paralysis in people who are not fully vaccinated so if you or your child are not up to date with your polio vaccinations it’s important you contact your GP to catch up or, if unsure, check your red book,’ she added. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.