Sex Pistols legend Glen Matlock has admitted he’s pleased to be out of the country and on tour at the moment because the ‘terrible, turgid Tories have just been getting on top of me.’ The 65-year-old rose to fame as the bassist and songwriter of the Sex Pistols alongside lead singer John Lydon (aka Johnny Rotten), guitarist Steve Jones and drummer Paul Cook. The punk group released their anti-authoritarian hit God Save The Queen in 1977 to mark the silver jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II, and while it was banned by the BBC at the time, it has since been reissued to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Asked about the monarchy and the part the royals can play in years to come, Glen  told ITV’s Good Morning Britain today: ‘I think one of the things is that, you know, how worse off we would be if (Boris) Johnson was a president, that would be even worse. ‘I’m really quite pleased to be out of England at the moment, the terrible, turgid Tories have just been getting on top of me. ‘So to be touring, as I have been, I got asked very last minute to play with Blondie, we’ve been touring over here (in the US) and I just not long got back from Mexico, it’s been really quite refreshing to do something different and step outside and see how other people see us.’ Glen, who co-wrote songs including Anarchy In The UK, Pretty Vacant and God Save The Queen, said of the famous song: ‘I think it did (shock people), you know that record that song was written in 1976, my music and Johnny Rotten’s words, I kind of subscribed to what he had at the time. ‘But I kind of think that mainly, we were just speaking our mind about things, it wasn’t really a political statement but it was just nobody particularly wanted to be kept and put in their place by the establishment. ‘And I think the reaction to it was because they were kind of afraid that people didn’t subscribe to their way of thinking.’ The track was famously banned by the BBC and narrowly missed out on the number one spot, with chart bosses refusing to list its title and record shops refusing to stock the record. The Sex Pistols’ then-label, A+M also destroyed 25,000 copies of the record, leaving just a handful left, of which 1,977 copies will be re-released on May 27.  They later signed to Virgin, and a further 4,000 copies of the Virgin re-release will also be on sale to fans. The band are also the subject of newly released Disney+ series Pistol, which aired from May 31, with a new 20-track Sex Pistols compilation also being released as a companion to the show. Speaking about Danny Boyle’s Pistol, which is based on Sex Pistols guitarist Steve Jones’s memoirs and stars Anson Boon and Maisie Williams, Glen told GMB presenters Ranvir Singh and Adil Ray: ‘I was really looking forward to seeing the movie, I wasn’t that involved with it, I wasn’t not involved with it, I was kind of involved with it. ‘And what I was promised, and the way it’s unfolded, hasn’t been quite the same thing. ‘But I did see Steve Jones and I was talking to him about it and he said, “What do you think?” and I said, “Mate you’ve got a shocking memory”‘. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Danny Boyle believes John Lydon changing his negative view on Sex Pistols biopic is ‘a long shot’: ‘We continue to pour the love at him’ MORE : Sex Pistols’ John Lydon ‘totally respects’ Queen despite strong ‘dislike’ for monarchy 