Monday’s cliffhanger kept Love Island fans on their toes, as we have two new bombshells set to enter the villa. Yep, there’s more! As tonight’s instalment saw Afia Tonkmor being the first contestant dumped from the villa, cameras moved swiftly to introduce the next set of islanders set to shake things up. Cue newcomers Jay Younger and Remi Lambert! Talking ahead of arriving at the villa, Jay, a 28-year-old investment analyst from Edinburgh believes he has ‘what most females want.’ ‘I think I am a good looking lad,’ he said. ‘I have a lot of fun so I feel like I could add a lot of value to their lives if they add a lot of value to mine.’ Meanwhile Remi, a 22-year-old model from Manchester is looking at a former Love Island couple for inspiration. ‘I am single AF!’ he said. ‘When I saw Molly [Mae Hague] and Tommy [Fury] and saw how strong they are together, I thought “I want a love like that.” Well Remi, you’re certainly in the right place! Jay and Remi’s arrival comes after Afia’s exit from the show, after Jacques O’Neill decided to couple up with paramedic Paige Thorne. Following her experience on Love Island, Afia admitted she’s learned that she can be a bit shy. ‘It takes me a bit of time to come out of my shell,’ she said. ‘But I maybe learned to put myself out there a bit more. I did learn a few things.’ Elsewhere, during tonight’s episode, Amber Beckford and Dami Hope had their first date on the tennis court. While Andrew Le Page and Luca Bish had a frosty interaction after he questioned why he wasn’t bothered about Jaques and Tasha Ghouri’s chat. Meanwhile, Ikenna Ekwonna and Indiyah Polack finally shared a smooch, and tomorrow’s preview teased trouble in paradise for Luca and Gemma Owen. Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Peter Andre ‘feels every inch of pain’ for Michael Owen after fans slam Love Island’s focus on daughter Gemma MORE : When was Mabel on Love Island, and what happened in the villa? 