Boris Johnson will send more British troops to Estonia to bolster Nato’s presence at the border with Russia. Leaders from the 30-member alliance are meeting in Madrid to thrash out plans to put 300,000 soldiers at high readiness – dramatically up from the current 40,000. Only nine Nato nations fulfil their commitment to spend at least 2% of their gross domestic product on defence, but the Prime Minister said Putin can expect ‘more Nato’, not less, as he arrived in Spain. Mr Johnson said: ‘The first lesson really from today is that if Vladimir Putin was hoping he would be getting less Nato on his western front as a result of his unprovoked, illegal invasion of Ukraine, he’s been proved completely wrong – he’s getting more Nato. ‘This is a historic summit in many ways, but we’ve already got two new members coming in, Finland and Sweden, a huge step forward for our alliance. ‘And what we’re going to be doing now is talking about what more we can do as an alliance to support the Ukrainians but what we also need to do to make sure that we think about the lessons of the last few months and the need for Nato to revise its posture on its eastern flank.’  Officials said the UK will commit land, air and sea troops to the ‘new force model’ and provide rapid reinforcements if needed. ‘We’ve already got in Estonia a very significant enhanced forward presence of two battlegroups,’ Mr Johnson told reporters earlier. ‘We’re working with premier Kaja Kallas on what we can do to be more supportive to Estonia, to help them operationally.’ Mr Johnson claims the UK will spend 2.3% this year and he will push allies to do more. He said: ‘The Nato alliance keeps our people safe every day. But over the next 10 years the threats around us are only going to grow. ‘We need allies – all allies – to dig deep to restore deterrence and ensure defence in the decade ahead. ‘The 2% was always meant to be a floor, not a ceiling, and allies must continue to step up in this time of crisis.’ Mr Johnson faces ministers and military chiefs in open revolt about the level of UK spending. The new head of the Army, General Sir Patrick Sanders, said any further cuts to the size of the British Army – which is set to shrink from a target figure of 82,000 troops to 72,500 – would be ‘perverse’. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said: ‘For too long defence has lived on a diet of smoke and mirrors, hollowed-out formations and fantasy savings when in the last few years threats from states have started to increase. ‘It is now time to signal that the peace dividend is over and investment needs to continue to grow before it becomes too late to address the resurgent threat and the lessons learned in Ukraine. It is time to mobilise, be ready and be relevant.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.