Comedian Lee Mack has revealed the Soccer Aid moment that, to him, was ‘the greatest thing that’s ever happened’. The 53-year-old is gearing up to take part in this year’s Soccer Aid on Sunday, where he will be starring in the 11th charity match alongside fellow celebrities and some of football’s living legends, including Line of Duty’s Martin Compston, Tom Grennan, Usain Bolt and Sir Mo Farah, who will all be returning. Plenty of newbies will be making their debuts too, such as comedian Alex Brooker as the event’s first-ever physically disabled participant. Last year, Mack scored the final goal of the game, which was won by the World XI team, with 3-0 against England. Mack’s goal came in the final seconds of the match after he missed two shots earlier. Reflecting on the moment, Mack told us: ‘Apart from my family, it’s the greatest thing that’s ever happened to me, it was incredible,’ but added he feels ‘no pressure’ to do the same this year ‘because the chances of scoring are so slim.’ This year, Mack jokingly added that he’s feeling ‘very unfit and old, his usual self,’ he quipped. ‘I’m usually the oldest [on the pitch] but there’s some people calling me a kid this year,’ he added, flagging that he’ll be joining the likes of Teddy Sheringham and Cafu. Elsewhere, Mack shrugged off his big moment from the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, which saw him take a major pop at Boris Johnson – who was sat in the audience. The comedian had appeared on stage, and at one point gestured to the grand Buckingham Palace gates behind him, saying: ‘We are here right outside the gates of Buckingham Palace for a party of a lifetime,’ before adding in a dig about the Prime Minister’s partygate scandal, saying: ‘Finally we can say the words party and gate and it’s a positive.’ As the crowd guffawed with laughter, Mack admitted that the joke was ad-libbed, stating: ‘That wasn’t in the autocue.’ But less than a week later, Mack has now played down the much-applauded quip, telling Metro.co.uk: ‘It was just a silly play on words.’ Not only did Mack receive immense applause from the crowds in front of him, but those watching at home jumped to social media to share their thoughts over the hilarious moment, dubbing the 53-year-old a ‘legend’ for the quip. ‘Well done to Lee Mack for the PartyGate joke,’ one person tweeted, as another wrote: ‘Lee Mack, take a bow sir! Absolutely brilliant.’ ‘Buy that man a drink,’ someone else stated, while another quipped: ‘Lee Mack’s opening salvo scored a direct hit!’ Mack later joked with us about declining to tell us more about the dig, quipping: ‘What partygate joke? It wasn’t me it was my body double.’ This year’s Soccer Aid match takes place on Sunday, June 12 2022 at the London Stadium, in the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in Stratford. During half-time, Soccer Aid co-creator Robbie Williams, 48, will perform his 1997 hit ballad Angels. Since its creation in 2006 Soccer Aid has raised more than £60million for the humanitarian organisation, which helps to provide aid to children worldwide. You can donate to Soccer Aid for UNICEF here. Soccer Aid 2022 airs Sunday (June 12) on ITV at 7.30pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : When is Soccer Aid 2022 and which celebrities are taking part? MORE : Damian Lewis recalls late wife Helen McCrory’s loving gesture during first Soccer Aid: ‘She’s with us again this year’ 