Nearly 50 years on from England’s first Pride March, the opening of a dedicated LGBTQ+ museum deemed long overdue by many. Rather than being ‘tucked away’ or ‘hidden in a back room’, the building stands proudly in Granary Square in King’s Cross, London. The UK’s first Pride March, in 1972, took place just a few miles away between Hyde Park and Trafalgar Square. The march is depicted among the photographs within the Queer Britain museum, along with other key moments spanning the UK’s LGBTQ+ history. The museum’s contents are tightly interwoven with its staff. Front of House manager Stephanie Stevens initially joined Queer Britain as a volunteer, desperate to get ‘involved in any way’. She told Metro.co.uk: ‘As a trans woman, queer identifying, this was so important to me, I wanted to get involved in any way. ‘Having an entire space dedicated to LGBTQ+ history is just amazing. ‘It’s so normal to have to be grateful to be in the background of some other space, hidden away in a back room. ‘To have our own museum is long overdue, it’s something we’ve needed for a long time. ‘We’re slap-bang in the middle of London, standing shoulder to shoulder with huge institutions.’ The aptly named ‘Welcome to Queer Britain’ display is the inagural exhibition for the museum. Lasting until July and spread over several rooms, it features key images from throughout the history of UK’s battle for LGBTQ+ rights. Section 28, the law which prohibited the ‘promotion of homosexuality’ by councils, introduced by the Thatcher Government in 1988, is featured. However images of more joyful occasions, such as the legalisation of equal marriage in England, Wales and Scotland – and later Northern Ireland – are also depicted. The exhibit also features key figures such as the late Maureen Colquhoun, the UK’s first openly lesbian MP. In her photo, she defiantly looks out at museum visitors, pictured as she marched with the Gay Defence Committee in 1997. Staff say the exhibition aims to highlight the work of so many prominent campaigners who are often omitted from, or only confined to a few sentences, in the history books. Queer Britain want the community history to be ‘preserved, explored and celebrated’. Stephanie said: ‘ On the opening day it was really moving for all of us. ‘There’s staff who have personally experienced things like Section 28 and have seen huge change over the years. Now people can see that progress in the museum.’ The museum gives hope and inspiration to many, including Stephanie. ‘For me, I identified as trans in rural Cornwall. I transitioned from the age of 12 throughout secondary school. ‘I went to a support group but it was tucked down a side street. It was hidden, we were encouraged to not be proud. ‘So to have a space where people can safely come together and celebrate the community is amazing. ‘There is still steps that need to be taken, but we are moving in the right direction.’ Thousands have passed through Queer Britain since it opened. While some have travelled from all corners of the UK to visit, others have accidentally stumbled across the space. Queer Britain’s co-founder and director, Joseph Galliano, was the driving force behind the bid to get the museum opening. His idea for such a space had been brewing since 2007, but it wasn’t until he visited the Tate Britain’s Queer British Art exhibition that his vision ramped up a notch. The former editor of the Gay Times Magazine, said he was ‘so proud’ of the achievement. He said: ‘This represents a hugely important step, as the UK opens the doors of its own national LGBTQ+ museum: the start of something beautiful. ‘We welcome all feedback from our visitors and see this opening before our debut exhibition as a real opportunity to connect with the public and what they want from the Queer Britain space so that over time we can truly shift and evolve.’ He’s backed up by a dedicated team of staff and volunteers. Queer Britain’s board of directors also includes Lisa Power, a co-founder of Stonewall, and Tom Mehrtens, the former chief operating officer of London Southbank University. The museum’s current spot  in King’s Cross is a temporary lease, made possible through a deal with the Art Fund. A ‘forever home’ is still hoped to be found later down the line, but in a similarly central location. Ahead of June, it is hoped more people can come through the museum’s door and share pride together. Stephanie added: ‘Queer Britain is a safe space for people to start coming together, especially after covid put a halt to so many things. ‘We are here to to educate everyone, the community and allies, on the history of the LGBTQ+ movement. ‘This is an inclusive space for people to visit, it’s so much more than just a building.’ The inaugural ‘Welcome To Queer Britain’ exhibition remains open until Pride weekend, closing on July 4, and a new exhibition will open in July. For more details visit Queer Britain’s website. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 