Denise Van Outen has stepped out with a new man after her devastating split from long-term partner Eddie Boxshall. The popular TV personality was spotted on what looked to be a fairly romantic date while attending the lavish Grand Prix Ball in London this week. According to the Daily Mail, the new man on her arm is Jimmy Barba, a 55-year-old property developer. It’s the first time Denise has been potentially linked to a new romance since breaking things off with her fiance Eddie six months ago. The Gogglebox stars went their separate ways in January this year after Eddie was found to be sending sexually explicit messages to other women. City trader Eddie first remained tight-lipped but later admitted to the messages, however he insisted it happened only one time after he had been drinking, and claimed other photos of women on his iPad were entirely innocent. While neither Denise nor apparent new man Jimmy have commented publicly on their links, the pair looked smitten as they graced the red carpet, posing easily for photographs, with Denise later sharing photos to Instagram. The West End star looked stunning in a glittering floor-length dress, her platinum blonde locks in loose waves to her shoulders. Date Jimmy was dashing in a smart black tuxedo complete with a black bowtie, his beard neatly trimmed as he gave a blue-steel look to the cameras. The pair beamed as they headed up the stairs to the event, Jimmy leading the TV star by the hand. On Thursday morning, Denise went Instagram official as she shared snaps from the night out, including of them posing on the red carpet and cuddling up at a black-tie dinner. Taking to her Stories, Denise wrote that Jimmy and her friends were ‘top tier dinner company.’ She later shared a decidedly coupley-looking selfie of herself and Jimmy, the entrepreneur looking over her shoulder. While not much is known about the property developer, sources told the Mail the pair have been dating for several weeks after being introduced by a mutual friend. The businessman is understood to own a London property development company and, going from photos added to his social media, is a father to a young child. Denise is mum to daughter Betsy, 11, who she shares with ex Lee Mead. In January of this year,  Denise announced the news of her split from Eddie, whom she had been in a relationship with for seven years. Denise alleged she found pictures and Instagram messages on Eddie’s iPad, detailing the affair in her new autobiography, A Bit Of Me: From Basildon To Broadway And Back. ‘Among photos was a screenshot… of a woman’s breasts – and they definitely weren’t mine!’ she wrote. ‘Also, there was a flirty text exchange between Eddie and this woman, which, of course, set off alarm bells.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Denise for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Denise Van Outen set to present series all about Britain’s obsession with the supermarket middle aisle MORE : Denise Van Outen on importance of allyship and Duncan James being her rock as she releases epic disco cover of From New York To L.A. 