Eurovision is likely to be organised by the BBC if Ukraine decides to ‘resign’ the chance of hosting the event, according to the president of Spain’s state broadcaster RTVE. Eurovision fever stormed the continent last month, with the latest edition of the song contest attracting 189 million streams. It was won by Ukrainian act Kalush Orchestra, who rose up the leaderboard with their track Stefania, just weeks after the nation was invaded by Russia. But with the UK coming second for the first time in years, after Sam Ryder’s momentous efforts, many fans believe it will be up to the runners-up to put on the show next year. With doubts over whether Ukraine will have the capacity to host, the chairman of Spanish state broadcaster RTVE, Manuel Pérez Tornero, has admitted he thinks the BBC ‘will organise it’ if the winning nation is unable to. Speaking to Spanish newspaper Faro de Vigo, Pérez Tornero said: We don’t want to be left with the mirage of a good result. We are going to go out to win next time. We were also interested in organising [Eurovision 2023]. ‘But if Ukraine resigns, it will be the BBC that organises it. It comes after Eurovision fans already noticed that the OVO Hydro in Glasgow has slots missing for May, around the time Eurovision would normally occur. The venue has listed the Magic Mike arena tour on 25 April, Andre Rieu on May 27th and Ozzy Osbourne: No More Tours 2 on 4 June, but currently nothing else in the month of May. Ukraine’s Minister of Culture and Information Oleksandr Tkachenko recently said that he is confident that the country will host Eurovision next year after the nation’s victory. Speaking at the Ukraine Media Centre, he said: ‘We have no doubt that it should take place in Ukraine. The only thing is that no one has held Eurovision during the war… ‘We are now looking for answers with colleagues to the most important conditions set by the EBU, but I think we will have to explain that some conditions need to be changed.’ When asked about President Volodymyr Zelensky’s claim that Eurovision will be hosted in Ukraine Kalush Orchestra star Oleh Psiuk said: ‘If the President said it’s going to happen, it’s going to happen. ‘We’ll host Eurovision in a newly rebuilt and happy Ukraine.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted the EBU and BBC for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island episode 8 review: Trouble in paradise for Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti while Gemma Owen’s Freudian slip hailed TV gold MORE : Love, Victor cast celebrate Pride at 50 and what it means to them: ‘It’s about celebrating who you are’ 