The government is set to tear up trade union legislation which prevents companies from strike-busting with hired labour. Ministers have reportedly signed off a change that would allow businesses to draft in agency staff to cover for employees taking part in industrial action. The move is designed to limit the impact of walkouts ahead of a building wave of strikes across the economy. A statutory instrument is expected to be laid before parliament this week putting the change into law, The Times reports. The new rules will not be in place in time to lessen the impact of this week’s RMT strike, which will bring much of the network grinding to a halt. The paper quoted a ‘friend’ of business secretary Kwasi Kwarteng, who is spearheading the plans, as saying: ‘With trade union chiefs champing at the bit to wreak havoc this summer, Kwasi is keen to give employers the freedom to bring in skilled temporary workers to plug any gaps. ‘At the moment it’s a criminal offence, which is frankly absurd in this day and age. ‘A slight change in the law will go some way to limit the impact of damaging strike action on millions of people.’ The Trade Union Congress has previously accused the government of hypocrisy by likening the mooted move to P&O’s treatment of workers. Ministers passed legislation and severed ties with the ferry company when it layed off its workforce to bring in cheaper agency staff. Referencing the RMT strike, general secretary Frances O’Grady said: ‘The government has the power to help end this dispute but rather than working in good faith to find a negotiated settlement, ministers are inflaming tensions and trying to pitch worker against worker. ‘Instead of threatening to do a P&O on these workers and rip up their rights, ministers should be getting people around the table to help agree a fair deal.’ MORE : Rail strike map: What train lines are affected by the RMT action? The government is poised to face a wave of strikes over the coming months, including in the public sector. The National Education Union has confirmed it will ballot its members in schools after teachers were offered a 3% pay rise, well below the 11% inflation forecast for the end of the year. NHS workers will receive their salary increase offer from the pay board this week, another potential trigger point for industrial action. Criminal barristers, postal workers, BT engineers and civil servants could all vote for action this summer, with more rail strikes also set to follow if pay talks don’t produce a compromise. Simon Clarke, the chief secretary to the Treasury, confirmed this morning that public sector workers should not expect to be offered pay rises which keep up with inflation. He told the BBC: ‘In the current landscape of inflation at 9% bordering 10%, it is not a sustainable expectation that inflation can be matched in payoff. ‘We cannot get into a world where we are chasing inflation expectations in that way because that is the surest way I can think of to bake in a repeat of the 1970s, which this government is determined to prevent.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.