Love Island 2022 has already got tense, with Gemma Owen being slammed for being ‘rude’. The dressage champion, who’s also footballer Michael Owen’s daughter, didn’t seem best pleased after being couple up with Liam Llewellyn. However, it was Luca Bish who seemed a little offended when she took aim at his surname. After telling the lads her last name (although none of them seemed to clock her famous father), Luca revealed his, with Gemma declaring it ‘unfortunate’. Bit awkward. Viewers didn’t love the moment, with past islander Shaughna Phillips weighing in and saying: ‘So I thought Gemma was quite rude about Luca’s surname, but apparently that means she fancies him?’ ‘Wtf who insults someone’s surname??? Mannerless….’ another viewer said.  ‘Gemma telling Luca his surname is unfortunate. Um your general outlook is unfortunate,’ one viewer said, with another adding: ‘Nah Gemma did Liam and Luca wrong and it’s only been day one.’ Later on in the launch episode, the islanders sat down for a cheeky game, which saw Liam tasked with picking a girl to give him a lap dance. He opted for Gemma, who turned him down. He was then forced to choose again, picking Paige Thorne. ‘GEMMA DOES NOT RATE LIAM. AT ALLLLLL,’ one viewer declared, while another added: ‘What’s with Gemma’s attitude to Liam I feel so bad’. Safe to say, sparks are not exactly flying between them. However, Gemma did seem a little enamoured with bombshell Davide Sanclimenti, who arrived on the scene to shake things up. In the next 24 hours, Davide will pick a girl to couple up with, leaving one boy vulnerable – so if the feelings are mutual, Liam could be in trouble. Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island 2022: Viewers praise ITV for Deaf representation as Tasha Ghouri opens up about cochlear implant: ‘This makes me so happy’ MORE : Love Island 2022: Fishmonger Luca Bish’s favourite sex position is the ‘oyster’ and fans have no words 