It wasn’t until my mid-20s that I started to feel comfortable in myself as a gay man. Then, in my mid-30s, I started to think about having children and what that could look like for me – but I always imagined doing it with a partner. I knew that, more than anything, I wanted to be a dad – but I was waiting for the right person to come along, to embark on that journey with. In my mid-40s, I finally got into a relationship – but it ended after a couple of years. I found myself aged 47, still with no children. At that point, I realised that if I wanted to have kids, which I desperately did, I’d need to go it alone. It felt like it was now or never. I knew I could do it on my own, and I didn’t see my age as a barrier. Of course, the thought of doing something this big solo was a bit scary – and it has been a lonely journey at times – but looking into the eyes of my two daughters makes it all worthwhile. They’re the best thing that has ever happened to me. Back in mid 2017, the first step I took was looking into adoption. But I was told that I would be at the bottom of every list as a single parent in their late 40s. I also found out that I had almost no chance of ever getting a baby or toddler; it would be more likely to be an older teenager. It was at that point I started to consider surrogacy. I was told early on that I wouldn’t have any luck quickly in the UK, so America seemed the obvious place to start. After some research online, I found a doctor there who said he could help me. I was a single, gay man who was HIV positive – and knew it might hard to find a willing clinic, so I was ecstatic to find someone to work with. He asked me to send £15,000 as a deposit, before going ahead with anything – stupidly, I did. Then, the ‘clinic’ seemed to disappear off the face of the earth. I tried to find them, but the company had been closed down. I now know that there are a lot of people out there who exploit people who are desperate to start a family – people who are willing to do anything for children. There are ‘fake agencies’ who take advantage of people at an emotional time, build trust, give advice, promise help – and then disappear with large amounts of money. However, for me, as well as losing such a lot of money, this caused huge amounts of emotional stress – I thought I had found my answer, and I was back to square one. But I didn’t want to give up. A few months later, I was talking to an acquaintance who recommended an IVF doctor in Istanbul. I looked them up and it turned out they had a partner clinic in North Cyprus, who specialised in surrogacy. The clinic was amazing and they weren’t fazed by my HIV, which was such a relief. Clinics in America were looking for £40-50,000 more because of my illness. In this clinic, they didn’t see it as a problem. I signed a contract to go ahead with the surrogacy. First, I was matched with an egg donor, and then, a surrogate – who was based in Ukraine. I was in the UK, and the surrogate was looked after by the agency in Cyprus. She lived in accommodation there, with a chef and a cleaner – and I’d fly over around once a month to accompany her to scans. At the first scan, finding out it was twins was a surreal moment – I was over the moon. However, while I was delighted that I was finally going on the journey to becoming a dad, it came with a lot of difficulties. At that time, my mother and brother both stopped talking to me. We’re from Italy, and they felt that, as a single gay man, I shouldn’t have kids. Luckily, since having the girls, my mother has come round to the idea and loves them both very much. The birth itself was the most amazing experience of my entire life. I had a nanny lined up a month in advance of the due date, to help me with the girls – this was especially important as, at that point, I felt cut off from my direct family – who disapproved of what I was doing. I got a call on Christmas Day, 2018, to say that the nanny and I needed to head to Cyprus, as the babies would be here soon, just two weeks before their due date – it was the best Christmas present ever. We flew over on the 27th and went to the hospital on the 28th. I remember walking into the hospital just before the surrogate went into the birthing room – and the girls were then born shortly after, via C-section. I held the twins straightaway. I just remember thinking that they were so tiny, so perfect. As I held each of them in my arms I was overwhelmed with joy. I named them Anna and Maria. I then stayed three nights in the hospital, so I could learn from the nurses how to bathe and feed them. After those three days, we went to an Airbnb flat, where we stayed for three months, as I had to arrange all of the paperwork for the Home Office in the UK, to get the girls a passport and residency. These three months were the best three months of my life. We were staying in a lovely, quiet, Cypriot village – just me, Anna, Maria, and our nanny. It was such a nice welcome to the world for them, in our newborn bubble. In total, the surrogacy cost £80,000 – including an extra £18,000 because it was twins. It would be an understatement to say that it’s the best money I have ever spent. The girls are three and a half now, and started nursery at the beginning of this year – they absolutely love it. Things are good with my mum now, and she loves the girls so much, which makes me really happy. The disapproval I’ve had from people has been hard but it’s also made me stronger. I knew that I wanted this more than anything. I couldn’t not do it; it’s the most important thing I’ve ever done in my life. The girls bring me so much joy. They’re so affectionate and loving, and to see them grow and see them happy, is just the best feeling. I am now 51, with two three and a half year old twins. Yes, it’s a challenge, but I think my age is a benefit. I have an established career, and I’m ready and able to put everything I have into giving my daughters the best life possible. I’m not interested in buying fancy clothes and traveling to expensive places – I’ve done all that, and I want to focus on them. If I could find a partner who loves the girls that would be amazing – but all I want is to see them growing up happy and enjoying life. If there’s someone out there who could join our family, then that would be great. After my experience being scammed in the beginning, I’ve now set up my own helpline, which focuses on offering advice to parents who are having difficulties accessing surrogacy – with a focus on parents in the LGBTQ+ community. We help them establish options, and warn of potential scams and fake agencies. We had a single, gay man who thought he was signing up to legitimate surrogacy in America and ended up losing £120,000 – so now, I’m looking at possibilities for him. I love helping other parents who might have experienced similar difficulties to me achieving their dreams. I understand what it’s like – and I wish I had someone helping me back them. I might have felt less alone. To learn more about Antonio’s helpline, visit www.thinkpositivesurrogacy.com. MORE : ‘Single dad by choice’ welcomes second baby after spending more than £200,000 on surrogacy MORE : Without surrogacy, our perfect family wouldn’t be here today MORE : Mum, 50, gives birth to her own grandchild after being surrogate for her daughter 