Tributes are being paid to a pilot and a teenage German exchange student who died as a helicopter crashed into a North Yorkshire field. Police confirmed Ian Macdonald, 66, died in the crash near his home in the village of Burton in Lonsdale shortly before midday yesterday. Also among the dead was 16-year-old student Admarsu Birhan, who locals said had been living with a nearby family for the last three months. Craven district councillor Stuart Handley, who lives in Burton in Lonsdale, said Ian was well-liked in the village. He said: ‘My condolences go to the family of Ian Macdonald and also the German exchange student’s family. ‘Ian hadn’t been living in the village for a very long time but he made himself very well known within the community. He was a very well-liked person within the village.’ ‘He would call me up if I saw him out and about and I’d go and have a word with him,’ he added. ‘Or in the shop if he was having a coffee or a pint down the local. He fitted in well.’ Ian’s partner, Julia Smith, was flooded with messages of support after uploading a sweet photograph of the two of them together. Her mum Audrey posted on social media: ‘With great sadness my daughter Julia’s partner Ian has been killed in a helicopter accident on Monday 20th June – love from all of us.’ One well-wisher on Facebook said: ‘How absolutely heartbreaking for you and your family sending huge hugs and love.’ According to reports, Ian was coming in to land his own Guimbal Cabri G2 aircraft near his home when the crash happened in a field near the village – near the Lancashire/Cumbria border. Scarlett Penn, UK Chief Executive of World Wide Opportunities on Organic Farms (WWOOF), said her organisation was ‘devastated’ to learn of Admasu’s death. She said the helicopter ride was meant as a ‘treat’ for the exchange student just before he returned to Germany – adding that it was unthinkable that this ‘generous gesture’ could end in such a tragedy. ‘WWOOF UK is devastated to learn of the fatal accident involving one of our young members, Admasu Tefera,’ she said. ‘Admasu was on a WWOOFing visit from Germany and was keen to learn about nature, ecology and sustainable growing. ‘We understand he had been such a likeable and helpful young man that his host (with parental agreement) arranged for him to have a helicopter flight as a treat, just before his return home. ‘That such a kind and generous gesture should end in this tragedy is unthinkable. ‘Our most profound condolences go out to his family and friends, and also to the heartbroken host who arranged the trip.’ Today North Yorkshire Police said: ‘The investigation into the full circumstances surrounding the helicopter crash near Burton in Lonsdale continues. ‘We can now provide the names of those who we believe to be the two people who sadly died in the crash. ‘We believe they were local man 66-year-old Ian Macdonald and 16-year-old Admarsu Birhan, a German national. Formal identification is yet to take place.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.