Love Island fans have to face waiting an extra day for the next episode – but there wait will be all worth it when they witness Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack finally head out on a date oozing with romance. At the beginning of the series, Dami, 26, and Indiyah, 23, were both coupled up with other people – Amber Beckford and Ikenna Ekwonna respectively. However, now that Amber and Ikenna have both left the villa, they’ve been able to pursue the spark between them, with the pair finally given the chance to partner up during Friday night’s recoupling ceremony. On Sunday evening, Damiyah shippers are in for a massive treat, with a teaser revealing Dami and Indiyah are set to share their first date, complete with a bottle of bubbly. In the clip, the contestants are shown taking their seats at the table, as Dami says to his date: ‘You look beautiful.’ ‘Thank you, you look nice too,’ Indiyah replies, fluttering her eyelashes at the microbiologist. Dami admits to Indiyah that he finds it ‘scary’ how well their relationship is going, with Indiyah remarking that it’s going ‘perfect’ so far. ‘I’m scared though, because why is this so easy?’ Dami says, grinning nervously. ‘Everything’s just falling into place perfectly,’ the hotel waitress replies. ‘Yeah, but just too perfectly to be honest,’ Dami adds. Nothing wrong with that, in our books! Just before the teaser ends, Dami and Indiyah are shown standing up from their seats, sharing a sweet kiss. Honestly, we’re barely holding it together. Numerous Love Island fans shared the same sentiment, with one tweeting: ‘I’m emosh yoo Dami and Indiyah’s date on Sunday.’ ‘I can’t wait to watch Indiyah and Dami’s date, I hope it’s the whole episode,’ someone else wrote. ‘Finally getting a Dami & Indiyah date couldn’t be happier for people who don’t even know I exist,’ another said. We couldn’t relate more. Friday’s episode of Love Island saw Tasha Ghouri break down in tears over the situation between her and Andrew Le Page, after admitting she was open to getting to know new bombshell Charlie Radnedge. Meanwhile, the recoupling saw several twists come to pass, as Jay Younger stole Paige Thorne from Jacques O’Neill and Davide Sanclimenti coupled up with bombshell Antigoni Buxton, despite kissing Danica Taylor the previous day. Love Island returns on Sunday at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island recoupling sees Jay Younger steal Paige Thorne and Davide Sanclimenti throw huge curveball by ‘mugging off’ Danica Taylor MORE : Love Island star Tasha Ghouri makes surprise revelation about new bombshell Charlie Radnedge and fans are floored 