Harry and Meghan received huge cheers as they arrived at St Paul’s Cathedral for the service of thanksgiving celebrating the Queen’s 70-year reign. It was the couple’s first public event alongside the Windsors since leaving The Firm in March 2020, but royal watchers hoping for a glimpse of their two children Archie, three, and Lilibet, who turns one on Saturday, were left disappointed. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have kept a low-profile so far during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, having watched the Trooping the Colour from a window overlooking Horse Guards Parade. They were similarly absent from the Buckingham Palace balcony for the spectacular flypast by the Red Arrows after the Queen limited it to working royals only. The 96-year-old Queen was absent, watching on television from Windsor Castle instead, after she suffered ‘discomfort’ following a busy first day of festivities including a double balcony appearance and a beacon lighting. Prince Andrew also ruled himself out following a positive Covid test. Crowds cheered the Duke and Duchess of Sussex as they arrived, with the couple smiling and waving at onlookers. They processed through the nave of the church hand in hand, with a smiling Meghan, dressed in an elegant trench coat from the Dior Haute Couture spring-summer 2022 collection by Maria Grazia Chiuri, a Stephen Jones hat and wearing white gloves, while Harry bit his lip at times. The duke, dressed in a morning suit, was wearing his Platinum Jubilee medal, along with his Golden and Diamond Jubilee and Afghanistan campaign decorations. Indicative of their new more-minor position within the royal family, they were sat in the second row from the front behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, with Harry next to Princess Eugenie’s husband Jack Brooksbank and Meghan next to Princess Margaret’s daughter Lady Sarah Chatto. Across the aisle was Harry’s father the Prince of Wales, representing the Queen, and Duchess of Cornwall, in ornate chairs, and Harry’s brother the Duke of Cambridge and Duchess of Cambridge, the Princess Royal and her husband, Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence. At one point, Harry was spotted with his mouth open, appearing to be enjoying a joke with other royals – most likely Zara and Mike Tindall – seated across the aisle. Beatrice, sitting a few seats down, was also grinning in the same direction. Harry was also seen laughing with Mr Brooksbank, and joined the Tindalls and cousin Peter Phillips for a chat on the steps afterwards. William and Kate also arrived to loud cheers and waved to the public as they walked up the steps to the cathedral. The duchess wore a pale yellow dress by Emilia Wickstead and matching fascinator. Boris Johnson was not so warmly received, with loud boos ringing out as the Prime Minister made his way up the steps with wife Carrie. The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall were the last royals to arrive, stopping to speak with members of the clergy before making their way inside to their seats. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, followed by Charles and Camilla, were then led in a procession to their seats in the front row of the cathedral. There were smiles from the Earl and Countess of Wessex as the Archbishop of York referred to the Queen’s love of horse racing, while the Princess Royal nodded her head in approval. The Most Rev Stephen Cottrell told the congregation: ‘I don’t have any great tips for the Derby tomorrow, but since the scriptures describe life as a race set before us, let me observe that her long reign reflects the distance of Aintree more than the sprints of Epsom. ‘Certainly, less dressage than most people imagine. ‘But with endurance, through times of change and challenge, joy and sorrow, she continues to offer herself in the service of our country and the commonwealth. ‘Your Majesty, we’re sorry you’re not with us this morning in person, but you are still in the saddle. And we are all glad that there is still more to come.’ Meghan and Harry’s visit has sparked rumours the couple will have their daughter christened with the monarch present. It is the first time the duke and duchess will have brought Lilibet, who was named in honour of the Queen, to the UK. Her Majesty is believed to have finally met her young namesake. Omid Scobie, author of Finding Freedom, told BBC Breakfast that the Sussexes have a ‘warm and close’ relationship with the Queen and that as the couple and the monarch were in Windsor on Thursday evening, it could have been the first time Lilibet met her great-grandmother. More than 2,000 people filled the historic church including Cabinet ministers, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer, first ministers of the devolved governments and every living former prime minister. Public service is the theme at the heart of the religious event, with 400 people who are recipients of honours, including NHS and key workers who were recognised for their work during the pandemic, invited. Hundreds of people gathered, some wearing Union flag hats and others hanging flags and bunting over the railings on the approach to the cathedral. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.