Tesco stores could soon have no Heinz products left because of a price dispute between the companies. Items like baked beans and ketchup may vanish from shelves after the company stopped supplying the UK’s biggest supermarket chain. The cost of Heinz products have rocketed in recent weeks amid rising energy and supply chain costs, with the price of a single tin of beans in Asda increasing by one third. The cost of a four pack of tomato soup has risen from £2.50 to £3.50 in Sainsbury’s, while a four-pack of beans snap pots has risen from £2.50 to £2.99 in Morrisons. Supermarkets continue to try and negotiate deals with manufacturers which allow them to keep prices low and compete for customers looking to rein in spending in the face of the cost of living squeeze. Talks between Tesco and Heinz are at an impasse, with some products already unavailable online. Tesco’s website showed that products including beans, barbecue sauce, salad cream and chicken noodle soup were all out of stock on Wednesday. A Tesco spokesperson said: ‘We’re laser-focused on keeping the cost of the weekly shop in check, offering customers great value through our combination of Aldi Price Match, Low Everyday Prices and Clubcard Prices. ‘With household budgets under increasing pressure, now more than ever we have a responsibility to ensure customers get the best possible value, and we will not pass on unjustifiable price increases to our customers. ‘We’re sorry that this means some products aren’t available right now, but we have plenty of alternatives to choose from and we hope to have this issue resolved soon.’ A Kraft Heinz spokesperson said: ‘We are working closely with Tesco to resolve the situation as quickly as possible. ‘In today’s challenging economic environment – with commodity and production costs rising – many consumers are working within tight budgets. ‘We always look at how we can provide value through price, size and packs so consumers can enjoy the products they love and trust at a price point that works within their budgets, without compromising on quality. ‘We are confident of a positive resolution with Tesco.’ Rising food prices have helped push inflation to a 40-year high and shoppers are already cutting back on the amount of food they buy, according to a survey for the Office for National Statistics. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.