They say it’s hard to be friends with your ex, but Brad Pitt and his ex-fiancé Gwyneth Paltrow have proved that it can actually be done. The pair were famously in a relationship for three years, however, split in 1997 and called off their engagement. Now, 25 years later, they have revealed they still have a love for each other. Brad and Gwyneth fondly recalled their failed engagement while also voicing their continued love and respect for one another. Their admission came after the Goop founder spoke about her late father Bruce, who helped form Brad’s view of fatherhood. ‘Okay, since it’s almost Father’s Day, I’m going to ask you about Bruce,’ Gwyneth said. ‘I’ll never forget when we were engaged and he came to me one day, his eyes full of tears, and he said, “You know, I never really realised what they mean when they say you’re gaining a son. Like, I’m gaining a son.”’ Brad replied: ‘Yeah, right. [Laughs.] Oh man, everything works out, doesn’t it?’ Gwyneth, referring to her now husband Brad Falchuk, exclaimed: ‘Yes, it does. I finally found the Brad I was supposed to marry. It just took me 20 years.’ ‘And it’s lovely to have you as a friend now,’ Brad remarked. ‘And I do love you.’ ‘I love you so much,’ Gwyneth responded. Brad went on to pay tribute to Bruce who he said ‘really fostered your voice’ and ‘your independence’. ‘He carved the way for you guys to be who you are. And I think that’s so important to parenting, you know?’ he continued in the Goop interview. ‘So the child is free to find out who they are and what they love and what they don’t. You guys were just so free in your conversations. And witty. And intelligent. And funny as f*ck.’ After the death of her father, Gwyneth married Coldplay frontman Chris Martin in December 2003. The pair welcomed two children together before divorcing in 2016. Gwyneth met her current husband, Falchuk, on the set of Glee in 2010. The pair began dating in 2014 and went public with their relationship one year later. They announced their engagement in January 2018 and tied the knot that same year in  September in the Hamptons. Brad, meanwhile, went on to marry Jennifer Aniston in 2000 before divorcing five years later. He then went onto marry Angelina Jolie, with whom he shares six children. Angelina filed for divorce in 2016. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 