Glastonbury is in the books – now it’s time to get excited for 2023 with rumours already swirling for next year’s lineups. Yes, people are only just making their way home from Worthy Farm after the festival’s triumphant post-pandemic return to form, but it’s just got is even more excited for 2023’s extravaganza. Sir Paul McCartney, Kendrick Lamar and Billie Eilish left punters stunned with some powerful headline performances over a stacked weekend with an incredible lineup. Organiser Michael Eavis previously revealed the team already have the 2023 and 2024 headliners all planned out as he told Andy Bennett from BBC Sounds: ‘We’ve got all the headliners for the next two years…they’re all in place.’ With that said, there is plenty of speculation about what they’ve got planned with some big names potentially in the picture. Here are some of the biggest names being lied to Glastonbury – and others we think are in with a shot! What fans really, really want is a Spice Girls reunion at Glastonbury, and Mel C recently admitted it’s ‘the absolute dream’. ‘The girls and I, we have chatted about it, it’s the biggest stage in the world, we have the best festival in the world right here,’ she told BBC Breakfast, noting even Victoria Beckham could be tempted after skipping their 2019 tour. She teased: ‘I have a good feeling [she would].’ It’s been 11 years since Beyonce, who was pregnant with Blue Ivy at the time, took to the Pyramid Stage for an iconic headline set. Over a decade later, it feels like a return should be on the cards – particularly after Queen Bey announced her first album in six years and dropped an instant classic in Break My Soul. She’s yet to tease any tour dates, but they’re surely on the way. See you at Worthy Farm? Taylor Swift was initially set to headline alongside Sir Paul McCartney and Kendrick Lamar in 2020, but the pandemic forced the festival to be delayed by two years. The Bad Blood hitmaker didn’t join the other two musicians on this year’s lineup, with Billie Eilish stepping into the fold – so maybe 2023 could be her moment? It was previously reported that Taylor passed on this year’s event because of ‘timing’, while she’s currently said to have focused on re-recording her old albums rather than performing. One Direction haven’t played a show together since going on hiatus in 2015 and they’re all thriving in their solo careers – just look at Harry Styles – but Glastonbury 2023 could be the perfect stage for a reunion. Liam Payne recently made it clear that he expects the band – completed by Louis Tomlinson and Niall Horan, while Zayn Malik had quit a few months before the split – to get back together one day, and Ladbrokes has given 1D odds of 3/1 to play next year. Niall previously suggested the group weren’t ‘cool’ enough to headline Glastonbury, but we respectively disagree. Sir Elton John would be a perfect fit for the festival after The Beatles legend Sir Paul turned back the clock with a fantastic headline set. The Rocket Man icon just brought his Farewell Yellow Brick Road tour to London with a special show at BTS Hyde Park, and he’ll be touring the UK – including nine dates at The O2 – from spring into early summer 2023. However, the dates wrap up mid-June, meaning Glastonbury could be a possibility. Bruce Springsteen is another legendary musician with a suspicious gap in his touring schedule. The Born To Run rock star is yet to announce any UK dates when he and the E Street Band hit the road next year, and some fans are wondering if he’s got something special planned. While he’s touring Europe in June, he does have a couple of free dates on June 25 and 27, which could coincide with next year’s Glastonbury. Time will tell, and the Boss could simply be waiting to reveal some major UK dates, but seeing him as headline a year after joining Sir Paul during his set would be special. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Glastonbury clean-up begins with army of litter pickers clearing fields of rubbish MORE : Kendrick Lamar closes Glastonbury in dramatic style, wearing diamond crown of thorns and making powerful plea for women’s rights covered in blood 