The Queen has met great-granddaughter Lilibet for the first time after inviting Harry and Meghan to a private lunch with senior royals during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex introduced their daughter to the monarch, who was nicknamed Lilibet as a child, yesterday at Windsor Castle. The event was held behind closed doors following the Trooping the Colour, when thousands of people descended onto the Mall in central London. Lilibet turns one tomorrow – but photos from a birthday party being held at Frogmore cottage are not expected. Harry and Meghan are said to want to keep a low profile this weekend to avoid overshadowing the Queen. Royal commentator Omid Scobie told BBC Breakfast: ‘I spoke with people close to the couple… who said that they want to be as low-profile as possible during this trip. ‘It’s almost hard to believe, but I think yesterday Trooping the Colour was a great example. We didn’t really catch sight of them on TV cameras.’ He added that the couple hold a ‘warm and close’ relationship with the Queen and that last evening at Windsor would have been the first time Her Majesty would have met her namesake in person. He said: ‘Those moments with Lilibet are very much private between them and the Queen.’ Harry has only visited the UK on a handful of occasions since Lilibet was born and did not bring his family with him. He is embroiled in a legal row with the UK Home Office over his Met Police security, which was stripped from him when he quit as a working member of the royal family and moved to the US. He was reportedly given ‘cast iron assurances’ his family would be safe in the UK during the four-day jubilee weekend. The Queen sent a car and security detail to pick them up after they arrived in the UK on Wednesday night. The couple attended the Trooping the Colour yesterday, though they did not appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony, which was reserved for working royals only. Today they are expected to attend the Thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral. The Queen herself will not be attending after suffering ‘discomfort’ during yesterday’s events. Disgraced Prince Andrew has also pulled out after testing positive for coronavirus  – though he was never expected to accompany the Queen after being effectively cast out of the royal family following his sex abuse case. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.