Fed up of his 9 to 5 in sales, Grant Simpson, 25, decided to take drastic action. He quit his job and set off on an epic 100,000-mile adventure around the world, using money he had received as a lump sum after being made redundant from a previous job in 2020. So far, Grant, from Glasgow, has journeyed to Thailand, Sri Lanka, and Australia, snapping envy-inducing photos along the way. Grant said: ‘I was supposed to go travelling in May 2020 but I had to cancel everything because of Covid. ‘I knew I would have to wait a little longer until I could get away to travel but I decided that I wasn’t going to spend any more of my time in a job that I didn’t enjoy. ‘My number one priority with work used to be money, but now my priority is my own personal happiness and freedom to pursue my creative passions. ‘When I first quit, my family and girlfriend were worried because I had bills and rent to pay as I was living in my own flat. ‘But they noticed how much happier I was and agreed it was the right decision. ‘I have travelled across four continents and over 20 countries so I must have done over 100,000 miles at least.’ Grant’s travels are no longer just casual jollies – he’s decided to turn his adventure into a career. ‘After the amazing response to my mobile photography, I purchased my first real camera in September 2021 and decided to start pursuing a career in travel photography,’ he explained. Now, he’s starting to earn money from snapping pics, and hopes to make this his full-time money earner. In the meantime, he has no plans to press pause on his big adventure. ‘I would say that this trip has cost me around £6000 each so far since the start of January,’ Grant said. ‘A few places I have visited so far include Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia, USA, Sweden, and Italy. ‘I spent two months in Thailand and one month in Sri Lanka before arriving in Australia two months ago. ‘I plan on visiting a few other Asian and South Pacific countries in the year while I am based in Australia. ‘I’ve experienced so many amazing moments so far, and I am so happy that I have been able to capture them along the way. ‘In Thailand, I went snorkelling in Maya Bay. We saw three baby black tip sharks and watched them hunting a school of fish. ‘It was an incredible moment to witness these amazing animals in the wild doing what it takes to survive. ‘My favourite moment in Sri Lanka was when we did a Safari in Yala National Park. ‘We were hoping to find a rare leopard and manage to see one in the last 20 minutes of the trip. The huge male leopard walked right in front of our safari jeep. ‘It’s been an amazing journey so far and I am so happy I made the decision to quit my job to do this.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Teacher pulls son out of school to go ‘world-schooling’ for two years MORE : Best LGBTQ+ travel tours and events around the world to book now MORE : How to limit travel chaos amid airport queues and flight cancellations