The family of a British man condemned to death for fighting Russian forces say they are ‘devastated’ over his sentencing. Aiden Aslin, 28, and Shaun Pinner, 48, were captured in Mariupol fighting for Ukraine’s 36th Marine Brigade, in which they were both officially enlisted. The pair were subjected to what observers have described as a ‘show trial’ in a Donetsk court not recognised by the international community. Russia’s claim that they were ‘mercenaries’ has been dismissed by both Britain and Ukraine, who say they were both legitimate combatants. Mr Pinner has lived in Ukraine for four years, and had a three year contract with the Marines, his family said. They added that his contract was due to expire at the end of 2022, after which he planned to move to a humanitarian role within Ukraine. Meanwhile Mr Aslin has dual British-Ukrainian citizenship having moved to Ukraine in 2017 after falling for his now-wife Diane. After weeks in captivity, they were told they face the death sentence earlier this week alongside Moroccan national Saaudun Brahim, after ‘pleading guilty’ to a number of charges. There are widespread fears that all of the fighters they have been mistreated in custody. Under the terms of the Geneva Convention, they should be entitled to combatant immunity as legitimate soldiers registered with a recognised army. According to Russian media, they have a month to appeal their sentence, raising hopes it is a propaganda ploy or being used as a negotiating position. A statement issued by the Foreign Office on behalf of the family of Shaun Pinner said: ‘Firstly, our whole family is devastated and saddened at the outcome of the illegal show trial by the so-called Donetsk People’s Republic. ‘As a Ukrainian resident for over four years and contracted serving marine in the 36th Brigade, of which he is very proud, Shaun should be accorded all the rights of a prisoner of war according to the Geneva Convention and including full independent legal representation. ‘We sincerely hope that all parties will co-operate urgently to ensure the safe release or exchange of Shaun. Our family including his son and Ukrainian wife love and miss him so much and our hearts go out to all the families involved in this awful situation. ‘We respectfully ask for privacy from the media at this difficult time.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.