Sitting in a cheap hotel bedroom in Manchester, my best friend patiently tried to paint the nails on my fidgeting hands. I had never painted my nails before, but that wasn’t why I was nervous: it was my first Pride, despite the fact I’d come out as gay seven years earlier. Vibrating with anticipation, I was unsure what to expect or how I would react. I felt uncomfortable but yearned to belong to the celebrations that were rattling the hotel’s windows. My friend squeezed my hand as we wandered towards the Pride parade and wormed our way to a good spot at the barriers. Beside us, a beautifully diverse group of giggling, glittering people wasted no time in introducing themselves and absorbing us into their friendship group. It was the warmest welcome I’d ever received and I felt instantly at ease – but there was a niggling guilt that I’d spent so long avoiding Pride. I was luckier than many when I came out at the age of 19. My family was wholly supportive and while I lost some friends, the important ones stuck by me. Gone was the shame of hiding who I was and my need to prove myself – or so I thought. Looking back, though, I can see that I was perhaps more lost than before. I felt as though I was straddling two worlds: while I was excited by my newfound freedoms, I was also adamant that I would not change who I was. I had spent my whole life resisting the feeling that I was different, and I wasn’t about to give up that battle. Emboldened by the idea that I ‘wasn’t like other gay people’, I continued to resist what I saw to be gay stereotypes – swerving the gay scene completely. I insisted to anybody who would listen that I was just a ‘normal’ person who happened to like men. The whole idea of Pride felt wrong to me – why would I want to draw attention to my difference when I was so desperate to fit in? Surely equality meant seeing each other as the same, not thrusting our sexualities in people’s faces? This belligerent resistance persisted until I was 26, when I stumbled into friendship with people who were both relaxed and unabashed in their queerness. Where I was desperate to fit in, they did so effortlessly – without compromising anything about themselves. They introduced me to books such as The Velvet Rage by Alan Downs and Matthew Todd’s Straight Jacket, which helped me understand that my conflicting and confusing feelings were not uncommon – instead, they were pretty normal for LGBTQ+ people. For the first time, I felt a tie to something bigger than myself. Through their friendship (and, reluctantly, therapy), I started unpicking some of the shame I was carrying about my sexuality. My internalised homophobia would surface regularly as I tentatively explored my identity, but I began to notice that many of my judgments of others were based in jealousy of their freedom to live authentically. My queer friends became a safety net and a sounding board; a support network that would tease, laugh and cringe alongside me – their open honesty broadening my horizons. By ignoring my difference, I’d unwittingly isolated myself from those who were most like me – and letting them in was freeing. Soon, Pride season rolled around, and I knew I had to put my money where my mouth was. I felt safe with the little queer family I’d created and wasn’t sure whether I’d still feel the same on such a monumental scale. While the jubilant crowds at Manchester’s parade swept most of my fears away, I still felt conflicted: fun as Pride may be, surely highlighting the LGBTQ+ community’s differences wasn’t helpful as we fought for equality? I tried to push the thought to the back of my mind as I launched myself into the carnival of chaos on Manchester’s famous Canal Street – but as the evening neared, we were drawn toward a gathering with a dramatically different mood. We’d stumbled across a candlelight vigil, where crowds gathered to reflect on those lost to the AIDS epidemic and to collectively recognise the fights against discrimination still to be fought. There was silence as the large, diverse crowd listened to speakers tell their stories, and barely a dry eye as people paid tribute to those who’d come before them – allowing us the freedoms we’d been celebrating all weekend. Embarrassingly late, I realised that my doubts about Pride had been misplaced. It finally dawned on me that people didn’t need to be the same to share a goal, and that our voices – diverse as they may be – are more powerful together. Pride is more than just a celebration: it’s a rallying cry to reflect on those who’ve paved the roads we walk today, a time to let ourselves go and revel in our successes, as well as a reminder to push forward on our path for those who are yet to come. It has taught me the power of showing up for each other – standing shoulder to shoulder with our community, fighting for and amplifying the voices of those facing discrimination. Our differences are what binds the LGBTQ+ community to one another, and to feel proud of them is a progressive, political act. Due to the pandemic, Manchester Pride remains the only Pride I’ve been to, but this year I can’t wait to fully dive into as many as I can. First on my list is Pride in London. I’ll celebrate, I’ll protest, and I’ll remember those who fought for my right to do so. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing James.Besanvalle@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : London Pride: LGBTQ+ events in the capital this June MORE : 50 years on Pride is just as important as ever – and here’s how we’re going to mark it MORE : In the run up to Pride, companies need to learn how to really be allies 