Cameron Diaz and her rocker husband Benji Madden were spotted out with their daughter in a US airport. The actress, 49, and Good Charlotte star, 43, were seen making their way through JFK airport this week as the family embarked on a trip. Weaving their way through the crowds in the terminal, Cameron walked ahead pushing along a suitcase and bag, with snacks for the journey. Guitarist Benji was seen following along holding the couple’s two-year-old daughter, Raddix, who they welcomed in 2019. Cameron and Benji, who were married in 2015, wore matching black outfits as they strolled through the airport, the Charlie’s Angels star in a comfortable long-sleeve shirt and baggy pants with her blonde hair hanging loose. Benji, meanwhile, wore a black jumper and jeans, along with a black cap. Little Raddix, who will turn three in December, wore bright pink Crocs and a sweet beige outfit with colourful patterns as she was carried by her rocker dad. The celebrity couple tend to keep their family life to themselves, and sightings of the family out-and-about together are rare. Cameron and Benji were first introduced in 2014 by mutual friend Nicole Richie, who is married to Benji’s twin Joel Madden, and were wed less than a year later. The pair have been head-over-heels for each other since, welcoming baby Raddix via surrogate at the end of 2019. Private as they are, the husband and wife kept Raddix’s arrival quiet even after her birth, before dropping a joint statement in January 2020 revealing they were ‘blessed and grateful to begin this new decade by announcing the birth of our daughter, Raddix.’ ‘She has instantly captured our hearts and completed our family.’ While the couple are intensely private, Cameron recently opened up on motherhood and life with Benji on Michelle Visage’s Rule Breakers podcast on BBC Sounds, heaping praise on her husband’s fathering skills. ‘He’s really taught me to value myself a lot more,’ she admitted, adding: ‘I think that I was receiving so much validation elsewhere and in all these other ways. ‘With our marriage, I learned how to really go all in.’ Becoming emotional, she said: ‘‘He’s just a guy I can count on. He’s hilarious and he’s so funny. And he’s the best dad ever. I could cry, he’s just the best.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cameron Diaz is ultimate cheerleader for husband Benji Madden: ‘He’s the best dad’ MORE : Cameron Diaz talks misogyny in Hollywood and ‘infantilising’ fame: ‘They treat you like you’re so precious’ 