A cabinet minister has quit saying ‘someone has to take responsibility’ after the Tories suffered humiliating losses in two by-elections. Last night saw Tiverton and Honiton swing to the Lib Dems while Labour regained control of Wakefield. The contests, triggered by the resignation of disgraced Tories, offered voters the chance to give their verdict on the prime minister just weeks after 41% of his own MPs said they did not have confidence in his leadership. Both elections were lost by large margins after months of sleaze, the partygate scandal, the cost of living crisis and the biggest rail strike in a generation. Conservative chairman Oliver Dowden made the dramatic decision to quit moments before he was due to appear on air to discuss the double defeats. In a letter to the PM he said: ‘Yesterday’s parliamentary by-elections are the latest in a run of very poor result for our party. ‘Our supporters are distressed and disappointed by recent events, and I share their feelings. ‘We cannot carry on with business as usual. Somebody must take responsibility and I have concluded that, in these circumstances, it would not be right for me to remain in office.’ The MP ended his letter by stressing his loyalty to the party – though not to the prime minister. He said: ‘I want to emphasise that this is a deeply personal decision that I have taken alone. ‘I will, as always, remain loyal to the Conservative Party.’ Dowden has been staunchly loyal to Boris Johnson and defended him even after he was fined by the Met Police for breaking Covid laws. It is not yet clear if any other cabinet ministers intend to resign in protest – though many backbench and opposition MPs are renewing calls for him to go. But Boris Johnson, who is 4,000 miles away in Rwanda, ruled out quitting even before the crushing results came in, branding the idea ‘crazy’. This morning he accepted voters are having a ‘tough time’ and promised to ‘listen’, though once again refused to resign. Longstanding Conservative critic Sir Roger Gale wrote on Twitter: ‘Spin them how you like the by- election results in Tiverton & Honiton and in Wakefield are another vote of no-confidence in a Prime Minister that ought to honourably this morning be re-considering his position. ‘Commiserations to Conservative candidates who deserved better. The soul of our Party is at stake.’ A dramatic swing of almost 30% from the Tories to the Liberal Democrats saw Richard Foord secure a majority of 6,144 in Tiverton and Honiton. It is the third comprehensive Lib Dem win in a by-election in a previously safe Tory seat in the past 18 months. Helen Hurford, the Tory candidate, is said to have locked herself in a room previously reserved for media interviews at the constituency’s election count in a sports centre in Crediton, when the scale of her defeat became clear. The by-election was triggered when Tory MP Neil Parish quit after being caught watching pornography in the House of Commons. The new Lib Dem MP used his acceptance speech to call for Mr Johnson ‘to go, and go now’ claiming his victory had ‘sent a shockwave through British politics’. Mr Foord said: ‘The people of Tiverton and Honiton have spoken for Britain. They sent a loud and clear message – it’s time for Boris Johnson to go, and go now.’ Lib Dem leader Sir Ed Davey said: ‘This should be a wake-up call for all those Conservative MPs propping up Boris Johnson. ‘They cannot afford to ignore this result.’ However, a Tory source said it was a ‘disappointing but not unexpected result’ and ‘we are confident we will regain this seat at the next general election’. In Wakefield, Simon Lightwood was elected with a majority of 4,925 on a swing of 12.7% from the Tories to Labour. The previous Wakefield MP Imran Ahmad Khan quit after being found guilty of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old boy – a crime for which he was jailed for 18 months. Wakefield was one of the so-called red wall seats won by the Tories in the 2019 general election after being Labour since the 1930s. Mr Lightwood said Labour was ‘rebuilding the red wall’ and that the biggest issue on the doorstep throughout the campaign had been the cost of living crisis. He added: ‘The people of Wakefield have spoken on behalf of the British people. ‘They have said, unreservedly: Boris Johnson, your contempt for this country is no longer tolerated.’ Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said: ‘Wakefield has shown the country has lost confidence in the Tories. ‘This result is a clear judgment on a Conservative Party that has run out of energy and ideas. Britain deserves better.’ The prime minister will not be around to take the flack for his parties losses as he is on tour abroad for the next week in Africa and Europe with his wife Carrie. But there are fears the results at home could spell more trouble, sparking a renewed Conservative revolt against his leadership. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 