Lawyer Camille Vasquez has denied rumours she and Johnny Depp are dating. Vasquez was one of Depp’s lead attorneys during his six-week defamation trial against Amber Heard over an op-ed published by The Washington Post in 2018. Heard was found by a jury in Fairfax, Virginia, to have defamed her ex-husband with the article in which she claimed she was a victim of domestic abuse, with Depp receiving $15 million in damages, while she received $2 million in compensatory damages after the court upheld her claim she she was defamed by Depp. During the trial, there was social media speculation suggesting Vasquez was dating her Hollywood client, which she has now addressed. ‘I guess it comes with the territory of being a woman just doing her job,’ she told People as she denied claims. ‘It’s disappointing that certain outlets kind of ran with it or said that my interactions with Johnny — who is a friend and I’ve known and represented for four-and-a-half years now — that my interactions in any way were inappropriate or unprofessional. That’s disappointing to hear.’ The lawyer noted she cares ‘very deeply’ about her clients and insisted the ‘entire team’ became closer during the proceedings. ‘And, I’m Cuban and Colombian. I’m tactile. What do you want me to say? I hug everyone. And I’m not ashamed about that,’ she added. Meanwhile, she said it ‘broke [her] heart’ to see Depp ‘fighting for his life’ and listening to ‘the most horrific allegations being made against him’. She continued: ‘If I could provide any bit of comfort, then of course I would do that, whether it’s holding his hand or letting him know that we were there and we were going to fight for him because he deserved it.’ Vasquez has a boyfriend and said she’s ‘very happy’ in her relationship, while noting it’s ‘unethical for us to date our clients’. She added: ‘It’s also an unethical charge being made. It’s sexist. It’s unfortunate and it’s disappointing, but at the same time it kind of comes with the territory. I can’t say I was all that surprised.’ Heard’s legal team have since released a statement saying ‘women’s rights are moving backwards’ as Depp continues to rebuild his reputation following the trial. ‘The verdict’s message to victims of domestic violence is … be afraid to stand up and speak out,’ they said. In response, Vasquez previously said: ‘It’s disappointing. We’re only speaking about what happened in this case and the facts in this case were overwhelming positive for Johnny. The verdict speaks for itself.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp’s NFT of daughter Lily-Rose and the words ‘silence, exile, cunning’ was ‘unfortunate coincidence of randomisation’ MORE : Dame Emma Thompson argues Johnny Depp and Amber Heard trial ‘isn’t representative’ of MeToo: ‘It’s not going to be derailed’ 