Two teenagers have been rushed to hospital and neighbours have been evacuated after a suspected gas explosion at a home in Burnley, Lancashire, this afternoon. An 18-year-old man was airlifted to Royal Preston Hospital suffering major trauma, the North West Ambulance Service said. A second female patient, understood to be 17, was taken to the Royal Blackburn hospital for assessment. Eyewitnesses said she was pulled from the rubble by a relative and neighbours after the incident at the end of terrace house in Sefton Terrace, just after midday. One onlooker, Sarah Jones, 19, who lives opposite the property, said she heard a bang followed by scraping noises, which she believes were the windows coming off. ‘I came out and I just saw black smoke everywhere,’ Ms Jones said. ‘I know the family who live there well and when I came outside their relatives were there. ‘I asked if anyone was in there and they said the girl was. She’s 17. ‘Neighbours got a ladder and were climbing up to the top two windows but then they realised she wasn’t upstairs, she was in the front room and had gone through into the cellar, through the floor. ‘She was covered in rubble and her relative had to pull her out from under everything. ‘We brought her across to my house and she said she didn’t think she was injured, she was more worried about how her mum was going to react. ‘She is very, very lucky.’ Another witness, Lisa Gorton, 42, told how she heard a ‘big bang like you’re watching a movie’. ‘I saw all black smoke and the windows went through and everyone came running out.’ Local councillor Sarah Hall, who was at the scene to support residents, said the incident was thought to be a gas explosion. Andy Fewings, also a councillor, said 10 houses had been evacuated and residents were being told to go to nearby St Matthew’s Church on Albion Street. A police cordon is in place around the residential area, located a short distance from Burnley Manchester Road train station. A North West Ambulance service spokesperson told LancsLive: ‘Two ambulances, an advanced paramedic, an air ambulance and an operational commander attended an incident following a 999 call at 12.11pm. ‘We’ve conveyed two patients to hospital. An 18-year-old man has been airlifted to Royal Preston Hospital suffering major trauma. ‘A female patient was taken to the Royal Blackburn for assessment.’ In a statement, Lancashire Fire and Rescue Service said on Twitter: ‘We’re currently dealing with an explosion in a house on Sefton Terrace, Burnley. ‘One person has been rescued by neighbours and taken to hospital.’ ‘Please avoid the area around Sefton Terrace and Piccadilly Road.’ The emergency services are working with local authorities and utility companies to make the scene safe and assess the structure of the property affected. Firefighters are using an aerial ladder platform to remove coping stones from the gable end to make the house safe. Lancashire Police reiterated pleas for the public to avoid the area. The force said on Twitter: ‘Please be aware we are currently dealing with a house collapse on Sefton Terrace, in Burnley. ‘Emergency services are at the scene and several properties have been evacuated.’