Actress and model Anya Taylor-Joy has been spotted rocking a stunning ring on her finger. The rumour mill has started to roll surrounding The Queen’s Gambit and her boyfriend Malcolm McRae. The actress has not commented on speculation that she could be engaged. The 26-year-old was snapped upon her arrival in Sydney wearing a large rock on her left hand. The actress, who also starred in Peaky Blinders, has spent the last month in the Australian outback, filming Mad Max Furiosa, and returned to Sydney via private jet which she shared with Mad Max Director, George Miller. The rock was not the only item that drew attention – Anya’s furry feline friend – her new pet cat, Kitsune – was spotted hanging out in its adorable cat travel backpack. Wearing a stylish checked overcoat, purple top and matching trousers, she was spotted disembarking from a private jet at a Sydney airport looking relaxed and naturally put together. The actress, who also starred as Gina Gray in the BBC series, introduced her beloved feline to her nine million Instagram followers last month. Sharing a video of her boyfriend who she is thought to have been dating for more than a year, carrying the cat and the caption: ‘We’re in love.’ The couple made their red carpet debut at the Vanity Fair Oscars after-party in February, but prefer a quieter life. ‘I’ve finally found someone who will happily sit in silence with me reading,’ Anya said earlier this year. ‘We’re basically 80 years old and seven at the same time and it works really well.’ So, the couple is committed and devoted to their beloved new cat, but whether this means they’ll be hearing wedding bells in the future is anyone’s guess. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Anya Taylor-Joy for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Anya Taylor-Joy addresses hope for her to play Elsa in live-action Frozen – and we can totally see it happening MORE : Diana Ross fans couldn’t care less about legend’s ‘out of tune’ vocals as she draws jaw-dropping Glastonbury crowd 