Manchester United winger Alejandro Garnacho has reported back to pre-season training early as Erik ten Hag’s reign at Old Trafford began on Monday. United’s new manager arrived at the club’s training ground at around 8am on Monday morning, hours before the non-international players turned up for their first day back following their holiday. David De Gea, Jadon Sancho, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Victor Lindelof, Donny van de Beek, Anthony Martial, Phil Jones and Brandon Williams were among United’s first-team players who arrived at Carrington, while Ethan Laird, Shola Shoretire and Alvaro Fernandez were also present. But Garnacho surprised many with his appearance as the 17-year-old played for Argentina Under-20s in the Toulon Tournament earlier this month, with his last game coming against Japan on June 10. Garnacho would have been entitled to a three-week holiday but the midfielder is already back with his United teammates and out to impress Ten Hag. The Argentine was handed his senior debut by Ralf Rangnick in April and finished the campaign with United by being awarded the Jimmy Murphy Young Player of the Year. Meanwhile, all players took part in the routine individual tests with United’s medical staff on Monday before taking part in a group session. United’s pre-season campaign begins against Liverpool in Bangkok on July 12. Ten Hag’s side will then play Melbourne Victory, Crystal Palace and Aston Villa in Australia, before a facing  Atletico Madrid in Oslo on July 30. United’s pre-season campaign ends with a game against Rayo Vallecano to Old Trafford on July 31. United are hopeful of bolstering Ten Hag’s squad during the summer transfer window, with the Dutchman keen to bring in Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona before the club’s pre-season tour begins. Ajax winger Antony is also on United’s radar, while the club are also waiting on Christian Eriksen to make a decision over his future. United’s first Premier League game under Ten Hag is at home to Brighton on August 7. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 