Is there anything more versatile than the humble potato? Mash it up, roast it or boil it – the possibilities are endless. And nothing quite says summer like new potatoes – particularly Jersey Royals. So, with new potato season in full-swing, we’ve rounded up some great plates to make the most of the summer favourite. The three delicious recipes below were created by Gabriella English for Seasonal Spuds. Feast on these great dishes below. Ingredients: Method: 1. Preheat your oven to 200°C (180°C) gas mark 6. Bring the new potatoes to the boil in a large pan of salted water. Cook until tender, 15-18 minutes. 2. Meanwhile, melt 30g of the butter in a large frying pan over medium high heat. Add the leeks and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, 6-8 minutes. Stir through the flour and cook for a further minute then gradually stir in the stock until smooth. Add the sour cream and nutmeg, season with salt and pepper and bring to a simmer and cook until thickened, 2-3 minutes. 3. Stir the spinach through the leek mixture until wilted then remove from the heat. Add the salmon, haddock, prawns, dill and lemon zest and mix well. Transfer to the base of a roughly 2 litre baking dish. 4. Once the potatoes are cooked, drain them and return to the pan with the remaining 50g butter and season with salt and pepper. Roughly crush with the back of a wooden spoon so that the potatoes are broken up but still chunky. 5. Top the fish mixture with the crushed potatoes and transfer to a baking dish. Bake for 40-45 minutes until golden brown, crispy and bubbling. Leave to cool for 10 minutes before serving. Ingredients: Method: 1. Heat the oil in a large frying pan over medium high heat and add the onion. Cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 6-8 minutes. Once cooked, add the ginger, garlic, chilies, turmeric, mustard seeds, garam masala, ground cumin and coriander. 2. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes then add the tomatoes and cook until slightly softened for 2 more minutes. 3. Add the coconut milk, water, vinegar and sugar. Season with salt and pepper, bring to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes. 4. Add the potatoes, cover with a lid and simmer for 15 minutes until almost cooked. Add the green beans, stir and cook for a further 5 minutes until the potatoes and beans are tender. 5. Add the king prawns and cook for 3-4 minutes, until cooked through. Stir through the spinach until wilted. Add the lime juice, taste and season with more salt and pepper if you like. Ingredients: Method: 1, Heat the olive oil in a large frying pan over a medium high heat. Add the leek and new potatoes, season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring, until the leeks are starting to soften, 5 minutes. Add a splash of water, cover with a lid and cook until the potatoes are tender, 12-15 minutes. Stir regularly and add a little more water if the pan starts to dry out. Lower the heat as necessary. 2. Meanwhile, fill and boil your kettle. Add the spinach to a large colander in your sink and pour over the freshly boiled water until the spinach is all wilted. Press out as much excess liquid as possible then pat dry in kitchen paper to remove as much moisture as possible. 3. Preheat your oven to 200°C (180°C) gas mark 6. Once the potatoes and leeks are cooked, transfer to a mixing bowl and set aside to cool. Grease the base and sides of a 20cm springform cake tin with olive oil. 4. Add the spinach, feta, dill, mint, lemon zest, nutmeg and eggs to the bowl with the potato and leek. Season generously. Layer up seven sheets of filo in the cake tin, brushing a little oil between each sheet, making sure the layers overlap and leaving overhanging pastry over the edges. 5. Transfer the potato mixture to the centre of this then top with the final filo sheet. Bring the edges of the filo in to cover the topping and brush with a little extra olive oil. Scatter over the sesame seeds, transfer to a baking sheet and bake on the top shelf of your oven for 35-40 minutes, until deep golden brown. 6. Once cooked, leave to cool slightly in the tin before removing and serving. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Try this lemon and elderflower scone recipe to mark the start of Wimbledon MORE : Kid-friendly recipes: Don’t know what to have for dinner? Try this easy peasy Boursin gnocchi MORE : Easy summer recipes to jazz up boring lunches