Around 130 asylum seekers have been scheduled for deportation on the Home Office’s first charter flight to Rwanda, reports say. With less than a week until the flight on June 14, 80 of them have lodged legal challenges asking to remain in the UK, and officials expect the remaining 50 to do so this week. The Home Office started issuing formal removal notices at the end of May as the ‘final administrative step’ in its partnership with the east African nation. Under the controversial deportation scheme, thousands of people are set to be sent 4,000 miles away to have their asylum claims processed. According to campaigners, the Home Office’s plan is ‘irrational and unlawful’, and many have been working with lawyers on submitting legal challenges over the last few weeks. Most of the claims rely on Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights – the right to ‘private and family life’ – or involve allegations of modern slavery. Ahead of the looming one-way flight, a Home Office insider told the Daily Mail: ‘As predicted, specialist immigration lawyers are pulling every trick in the book and exploiting every possible loophole to get their clients off the flight. ‘Every single person due to be relocated could and should have claimed asylum in a country they passed through, instead of coming to the UK illegally. ‘Priti won’t back down though, and government lawyers will be working around the clock to try and defeat as many of these barriers as possible, while changes through the Nationality and Borders Act will help drive down the merry-go-round of claims.’ People selected for the flight are apparently being held in detention centres like Colnbrook, near Heathrow Airport, and Brook House, near Gatwick Airport. The Home Office also came under fire at the weekend over plans to deport children as young as 16 to Rwanda as part of its controversial migration policy. The refugee charity Care4Calais claimed it is in contact with 70 detainees, with two of them said to be aged 16. Metro.co.uk also spoke to one of the asylum seekers – a 20-year-old man called Khaled, who made his way to the UK from Syria. Protesters will gather outside the Rwanda High Commission this evening to demand the Rwandan government drop Boris Johnson’s ‘shameful’ deal. The emergency action kicking off at 4pm has been organised by campaign groups Movement For Justice, and Black Activists Rising Against Cuts (BARAC). A Home Office spokesperson said: ‘Our world-leading partnership with Rwanda is a key part of our strategy to overhaul the broken asylum system. ‘We have been clear from the start that we expected legal challenges however we are determined to deliver this new partnership. ‘This marks a critical step towards operationalising the policy, which fully complies with international and national law.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.