WWE are reportedly worried Randy Orton could be ruled out for the rest of the year if his injury requires surgery. The 14-time world champion – who hasn’t been seen since losing a Tag Team Title Unification Match with Riddle against The Usos on May 20 – had been off television due to injury concerns. Now, it’s said the Viper has been dealing with the back injury for a while, with the situation getting ‘progressively worse’. Fightful reports that there are concerns within WWE that Orton may have to undergo surgery, which could mean he would miss the rest of 2022 as he recovers. A week after the tag match on SmackDown, WWE provided an official update on the future Hall of Famer’s wellbeing. In a statement on social media, they said: ‘Randy Orton is currently undergoing consultations with neurosurgeons and orthopedic spine surgeons to determine the extent of his injury and to recommend course of treatment.’ Earlier this year, the so-called Legend Killer admitted he had started to ‘feel’ the effects of his signature RKO finishing move, which his RK-Bro tag partner Riddle has started to adopt. ‘I kind of wish I could go back in time and create a finishing move that didn’t entail me jumping up as high as I can and landing on my back,’ he told Fox 2 Now in St. Louis back in January. ‘After doing that a couple of thousand times over the last few decades, I’m starting to feel it.’ Orton has been a mainstay for WWE over the past 20 years, and he had been heavily featured on their international tours, most recently teaming with RK-Bro teammate Riddle at The O2 in London. Speaking to Metro.co.uk before that show, the veteran reflected on his changing relationship with boss Vince McMahon and revealed: ‘He’s seen me in dark periods where I’ve had meltdowns and breakdowns in front of him. ‘I’ve beat my head against the wall in front of him, as a 25 year old man just emotional f***ing – “Arrrr!” – not knowing how to express myself.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE legend Randy Orton, 42, vows to outlast Roman Reigns and break records after 20 years in wrestling MORE : Officers drew guns on Jeff Hardy during WWE legend’s DUI arrest