Love Island viewers have been less than impressed by the islanders’ behaviour towards Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and have contacted Ofcom to complain. It all kicked off in scenes that aired on Thursday (June 23) when rugby star Jacques O’Neill exploded at our loveable ‘villain’ Ekin-Su, branding her a ‘f*cking headache’ in a dramatic screaming match. Their tense row was triggered when the 27-year-old actress expressed upset at Jay Younger for wanting to get to know Paige Thorne, even though she had ditched Davide Sanclimenti to couple up with him. While sitting around the fire pit, she told Jay: ‘I take everything back that I said here. I was calm, collected and it just hit me now what you have done. ‘You knew at the recoupling to stay safe that I would pick you. You could have got to know Paige from day dot.’ Ekin-Su continued: ‘Why would you open up to me? Saying all these cute things like “my head wouldn’t turn”. You full on led me on. I have been genuine with you. I coupled up with you. ‘Davide could have gone home, but I picked you. And now, all of a sudden, you want to get to know Paige? She’s in a secure relationship. Do you know how f*cking muggy that makes you look?’ Ekin-Su eventually stormed off, and Jacques threw himself into the action by saying that Jay ‘coupled up with you and he’s found out what you are in two days mate, a f*****g headache’. ‘That’s what he’s doing it for!’ he continued. ‘He’s getting t know people, why can’t people get to know each other?’ The hostile treatment towards Ekin-Su didn’t go unnoticed by viewers at home, who voiced their upset. ‘‘Sorry the way the islanders are treating Ekin-Su is bizarre I’m sure they wouldn’t doing this if she was a boy,’ one fumed. ‘The way these men are treating Ekin-Su is getting very old and very boring. Just consistent slut shaming is ridiculous,’ another penned. Television watchdog Ofcom has confirmed that it has received 75 complaints relating to the contestants’ treatment towards Ekin-Su. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 