Tomorrow marks the start of a spectacular four-day Bank Holiday weekend in honour of the Queen’s 70 year reign. She is the first British monarch to ever reach the milestone, and the nation is preparing to go all-out with their celebrations. More than 16,000 street parties are expected to be held over the weekend, while more than 1,500 beacons will be lit by communities across the country for Her Majesty. Some diehard Royal Family fans are already camping at The Mall to ensure they get a good spot for all the pageantry at Buckingham Palace. Everything kicks off tomorrow – the first Bank Holiday of the week – starting with the Trooping the Colour ceremony. For more than 260 years, the military parade has been held to mark the monarch’s official state birthday, but this one will be extra special. The 1st Battalion Irish Guards and more than 1,200 officers and soldiers from the Household Division putting on a display alongside hundreds of Army musicians and around 240 horses. There will also be a royal gun salute and a flypast which will see the iconic Red Arrows, a Lancaster Bomber, Supermarine Spitfires, and Hawker Hurricanes soaring over London. After the Trooping the Colour kicks off at 11am, the flypast is set to begin, weather permitting at around 11.45am. The planes will start in the Wash in East Anglia and travel over the North Sea towards Buckingham Palace for around 12.40pm. They will pass over parts of  Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex and Kent before making their way to London. Aircraft will also fly above parts of Surrey, Berkshire Buckinghamshire, Oxfordshire,  Gloucestershire and Wiltshire. Here’s a handy map setting out the routes the planes will take. The route is split into areas A to I. Most of the capital falls under E while parts of south London such as Mitcham and Croydon, along with Surrey, are covered by F. Depending on where you are in the country, here are some hotspots and timings in your area. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.