Strictly Come Dancing is reportedly interested in signing up Radio 2 Breakfast favourite Richie Anderson, who is often found on Zoe Ball’s morning show. Strictly is already fast approaching for its 2022 series, which will be its 20th outing on-screen. Of course, there is always speculation over who might be set to appear on the next star-studded line-up, with a popular BBC name now linked to the series. Richie, who presents the weekday mornings traffic and travel for Zoe and Ken Bruce, is said to be wanted by Strictly for this year’s batch of contestants. The Brummie presenter recently co-hosted the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee: Party At The Palace with Capital FM DJ, Roman Kemp. He often presents segments on The One Show and Richie has also contributed as a guest reviewer on Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two on BBC Two So it’s no surprise the Strictly superfan is the latest to be linked to the programme. A TV insider said: ‘As an out-and-proud gay man, Richie would help make it a diverse line-up — and would obviously have the option of dancing with a male pro. ‘Strictly are keen to keep the same-sex partnership as a regular feature on the show and Richie might just help them with that.’ Former Sunday league footballer Richie came out as gay to his teammates as part of a film The One Show, highlighting the pressures of homophobia in the sport. The source went on: ‘They also like less well-known stars to be in the mix, as they like celebrity contestants to go on a journey from underdog to top dog.’ They noted the success of Rose Ayling-Ellis and Stacey Dooley, who both went on to win despite only a ‘limited number of people’ knowing who they were. Last year saw John Whaite make the final with Johannes Radebe in the first all-male pairing in the show’s history. Fans absolutely loved their partnership together, which came the series after Strictly hosted its first-ever same-sex couple, with Nicola Adams and Katya Jones. Richie isn’t the first name that’s been tipped to enter the world of ballroom this year, with two royals on the list of speculated contestants. It’s been claimed that producers are vying to sign Mike Tindall and Lady Louise Windsor, in the year of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. England rugby star Mike, 43, who is married to Princess Anne’s daughter Zara, is believed to have been on producers’ radars for a while. Lady Louise, who is the daughter of Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, recently came into the public eye during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives for Strictly Come Dancing for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Inside Strictly Come Dancing’s Karen Hauer’s ‘fairytale’ wedding to Jordan Wyn-Jones at luxurious country retreat MORE : Prince Charles and Camilla planning to host Strictly Come Dancing from inside Buckingham Palace 