Canadian comedian Nick Nemeroff has died aged 32, with tributes coming in for the beloved funnyman. His family confirmed his ‘sudden’ death on Monday evening local time, as they paid tribute to the ‘comic’s comic’. The comedian’s cause of death is not yet known. Stand-up Nemeroff was nominated for a Juno Award for Comedy Album of the Year for his 2020 album The Pursuit of Comedy Has Ruined My Life. Throughout his career, Nemeroff – who was from Montreal, Quebec – had appeared on Conan O’Brien’s talk show Conan, and had made appearances at Montreal comedy festival Just for Laughs, as well as the Winnipeg Comedy Festival. He also starred in two episodes of the second series of comedy TV show Roast Battle Canada, in which pairs of comedians roast each other on stage and a judging panel – made up of Russell Peters, Sabrina Jalees, and K. Trevor Wilson – decides upon the winner of each battle. A statement on Nemeroff’s Instagram page read: ‘It is with profound sadness that we announce the sudden passing of our beloved brother Nick Nemeroff. ‘Nick’s dedication to standup comedy was formidable, and produced amazing results. He drew acclaim in Canada and the US, becoming both a ‘comic’s comic’ and a hit with crowds who were enamoured by his unique cadence, labyrinthine deadpan, and fresh take on misdirection-driven comedy. ‘If Nick was on a comedy show, he was guaranteed to leave with new fans. And he deserved to, because comedy was, in many ways, his life. ‘Endlessly sweet, supportive of others, humble about his many skills and achievements, Nick lived his life doing what he loved, and that is how he will be remembered. RIP Nick. We love you. (sic)’ Several stars have paid tribute to the late funnyman, including Alan Shane Lewis, co-host of The Great Canadian Baking Show, who wrote: ‘I’m at a loss for words. You’ll truly be missed. My condolences to any family seeing this. Nick was a great person.’ TV writer Robby Hoffman wrote on Instagram: ‘Such a brilliant beautiful boy,’ while New Zealand comedian Melanie Bracewell posted: ‘So sad, Rest In Peace Nick.’ Writer Amanda Brooke Perrin added: ‘Love you friend.’ Nemeroff’s agency Grand Wave Entertainment, wrote: ‘We have been so proud to watch Nick grow in to one of Canada’s most popular and respected comedians.’ In lieu of flowers, his family has asked for ‘donations in his memory may be made to the Planned Parenthood chapter of your choice.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.