Welcome back to How I Made It, Metro.co.uk’s weekly career journey series. This week we’re looking at the modelling industry from the perspective of a model (and in a later week we’ll be looking at it from a casting agent’s side), with the talented Kelly Moreira. Kelly is signed with Elite Model Management London and has been in the game for over 12 years. Currently living in London, she’s 30 years old and has spent the last decade living and travelling through other parts of the world, doing a stint in the US. Kelly is honest about the reality of modelling – from the amazing highs, such as travelling, to the less glamorous side, which can be littered with loneliness. There are a lot of myths to debunk too – modelling is a tough job. She tells us: ‘I think the biggest myth about modelling is that we get free clothes for every shoot or fashion show we do. I wish, but that rarely happens.’ A job is a job, at the end of the day, and Kelly gets it done well. Here’s how she made it. Hey Kelly. How did you get into modelling – were you scouted? I got into modelling by doing the famous Elite Model Look competition. I heard about this modelling contest since I was young girl and at 17 I decided to give it a chance and participate. Back in those days, they used to do their first round of selection in shopping malls. They would organise big events where hundreds of girls would come with their parents to get a chance to be seen. That particular year, they introduced for the first time an online application. It was perfect for me as I was very shy and not really confident in what I was doing. I remember you had to submit your pictures through Myspace – that tells you how long ago it was. Did that competition launch your career? I made to the final 10 girls. It was such a moment of relied and excitement. My mom was with me that day, so I had the best person by my side to celebrate the good news. We had one week of intense training, learning all the basic skills to become a model: how to walk in heels, how to pose, the process of a photoshoot. We also went on a TV talk show and did many interviews. You really felt like you already had a foot into the industry. On the day of the final, they had invited a lot people: French celebrities, famous models, TV journalists. It was a big show. I did not win that day. I thought everything was over but at least I gave it a chance and gave my best. But a week later, Elite Model Management London phoned me and said that they wanted to sign a contract with me, despite the fact that I didn’t win the contest. I was over the moon. I will never forget that day where my model career started. Two months later, I was doing my first Fashion Week and walking for the biggest fashion designer in Paris. Is the reality as glamorous as it looks on the outside? Don’t get me wrong, modelling can be glamorous. For example, sometimes the clients put you in business class to fly to a location and book you at a nice hotel. Or you get invited to big event/parties. But all of the above are really occasional things. The reality of modelling is that it is far from being all glitter and parties everyday – especially at the beginning when you’re trying to make a name for yourself. I remember sharing a flat with other models when I first lived in New York, all trying to make a name for ourselves. I didn’t realise the amount of time we wait around as part of our job. During Fashion week for example, it wasn’t unusual to wait for hours to meet a casting director that may or may not book you for a show. I think what people also don’t realise is that it’s a lonely job. A lot of time you are on your own. Even though you travel to places, get to stay in nice locations… You do all of it alone, specially at the beginning. How do you cope with being scrutinised as part of your job? Your image being your main tool for your job can be stressful but I try not to put too much pressure on myself. I work the best I can and I always remind myself that at the end of the day, this is fashion and not the end of the world! What’s it like being Black in this world – have you encountered racialised issues on the job? When I started modelling, there wasn’t the same level of progression or representation that we’re seeing today. So as a Black model, my agent had to plan my career accordingly from the get go. I was told early on that I would find it difficult to work in France (where I was from) and was advised by my agent to move to New York, as I would have more opportunities there. So that is what I did, I moved to US at the age of 18. Over the last years I’ve seen significant changes in right representation and brand inclusivity and diversity. I still sometimes face challenges, like having to deal with creative teams that don’t know how to work my hair or have the appropriate makeup product for my skin. But you can definitely feel that people in my industry are willing to listen, learn and educate themselves. Is there anything you know now you wish you’d known at the start? When I started modelling I was quite naïve to the business side of the industry. I’ve grown to understand that as a model you’re your own brand, your own business and your own boss. Making smart investments in yourself and in your finances early on is key for the longevity of your career. How does social media affect your job today? Do casting agents take note of it? I am the generation of model that started when Instagram didn’t exist. Even when social media appeared, it took me years to actually subscribe. I think Instagram is a great platform for models who are looking to build their profiles on their own. I’m aware that sometimes clients and casting directors are now booking girls depending on the numbers of their followers. Nonetheless there are still a lot of brands who value a model based on her talent, her experience, her career and work ethic. Honestly, I try not to put too much pressure on myself to gain followers and only use my social media as a tool to display some of my work and share things that I’m passionate about. What’s the best piece of career advice you’ve had? The best advice I was given is the one I told myself from the beginning up until now: stay grounded and humble. What’s your favourite thing about the job? I get to travel so much and meet so many people with different backgrounds, different stories, different languages. It definitely opened my mind to a different level. What do you like least about the job? With the travelling, I can miss family when I’m away for a long time. MORE : How I Made It: ‘I was told I’d amount to nothing – now I’m a famous sculptor’ MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’ve grafted my way to the top of the makeup artistry industry’ MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m a forensic psychiatrist – studying the minds of notorious criminals’