They do say that the best fashion investments are those that you’ll wear again and again – and permanent ‘shoes’ certainly offer a low cost-per-wear. A Manchester-based tattoo artist has come up with an ingenious solution to spending a fortune on trainers; permanently tattooing a pair on a customer’s feet. Dean Gunther, 34, originally from Bellville, South Africa, moved to the UK five years ago and opened his own studio in Greater Manchester called DG Tattoo art. He first started inking people at just 21 years old, and has always looked for ways to help his patrons and the local community. The artist recently went viral after saving a customer a fortune on a gym membership by giving him a permanent six-pack tattoo. And he’s not stopping there when it comes to madcap ideas – with his latest design proving even more bizarre. Sharing his creation on TikTok and Instagram, where a video showing the art has racked up over two million views, Dean reveals how he tattooed a pair of shoes on a customer’s feet. ‘I wanted to create the illusion that the person is wearing shoes, even though he’s bare feet,’ Dean told NeedToKnow.online. ‘It will definitely make you look twice.’ Dean found the sneaker his customer liked best, viewed the image in 360 degrees and then drew it onto his foot, freehand. The piece took Dean around two hours to draw and another eight hours to tattoo onto both feet – which is no mean feat on such a sensitive area. His idea was a huge hit on social media, with one commenter saying, ‘they’ll last you forever’ and another writing: ‘Save a fortune on trainers.’ ‘Wow brave man both feet,’ added another user, clearly stunned by the customer being able to handle the pain of tattooing this body part. Dean said: ‘Drawing the tattoo on my free hand was the most challenging part. ‘I had to make sure everything flows with the contours of the body. A stencil would not work in this case, so it’s all freehand. ‘Once that was on, the tattooing was straightforward.’ Speaking of the customer who braved the inky sneakers, the artist added: ‘He’s tired of paying for shoes, so he decided he will get his favourite pair of Nikes tattooed on him and he can see the funny side to it! ‘Definitely a great conversation starter. His wife loves it too.’ Dean, who recently won Best In Show at the Liverpool Tattoo convention with a stunning African-inspired tattoo that took three days to complete, has also given a hint to his next tattoo. He says it will be one of the most emotional pieces he’s attempted, in hopes of bringing awareness to cancer. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Pet owners urged to ‘stop and think’ before buying ‘cute but unwell’ bulldogs MORE : Need to sort out your rubbish posture? This top can help back pain and slouching in just two weeks