Beyonce reportedly has a special surprise in store for her UK fans as she prepares to ramp up promotion for her next album. The Singles Ladies hitmaker is said to be on the verge of releasing her seventh studio album, which will be her first in six years. With fans having to wait so long for new Beyonce music, the singer is reportedly planning on spending a great deal of time engaging with fans across the pond. A source has claimed that the 40-year-old pop star will be hosting a set of ‘intimate shows and pop-up performances’ around the UK later this year. ‘There will be unique surprises in store for the British fans,’ the insider said. ‘People in her camp have scouted out venues for her to perform at when the music comes out and then there will be another huge tour later on.’ The Sun also reports that the next phase of Beyonce’s career will be like no other, putting a heavy focus on these interactive pop-up performances with a full world tour to follow later. Beyonce released her last album, Lemonade, in April 2016 and it proved to be her most experimental record yet drawing on a variety of sounds including rock, pop, R&B and reggae. It featured hit songs such as Formation, Hold Up and Sorry, themes including Black excellence and husband Jay Z’s infidelity. Last year, the Halo singer hinted at themes to expect from her next album after writing new music during the Covid pandemic. Speaking to Harper’s Bazaar in August 2021, she said: ‘With all the isolation and injustice over the past year, I think we are all ready to escape, travel, love, and laugh again. I feel a renaissance emerging, and I want to be part of nurturing that escape in any way possible. ‘I’ve been in the studio for a year and a half.’ This month, Beyonce fans have been keeping their eyes peeled for clues about her new music. The Beyhive’s antennae were raised when the singer removed the profile pictures from all her social media channels, fuelling speculation they will be replaced by new promo photos related to the album. Elsewhere in Carter-land, Jay Z and Blue Ivy were spotted sharing a heartwarming moment as they enjoyed a daddy-daughter date at the NBA Finals in San Francisco. However, Beyonce was nowhere to be seen as she was most likely at home with twins Rumi and Sir, who turned five on Sunday. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Beyonce’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Beyonce wipes out social media profile pics and fans are obviously freaking out over the possibility of new music: ‘What is happening?’ MORE : Chris Martin dedicates romantic Coldplay song to Beyonce and Jay Z as couple enjoy date night at gig 