There were lengthy queues of drivers at a Tesco petrol station in Cambridgeshire today after its price of petrol dropped to 168.9p – significantly below the national average. People rushed to fill up at the forecourt in Ely after word spread that the fuel price had been reduced by at least 20p per litre. Data from the RAC shows the average price of unleaded is currently 191p per litre. But at the Tesco in Ely, the price was 168p – more than 20p cheaper than the nearest BP garage, which had a standard price of 189p. However, Disel was still selling for 198p, in line with the national average. Many fuel retailers are facing accusations of profiteering as petrol prices hit new highs despite easing wholesale costs. Unleaded petrol reached a fresh record of 191.05p a litre in England on Sunday, while diesel hit new highs of 199.09p on Saturday. Fuel prices have been driven up by the war in Ukraine and sanctions to reduce Europe’s dependence on Russian oil. However, prices have continued to rise despite the government announcing a 5p cut in fuel duty in March. Many fuel retailers have not passed on the savings to customers, ignoring repeated please from Downing Street to do so. It now costs more than £105 to fill a 55-litre family car with petrol, up from about £72 a year ago. AA president Edmund King, in a nod to Quentin Tarantino’s 1994 dark comedy/crime film Pulp Fiction, said today: ‘Pump prices are now more like ‘pump fiction’ as they don’t reflect the general downward trends we have been seeing in wholesale prices. ‘This is now an urgent situation. ‘The Prime Minister has hinted at action but we need more than hints. ‘Pressure to force price transparency and a cut in duty would be a step in the right direction.’ RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams also said it’s been difficult to understand how retailers can justify maintaining price hikes as the wholesale cost of petrol is reduced. He said: ‘We strongly hope pump prices have peaked for the time being and will now start to decrease in line with wholesale prices which reduced last week. ‘That, however, is in the hands of retailers.’ Downing Street has previously suggested it could name and shame rip off retailers not passing on the fuel duty cut. Earlier this month, the Competition and Markets Authority launched a ‘short and focused review’ of how much drivers are being charged for fuel after a request by Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng. Today, Chancellor Rishi Sunak hinted a bigger cut in fuel duty could be on the way. Ex-Work and Pensions Secretary Esteher McVey called for a reduction of at least 20p per litre to help cash-strapped drivers struggling with the cost of living crisis. Mr Sunak said he appreciated the fuel duty cut was ‘not being felt at the pumps’ and that he would consider further support. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.