A Frenchman has broken the world record for completing the most bungee jumps in 24 hours by leaping off a bridge in Scotland 765 times. Francois-Marie Dibon, jumping from Garry Bridge in Perthshire, broke the previous record by 335 leaps. Looking fresh-faced minutes after his mammoth achievement at the Highland Fling Bungee platform, the 44-year-old from Paris said: ‘I feel like my brain thinks that it’s still jumping.’ Having started his leaps at 10.10am yesterday, Mr Dibon, who works as an actuary in Stockholm, Sweden, beat the previous record in just over 12 hours as he completed his 431st jump at 10.30pm. Another 12 hours later, to cheers from the crew helping him and Queen’s We Are The Champions blaring from speakers, he completed his final jump. Mr Dibon said: ‘I don’t feel the tiredness yet. I feel the excitement of completing this record with the team. ‘I still feel the collective energy. ‘Everyone has been very efficient, super-focused and dedicated all the time. It’s a collective victory.’ When asked what he would do to wind down, Mr Dibon said: ‘Usually solutions are simple, so I am going to sleep. ‘But, of course, I am also going to celebrate with the group.’ Each jump comprised a 40-metre plummet into the tree-lined gorge of the River Garry, with his crew winching him back to the platform each time. On average, Mr Dibon completed one jump every 113 seconds. He said sweets and occasional sips of water kept his energy levels up throughout the 24-hour quest, with one late lunch of ham and rice. ‘The rest was the energy of the team that nourished me and carried me to the end,’ he added. Mr Dibon said the moments he found most challenging were reaching the 200th and 600th marks as ‘they felt longer than usual’. And the Frenchman explained he was on a special diet ahead of the big day that limited his need for loo breaks. The world record final jump at Garry Bridge concluded months of training and more than five years of planning. It was also an astonishing achievement for Mr Dibon, who had a fear of heights well into his 30s before his first bungee jump 11 years ago. The 15-strong crew from Highland Fling bungee specialists worked in shifts to water, feed and support him. Mr Dibon rested just once, with the crew using that moment to change the elasticated bungee cord for safety. Laurie ‘Loz’ Thomas, Highland Fling bungee jump master and operations manager, said: ‘I only worked three shifts and feel shattered so I can only imagine how Francois-Marie feels. ‘I am proud of every single person involved.’ Guinness World Record adjudicator Joanne Brent described the feat as ‘inspiring’, praising the Frenchman’s positivity and focus as well as his manner with his crew.’ New Zealander Mike Heard previously held the world record with 430 leaps at Auckland Harbour Bridge in May 2017. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.