Treasure hunters who have discovered a haul of vintage wine at the bottom of the English Channel are fighting for permission to salvage it. A German U-boat sank the Libourne off the coast of Cornwall on September 29 1918, just six weeks before the end of the First World War. At the time, merchant ships were frequently sunk by German U-boats with as many as 15 a day being taken out as they attempted to reach British ports. The Libourne was returning to the UK from a mission to deliver coal to allied forces and set off from Bordeaux on the morning she sank with a hold full of wine, champagne, brandy, Benedictine and £425 worth of gherkins. But she never made her intended final destination of Liverpool as she was struck by the U-54 captained by Hellmuth von Ruckteschell as she approached Penzance. The Libourne sank in less than half an hour. Three men were killed in the explosion but amazingly 30 survived. Now, more than 100 years later the wreck of the Libourne is at the centre of a new battle between marine explorers and Historic England and the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS). Daniel Jayson, an expert in underwater operations, naval historian Ian Hudson and Belgian sea captain and salvage expert Luc Heymans have been searching British waters for salvageable wrecks. The group decided to hunt for wrecks off the British coast because, unlike many marine jurisdictions, the UK permits treasure hunting. While it is illegal to disturb war graves, wrecks which contain dead bodies, Britain has not signed the 2001 Unesco treaty that forbids the exploitation of underwater wrecks for commercial gain. The team successfully located the wreck of the Libourne in 2015 and sent a team of divers down to explore it. The ship’s manifest mentioned gherkins alongside ‘champagne and brandy — 1900’, but the explorers were shocked when they discovered the vessel was carrying a lot more. Photographs and video revealed tens of thousands of bottles of not just brandy and champagne but red and white wine as well as Benedictine. The treasure-hunters applied for permission to salvage the bottles, an expensive and technically difficult operation involving highly specialised divers. But the Government refused the request, even after the team pledged to donate some of the profits to the Lizard Lifeboat Station and a maritime history research non-profit called the 1421 Foundation. Daniel Jayson told MailOnline: ‘I thought this government was meant to be in favour of business. ‘We have invested a lot of money and went ahead with the exploratory dive knowing that the law allowed it. ‘But we were subsequently told that the Government, despite not signing the Unesco treaty, applies its policy.’ Daniel said that he and his team has been told they could bring up a ‘few bottles to evaluate’ but said it would be ‘financially impossible’ to get investment for such a small number. He said the wreck was at risk of being lost due to damage from trawlers and as corks on some of the bottles start to degrade. Daniel claimed there was ‘no common sense’ to the Government’s decision. ‘We’ve tried to have grown-up conversations with Historic England, but we have got nowhere,’ he said. ‘If they don’t let us salvage it, the cargo will simply be lost. It’s bureaucratic nonsense.’ The are suspicions the wine in the wreck of Libourne may be worth millions of pounds with similar vintages of fine wines found in Swedish waters recently fetching up to £9,000 apiece. Ian Hudson said the deep ocean is the ‘perfect cellar’. ‘Many wine houses are storing wine underwater now,’ he told MailOnline. ‘I’ve spoken to experts who sampled wines previously salvaged from wrecks and the flavour is amazing. It can sell for 25,000 euros a bottle.’ ‘There has never been anything of this age or quantity found off the coast in UK waters. ‘We could learn how wine is affected at depth, whether corks are pushed in from the pressure, or get bacteria in them. ‘We know that the corks on the brandy have lead sheathing over the top so they will be in pristine condition.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Historic England and the DCMS for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 