The humble pineapple is beloved among the masses. Refreshing, sweet and delicious, it just couldn’t have a secret hidden meaning. Or could it? Well, sorry to break it to you, readers, but you will never look at a pineapple in the same way ever again. TikTokkers are now exposing the ranchy underground symbol that indicates couples are eager for erotic experimentation. And the symbol in question is an upside-down pineapple. It seems that travellers looking to experiment sexually are pinning posters of upside-down pineapples to their hotel and cruise ship cabin doors to let fellow vacationers know they’re up for swinging. Some revellers are even using welcome mats. The hashtag #UpsideDownPineapple has garnered over 142million views on TikTok as of today. Some clips are also claiming that some swingers even leave an actual pineapple upturned in front of their Airbnb accommodation to indicate that they enjoy partner swapping. ‘People’s sex drives tend to go off the charts during vacations,’ says John Kamau, CEO of the hook-up app Cruise Ship Mingle, in conversation with The Post. He adds that he is shocked by the number of swinging couples signing up to his business. While some swingers are being more obvious with their hints, others are using subtle signs. ‘Tell me you’re a swinger without telling me you’re a swinger,’ one experimental TikTokker wrote beneath a viral video showing her turning her pineapple earring upside down. It is unknown when the fruit become the unofficial symbol of swinging, but slang experts saw a rise in its use among swingers in the 1990s. According to the popular travel tips website Cruise Mummy, upside-down pineapples are now often seen on the cabin doors of cruise ships. ‘If you see pineapple on a cruise ship door it means that the people in the cabin are up for meeting other couples for ‘adult fun,’’ an anonymous tipster on the site wrote. And some cruises have even jumped on the trend. According to Cruise Mummy, P&O Cruises’ new ship Iona offers a drink that comes in a cup shaped like an upside-down pineapple. So there you have it, if you find yourself on holidays or on a cruise over the coming months, keep an eye out for those pineapples. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Is vaginal spotting after sex normal? When to get checked out MORE : ‘Coronesty’ and how the pandemic has changed attitudes to dating MORE : Looks fade, sex dwindles – laughter is the most important thing in any marriage