The forecasts are predicting a sun-kissed summer, which means us Brits will be making the most of the warm weather. As a nation, we reaffirmed our love of the humble picnic during the pandemic, as social gatherings were forced outside. And with the great picnic revival came kit to go with it, from quaint wicker baskets to carry our snacks in to portable pre-mixed cocktails for al fresco tipples. Any seasoned picnic enthusiast knows the value of a great blanket, but premium products don’t need to cost the earth. Rise and Fall has recently launched its own luxury picnic blanket range to bridge that gap between luxury and affordability. Made to withstand food spillages and afternoon naps in equal portions, the brand’s Premium Merino Wool Picnic Blanket is an essential must-have for those who’ll be spending their summer in the great outdoors. The premium Merino Wool blend is durable and comfortable, with a 100% waterproof polyester underside to keep you dry. Wool is hypoallergenic, making it perfect for those with sensitive skin. The blanket comes in three styles; Classic Blue Tartan, Muted Cream and Blue Tartan, and Aqua Blue Herringbone. It also comes with a sturdy double-handled leather carrier with antique brass buckles. Tweecore to the max. Handy built-in corner peg holes allow the blanket to be tied down too, which may be necessary given how the wind can kick up (even on the sunniest of days). The best part? You can get your hands on them for up to 50% less than you’d fork out other luxury brands, due to Rise and Fall’s manufacturer partnership model. While the blankets may look pricey, they’re surprisingly affordable at £65 each. Compared to £103 for a similar style at Tartan Blanket Co or £125 at Fortnum and Mason – neither of which are made with Merino – that’s a big saving. Get the Rise and Fall Merino Wool Waterproof Picnic Blanket here. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to help your pets keep cool in a heatwave MORE : Everything to know about using a hyperbaric chamber – including the benefits 