If you thought Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu’s already had a dramatic time in the Love Island villa… just get ready for tomorrow night’s episode. Tonight, two bombshells made their entrances on the series, as the islanders welcomed singer-songwriter Antigoni Buxton and real estate developer Charlie Radnedge into the fray. The new arrivals sparked a lot of chatter, excitement and tension among the contestants – but the state of Ekin-Su’s relationship with Jay Younger – and his attraction to Paige Thorne despite his blossoming romance with Jacques O’Neill – looks set to bring a fiery row. In the teaser for Thursday’s instalment, narrator Iain Stirling teased: ‘Tomorrow night, tempers flare in paradise.’ Jay and Ekin-Su were then shown in a heated conversation at the firepit, as the soap actress said to the investment analyst: ‘It’s just hit me now what you’ve done. ‘You’re telling me now you want to get to know Paige. She’s in a secure relationship. Do you know how muggy that makes you look?’ Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack, who are currently being shipped as one of the favourite pairings in the villa – reacted with shock to the quarrel as they overheard shady digs being dropped. Jay tried to retort to Ekin-Su, saying to her: ‘Well I was getting to know you, and things just…,’ before trailing off. ‘Things what?’ she replied, before pointing out how other people perceived her as playing a game when she switched her allegiance from Davide Sanclimenti to Jay. ‘Apparently I was a player, but the biggest player was you. And you deserve the biggest Oscar in here. So well done,’ she said, clapping mockingly. As she got up from her seat, walking away and flipping her hair, Ekin-Su added brutally: ‘You should just f**k off Jay.’ What new moves has Jay made to pursue Paige that have enraged Ekin-Su? And could Jacques be feeling similarly angry? Considering Paige and Jacques recently spent the night alone together in the Hideaway, they seem to be going from strength to strength… but Jacques did appear slightly intrigued by Antigoni at the sametime. We have our popcorn at the ready! Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu sweats over competition and two new bombshells storm villa – Love Island episode 17 talking points MORE : Who is Love Island bombshell Charlie Radnedge? New boy looking for ‘fiery girl’ and has eyes for Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu 