London Pride is just around the corner. This Saturday, the annual LGBTQ+ celebration returns to the capital. And this year is a big one, too – as we mark 50 years since the historic march of 1972. Thousands are expected to line the streets and watch the London Pride parade, which is due to commence at 12pm from Hyde Park Corner. If you’re watching the parade this year, maybe you’re looking for a warm-up party, or a way to keep the festivities going afterwards. Fear not, there are a number of brilliant events taking place in the capital across the day. We’ve rounded up some exciting parties and events to check out. The Coral Room will be transformed into a catwalk this weekend for a celebratory brunch – complete with performers, dancers and drag artists. The ‘At The Ball Pride’ daytime brunch will serve up killer looks, dancing and plenty to eat with a two-course brunch and disco-worthy cocktails, such as Frozen Banana Daquiris. Plates include smoothie bowls, pancakes, bagels and more. thecoralroom.co.uk/the-bloomsbury-pride-party/ Want to carry on the party after the parade? Electric Brixton is hosting a Pride extravaganza – with everything coming up pink. electricbrixton.uk.com/events/we-pink-pride-2022/ Love Drag Race? Head down to Berners Tavern this Saturday lunchtime to enjoy performances from Gigi Goode and Symone. The charity brunch is in support of The Albert Kennedy Trust and Switchboard and promises live music, special guest performances and a charity raffle with donations from UGG, Daniel Fletcher, Bimini Bon Boulash, Anastasia Beverley Hills, PINKO and YOOX. Enjoy three hours of non-stop anthems while sailing down the Thames at this Pride boat party. A DJ will be on hand to ensure there’s never a dull moment, plus musicians and dancers are on the bill. thebrunchclub.co.uk An evening of fun awaits at The Bloomsbury Club as it hosts ‘The Pride Late Show’ – following the capital’s Pride parade. Drag King Beau Jangles will host the evening of fun, promising singing, dancing, music and more. Food and drinks are on offer too, including cocktails paying homage to Pride month – such as The Swizzle of the Night and Lady Marmalade. thecoralroom.co.uk/the-bloomsbury-pride-party/ If you want to party on into th early hours with day and night event at Ministry of Sound could be just the ticket. The special Pride event will feature Joshua James, Raw Silk, Shay Malt and more during the day, with Fat Tony, Fka.m4a, Jess Bays and Paul Morrell at the helm when the sun goes down. ministryofsound.com/club/events/2022/july/ministry-of-pride-day/ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : From gin to IPA, the best LGBTQ+ tipples to buy this Pride month MORE : These rainbow ‘chub rub’ shorts are perfect for a hot Pride summer MORE : For years, I thought Pride was pointless – until I went to one 