A retired pig farmer accused of murdering his wife and dumping her body in a septic tank nearly 40 years ago tried to point the finger at serial killer Fred West, a court has heard. David Venables, 89, is said to have killed ‘prim and proper’ Brenda Venables, then 48, back in 1982 to get her ‘out of the way’ so he could rekindle a ‘long-standing’ affair with nurse Lorraine Styles. Worcester Crown Court was told he ‘got away with murder’ for 37 years until her remains were found in the cesspit by a farmhouse they previously shared in Kempsey, Worcestershire, in 2019. Jurors have heard that Venables prepared a written statement when he was arrested in which he suggested West, who killed at least 12 people between 1967 and 1987 in neighbouring Gloucestershire, could be behind his wife’s death. Michael Burrows QC, prosecuting, read extracts of the statement out in court, in which he described how they had been watching the invasion of the Falkland Islands unfold on the news on May 3. He said they chatted about the money for a holiday abroad, which he thought ‘would be beneficial for Brenda’, before both went to bed at 10.30pm. When he woke up at 6.30am on May 4, the statement went on, ‘she wasn’t there’. It continued: ‘I’d assumed she’d gone downstairs to make some tea. After a short while she didn’t appear. ‘At the same time as Brenda’s disappearance, Fred West of Gloucester was picking up women. ‘In fact, after Brenda went missing, I had a phone call from a lady to say that she had been picked up by West and had escaped. ‘Since then, I have often thought that this is what could have happened to Brenda. ‘When the time came when he wanted to get rid of her, being a builder, he would have no doubt found out where she lived. ‘He’d have thought a septic tank was an easy place to dispose of her body. ‘There was a public footpath three to four metres from the tank, it would have been very easy to gain knowledge of the tank without suspicion. ‘If there was no crop on the adjacent field, a vehicle could have easily driven right to the tank. This is purely a possibility.’ Opening the prosecution case this week, Mr Burrows told jurors Venables, then 49, killed his wife and dumped her body in a septic tank in the grounds of Quaking House Farm, where the couple had lived since 1961. He said: ‘The truth, say the prosecution, is that it was David Venables who killed her. He wanted her out of the way. He wanted to resume his long-standing affair with another woman. ‘He knew about the septic tank in its secluded location. It was for him almost the perfect hiding place.’ The prosecutor added: ‘And for nearly 40 years, it was the perfect place and he got away with murder.’ Mr Burrows told jurors on Tuesday that the idea Brenda had either been killed by someone else or taken her own life was ‘fanciful’. He said: ‘She couldn’t and didn’t fall in it by accident. It stretches credibility beyond belief to suggest this was suicide. She didn’t write a suicide note, she hadn’t in the conversations been threatening the night before to commit suicide. ‘There is no suggestion that she overdosed. There’s a river close by, she could’ve drove there, but she didn’t. She wouldn’t have got up in the night, got dressed to go outside to commit suicide by climbing into the septic tank. ‘She wouldn’t go out the front door, the back door was closer. She was not the sort of woman to leave the front door open. She was a prim and proper lady. She wouldn’t choose to end her life in a septic tank, nobody would. ‘That’s why pathologists have found no record of anyone committing suicide by climbing into a septic tank. ‘If Brenda Venables had woken in the night and heard someone outside, she wouldn’t have got up alone, and gone out to confront them on her own, she would’ve woke her husband. ‘She had bad ankles and had hurt her leg; she didn’t like walking. She would never choose to walk out of the house at all in the middle of the night. ‘The idea that she got dressed and walked out of the house on her own and confronted someone who attacked and killed her and hid her body in the tank that was hidden from view and that so few people knew about, is fanciful. ‘As is any suggestion that she was killed elsewhere. Nobody else was there except David Venables. He had a motive to kill her. He had a long-standing affair with another woman, Lorraine Styles. ‘In 1982, he was telling Lorraine Styles he wanted to live with her and get a divorce. Brenda Venables knew he would never leave the house or farm. ‘He knew that Brenda Venables knew about the affair, and he knew that she would never divorce him. To him Brenda was an obstacle.’ Venables, of Kempsey, denies murdering his wife between May 2 and May 5, 1982, and the trial, scheduled to last six weeks, continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.