Glastonbury crowds were met with a video message from President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky this morning ahead of the Libertines’ set, as the leader pleaded for peace amid his embattled country’s war with Russia. Addressing the punters on The Other Stage on Friday, Zelensky said: ‘Greetings Glastonbury, the festival resumes this year after a two-year break. ‘The pandemic has put on hold lives of millions of people around the world, but has not broken. ‘We, in Ukraine, would also like to live the life as we used to and enjoy freedom and this wonderful summer. ‘But we cannot do that because the most terrible has happened.’ His video was projected onto several giant screens, before Pete Doherty and Carl Barat took to the stage and performed to a packed crowd. He continued: ‘Russia has stolen our peace. But we will not let Russia’s war break us and we want to stop the war before it ruins peoples lives in other countries in Europe, Africa, Asia, Latin America. They are all under threat now. That is why I turn to you for support.’ Branding Glastonbury ‘the greatest concentration of freedom these days’ he asked for festival-goers to ‘share this feeling with everyone whose freedom is under attack’. He said: ‘Spread the truth about Russia’s war. Help Ukrainains who are forced to flee their homes because of the war. ‘Find our United24 charity platform and put pressure on all politicians you know to help restore peace in Ukraine. ‘Time is priceless and every day is measurable in human lives. The more people join us in defending freedom and truth the sooner Russia’s war against Ukraine war will end. ‘Prove that freedom always wins.’ Thanking the crowd at the end of the video, Zelensky’s message was succeeded by the Libertines’ set. Doherty, seemingly anticipating a classic Glastonbury downpour, walked onto the stage in a long, hooded cape, as he joined the rest of the band – which also counts members John Hassall and Gary Powell – for ‘unprecedented’ pre-noon slot. MORE : JK Rowling’s team slams ‘distasteful’ prank as author is tricked into fake video call with Ukraine’s President Zelensky MORE : Ben Stiller meets President Volodymyr Zelensky after pleading for support for refugees in Ukraine: ‘You’re my hero’