Elon Musk’s ex-wife, Justine, shared an exchange she had with her children after the daughter she has with the tech mogul applied to legally change her name. It was revealed that the 18-year-old has asked to change her gender recognition from male to female, and change her name from Xavier Alexander Musk. The teenager is reportedly changing her name to Vivian Jenna Wilson, using her mom’s surname. Speaking after the move, Justine – who shares twins Griffin and (formerly) Xavier, and triplets Kai, Saxon and Damian with the Tesla CEO – revealed an exchange she had with one of her kids. In a post shared on Twitter, she didn’t specify which of the twins she spoke to, but told followers: ‘”I had a weird childhood,” my 18 year old said to me. “I can’t believe I’m as normal-seeming as I am”. ‘I said, “I’m very proud of you. I’m proud of myself!”’ Court documents filed at the Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles, show that Elon’s daughter requested to change her name and gender recognition. The reason cited in the paperwork reportedly reads: ‘Gender Identity and the fact that I no longer live with or wish to be related to my biological father in any way, shape or form.’ According to reports, the documents were filed shortly after the teenager turned 18, but became public on Monday, the day after Father’s Day. Elon shares five children with ex-wife Justine, who he was married to between 2000 and 2008. He also has X Æ A-Xii (nicknamed X), two, and Exa Dark Sideræl (nicknamed Y), six months, with singer Grimes. It was revealed in December that he had welcomed his second child with his on-off girlfriend, with the pair initially keeping quiet about Exa’s arrival. Grimes – real name Claire Elise Boucher – later unveiled the newborn’s nickname as Y in an interview with Vanity Fair. Touching on why she decided to keep Exa’s arrival under wraps, she told the publication: ‘I don’t know. I don’t know what I was thinking.’ Sharing an update on the little one, the mom-of-two added: ‘She’s a little colicky too.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stranger Things season 4 volume 2: Release date, trailer, cast, and more MORE : Beyonce’s new music videos ‘to pay tribute to 90s supermodels’ after Break My Soul and we sense Naomi Campbell 