A British journalist was told to ‘go back to your country’ by Republican Marjorie Taylor Greene when she challenged the politician on America’s gun laws. The Republican Representative for Georgia lashed out at Channel 4’s Washington correspondent Siobhan Kennedy after she questioned Taylor Greene on America’s gun control at a press conference. Ms Greene, 48, told the room it was her party’s job to ‘defend the Second Amendment’. Challanging the Republican on the validity of the legislation, Siobhan pointed out that the UK doesn’t ‘have mass shootings’ or the Second Amendment. She said: ‘We don’t have guns in the UK, that is true, but we don’t have mass shootings either. And our children aren’t scared to go to school.’ Ms Greene had stepped away from the microphone when the Siobhan made the comment and quickly became aggressive saying: ‘You have mass stabbings, lady. You have all kinds of murder and you’ve got laws against that.’ ‘Not like the rates here,’ Siobhan responded. ‘Well, you can go back to your country and worry about your no guns,’ Ms Greene shot back. ‘We like our guns here.’ Ms Greene later posted a video of the exchange on Twitter saying: ‘When British press wants to argue about our God-given American gun rights, my answer is: “go back to your own country”.’ Hitting back Siobhan tweeted: ‘Marjorie Taylor Greene isn’t happy with me for pointing out that the proposed gun legislation is not about taking her guns away! ‘Nor is knife crime in the UK in any way comparable with gun crime here. ‘There are no “mass stabbings” in the UK. ‘Yet here kids are frightened to go to school?’,’ she wrote. Siobhan later spoke to MailOnline saying Ms Greene was ‘doubling down’ on her opinions by reposting the footage online. ‘It was a press conference of the Second Amendment caucus – in other words a group of very conservative Republicans who reject any type of gun control, like the legislation going through Congress right now which looks very likely to pass,’ she said. ‘It was a big back and forth after I asked her and the other members of group essentially what they were scared of- that no one was threatening to take their guns away ‘It’s important to call these politicians out and hold them to account.’ Ms Greene, a conservative Republican, has been a vocal advocate of guns. Last month, in response to the mass shooting at Robb Elementary School, in Uvalde Ms Greene suggested a volunteer militia of parents and guardians be created to protect schools. There have been 279 mass shootings in America this year according to the Gun Violence Archive – which defines a mass shooting as four or more injured or killed. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 