Jennifer Lopez was seen visiting fiance Ben Affleck on the set of his new project. The musician, 52, and actor, 49, have been smitten with each other since rekindling their relationship last year. JLo and Ben had, famously, fallen in love in the early 2000s, their romance coining the term Bennifer. They were engaged to be married in 2003 but, partly due to the pressures of being one of the most famous celebrity couples in the world, called it quits shortly before the wedding. Now their relationship is more than back on track and stronger than ever, with Ben popping the question yet again while Jennifer was in the bath this year. Ben is currently working in LA on an as-yet unnamed project for Nike, and this week future wife Jennifer visited him on the set. The pair were spotted walking hand-in-hand together to Ben’s trailer in the LA sun, Jennifer wearing an absolutely gorgeous summer dress. Dressed in all-white, Jennifer’s simple, flowing dress featured ruffled sleeves and collar, perfect for keeping cool in the heat. The pair looked calm and relaxed in each other’s company, easily linking hands as they strolled across the set. Ben dressed casually, in a maroon t-shirt and blue jeans, wearing sunglasses to protect his eyes. Jennifer was later seen showing her daughter, Emme, around the set, with the teenager holding on to her mum’s hand. However, photographs of the pair show Emme appearing to be more interested in her phone than what her mum is saying, which we’re pretty sure parents of teenagers will find fairly relatable. Jennifer shares 14-year-old twins Emme and Max with ex-husband Marc Anthony while Ben has daughters Violet, 16 and Seraphina, 13, and son Samuel, 10, with ex-wife Jennifer Garner. There’s no solid wedding plans in the public sphere just yet, but judging by how good Jen looks in a simple white summer dress, we can only imagine how incredible she’ll be on the big day. The star opened up to fans about the romantic proposal in April, gushing: ‘‘Did you ever imagine your biggest dream could come true? Saturday night while at my favourite place on earth (in the bubble bath), my beautiful love got on one knee and proposed. ‘I was taken totally off guard and just looked in his eyes smiling and crying at the same time trying hard to get my head around the fact that after 20 years this was happening all over again, I was quite literally speechless and he said, “is that a yes?” I said YES of course that’s a YES.’ Jennifer added: ‘I was smiling so big and tears were coming down my face, feeling so incredibly happy and whole. ‘It was nothing fancy at all, but it was the most romantic thing I could’ve ever imagined… just a quiet Saturday night at home, two people promising to always be there for each other. ‘Two very lucky people. Who got a second chance at true love.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : MTV Movie and TV Awards 2022: Jennifer Lopez tearfully thanks haters and gives Ben Affleck rare shout-out in emotional speech MORE : Jennifer Lopez in tears over Oscars snub in new trailer for Halftime documentary featuring Ben Affleck 