It’s already a summer of chaotic travel. Cancelled flights, epic airport queues and transport strikes around the UK have meant that actually getting to your summer holiday destination can be trickier than ever. But getting to the airport, swanning around duty-free, making time for a fry-up or a glass of Prosecco – that’s all supposed to be part of the holiday fun. So, if you follow these clever travel hacks, you might be able to make your journey much more manageable this summer – and make sure your holiday doesn’t have an unnecessarily stressful start: Queues are worst on weekends. ‘Fly in the middle of the week,’ says Richard Cooper of travel agency Carefree Travel, ‘as airports will not be crowded.’ That should mean much less stress. Allowing a full three hours lets you cease worrying about potentially missing flights. Unfortunately, some of that time will be spent queuing through security. The biggest hold-up here usually comes if your bag gets personally checked by staff. Lengthen the odds by re-learning the rules listed at gov.uk. If you’re really running late, make a fuss and tell staff; they should then fast-track you through. Ideally, bring only hand luggage. It’s increasingly common to encounter mammoth queues of passengers sending suitcases to the hold; once also checked-in digitally, you can dodge those and proceed straight to security. This way, you’ll also avoid having to wait at luggage carousels. ‘Remember to bring evidence of the time you turned up at the airport, such as a parking ticket,’ advises Naveen Dittakavi of cheap flight finder Next Vacay (nextvacay.com). ‘In the event of cancellations or delay, this could be crucial to receiving a refund.’ Try for speedy boarding rights if available to ensure overhead-locker space. On EasyJet flights, this is included when you book a premium seat category. With Ryanair, paying from £8 for Priority status guarantees your bags will be allowed on board. Changing planes in European airports sometimes involves navigating another passport check just before the departure gate. With Britons now required to join non-EU lanes and screening staff also often thin on the ground, this can be slow – so don’t leave it too late. That croissant and coffee can wait. For flights leaving at breakfast time or before, some carriers accept hold luggage one afternoon or evening before – letting you save time on the day. This is limited to certain airlines at certain airports: Tui at Birmingham and Gatwick (excluding US-bound services), British Airways at Heathrow and Gatwick, and easyJet at Gatwick. Keeping your cool might be most important of all. Remember that other passengers will be stressed, too, while staff are harried and overworked, explaining the occasional mis-step. Some tolerance — plus a smile or three — will help your spirits no end, and those of everyone else. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : More flights to be cancelled this summer with no end in sight to travel misery MORE : Manchester Airport offers 500 jobs in recruitment drive after travel chaos