Tom Hiddleston and Zawe Ashton are going to become parents, with the Fresh Meat star debuting her baby bump this week at the premiere of her new movie. The couple, who met in 2018, are clearly totally loved-up but keep their relationship very private. The Loki actor is said to have wanted more privacy when it comes to his personal life after his high-profile romance with Taylor Swift in 2016. However, they have revealed various milestones in their romance, including when they got enagaged in March after three years together. Over the years, the pair have opened up a little more about their romance. So, as they prepare to welcome a new addition to the family, here’s how it all happened… The pair first met when they were cast together in the revival of Harold Pinter’s Betrayal on the West End. They played a married couple in the play, which follows a woman who has an affair with her husband’s best friend. It opened in London in March 2019, with the pair, as well as co-star Charlie Cox, transferring with the production to Broadway that August. Speaking about her connection with the rest of the cast, Zawe, 37, said: ‘We were really lucky that we, on day one, had an incredible trust. ‘I feel a core connection to these people and it’s because I can feel how open we are. I can feel the trust that we have.’ Following Betrayal, Tom, 41, and Zawe reportedly moved in together in Atlanta, Georgia, where the Marvel actor was filming Disney+’s Loki. A source told The Sun at the time: ‘Tom and Zawe have stayed quiet about their relationship but she has spent the last few weeks with him in the US. ‘They are very well suited and enjoy the quieter side of life away from the glitz and glamour of the showbiz world.’ After years of keeping their relationship on the downlow, Tom and Zawe were spotted kissing in Ibiza as they enjoyed a getaway together. The pair looked totally loved-up – and we love that for them! It wasn’t until two years after they started dating that Tom and Zawe walked a red carpet together as a couple. Zawe accompanied Tom on the red carpet of the Tony Awards after he was nominated for his role in Betrayal. The pair were also joined by various other castmates – but we reckon it still counts as a red carpet debut! It was during another red carpet appearance that people noticed something new about Zawe’s appearance – namely, the huge sparkling rock on her ring finger. Tom and Zawe attended the Baftas together, chatting away to friends including AJ Odudu, who shared some gorgeous snaps from the event. However, it wasn’t until July that year that Tom confirmed the engagement. He simply told The Hollywood Reporter: ‘I’m very happy.’ Now, the pair are expecting their first child together! The actress showed her baby bump and also confirmed the baby news in an article with Vogue magazine of her getting ready for the premiere of her film Mr Malcom’s List in New York City. Mum-to-be Zawe looked stunning at the Big Apple premiere, in a flowing beige dress encrusted with what looked to be diamonds, with her growing baby bump complementing the outfit. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Hiddleston expecting first child with fiancée Zawe Ashton MORE : Tom Hiddleston confirms engagement to Zawe Ashton: ‘I’m very happy’ 