The Flash star Ezra Miller has reportedly deleted their Instagram after being accused of taunting authorities, who are currently attempting to locate them. The actor, who has been accused of grooming a girl, posted several memes on their Instagram page before it was deleted, according to various US outlets including JustJared. While they could have simply been references to the upcoming film The Flash, some have interpreted them as messages to the authorities. One read: ‘You cannot touch me, I am in another universe,’ while another said: ‘Message from another dimension.’ Miller, 29, is set to star as Barry Allen/The Flash in the upcoming DC film, which is due for release next year. However, they have faced a string of legal troubles, most recently being accused of grooming a girl, who is now 18, since she was 12, and using ‘violence and intimidation’ to control her. The parents of Tokata Iron Eyes have filed legal documents, seen by TMZ, which ask the court for a protection order to keep the actor away from her. Iron Eyes first met Miller when she was 12 and they were 23 when Miller was visiting the Standing Rock Reservation in North Dakota, where the pair developed a friendship that her parents believe puts her at risk. Her parents state in the documents, as reported by TMZ: ‘Ezra uses violence, intimidation, threat of violence, fear, paranoia, delusions, and drugs to hold sway over a young adolescent Tokata.’ Iron Eyes’ parents clam Miller flew her to London in 2017, when she was 14 and they were 25, to visit the studio Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was filmed at, as she was a fan of the actor and the franchise. They also alleged that Miller supplied their daughter with alcohol, marijuana and LSD as well as disrupting her education at a private institute in Massachusetts so much that she ended up dropping out in December 2021. Iron Eyes is said to have fled to New York to reunite with Miller after her parents brought her home, before the pair travelled to Vermont, Los Angeles and Hawaii, where Miller was arrested several times, including for an alleged assault. Meanwhile, Iron Eyes recently took to social media to tell her followers she is mentally stable and that her ‘comrade’ Miller has been a help in her life, and that she is looking forward to the future. Her parents are asking for the court to issue an order of protection against Miller on behalf of their daughter, with a hearing to take place in July. However, law enforcement reportedly cannot locate or serve the Fantastic Beasts actor. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Ezra Miller for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Teen Tokata Iron Eyes responds to parents’ protective order against Ezra Miller: ‘This is my life’ MORE : The Flash’s Ezra Miller accused of grooming and controlling girl as parents ask for protection order 