A Ukrainian girl was praised for her ‘unbreakable’ spirit after a video emerged of her singing the national anthem while getting her injuries bandaged. Footage on social media shows the young girl singing a rousing rendition of ‘Shche ne vmerla Ukrayina’, which translates into English as ‘Ukraine has not yet perished’. She can be seen smiling as she sings along with some of the nurses who are wrapping her foot in a bandage on a hospital bed. It is not clear what happened to the girl, who apepars to be around four or five years old. The video was shared by politician Anton Gerashchenko, who is the advisor to the Minister of Internal Affairs of Ukraine. He tweeted the footage, saying: ‘Unbreakable…A little girl sings Ukrainian anthem while getting her bandages.’ He credited the video to filmmaker Viktor Pashula, who is based in Dnipro, a city in the east of Ukraine currently under attack. Metro.co.uk has contacted him to find out more about the little girl. The video has been viewed thousands of times with many people online praising her courage. One said: ‘The country will win as long as there are such small children of Ukraine.’ Another said: ‘Putin has no clue that he’s up against a force stronger than his horrific war machine. The people of Ukraine, from the youngest to the oldest, LOVE their country & will WIN in the end!’ The video is reminiscent of a young Ukrainian girl who went viral at the start of the war when she sang Disney song ‘Let it go’ from a bomb shelter in Kyiv. Amelia Anisovych, 7, who has since fled to Poland, melted hearts all over the world with her heartwarming performance of the hit from Frozen. She has since performed the Ukrainian national anthem at a football match in Lodz. Music has consistently been used as an act of solidarity and defiance throughout the war in Ukraine. In April, a little boy gave an emotional performance of an anti-war anthem at a concert in Kyiv after Russian troops withdrew from the capital. In March, violinists from all over the world came together for a stunning virtual performance of Ukrainian folk song ‘Verbovaya Doschechka’. Another viral clip that month showed mum-of-two Irina Maniukina’s playing her piano that miraculously remained in tact after a missile struck her home. The latest video comes after Russia bombed a shopping centre in Kremenchuk, in central Ukraine on Monday, killing 18 people. More than 60 people were wounded in the strike which Ukraine’s president has called ‘one of the most daring terrorist attacks in European history’. President Volodymyr Zelensky said many of the more than 1,000 shoppers and workers inside the mall had managed to escape. The death toll is expected to rise as rescuers sift through the smoldering rubble at the site. Meanwhile, Russian forces are battling to surround the Ukrainian military’s last stronghold in Luhansk, a long-contested eastern province. Lysychansk is the last major city in the area under Ukrainian control following the retreat of Ukraine’s fighters from the neighbouring Sievierodonetsk. Russian troops and their separatist allies control 95% of Luhansk and hold about half of Donetsk region, the other province that makes up the mostly Russian-speaking Donbas. Today, Nato agreed a ‘fundamental shift’ which will see it return to Cold War-style readiness to respond to the increased threat posed by Russia. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 