Kate Middleton’s calm parenting over the Jubilee weekend has come in for praise from one of the UK’s most famous childcare experts. Jo Frost, better known as Supernanny, said she ‘loved’ how Kate responded to Prince Louis’ unruly behaviour at Sunday’s Jubilee Pageant in front of a global audience. Sat on the front row of the royal box, the four-year-old was seen shushing his mother, putting his hand over her mouth and blowing raspberries at her. The Duchess refused to lose her patience and saw the funny side of the situation as Mike Tindall mockingly gave him an ‘I’m watching you!’ look. Louis joked around with the former England rugby star, Prince William’s cousin-in-law, before he was handed over to his granddad Prince Charles after getting distracted again. Jo wrote on Instagram: ‘Love how mum is addressing in public prince Louis needing to listen up and do as he’s told.’ The 51-year-old, whose mid-noughties parenting reality show sparked spin-offs around the world, also leapt to Louis’ defence after social media trolls said he came across like a ‘spoiled brat’. She continued: ‘I think Prince Louis did remarkably well considering so young, so many people it was amazing and no playtime in between for this little chap. ‘Unlike other children the royals are expected by the world to behave a certain way but at the end of the day they are children, royalty or not. ‘The whole fanfare will become a little too much when you’re young – it was a long day, little moments like this are going to happen, especially if you are strong willed, sensitive and actually I would go as far as to say a highly sensitive child in my professional opinion. ‘The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are a great example, Catherine has never been afraid to tell the kids to stop in public, I love that about her.’ She also praised Mr Tindall, adding: ‘Everybody needs an uncle Mike! He gets the memo, the real deal.’ Despite the trolls, social media users widely described Louis’ behaviour as ‘relatable’ if ‘cheeky’ as he resorted to pulling faces during the lengthy performances. He was previously seen covering his ears and letting out a scream from the Buckingham Palace balcony as RAF planes and helicopters flew over for Thursday’s Trooping the Colour parade. Sunday’s pageant marked the end of official celebrations marking the Queen’s 70 years on the throne. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.