The new animated film Lightyear, which features a same-sex kiss, has been banned from cinemas in the United Arab Emirates.While the UAE’s Media Regulatory Office did not give a specific reason for its decision, it stated vaguely on Monday that the Disney and Pixar film was banned for its ‘violation of the country’s media content standards’. The Sunni Muslim-ruled country criminalises consensual same-sex sexual activity between adults. Taking to Twitter, the UAE’s Media Regulatory Office posted an image of Buzz Lightyear, who is voiced by actor Chris Evans in the new film, crossed out with a red line. This action was taken despite the country declaring it would stop censoring cinematic releases and would introduce a 21-plus age rating for films it classifies for older audiences just six months ago. However, the same-sex scene, involving the female character Hawthorne (voiced by former Orange Is The New Black star, Uzo Aduba) and her partner, was originally cut from the film by Disney. It was reinstated following the uproar surrounding a statement from Pixar employees claiming that Disney had been censoring ‘overtly gay affection’ and the company’s CEO Bob Chapek’s handling of Florida’s ‘Don’t Say Gay’ bill. Last year, Pixar’s Onward, a 2020 American computer-animated urban fantasy adventure film, was reportedly banned by several Middle Eastern countries because of a reference to lesbian parents. Saudi Arabia also recently requested cuts to LGBTQ+ references in Disney’s Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, which ended up not being screened in the country. There has been a string of films featuring LGBTQ+ storylines that have had no screen-time globally in recent years. The Danish Girl (2015), was banned/censored in Malaysia, Qatar, Oman, Bahrain, Jordan, Kuwait and United Arab Emirates, with the later claiming it was axed for ‘moral depravity’. Beauty and the Beast (2017) was banned/censored in Kuwait and Malaysia for giving the tiniest hint of a gay crush in one scene. And 2019 Elton Johnbiopic, Rocketman, was banned in Samoa while sex scenes were cut from it in Russia. Lightyear is currently showing in UK cinemas. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lightyear: Who voices Buzz in Pixar’s new movie? MORE : Andrew Lloyd Webber ‘devastated’ by reports of him saying Cinderella was ‘costly mistake’ 