Things are about to get tense for Love Island’s Gemma Owen, as she was seen raging at Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu over her romance with Luca Bish in upcoming scenes from Monday’s episode. The islander, who has been in a solid couple with Luca so far, appeared fuming as Dami Hope said: ‘Obviously it’s not a nice thing to hear from Luca that Gemma could have her head turned.’ ‘Which wasn’t even said like that, or meant like that,’ Gemma insisted. ‘Then relax,’ Ekin-Su told her. ‘You can’t drop a bomb and then tell me to f**king relax,’ Gemma then fumed. ‘I think that’s d**khead behaviour. Maybe you should just keep your nose out of other people’s business and shut up.’ The pair have previously been close friends in the villa, so fans are eager to see what’s caused the bust-up. It comes after Luca and Gemma appeared to be one of the most solid couples in the villa. Neither of them has been remotely interested in any new islander, which the other couples can’t say. Even when Danica decided to couple up with Luca, he was incredibly dismissive of her, and Luca has shown on multiple occasions he only has eyes for Gemma. They’re not the only couple to face major tension this week either, as Tasha Ghouri’s future with Andrew Le Page has been left totally uncertain. When Andrew made his speech at the recoupling, Luca was seen shaking his head, while Dami also looked unimpressed, with both of them asking Andrew why Tasha wanted to get to know new boys, while Andrew seemed to be closed off to any new romances. After Tasha confronted Luca and Dami, who both apologised, she pulled Andrew for a chat. Andrew told her: ‘I can’t read you. I feel like i’m very open and honest.’ Tasha admitted: ‘I feel like maybe we’re not on the same page,’ pointing out that ‘it’s not how it looks’. She said it’s not a case of her wanting to have a romance with every new bombshell, but she does want to be open to having chats. ‘For me right now, no one’s come in that i’ve been wanting to get to know,’ Andrew said, with him acknowledging that it’s important that Tasha’s open. The chat was left on an uncertain note, with Andrew asking: ‘Where does this leave me and you?’ and Tasha answering: ‘I just don’t really know.’ Love Island continues Monday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers predict Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack will win after ‘perfect’ date MORE : Love Island viewers cringe after ‘awkward’ moment in Paige Thorne, Jay Younger and Jacques O’Neill love triangle 