Love Island 2022 has had its first recoupling which saw bombshell Davide Sanclimenti choose Gemma Owen to couple up with. Gemma, 19, had initially been in a couple with Liam Llewellyn, 22, but was swiped from him by Davide, 27, after he came in as a late arrival. In a tense recoupling, Davide told the Islanders: ‘Naturally it’s not been easy to choose because in only 24 hours it’s difficult to try to know everyone and try to make the right decision. ‘So I decided to couple up with this girl because there is not just attraction, I mean yes, she’s a stunning girl. I felt that we really had a good time and I would like to know her more. ‘So the girl I would like to couple up with is Gemma.’ Liam is now at risk of leaving the show if he doesn’t couple up with someone else at the recoupling at the end of the week. However, hope could be on the horizon as two new female bombshells are set to enter the villa in tomorrow’s episode. Afia Tonkmor, 25, will be joining the show alongside 27-year-old Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu in Wednesday’s show ahead of a recoupling at the end of the week. Viewers had also voiced concerns about the age gap between Gemma and Davide ahead of the recoupling after the pair shared a kiss in an earlier challenge. The Italian stallion had previously said on entering the villa: ‘I’m good looking and I’ve realised since I first arrived in Manchester, a lot of English girls actually love me. They love to be around me and I love to be around them. ‘It’s going to be fun, I’m looking forward to it. I want to find my soulmate, find my person so I can actually build something in the future, grow with them, be a family.’ Love Island airs weeknights from 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island fans tickled by Indiyah Polack and Amber Beckford struggling with Ikenna Ekwonna’s name MORE : When did Love Island’s Luca Bish date Strictly star Saffron Barker? 