Ah Saturday morning – a time to sit down with a cup of coffee and read some good old fashioned news. Well old fashioned is certainly right. Metro readers are in for a treat with an extremely vintage virus knocking about in London’s sewers. And of course, what could be more retro than the oppression of women’s rights? Terms and conditions do apply to this groovy time machine ride, including some more modern stories on rail strikes and elections. But, as always, Metro.co.uk promises to provide the most important service it can during these times: An animal story at the end. Rail strikes Anyone brave enough to use public transport last week will know how chaotic things have been as the country faced its largest rail strike in 30 years. Some 40,000 railway workers walked out on Tuesday, Thursday and today, bringing about half of the network to a halt. A separate Tube strike also took place on Tuesday and the Overground, buses and roads were forced to fill in the gaps and get people around the country. Many employers told Brits to work from home as Netwrok Rail told its customers to only travel if it is ‘absolutely necessary’. The National Union of Rail, Maritime, and Transport Workers (RMT)’s members are striking over pay, working conditions, job cuts and pensions. RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said workers want an increase that ‘reflects the cost of living crisis’. The average rail worker is paid £33,000 a year, according to the RMT. Network Rail claims it wants to give its employees a raise but has to do so ‘in line with what the taxpayer can afford’. The Government has largely backed Network Rail, with transport secretary Grant Shapps accusing unions of leading workers ‘up a militant garden path’. Mr Lynch said Mr Shapps has ‘wrecked’ negotiations, with the politician hitting back by calling the claim a ‘lie’. If no one comes to any agreement soon, more rail strikes are ‘extremely likely’ in July, Mr Lynch said. TL;DR: Better buy some walking boots. Roe v Wade overturned The US Supreme Court overturned Roe v Wade on Friday, ending 50 years of guaranteed abortion rights across the country. Justice Samuel Alito wrote: ‘The Constitution makes no reference to abortion, and no such right is implicitly protected by constitutional provision.’ The automatic right to abortion provision will therefore not be set at a federal level and states can make their own laws. Thirteen states have so-called trigger laws in place that take immediate effect once Roe is struck down that ban or severely limit access to abortion. Another six states have near total bans after six weeks of pregnancy — long before many people know they are pregnant. Alternatively, 16 states and the District of Columbia have passed laws protecting the right to have an abortion even without Roe. Roe’s overturning was made possible by three conservative judges appointed by former President Donald Trump. Boris Johnson has since called the decision a ‘big step backwards’. Speaking at a press conference on a visit to Rwanda, the prime minister said: ‘I have always believed in a woman’s right to choose and I stick to that view, that’s why the UK has the laws that it does.’ After the overturning, Justice Clarence Thomas said the Supreme Court should look again at contraception and gay marriage rights as well. Just a reminder that this is the same week the Supreme Court ‘expanded gun rights’ and ended a New York law that restricts carrying concealed firearms outside the home. This because the Constitution protects ‘an individual’s right to carry a handgun for self-defence outside the home’. TL;DR: People who live in the ‘land of the free’ have more autonomy over their guns than their wombs. Bad week for Boris Boris Johnson will certainly not be relaxing this weekend as he reels from watching his party lose two by-elections on Thursday night. The Conservatives lost Tiverton and Honiton to the Lib Dems and Labour regained control of Wakefield. The elections were triggered after two disgraced Conservative MPs resigned – Neil Parish, for Tiverton & Honiton, who was caught watching porn in the House of Commons, and Imran Ahmad Khan, of Wakefield, who was jailed for sexually assaulting a teenage boy. The result led the chair of the Conservative Party Oliver Dowden to resign, saying someone ‘had to take responsibility for the latest in a run of very poor results for our party’. The prime minister responded to the loss on Friday morning, saying he will ‘listen to voters’ who are ‘going through a tough time’. But opposition politicians think this is all a sign that ‘it’s time for Boris to go’, especially as the result has come  just weeks after 41% of his MPs said they had no confidence in him as prime minister. Sir Keir Starmer said Labour’s ‘historic’ victory in Wakefield show the next government ‘will be a Labour one’. TL;DR: Could it be a bye bye election? ACTUAL POLIO In a blast from the 19th century, an outbreak of polio was detected in sewage samples from London. The UK Health Security Agency has declared a national incident but officials believe there is a low risk to public health. However, there are fears polio will start to rear its head again as fewer than half of 13 to 14-year-olds had their teenage booster against the virus. The significant drop in vaccination uptake is believed to have happened because of the controversy and misinformation surrounding the Covid jab. Although the vast majority of teenagers would have been vaccinated as babies which protects against serious illness, a large uptake of the teenage booster would help prevent further spread of the virus. The virus was officially declared eradicated in the UK in 2003, and no cases have been recorded in the country since the 1990s. But polio can cause paralysis in rare cases and can be life-threatening, so an outbreak would be a huge concern. And just to get all the virus news out in one anxious paragraph, Britain’s monkeypox outbreak is now the biggest outside of Africa. Health officials confirmed last week the number of cases has risen to 574 since the first was identified on May 7. The majority of cases continue to be among men who have sex with other men, with a smallpox vaccine effective against monkeypox set to be offered to those at high risk. Clinical data shows treatments designed to inoculate against smallpox, a related and more severe illness, are effective against monkeypox. The UKHSA has previously said the outbreak’s link to casual sex has made the chain of infection harder to trace. A report noted: ‘Traditional contact tracing as a primary control intervention in this specific group will be challenging as most cases reported having sexual contact with new or casual partners, sometimes in the context of cruising grounds or during chemsex, frequently where contact details were unavailable for tracing.’ TL;DR: Turn’s out one man’s trash is not necessarily one man’s treasure. You made it So there’s no slick way to introduce this story, but the captain of a ship transporting zoo animals heroically jumped overboard to a rescue meerkat called Boris in a Cornish port. Yup, that’s it – that’s the whole story. Meerkat Boris was on his way from the Isles of Scilly to Axe Valley Zoo in Axminster, Devon, when he casually decided to jump 30ft off the side of the boat. Skipper Tom Sexton bravely stripped to his boxers and jumped in after the little animal, getting him back to safety. Luckily Boris survived the jump from the Gry Maritha freight ship and arrived in port safely at Penzance, Cornwall. TL;DR: Told you we deliver. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.