The Wanted have announced they will no longer play at an upcoming event next month as they need ‘time out for reflection’ after the death of bandmate Tom Parker. Parker died at the end of March at the age of 33 after battling a terminal brain tumour and his final memoir, Hope, was released on May 26. The Gold Forever hitmakers were scheduled to perform at the the Live After Racing event at Newcastle Racecourse on July 23, but confirmed on social media that they will no longer be performing. Sharing the news on Twitter they wrote: ‘After some reflection, and with a heavy heart, we can confirm that we will no longer be performing at the Live After Racing event scheduled to take place at Newcastle Racecourse on 23rd July. ‘It is just over 2 months since we lost Tom and as much as we love performing live, it is just far too soon for us to even think about being on stage again as The Wanted. ‘We are all still processing the events of the last few months and need to take this time out for reflection. We are so sorry to let anyone down and thank you for your understanding and support. We will see you all soon x.’ Loyal fans sent their love to the band, with one tweeting: ‘Definitely not letting us down. It’s important to put yourselves first and do what’s best for you. Take all the time you need! We’ll always be here regardless. Sending all the love in the world.’ ‘We completely understand. losing him still hurts on everybody. hope you guys can cope with this feeling in the best way possible. We’ll always be here supporting you,’ another added. Parker was part of The Wanted alongside Max, Nathan Sykes, Siva Kaneswaran, and Jay McGuiness. At his funeral, his bandmates acted as pallbearers, with Max and George also giving heartbreaking eulogies. The late star’s widow, Kelsey Parker recently revealed her trepidation at attending her first event since his death. Kelsey admitted it was going to be a difficult weekend without The Wanted singer as she told her followers: ‘Hey guys, so I have just got to Ireland today. I’ve come to Ireland for my best friend Ruth Ann and Ollie’s wedding. ‘Yeah, this is gonna be a really weird weekend for me, obviously it’s gonna be a little bit bittersweet, because Ruth and Ollie are getting married, obviously it’s going to be the best day of their lives. ‘I’m super happy for them, but Tom was meant to be here this weekend, he was meant to be an usher.’ She added: ‘It’s gonna be the first event, wedding, that I’ve actually been to without him being with me. So yeah, this weekend is going to be a tough one.’ Parker died on March 30 after completing a reunion tour with The Wanted and leaves behind wife Kelsey, daughter Aurelia and son Bodhi. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Wanted star Max George still texts best friend Tom Parker after death: ‘I’m trying to process it’ MORE : Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey shares daughter’s struggles after The Wanted star’s death: ‘It’s heartbreaking’ 