Sun protection is no longer an afterthought when it comes to skincare. Over the past few years, we’ve seen more and more research about the importance of wearing SPF every day (not just during the summer months), in order to protect our skin from harmful UBA and UVB rays. Now things are heating up in the UK, it’s vital to ensure we are getting the most out of our SPF. But experts say there could be another way to ‘supercharge’ this hero product. According to Dr Lauren Hamilton and Dr Miriam Adebibe, cosmetic doctors and founders of skin clinic Victor & Garth, there’s an ingredient we should be pairing SPF with and it’s vitamin C. Dr Lauren explains: ‘Vitamin C is a powerful antioxidant which prevents oxidative damage by binding to the free radicals caused by UV radiation and pollution. ‘Research has shown that when paired, vitamin C boosts protection provided by SPF. Exposure to UV stimulates melanocytes which manifest through sunspots, freckles and hyperpigmentation. ‘This damage can lie underneath the skin and surface later in life however vitamin C is a depigmenting agent, otherwise known as a tyrosinase inhibitor which means that it can stop the action of tyrosine, which is key in melanin synthesis, and prevent hyperpigmentation from appearing.’ Dr Miriam agrees and stresses that it’s important not to don’t overlook the power of vitamin C, as it’s the perfect back-up for your sun protection. But how do we incorporate it into our skincare routines? Dr Lauren says: ‘Vitamin C should be used daily before your SPF. ‘If you have concerns about sun damage or hyperpigmentation, then consider concentrations of 10% to 20% but do also talk to an aesthetic doctor or dermatologist should you be looking for help in finding the right regime.’ Also don’t forget, dermatologists have previously said, as a golden rule, SPF should be the final application of a product onto your skin. So cleanse, apply serum and hydrate as usual, then apply your SPF. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Think using SPF foundation is enough? Chemist shows you need 13 pumps for the sun protection to work MORE : Can you double up on your sunscreen to increase the SPF? MORE : How to get the most out of your sunscreen with SPF-boosting skincare ingredients