It looks like Paige Thorne might find herself conflicted in Sunday’s episode of Love Island, as she decides whether she wants to pursue Jay Younger, or continue her romance with Jacques O’Neill. Recent episodes have shown Jay, 28, expressing interest in Paige, 24, and despite the paramedic revealing that her mind ‘is still on Jacques,’ Jay decided to couple up with her during Friday’s episode. In tonight’s instalment, Jay pulls Paige for a chat and asks how she feels following the recoupling. ‘How are you feeling after the first night, sleeping without Jacques?’ he asks. ‘Ah no it was all good, I enjoyed our pillow talk, it was nice to get to know each other, do you know what I mean? What about you?’ Paige tells him. While having a moment to reflect, Paige hails her current situation ‘awkward.’ ‘Jay and Jacques, you couldn’t get more opposite guys in here, really,’ she says in the Beach Hut. Despite her recoupling status, Paige is still determined to do her thing with rugby player Jacques – who is currently coupled up with Danica Taylor. But will seeing Paige and Jay together make Jacques realise his true feelings for her? Elsewhere tonight, Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope will be heading on their first date complete with a bottle of bubbly. In the clip, the contestants are shown taking their seats at the table, as Dami says to his date: ‘You look beautiful.’ ‘Thank you, you look nice too,’ Indiyah replies, fluttering her eyelashes at the microbiologist. Dami admits to Indiyah that he finds it ‘scary’ how well their relationship is going, with Indiyah remarking that it’s going ‘perfect’ so far. ‘I’m scared though, because why is this so easy?’ Dami says, grinning nervously. ‘Everything’s just falling into place perfectly,’ the hotel waitress replies. ‘Yeah, but just too perfectly to be honest,’ Dami adds. Nothing wrong with that, in our books! Just before the teaser ends, Dami and Indiyah are shown standing up from their seats, sharing a sweet kiss. Cuteness overload! Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island star Jacques O’Neill’s ‘hurt’ mum begs trolls to stop sending nasty messages MORE : Love Island star Jacques O’Neill’s ‘hurt’ mum begs trolls to stop sending nasty messages 