Comedians definitely can’t please everyone, but Joe Lycett has revealed one punter was so deeply unimpressed with one of his jokes that they actually called the police. Yep, the former host of the Great British Sewing Bee and the artist formerly known as Hugo Boss proved so controversial that one attendee at his show hit up the ‘rozzers’, who felt they had to look into it. Sharing the experience on Twitter, Joe wrote: ‘So someone came to my tour show a few weeks back and was offended by one of the jokes. ‘And their perfectly understandable response was…to call the f**king police.’ Joe went on: ‘To be fair to them, the fuzz were very nice about it all but felt they had a duty to investigate. ‘This involved me writing a statement explaining the context of the joke to them; I particularly enjoyed putting the words ‘giant donkey d**k’ into a message to a police detective. ‘Charmed, and hopefully amused, the rozzers have since closed the matter. You’ll be pleased to know that the joke – which I consider to be one of the best I’ve ever written – remains firmly and proudly in the show. ‘The tour continues until September, unless I am jailed.’ He also shared a screengrab of what appears to be an email to him from the police, reading: ‘Firstly, thanks for your help today, it is very much appreciated. ‘I can confirm that police now consider this matter closed. Thank you.’ Joe simply captioned the post with police car and police officer emojis – because really, what else is there to say? It’s been an eventful tour for the comedy icon after he used a cheeky ploy to sell more tickets, which involved plastering James Acaster’s face on his posters. He later issued a tongue-in-cheek apology, saying: ‘The posters were an experiment to see if my face was a deterrent to the British public and if his face would sell more tickets for my show. ‘It is with great disappointment that I have discovered sales have shot up.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Joe Lycett thought he was going to be sick on Lorraine due to panic attacks and mental health struggle MORE : Joe Lycett show among those cancelled due to Storm Eunice as comic ‘trapped in London’ 