A cyclist has been filmed smashing into a van’s windscreen at such a speed, it led the driver to think he was ‘dead’. Plumber Ian Payne, 68, pulled into a road on the way to fix a leak in Hampshire when the rider – who has not been identified – emerged from behind a parked van. The 18-year-old cyclist, who wore a baseball cap instead of a helmet, collided with the bonnet before smashing the windscreen and hitting the floor. Addressing tradesman working nearby, Ian claimed: ‘That wasn’t my fault. It wasn’t even fast.’ On the ground and in pain, the cyclist said: ‘F*** me, that hurt.’ Dad-of-five Ian said he called police and ambulance crews to the scene, but the cyclist rode off before medical staff arrived. He added: ‘Just when I’d come off the A3, there was a van on the island and there were some guys fixing a light. “[The cyclist had] come off the footpath, straight across one road then on a footpath onto the island and hit me. He was so fast.’ Ian claimed he was coming into the road at ‘about 18 miles an hour’ when the incident occurred. He continued: ‘I always thought I was a careful driver anyway, he was just going so fast I could never stop him. ‘There was space for him to stop so really he should have stopped on the other side of the road. ‘When he went down, I thought he was dead because of the force he hit the window screen. ‘You can only see the cracks on the footage but the window screen was smashed right in. ‘The way that his head hit it, I just can’t believe that he walked away.” The plumber has since shared the video to Facebook to ‘make people aware that dashcams are brilliant to have’. It has received more than 17,000 views and 500 comments. In a statement, a Hampshire Police spokesperson confirmed they were called just after 4pm on May 23 to a report of a collision on the M275. They said: ‘The cyclist, an 18-year-old man, sustained minor injuries. The circumstances of this incident are under investigation. ‘No arrests have been made at the current time.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.