The Love Island stars are reportedly being kept up by noisy late night romps – but it’s not what you think. This year’s contestants are said to have complained to producers over loud sex noises into the early hours, although there’s nothing bosses can do as the X-rated sounds are actually coming from insects busy mating in the bushes outside the villa. An insider told the Daily Star: ‘The cicadas are really starting to grate on the islanders. Their noise is just repetitive and awful and they cannot turn it off. ‘And to make matters worse, the gang are not having sex and yet all these insects are – and they’re making a huge noise about it.’ It’s not the only wildlife issue for the Islanders – including the likes of Jacques O’Neill, Tasha Ghouri and Gemma Owen – with a heard of ostriches setting up camp near the new digs in Majorca. A source said: ‘Producers have to be careful as they have powerful legs and are known to lash out when disturbed. They seem very interested in what’s going on inside, so the team have been told to be wary, and humans can easily rile them up.’ Meanwhile, the insect drama comes after fans were certain Tasha and Andrew NAME had become the first couple to have sex with their fellow stars shocked. However, the next morning they both denied doing anything they shouldn’t, as Andrew said: ‘Nah it was just kissing, a bit touchy feely. But nothing more.’ Speaking in code, Jacques asked: ‘Did she have a little grab of the Bunsen burner? Did you touch her flask?’ But he replied: ‘No I didn’t.’ And the girls were also suspicious, with Amber NAME convinced she heard something during the night, but Tasha told her: ‘I swear I didn’t.’ Maybe she just heard the insects… Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island fans slam Luca Bish’s ‘rude’ behaviour towards Danica Taylor following shock recoupling MORE : Love Island viewers fall in love with Chloe Burrows and Toby Aromolaran again after their dramatic reaction to Remi Lambert’s rapping 