Word’s all a chatter that Kim Kardashian was looking a little filtered during a pre-The Tonight Show clip with Jimmy Fallon this week. Kim appeared on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Tuesday night and, while we’ve already unpacked the glorious chaos that is her two sons, Saint and Psalm, crashing her interview by being noisy little cherubs side of stage (what’s that saying about never working with kids…?) it’s a pre-show gag that’s made headlines today. In the clip uploaded to social media, Jimmy, 47, was seen meeting Kim, 41, in her dressing room ahead of the taping for a little rhyming skit that is both entertaining as it is impressive. We mean, rhyming violin with theremin? That’s a top-tier moment for us this week. But what appeared to catch the eye of some social media sleuths is that, according to some eagle eyes over on Instagram account @problematicfame (which aims to spread ‘awareness on how instagram can impact beauty standards,’ but ‘posts are not accusations’) now-expired Stories suggested Kim was filtered throughout the clip after a ‘glitch’ gave the game away. It’s been suggested towards the end a filter-esque sheen is cast on Kim’s face (the aforementioned ‘glitch’?) after we’d previously been able to see the natural texture of her forehead. We have to admit, it’s clear there is a difference in the frames, but is it a case of a sneaky filter washing out her face, or did the crew simply adjust the lighting between takes to be more focused on her noggin? In the wise words of Kris Jenner: This is a case for the FBI. Should Kim have whacked a cheeky little filter onto her visage this is hardly breaking news, even if it does continue to rile up the masses. This is the business the family is in, people. Aside from filters on her Instagram, which is pretty standard practice for a vast majority of people who make money from their Instagram, billionaire Kim included, she’s been accused in the past of employing some filtered face trickery during her reality show, The Kardashians as well as its precursor, Keeping Up With The Kardashians. Kim has brushed off claims she’s gone a bit too hard with the filters at certain points, for instance, on images of boyfriend Pete Davidson, but is yet to really address claims of using ‘live’ filters on her reality show. So jury is out there. We’re talking about Kim Kardashian here, you think the woman isn’t going to have the best lighting on her mug and adjust it to be the case if she noticed a stray pore on show? There’s a lot to be said for the effects good lighting can have in this realm and while a lot of people will call Photoshop a lot of the time it really is just some craftily placed bulbs. Whether that is the case here remains to be seen, but that takes us to the final point. Again, this is Kim Kardashian we’re talking about. Plus, in the ‘before’ when you could see some forehead creases and *gasps* was that skin texture? she still looked amazing. End of. Now, can we please appreciate the rhyming game of Kim and Jimmy? Just had din with Pete Davidson *chef’s kiss*. Metro.co.uk contacted Kim’s reps, as well as reps for The Tonight Show, for comment on this developing investigation…