Tory MPs have accused Boris Johnson of snubbing the North for another trip to Kyiv, just days before a crucial by-election. The Prime Minister was reportedly travelling up on a train to Doncaster yesterday morning when he decided to travel the Ukrainian capital at the last minute. He met with President Volodymyr Zelensky and offered a major training programme for his forces. One MP said he was ‘furious’ Johnson decided not to visit Doncaster for the conference of northern Conservatives. They added: ‘This is the first test of outreach to his colleagues and he’s failed it.’ According to Sky News’ deputy political editor Sam Coates, organisers of the conference were left ‘mystified’ by the no show. The event’s aims included discussions related to giving the North greater powers and ‘levelling up’, an issue the Prime Minister has been pushing for a while now. Speculation soon arose that Johnson favoured his trip to war-torn Ukraine to avoid pressure from grassroots Conservatives about Partygate. The scandal surrounding lockdown-busting parties in Downing Street and Whitehall continues to haunt the Prime Minister, but he has managed to stay in office. Just recently, 148 of Johnson’s own MPs voted against him during a confidence vote on his leadership. But all within the PM’s cabinet came out in support of him, with Defence Secretary Ben Wallace responding to yesterday’s snub as ‘conspiracy b******s’. He added visiting countries like Ukraine is important to show support for an ally during the war. He tweeted: ‘Helping Ukraine win and trying to help at home are linked. Part of the inflation we see comes from gas and food prices which are partly driven upwards because of this conflict. ‘Amazing how an important trip can generate so much conspiracy b******s.’ The Tories snatched a swathe of seats from the ‘red wall’ of former Labour voters in the North during the 2019 general election. But MPs worried about a sluggish pace of development in the region’s infrastructure – despite the Government’s promises – warn Johnson could face ‘political annihilation’ if he takes them for granted. Jake Berry, leader of the NRG, said people were ‘disappointed’ by Mr Johnson’s no-show. He told Channel 4 News: ‘The prime minister’s movement is a matter for Downing Street. ‘Clearly, people were disappointed. We had 30-plus colleagues here and 400 members. ‘What we have set out here today is hugely positive ideas from the north, for the north which are designed to appeal to those voters in Wakefield and across the north of England. ‘It is about fuelling that debate about how here in the north of England we can take back control of our destiny, not be reliant on a prime minister in Whitehall or Kyiv or wherever he may be at an individual moment to change our lives. ‘Whoever the Prime Minister, whatever is in the Conservative Party manifesto, unless people feel good about what Conservatives are achieving in the North, it is going to be a very difficult election. I wouldn’t run away from that.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.