Disabled people, of which there is an estimated one billion worldwide, often face additional barriers when it comes to sexual relationships and developing healthy consent practices. Ableist sexual barriers include the desexualisation (assuming disabled people aren’t sexual beings) and infantilisation (disabled people being treated as children) of disabled people. There are plenty of misconceptions about disability and sex and these narratives, coupled with ableist treatment in general, can break down self-esteem and heighten the problem within disabled communities. Not only are these narratives damaging for how disabled people are viewed and how they move through the world, it can also be a threat to their safety. Ableist views and barriers to consent and sex education lead to increased discrimination and higher rates of sexual assault among disabled people. Sexual violence against disabled women in England and Wales has more than doubled in the past six years, according to figures from the UK’s Office for National Statistics (ONS). As of March 2018, disabled women were almost twice as likely to have experienced sexual assault (5.7%) than non-disabled women (3%), according to the ONS Disability and Crime data set, published in February 2022. ‘During a date, the person I was with told me that I would be easier to sexually assault because I can’t get away fast due to my mobility gear,’ 33-year-old Sarah Szymczak tells Metro.co.uk. ‘Disabled people f**k. We touch ourselves. We watch porn. We make porn. We wear lingerie. We send nude pics. We sext. Pretending it doesn’t happen denies our experience, and it hurts us by stripping away part of our existence. ‘Framing these acts as perverse or wrong because we may look or work differently hurts us.’ Sarah, who is a part-time jeweller, kink toy maker and writer, has chronic fatigue syndrome, ADHD and Autism spectrum disorder (ASD). They have experienced vast amounts of ableism, especially in regard to intimacy and their sex life. ‘I’ve had people tell me that being hypermobile and dislocating joints during sex would be incredibly hot,’ they say. ‘I’ve had people ask me how I have sex and if I “just lay there” because of my low energy levels. ‘The biggest one, though, is when people completely discount me having sex because I am disabled, and seem surprised and almost a little weirded out when I talk about it. ‘They have already decided that parts of me don’t work or don’t exist, simply because the idea of someone that isn’t like them having sex makes them uncomfortable.’ Sex and disability are not mutually exclusive, Sarah, who is an active member of the kink community, explains: ‘During kink events, there have been multiple times where a stranger has joined the conversation to tell me that they thought being in a wheelchair means those bits don’t work anymore or that they had never really considered the idea that disabled people have sex,’ they say. ‘Then they will ask me to explain how disabled people have sex like we’re some kind of monolith. There is a lot of ignorance about disabled bodies, and it needs to be addressed.’ Ableism doesn’t always have to involve grand statements or exclusion. It can be subtle and insidious, too. ‘Because it’s so ingrained in the very society we live in, people don’t even consider why they hold these beliefs,’ Sarah says. ‘Some people believe that disabled people are incapable of moderating their bodies, including being sexual with them. ‘Disabled people have been infantilised for generations, and embracing our sexuality shatters the idea that we are child-like. It is why so many able-bodied folks find the concept of us having sex as perverse.’ Sarah thinks that the best way for us to leave ableist notions in the past is to keep increasing visibility in the media. ‘I want to see sexy disabled people in movies, advertisements, and catwalks. We must be loud and proud, keep telling our stories, and push for more funding for disabled sexual health services.’ Disability wasn’t mentioned in any of Sarah’s classes at school, let alone sex education lessons. ‘I don’t think I can overstate how important it is to make sure the sex ed we’re teaching is inclusive so that diverse experiences are covered,’ they explain. ‘Both as teens and as adults, sex education that encompasses our experience is vital in helping us know our bodies, destigmatise disability, and give at-risk folk the tools to help keep themselves safe.’ ‘Many people see disability as tragic or like a death sentence,’ says Youtuber Winston Ben Clements. ‘It’s very hard for people to imagine that actually you can be disabled and have a healthy, happy family relationship and a healthy, intimate relationship.’ Winston, 34, and his wife Mayfair Clements, 23, are an inter-abled couple who started their YouTube channel ‘The Clements’ in 2020. The couple has 165K subscribers on their family youtube account, where they post videos, vlogs and Q&As about their life, discussing marriage, parenthood and sex. Winston, a motivational speaker, was born with osteogenesis imperfecta, a skeletal condition that causes his bones to be very fragile. He has suffered more than 200 fractures and uses a wheelchair for mobility. He met Mayfair, a life coach, in 2018, and they got married in August 2020. The couple welcomed their first child, Malaika, in January 2022. ‘We do receive a few negative messages from people typically suggesting that we are together for financial reasons or questioning why an able-bodied person would ever get into a relationship with a disabled person who cannot have sex or have children (which are incorrect assumptions of course),’ explains Winston. ‘Where disability is involved, it almost gives people a permission slip to ask questions they would never ask anybody else. Step back and think if you would ask the same questions to any other couple.’ Since they started dating, people have questioned Mayfair’s intention in the relationship. ‘People call me a gold digger,’ she says. ‘But I think these misconceptions and ableist mindsets come from that notion that to be disabled is to be less-than. So they assume that if [an able-bodied person] is in a relationship with someone who is disabled, it must be for another reason. ‘They assume that we are not a normal couple, just like everyone else.’ ‘Sex is possible, and it is very enjoyable for us,’ says Winston however, the couple are also wary about what details they share online, and Winston encourages people to stop and think about the intrusive questions they may be asking. ‘We are real people who have to deal with these ableist questions and assumptions,’ he says. ‘Ask yourself if you would ask your brother or sister these questions. How would you feel if a stranger asked intimate questions about your sex life?’ ‘Be careful about where our curiosity slips into ableism,’ warns Mayfair. ‘Your curiosity shouldn’t expense someone else. If your question makes someone feel embarrassed or uncomfortable, then it’s ableist. Curiosity shouldn’t make anyone feel uncomfortable.’ ‘We need both inclusion and equity within sex education to make sure that everyone has access to information and resources,’ says Ness Cooper, a clinical sexologist and trained youth sex educator. ‘When it comes to disability, there can be many people within a classroom environment who may have a hidden or visible disability and making sure they are included is important. ‘This is because they are likely to experience a diverse range of sexual and or relationship encounters, questions, and experiences throughout their lives just like anyone else.’ Disability-inclusive sex education is also essential. Isabelle Uren, a sex expert from Bedbible, says this is needed in order to equip people with disabilities and their sexual partners with the information they need to have safe and satisfying sex lives. ‘It’s also integral in normalising disabilities and sex and breaking down the myths and stigmas surrounding it,’ she adds. ‘Disability-inclusive sex-ed gives people with disabilities access to vital information, including learning about consent. The higher rates of sexual assault against disabled people make this even more important. ‘It also gives people with disabilities a safe space to explore their sexuality and discover ways to enjoy sexual pleasure.’ Non-disabled people also have a lot to gain from disability-inclusive sex education, Isabelle explains. This will help them to break down their biases and learn how to adapt sex to meet the needs of a potential disabled partner. One big issue that underlies many preconceived ideas about sex and disability, is the tendency to focus more on a person’s disability than on them as an individual. ‘Some people feel entitled to ask disabled people very intimate questions about their sex life – something they wouldn’t dare ask of a non-disabled person,’ says Isabelle. ‘People also try to group all people with disabilities together. Infantilising disabled people, seeing them as victims, or believing they are incapable of sexual autonomy excludes people with disabilities from being seen as potential partners. ‘There is a lack of representation of disabled people in sexual contexts. For example, in the porn industry, disabled people are often fetishised rather than having sexual agency.’ The idea that ‘sex equals penetration’ is another limiting idea that stems from both ableism and heteronormativity, Isabelle explains. This limiting definition of sex overlooks the many other pleasurable ways to have sex that might be more accessible to people with disabilities. Many of society’s views about disability come from preconceived ideas grounded in ableism. ‘One pervasive misconception is that disabled people are asexual and don’t have sexual desires, which is not true,’ Isabelle adds. ‘Like non-disabled people, people with disabilities can be anywhere on the spectrum of sexualities and gender expression. ‘Another is that disabled people are undesirable as romantic or sexual partners. Again, this is a discriminatory assumption based on ignorance.’ Education about asexuality is also essential, according to Ness. ‘If individuals can learn what asexuality is, as a sexuality, it can help them understand the difference between those who choose not to have sex for various reasons or those who struggle to have sex for various reasons. ‘Asexuality is a sexual identity and not something that occurs due to disability.’ Stigma can make it harder for individuals to have a satisfying sex life as they can struggle to discuss their needs and wants, Ness explains. Stigma can also make it harder for individuals to report experiences of abuse. ‘If we reduce stigma, we can hopefully increase awareness and action in prevention and support in abuse and rape incidents,’ she says. According to Isabelle, getting rid of these damaging stigmas is also essential for giving disabled people autonomy over their sex lives and sexual health. ‘Going beyond the basics of sexual safety, it will help disabled people learn to have satisfying solo and partnered sex in a way that suits them,’ she explains. ‘Sexual pleasure comes with many physical and psychological benefits, including building a better relationship with your body and pain relief. Disabled people should not be denied these benefits. ‘Not to mention, outside of the benefits directly related to sex, breaking these stigmas can help create a more inclusive, less ableist society in general.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What can disabled people teach us about sex? MORE : Disabled people must be able to express our sexual needs. Our health depends on it MORE : ‘I was dismissed as simple’: People reveal the reality of disability discrimination at work