Love Island fans are convinced that Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu’s brother could soon be back on our screens for Casa Amor after he made his debut on Aftersun over the weekend. Arda appeared on the sister show alongside his mother to discuss Ekin-Su’s time in the villa so far and had audiences in stitches when he admitted he didn’t like a single guy in there. Many audiences were left certain that Arda will be one of the bombshells headed into the villa for Casa Amor week, which is rumoured to begin on Monday, after he dropped a major hint. The confident sibling told presenter Laura Whitmore: ‘People ask me, “is it weird to see your sister on TV” but I’ve expected this to happen since day dot. ‘I think she was born to do this and I’m glad you guys are starting to see my sister on TV now and see what she’s like. ‘And now you’re seeing my face on your screens and get used to it because you’re going to see it a lot more.’ As the audience laughed at Ekin-Su’s brother’s frank statements, Laura quipped: ‘It runs in the family, doesn’t it! I feel like a family show – Kardashians, watch out.’ Viewers were analysing Arda’s words about seeing his face ‘a lot more’ with many believing that he’ll jetting to Majorca any second now. ‘Ekin’s brother is on his way into the villa,’ one suspected. ‘The only bombshell I’m seeing on my screen now is Ekin-Su’s brother and I want him in Casa Amor to shake things up. He’s soo fine,’ another added. Echoing a similar sentiment, a third penned: ‘Put Ekin’s brother in the villa…. this series!’ Whether Arda will soon be making his way to the villa remains to be seen… but imagine the chaos! Meanwhile, Monday night’s episode saw Ekin-Su clash with Michael Owen’s daughter Gemma Owen. Gemma confronted Ekin-Su over ‘d*ckhead behaviour’ after rumours were spread about true feelings for partner, fishmonger Luca Bish. The situation began earlier in the day when Dami Hope attempted to read the international dressage rider’s mind on how she regards her relationship with Luca, to which she admitted she’s open to getting to know a new boy. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 