Kate Middleton arrived at Royal Ascot today wearing a stunning Alessandra Rich dress, proving that she’s earned her place as an (albeit unintentional) fashion influencer. The Duchess of Cambridge was pictured wearing a monochrome polka-dot number by the London-based designer, paired with a tonal hat and brown pointed heels. It was a lesson in dressing for formal events during summer, with a timeless feel that appears airy yet still appropriate for a royal box. A belted waist adds definition and highlights the shape, while a sensible neckline and hemline keep things regal. A ruffle detail adds some extra intrigue to the outfit. Like most things Kate wears, the exact dress she sported on race day number four has now sold out. However, there are plenty of similar options if you want to work the trend. Go for a piece with a white or ivory base colour and contrasting black spots, but veer away from cow and dalmatian prints if you’re aiming for a grown-up vibe. Aside from that, put your own spin on the trend by switching up the shape of your formal frock. Kate may have to follow royal protocol when dressing, but you can have a little more fun. Here are our favourite pieces to steal Kate Middleton’s Ascot 2022 style. Buy for £635 (reduced from £1,270) at Matches Fashion. Buy for £33.99 at New Look. Buy for £420 (reduced from £765) at Matches Fashion. Buy for £45 at M&S. Buy for £197 (reduced from £329) at MyTheresa. Buy for £75 at M&S. Buy for £179 at John Lewis. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Costa Coffee is giving away free iced drinks just in time for the heatwave MORE : The heat got a bit too much for some people at Royal Ascot MORE : Six ways your imposter syndrome could be costing you money