Love Island newcomer Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu delivered quite the bombshell on her date with Liam Llewellyn, by telling him she’d once starred as a serial killer in a Turkish soap opera… Ekin-Su, 27, was one of two girls to enter the villa on Wednesday night, alongside Afia Tonkmor, 25. She is an actress who currently splits her time between London and Istanbul. While on a date with Liam, she explained she had been in the Turkish city for the last two years and has taken on some pretty wild roles. ‘I’ve played really weird characters,’ she began, as she quickly grabbed her date’s attention She went on to admit: ‘I’ve played a serial killer,’ leaving Liam a little bit lost for words. He simply responded: ‘Your eyes are too nice!’ Iain Stirling couldn’t resist a cheeky dig at Liam’s expense after the revelation, telling viewers: ‘It’s left Liam thinking, why would anyone want to kill cornflakes.’ After his date with Ekin-Su, the pair went back to the villa with Afia, as they introduced themselves to the rest of the islanders. However, Ekin-Su immediately trod on some toes as she expressed her interest in Davide Sanclimenti, which did not leave Gemma Owen pleased. Later on, she made her intentions clear, brutally telling all the girls: ‘I’m not here to make seasonal girlfriends. I’m here to make the love of my life.’ Fans were loving the new arrival, as they already thanked her for bringing a much-needed dose of drama. One wrote on Twitter: ‘Ekin-Su is genuinely all-timer contestant potential, I’m so so for this, this cast needed genuine drama they’re all so boring.’ ‘Ekin-Su is giving us entertainment so I don’t even care she’s a pick me #LoveIsland,’ a fan commented. ‘Ekin-Su lowkey unhinged… love her #LoveIsland,’ someone else said. But as she already starts to grow closer to Davide, will she successfully manage to find a guy to couple up with? Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : How Love Island’s Davide Sanclimenti ‘used crotch’ to grab Gemma Owen’s attention during that painful date MORE : A message for the Love Island boys: Women who kiss women are not your porn 