A hologram of the Queen as a young woman was seen in the historic Gold State Coach used at her coronation, as a parade to celebrate her 70 years on the throne kicked off. Her Majesty is not in the royal box for the Platinum Jubilee Pageant as she faces mobility issues at age 96. But crowds could still feel the British monarch’s presence as a 25-year-old version of her waved to them from the window. Future Kings Prince Charles and Prince William were seen standing as the coach passed by at the street carnival extravaganza in London. The Queen used the vehicle to travel from Buckingham Palace to Westminster Abbey before the crown was placed on her head for the first time at her coronation in 1953. It has been used at the coronation of every British monarch since George IV. Weighing almost four tonnes, it is seven metres long and needs eight horses to draw it. The Platinum Pageant in central London tells the story of The Queen’s seven-decade reign and Britain’s transforming society. More than 10,000 people are involved – including the military, more than 6,000 volunteers, performers, key workers, and 2,500 members of the general public. Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis have joined their parents, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, in the royal box to watch the pageant that brings the four-day weekend to a close. Other royals present include Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Zara and Mike Tindall and Princess Beatrice. Prime Minister Boris Johnson is watching with wife Carrie, while opposition leader Keir Starmer is also in the audience. Guardsmen, Gurkhas, Royal Marines and the Household Cavalry Mounted Regiment in their breastplates and plumed feathers were among the hundreds of servicemen and women who led the way along the streets around Buckingham Palace today. Sir Cliff Richard, Katherine Jenkins and Bonnie Langford are among the famous faces who have made an appearance on an open-top bus celebrating the 1950s. Fashion royalty Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell led stars on the 1990s pageant bus, designed in a denim style with badges. Seven decades of James Bond cars have been represented, while Strictly Come Dancing professionals including Amy Dowden, Graziano Di Prima and Jowita Przystal, headed down the road in a group pedalo-style vehicle. RuPaul’s Drag Race stars Baga Chipz and Blu Hydrangea were among drag queens who featured in a float during a section that paid homage to Pride’s history in the UK.  Shirley Ballas said the atmosphere was ‘electric’ as she travelled on a 1970s bus. Speaking to broadcaster Anita Rani, she said: ‘The atmosphere is absolutely electric, people are really responding. Everyone in the bus is having an absolute ball.’ Meanwhile, Gary Lineker joked it is a ‘career highlight’ to be on the same bus as Pudsey Bear. It comes as millions ignore thunderstorms at Jubilee street parties in true British fashion. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.