It’s impossible to keep George Ezra down for long as the singer has confirmed he’ll perform at Glastonbury festival today despite being struck down by a recent illness. The Shotgun singer was forced to pull out of the Tinderbox Festival in Odense, Denmark on Friday after contracting a ‘nasty’ bout of laryngitis. Fans were concerned for George’s health and whether he would be able to perform at Glastonbury over the weekend, as he had been rumoured for the festival’s iconic ‘secret sets’. Well on Sunday, the musician gave fans the news they’d been waiting for, sharing a photo of the John Peel Stage tent on Twitter. He wrote: ‘SURPRISE! @glastonbury see you 2pm on the John Peel Stage for a big old party.’ Reacting to the announcement, one fan tweeted: ‘Glad to know your feeling better now x.’ ‘Wow George!! I’m happy that your voice has returned and are better!! have a super party,’ another cheered. One commented in similar fashion: ‘Glad to know that your voice has returned, G!’ Another billed the news as the ‘worst kept secret’ given George was a top contender among predictions. Rumours mounted that an act purportedly called ‘Gold Rush Kid’ was scheduled to play the John Peel Stage, however fans were convinced there was no Gold Rush Kid at all and that it would in fact be George making the appearance. George was linked to the rumour as Gold Rush Kid is the name of his recently released album, so they didn’t exactly try super hard to disguise his identity. It appears the Blame It On Me singer was able to quickly recover from his sickness, after breaking the news to fans that he would no longer be appearing at Tinderbox Festival, insisting he was ‘absolutely gutted’. He wrote: ‘Hello everybody, I’m absolutely gutted to say that I won’t be able to perform at Tinderbox Festival in Denmark tomorrow. ‘I’ve come down with a nasty bout of laryngitis and under doctor’s orders I’ve been advised to go on full vocal rest for 48 hours.’ The hitmaker said he ‘hates having to cancel shows’ but added that, unfortunately, ‘this one is out of my control.’ ‘So sorry to everyone that was planning on coming down to see me and the band,’ he continued. ‘Love, George.’ George isn’t the only surprise act making an appearance today as Glastonbury has also announced that The White Stripes frontman Jack White will be performing at The Park at 6pm. Glastonbury Festival continues today at Worthy Farm, Somerset with Kendrick Lamar headlining the final day. Coverage of the music festival can be found on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lily Allen ‘overwhelmed’ after performing with Olivia Rodrigo at Glastonbury after almost three years sobriety MORE : Dave Grohl appears to reveal Taylor Hawkins tattoo in tribute to late Foo Fighters drummer during surprise Glastonbury performance with Sir Paul McCartney 