Final talks to stop next week’s rail strikes have collapsed, paving the way for transport chaos across the country. The Rail, Transport and Maritime Union (RMT) said discussions failed to resolve a bitter row over pay, jobs and conditions. As a result, more than 40,000 staff at Network Rail and 13 train operators are expected to walk out. General secretary Mick Lynch said: ‘Despite the best efforts of our negotiators no viable settlements to the disputes have been created.’ Rail strikes will go ahead on Tuesday, Thursday and next Saturday, and on London Underground on Tuesday. But Network Rail said it will cause disruption for six days due to the impact on services on the days in between the strikes. Government ministers have been highly critical of the industrial action. But Mr Lynch said: ‘It has to be restated that the source of these disputes is the decision by the Tory Government to cut £4bn of funding from our transport systems – £2bn from national rail and £2bn from Transport for London. ‘As a result of this transport austerity imposed by the Government, the employing companies have taken decisions to savage the Railway Pension Scheme and the Transport for London scheme, cutting benefits, making staff work longer, and poorer in retirement, while paying increased contributions.’ Mr Lynch said thousands of jobs were being cut across the rail networks and workers were facing below-inflation pay rises. ‘In the face of this massive attack on our people the RMT cannot be passive. ‘So today, having heard the reports on the discussions that have been taking place we are confirming that the strike action scheduled to take place on 21st, 23rd and 25th June will go ahead. ‘We want a transport system that operates for the benefit of the people, for the needs of society and our environment – not for private profit. ‘We call on the entire labour movement and the working people to rally to the support of the RMT and our members in this struggle.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.  