It seems that Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku could leave for Inter Milan this summer – but who will new owner Todd Boehly and head coach Thomas Tuchel replace him with? Lukaku has made no secret of his desire to return to the Italian club and Inter CEO Alessandro Antonello says he is hopeful of agreeing a deal with the Premier League side soon. The 29-year-old joined the Blues for a whopping £97.5m last August but his second spell at Stamford Bridge has not worked out, with the Belgian scoring just eight Premier League goals in 2021-22. Lautaro Martinez has reportedly snubbed a move to Chelsea but here are four other strikers the club may look to bring in if they decide to offload Lukaku before the new season… The obvious name on this list is of course Robert Lewandowski, who will leave Bayern Munich this summer. Chelsea are among the clubs desperate to secure his signature. Considered as one of the best strikers in world football, Chelsea boss Tuchel is said to be very keen on signing Lewandowski, who scored a mouth-watering 50 goals in 46 games last term. Unfortunately for the Blues – there is speculation the 33-year-old Poland international has rejected a move to west London – and he is also heavily linked with La Liga side Barcelona. Explaining his desire to leave Bayern Munich, Lewandoswki said earlier this month: ‘Something has died in me, I want to leave Bayern for more emotions in my life.’ Although strongly rumoured with London rivals Arsenal, Chelsea are thought to be keen on bringing Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus to Stamford Bridge and could swoop in for him. The Brazil international, who will be out of contract next summer, knows he will find his game-time under Pep Guardiola limited next season after they signed Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund. Real Madrid are also thought to be interested in the 25-year-old, who has registered 58 goals in 159 Premier League games across six top-flight seasons at the Etihad Stadium. Chelsea’s place in the Champions League may influence Jesus’ decision, with Glen Johnson among those questioning why he would join Arsenal following their top-four blow. Another Brazilian Premier League forward linked with a move to Chelsea is Everton’s Richarlison – who is also wanted by Tottenham and Arsenal in a three-way battle. The 25-year-old has been a mainstay at Goodison Park since his £50m move from Watford in 2018, making 152 appearances and scoring 53 times. He helped Frank Lampard’s team avoid relegation last term – and despite the fact that Spurs appear to be favourites to land his signature – he could easily emulate Willian and turn them down for the Blues. Discussing his future at Goodison Park earlier in the month, Richarlison said: ‘I’ve already made it clear to the board. I’ve already talked to (Frank) Lampard too, with my agents and they know what I want. Let’s wait for June.’ Although technically not a striker, Chelsea could opt to bring in Manchester City’s Raheem Sterling and play him out wide in a front three with Kai Havertz moving to a more central role. Chelsea have several other players that suit this system including Christian Pulisic, Hakim Ziyech, Callum Hudson-Odoi, Armando Broja and Timo Werner. England hero Sterling has been linked with a move to Stamford Bridge and it’s a move that makes sense with the 2022 World Cup around the corner, as the 27-year-old looks to play more regularly. Meanwhile, Chelsea are interested in signing Barcelona winger Ousmane Dembele, who will be available on a free transfer next month. Christopher Nkunku is another option being considered after scoring 35 goals and providing 19 assists in 50 appearances for RB Leipzig in the Bundesliga last season. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 