Royal Ascot is one of the glammest daytime events in the social calendar and many famous faces make sure to make an appearance at the annual occasion. So it’s no surprise the celebs were out in force for the second day of the races at the Ascot Racecourse in London on Wednesday, posing in their finest wares before enjoying the sunshine and sport. On the first day saw the stars turn out for the opening of the week-long event such as Love Island star Gemma Owen’s dad, Michael Owen who was spotted at the event just hours after his daughter’s unusual comments about horses. Now some of showbiz’s favourite faces – including Holly Willoughby, Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan, Dermot O’Leary and Oti Mabuse – have scrubbed up for the second day of glamorous event that saw Prince Charles and Camilla fill in for the Queen, who was absent. This Morning presenter Holly Willoughby brightened up the affair in a beautiful dusty pink dress with a matching pink clutch and nude heels. Holly, 41, let her shoulder-length hair flow with a soft wave, while she tilted her elegant pink hat for the cameras to see the detailed pink and white flowers underneath. She finished the stunning ensemble with minimal make-up and a soft pink lipgloss. Good Morning Britain presenter Richard and his wife Judy beamed as they posed for the cameras, with the former This Morning presenters seeming relaxed and putting on a glamorous display at the prestigious event. Judy, 74, wore a floral pink, red and orange blazer of a white tiered maxi dress, which she paired with a stunning white hat, oversized sunglasses and soft curls in her blonde hair. Richard, 66, opted for a cream suit with light blue shirt and matching tie for the occasion, while he put his arm around his wife for photos and sported some aviators. The sweet couple were also joined by their ITV co-star Dermot and his wife, Dee Koppang. Dee had a monochrome moment with an elegant white dress with black polka dots, which she matched to her black fascinator, blazer and a pearl beaded bag. The stylish duo looked relaxed as they struggled to keep a straight face for the camera and giggled at each other before the fun-filled day ahead. The Dermot, 49, will celebrate 10 years with his wife in September, with whom he shares a son born in 2020. Another power couple to take to centre stage at the event was comedian Jason Manford and his wife Lucy Dyke. The 8 out of 10 cats star took a break from his UK tour to make a trip to London for the prestigious event. The 41-year-old wore a classic grey suit for the occasion, while his wife wore an elegant white dress with a black clutch, sunnies and fascinator. The ITV presenter was in good company as Dancing on Ice’s Oti Mabuse also opted for bright colour blocking for her vibrant outfit. The former Strictly Come Dancing professional beamed in a satin emerald green wrap dress that formed a large bow over her waist. Oti, 31, continued her bold colours with a striking hot pink fascinator that sat upon her straight locks as they flowed over her shoulders. Call the Midwife actress Helen George also wore an eye-catching colourful dress with mesh shoulders and several intricate, vibrant patterns across the bust flowing down the midi dress. The actress glowed in a bold black fascinator and strong red lip, which she matched with dainty drop blue earrings and a silver bracelet. Helen was spotted amongst other well-known faces, including comedian Rob Beckett. The 36-year-old who is known for his role as team captain on 8 Out of 10 Cats and narrating Celebs Go Dating, wore a navy suit for the glamorous event. He beamed at cameras in the roasting sun, as he matched his blue suit and tie with a black belt and shoes. Other TV presenters such as Penny Lancaster were in attendance at Ascot on Wednesday. The 51-year-old model and TV personality wore a beautiful one-shoulder white dress that was covered in shades of purple wisteria. The fitting dress also showcased her bronzed legs with a thigh-high split. She teamed up the dress with various shades of purple in a large floppy hat, scarf across her shoulders and a clutch bag. Penny looked stunning as she posed for photos alone, without her husband Rod Stewart who recently performed at the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee concert. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : What actually happens to the clothes on Great British Sewing Bee? Sara Pascoe reveals all MORE : The best hats so far from Royal Ascot 2022 