Having sex on an airplane is risky business. Not many are willing to try it, but those who do will earn themselves a place in the exclusive and infamous Mile-High club. It’s not an actual, physical club – it’s just slang for people who have had sex thousands of feet in the air. The stakes are high when trying to get frisky in a small enclosed space filled with other people and staff on the lookout for funny business. But maybe that’s all part of the fun. It’s illegal to get it on in your plane seat, but that doesn’t always stop people. In 1999, two passengers flying Dallas to Manchester stripped down and started going at it in the middle of business class. They were swiftly arrested. These days, rich folk choose to fly private to do as they wish without interruption, but plenty of others try it on commercial flights – by waiting until the lights go down on an overnight flight, or sneaking off into the bathroom. To save people the embarrassment of being caught going at it, there are airlines dedicated to recruiting more members into the Mile High Club. ‘Love Cloud’ offers private flights over Las Vegas, where couples can enjoy fine dining and an actual Mile High Club ​​VIP membership cards and certificate. That will cost you at least $1,095, though. The risk of being caught is what makes it so thrilling, but is the Mile High Club all it is cracked up to be? We spoke to people who earnt their membership, to find out what it’s like to get down and dirty way up in the air. Ben Austin, 41, Founder of Megapleasure ‘On May 30th, my wife and I flew to Las Vegas as a belated 40th birthday celebration. ‘Due to the current airport delays, we arrived to the airport early, giving us plenty of time to have a drink before our flight. We were travelling in business class so also enjoyed welcome drinks of champagne once we boarded. By this stage we were both pretty tipsy. ‘Once we had taken off and the seatbelt signs were off my wife spontaneously decided she wanted to give me an early birthday gift and told me to meet her in the toilet. ‘As frequent flyers, we know that the air stewards are usually preoccupied at this point preparing the first part of the onboard hospitality. ‘We slipped into the toilet together discreetly and enjoyed 20 minutes of exhilarating uninhibited sexual activities. ‘Although the toilets are pretty small with some degree of flexibility we were able to indulge in both oral sex and full intercourse and can honestly say it was one of the best orgasms I’ve had! ‘I have since read that orgasms are heightened by the increase in altitude, so I would recommend it to anyone brave enough. ‘As we left the toilet there was a guy waiting outside who had a little chuckle about my wife and I sheepishly exiting the toilet together. It made me laugh all the way back to my seat. ‘I’m very happy to be part of the Mile High Club and it was an amazing start to a fantastic birthday trip and well worth the year’s wait.’ Jamie* ‘A few years ago, I joined a lads trip (I don’t know what I was thinking) with four of my male friends. We always hung out so it seemed like a good idea to go abroad. ‘So one of them had moved to another town and I hadn’t seen him much, until the trip. ‘One night, when I was in their hotel room (I had one to myself), the other boys were sleeping or on their phone, and A* and I got talking. The chat got sexy. ‘I invited him to my room that night and we got it on. The next few days on the trip, we found excuses to be alone; kissing at the back of the resort and going on walks. ‘This behaviour continued on the plane, even when I was sat between two of the boys. ‘A* was to my right (on the aisle seat) while my other friend was to the left. When it got dark, and everyone had nodded off (I hope), *A took off the zip on my jeans and managed to get his hand in my underwear, and got to work. ‘It was so risky, considering I didn’t even have a blanket and my other friend could have easily woken up. ‘I didn’t finish, I was too paranoid. I feel gross telling this story now.’ Lisa* ‘I used to be a cabin crew for a popular airline. During my four years of flying, I have witnessed one case of sex on board. It was an overnight flight. ‘After the dinner service, the purser dimmed the cabin light as part of the service protocol. Each cabin crew would take turns to go in and check the cabin and the passengers. It’s a part of safety and security protocol. ‘It was my turn to go into the cabin and check. We had plenty of empty seats in the back of the aircraft. When I nearly reached the end of the aircraft, I saw something going up and down under the blanket on one of the window seats. ‘The cabin was dark, only the blue interior and starry ceiling lights were on. So, I came closer. In my head, I prepared myself by reviewing some restraint techniques because I thought it might be a disruptive situation. ‘The closer I got, the clearer the moaning sound I heard. It turned out that both passengers were under the blanket having sex. ‘As part of my duty, I had to report to my seniors. My supervisor came with me to double-check. We came back to the galley to discuss [what to do]. My supervisor decided to let them finish because they were in the middle of the wild ride. ‘Then after, he went to talk to them in private and give a warning.’ Former cabin crew member Jo Fiander ‘This happened long ago, before phones could film. There was a couple in the toilet having sex… moans and groans could be heard from back rows near the toilet. ‘A man travelling with two kids jumps up, starts banging on the door, saying “come on guys – there’s kids out here.” ‘No response. ‘He repeated his request with a lot more banging on the door. The door opens and an argument ensues. ‘The man from the toilet punches the family man in the face. Chaos broke out on the plane. ‘Other male passengers stepped in to help the crew stop the fight. Thank God for phones now keeping some people in check!’ John Junior, mental health activist ‘I’ve had sex on a plane twice. Both times were spontaneous, but [my partner] did say she wanted to do something naughty while flying. ‘It happened when I flew business class to Iceland with my partner. If anyone asked, I used to say my misses needs to help me in the toilet as I struggle. I do, but I was OK at the time! ‘I have bolts in my knees, along with metal work in my foot as I have arthritis, so she said, “I need to help him take his pants off”. ‘I had to look away as I couldn’t keep my face straight from laughing. ‘The best thing is all disabled toilets on board have handles so there’s great support when flying. ‘She bent over and I had sex with her doggy style, we were laughing at first out of nerves then after a bit she was like – “I can’t be quiet”, I said you will have to be, and I put my hand around her mouth. It only lasted a few mins as I was so anxious about being caught. ‘I also sat on the toilet while she bounced on me. The rush was incredible. It made us both feel better as we were anxious about the flight and then had an urge to do that. It felt so good. ‘It’s a thrill and a laugh at the time.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What disabled people want you to know about their sex lives: ‘There is a lot of ignorance about disabled bodies’ MORE : Sex card and boardgames for couples to get competitive in the bedroom MORE : We smoked weed, had sex and never saw one another again – it was the best date