Sue Barker, the famous host of BBC’s tennis coverage, will retire after this year’s Wimbledon. The presenter, 66, has decided to hang up the mic after 30 years despite being offered a three-year extension. Last year, Barker stepped down as the host of A Question of Sport, a role she performed for 24 years. In an official statement via the BBC, she said: ‘What a wonderful time I’ve had working on some of the biggest sporting events around the world. I will miss it terribly but after 30 years I feel the time is right for me. I’ve worked with the best of the best.’ The former tennis star joined BBC’s Wimbledon coverage in 1993 and has fronted the network’s broadcast since 2000. Barker’s final match will be the Wimbledon men’s final which takes place on 10 July. She told Mail Plus: ‘When I started I never thought I would manage 30 years. I had actually made up my mind to leave in 2017 because the hours were becoming very long and quite challenging. ‘That would have been 25 years and seemed a good time, but I am so glad I made the decision to stay on. I’m very happy to be leaving with no regrets and on my own terms while I am still on top of the job, it just feels like the right time to go and leave it to others. ‘My mum was always so interested in my broadcasting career and we would speak every evening. When something like that happens it does make you reassess life, which is another reason I think this is the right time.’ Speaking about Barker’s departure, Director-General of the BBC Tim Davie said: ‘Sue Barker has been the face and voice of Wimbledon for three decades. Many of our viewers will not know of a summer in SW19 without her. ‘She is a consummate professional, an outstanding presenter and a wonderful colleague, loved by current and former players, all of us at the BBC and audiences across the UK and beyond. ‘Her contribution to tennis, the BBC, sports presenting and for blazing a trail for women in broadcasting cannot be overstated. ‘We are looking forward to her leading our coverage, with all the style, warmth and knowledge she has displayed for the last 30 years, and we will say farewell with heavy hearts at the end of the tournament.’ MORE : Emma Raducanu suffers fresh injury blow ahead of Wimbledon MORE : John McEnroe slams Wimbledon decision to ban Russian and Belarusian stars For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 