Chris Hemsworth is used to dazzling the masses as Thor in Marvel’s various blockbusters, but it’s his new sleeper hit Spiderhead which has everyone talking at the moment. While most fans await the release of Thor: Love and Thunder next month, Netflix quietly dropped Spiderhead starring Chris in the lead alongside Miles Teller and Jurnee Smollett on Friday. The dystopian thriller is based on George Saunders’ short story Escape from Spiderhead, and follows two inmates at a state-of-the-art prison as they form a bond while dealing with events of their past. However, the institution is run by a visionary who experiments on his inmates with mind-altering drugs. Spiderhead appears to have mostly impressed viewers, with some even hailing it as Chris’ best performance yet – Thor would no doubt disagree. One Netflix viewer tweeted: ‘Spiderhead was a great movie. Definitely one of Chris Hemsworth’s best performances. He makes a terrific villain. All the Chris’s do.’ ‘Chris Hemsworth Has Range Yo,’ another stated, clearly blown away by the Hollywood star’s gritty acting chops. Sharing their review, one said: ‘#Spiderhead is unhinged lol. I think I loved it? I laughed, almost cried. Chris Hemsworth is whacky as hell. BANGING soundtrack. But where the film shines is in capturing what it looks/feels like to live with a mental illness. So come for the fun but stay for the bigger story.’ Another fan agreed: ‘#Spiderhead cleverly examines the complexities & dangers of love, loss, & regret. Hemsworth is a blast to watch while Jurnee and Miles performances provide an emotional depth to their characters that forces the audience to delve deeper into the darkest secrets of their souls.’ Calling out what they felt was under-marketing, one added: ‘I just watched #Spiderhead and I’m again angry that Netflix did nothing to market this movie. Although it won’t be for everyone, I really enjoyed it. It’s well directed, the soundtrack rules, and Chris Hemsworth absolutely BODIED this s**t. Easily my favorite performance of his.’ One critic said: ‘In 7 days a streaming service is releasing a $100 million+ movie starring one of the biggest movie stars on earth and directed by a guy with a movie in theaters currently that is the biggest smash hit of the year. Yet I can’t recall seeing a single piece of advertising for it.’ It’s not the first time Chris has impressed Netflix subscribers as he scored a huge blockbuster with action movie Extraction, which broke records when it was released in 2020. He’s due to reprise his role in the sequel, set to arrive later this year. Spiderhead is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Deborah James gets hair brushed by dad as they spend Father’s Day together: ‘He’s my unsung hero’ MORE : WWE referee Tim White dies aged 68: Shawn Michaels, Wade Barrett and more pay tribute 