Krept and Sasha Ellese Gilbert have nailed co-parenting and now they’re taking on the hair and skincare world ‘with a vengeance’. The former couple are proud parents to one of the internet’s cutest toddlers, two-year-old daughter Nala, who is the inspiration behind their new children’s brand. Nala’s Baby is available in over 400 Boots stores across the UK from today and promises to change the industry as we know it. Their new line is one of the first British-made skincare ranges for babies to be sold on the high street with a perfect zero rating on Think Dirty, an app dedicated to finding harmful chemicals and risks in personal care products. It was an idea that Krept, real name Casyo Johnson, and Sasha first thought of before Nala was even born in June 2020, with the mum-to-be growing increasingly concerned about the ingredients used in certain skincare products. They sent a text message to their now-partner the previous month, which said: ‘We have an idea that we want to start and know will do well. We want to make natural baby products because our daughter is due any day now.’ The rest, as they say, is history. ‘We didn’t know it was going to take so long but you can’t rush greatness,’ Krept told Metro.co.uk ahead of the launch. Nala’s Baby is even more of an important brand as Krept, Sasha and little Nala are among the few Black faces fronting children’s hair and skincare brands in the UK. ‘I’m pretty sure in terms of the sector we’re in, probably Rochelle [Humes] I think is the only other person. In comparison to how many skin products out there and the number of Black owners, there’s literally nothing,’ Krept said. ‘It was definitely another driving force to be like we’re actually going to be one of the biggest skin and hair care brands. ‘It’s still a driving force in terms of how much we have to prove that we can make a massive brand that is Black-owned.’ The Krept & Konan rapper added: ‘We’re coming in with such vengeance in terms of how good the product is; this is the best product. It’s really pushing the boundaries in this sector and that’s coming from two Black people, it’s really important that we fly the flag. ‘It’s definitely something that’s been in our thought process.’ Krept and Sasha weren’t just two celebrities who would use their status to charge eye-watering prices and make a quick buck. The musician explained: ‘Pricing the product was another hurdle because we were so firm in believing we wanted to make the price point accessible. ‘When you’re charging people £20, £30 a bottle, it takes away from how good the product is. We were going to take a massive hit.’ He added: ‘We were being told we should sell it for triple the price, “how are you making a product this clean, this natural with augmented reality on there and you’re selling it for [cheap]?” ‘Everything that’s good for you is expensive and we wanted to change that narrative a bit.’ Krept and Sasha announced their split in February 2021, eight months after welcoming Nala. However, they’ve remained good friends since – enough to launch a business together – and co-parent amicably, even if some critics feel they have to share opinions about decisions they make for their own daughter. Most recently, a huge debate unfolded on social media about Nala’s nursery fees. ‘When you’re in the public eye you’ve got to expect that because if you’re putting it out there, you’re giving people a reason to converse on it,’ Krept admitted. ‘People love a conversation and a clickbait or get people talking so, I kind of understood why it happened but at the same time, it was like we are loading up for our daughter so if you guys want to have a discussion because we knew what we was about to announce.’ He added, shrugging it off: ‘It wasn’t something we was too bothered by.’ The family have such a large fan base online that Nala’s female supporters call themselves her ‘aunties’. Sasha said: ‘She’s very loved, very adored. It’s nice that people do love her so much, it’s a nice addition to everything.’ While the toddler appears in the campaign for the first Nala’s Baby line, she’ll be passing the buck to her agemates soon enough. ‘Moving forward we’re not going to make it Nala-focused, there will be other baby ambassadors and parents,’ Sasha added. Krept said: People will know the brand actually came from love and a real person,’ before laughing: ‘Nala’s not forced to take pictures.’ It may be the beginning for Nala’s Baby but the sky’s the limit. ‘It’s about setting her up so she can make those choices and do whatever her heart desires instead of being part of the rat race. Just giving her the opportunity that we wasn’t given,’ Sasha said. With prices starting from £5.50, Nala’s Baby is available in Boots stores from June 20, as well as http://www.boots.com and http://www.nalasbaby.com. The Nala’s Baby website will also be the exclusive stockist of the Nala’s Baby Body Butter, priced at £6.50. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 