Ahead of tonight’s Love Island launch, a herd of ostriches are said to be wreaking havoc outside the villa. The new series of the hit ITV2 dating show kicks off tonight (June 6), and there were group of birds sure to turn some heads in Mallorca as the contestants arrived over the weekend. The ostriches – which can run at speeds of up to 45mph and could kick a human to death – set up camp next to the new location for the upcoming season and ruffled some feathers as they started wandering around the grounds. An insider told the Mirror: ‘Producers have to be careful as they have powerful legs and are known to lash out when disturbed. ‘They seem very interested in what’s going on inside, so the team have been told to be wary, and humans can easily rile them up.’ The first episode airs tonight, with the girls finding out who the public have chosen for them to be coupled up with to start the show. In previous years, the hopeful romantics would step forward to try and pair up with someone based on their looks alone. Explaining the new format, host Laura Whitmore says on this evening’s launch: ‘For the first time ever, we asked the public to play cupid and pick the boy they thought you should couple up with.’ Meanwhile, Laura’s husband – and the show’s comical narrator – Iain Stirling recently claimed viewers are set to see one of the sexiest series yet, joking on Lorraine: ‘It’s sexy. Look at me, I’ve even got a white shirt on – I’m sexy this year, it’s unbelievable. ‘I’d nearly undone this button but I was told I wasn’t allowed to, it was too early in the morning.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives for ITV for comment. Love Island airs tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island 2022: Davide Sanclimenti revealed as first bombshell set to leave one boy at risk of brutal dumping 