A drunk mum broke her pregnant friend’s eye socket and assaulted two infants at a children’s party. Rachel Carter barged past screaming youngsters to set upon Jade Huckstep in Ramsgate, Kent, in March last year. The pair had been yelling at each other for several minutes as foul language ‘flew over the heads’ of the youngsters, a court was told. A neighbour filmed the fracas through their keyhole as the row spilled out on to a shared landing but the women were oblivious to their ‘unedifying’ conduct. In the video shown to the court, the word ‘tramp’ is shouted as children sob. After Carter, 32, admitted grievous bodily harm, judge Simon James told her: ‘You became involved in an argument with your former friend who you knew was in the early stages of pregnancy. ‘It is clear things descended into a physical altercation with you two mothers exchanging punches. ‘Outside, you can both be seen screaming insults at each other, seemingly oblivious to the impact that had on the children around you. ‘You pushed children out of the way so you could continue your assault. ‘You were both drunk and behaving like children — the footage is extraordinary and you should hang your head in shame.’ At one point in the fight, Carter had Ms Huckstep on the floor, punching and kicking her, Canterbury Crown Court heard. She also admitted two counts of common assault relating to the children she barged out of the way. Her barrister Tom Worden said there was a ‘significant degree of provocation involved, there was significant verbal abuse in the lead up to this incident’. He added she was working to address an alcohol problem. The judge gave Carter a suspended two-year jail sentence as an ‘act of mercy’ so that her children would not be without their mum. Carter, of Margate, who has previous assault convictions, must also complete a 40-day rehabilitation activity with the probation service. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.