After three years of uncertainty and restrictions, 2022 is the year of travel. Whether it’s a city break to Paris, a beach holiday in Europe or an overseas luxury stay in the Maldives, Brits are holidaying more than ever this year, with long-haul trips proving especially popular. And who can blame us? After three years trapped on this island, it’s no surprise people are looking to go as far away from the UK as possible. But there is one problem with long-haul flights: jet lag. Jet lag, which leaves us feeling lethargic and unable to regulate our sleep cycle, is what happens when we fly across different time zones. It’s a temporary sleep disorder caused by our circadian rhythms being interrupted, among other factors. Despite being short-lived, jet lag can be a nuisance, especially when you’re trying to enjoy your holiday – or worse, get back into work once you return. While specific jet lag medication is available to buy, there are also a number of natural remedies you can use to treat jet lag from home. ‘If you’re travelling long-haul for some summer sun, ensure you get the quality rest and rejuvenation you need with the help of natural herbs,’ says Amy Peacock, founder of supplement brand, Earth’s Secret. ‘Feeling our best whilst travelling is often tricky, with stress, a lack of comfort, different time zones and routines hindering wreaking havoc on our bodies, but there are natural remedies we can use to fix this.’ A traditional Ayurvedic remedy, saffron is perfect for helping you sleep. ‘Taking Saffron during a long flight can help you drift off peacefully,’ says Amy. ‘Saffron has been traditionally used in many Ayurvedic traditions for its calming and relaxing properties. ‘This succulent spice has been shown to bring about a naturally calming effect and has been clinically proven to help promote restful sleep.’ Another soothing herbal remedy, passion flower has traditionally been used as a sleep aid, particularly in terms of sleep disturbance. ‘Passionflower appears to boost the level of ‘GABA’ (Gamma-aminobutyric acid)  in your brain,’ says Amy . ‘This compound lowers brain activity, which may help you relax and sleep better.’ ‘Studies have shown that montmorency cherries can improve sleep parameters such as duration and quality, due to its naturally high melatonin levels,’ says Amy. Melatonin is often referred to as the ‘hormone of darkness,’ she says, and is a neurohormone that is produced in our body and plays a fundamental role in regulating our sleep-wake cycle. If you like green tea and matcha, you may be familiar with L-theanine, even if you’ve never heard the name. ‘L-Theanine gives green tea many of its cognitive-enhancement and relaxing qualities without drowsiness,’ says Amy. ‘The substance is known as a nootropic as it has been shown to boost Alpha and Theta brain waves, which may promote alert relaxation, which is great for once you get off the plane. ‘L- theanine may increase GABA, serotonin and dopamine levels in your brain which can have an energising effect on your mood.’ Finally, Rhodiola Rosea is perfect for fighting low-energy and fatigue following a flight. ‘The plant has been used traditionally to boost mood by influencing norepinephrine levels in your brain and the feel-good hormones like beta-endorphins,’ explains Amy. ‘Studies have shown that Rhodiola may improve cognitive function and reduce mental fatigue, ideal for beating the jet lag blues.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Is TikTok’s ‘internal shower’ actually good for you? We asked an expert MORE : Mum reveals money-saving hacks to help parents save cash on summer holidays MORE : These rainbow ‘chub rub’ shorts are perfect for a hot Pride summer