Sir Lenny Henry has commented on the apparent ‘interesting’ lack of Black people in the audience at Glastonbury Festival. The actor and comedian, 63, also said he was ‘surprised’ by the lack of diverse faces at festivals in the UK generally. Sir Lenny’s remarks come as Glastonbury organiser Emily Eavis admitted Stormzy’s history-making headline performance in 2019 should have come sooner. Discussing diversity and places where different groups do not mix, Sir Lenny remarked while in conversation with BBC journalist and presenter Clive Myrie: ‘It’s interesting to watch Glastonbury and look at the audience and not see any Black people there. ‘I’m always surprised by the lack of Black and brown faces at festivals. I think, “Wow, that’s still very much a dominant culture thing”.’ Glastonbury takes place next week at Worthy Farm in Somerset, finally celebrating its 50th anniversary after being delayed by the pandemic, with Sir Paul McCartney, Billie Eilish and rapper Kendrick Lamar confirmed as headliners. Sir Lenny, who is fronting a two-part documentary about Caribbean culture in the UK, also addressed Clive recently becoming the first black host of long-running BBC quiz show Mastermind. ‘It’s great to have David Olusoga on television talking about black British history that goes back to Hadrian’s Wall,’ he continued to Clive in an interview with Radio Times. ‘Somewhere the gatekeepers have changed, because now we’re allowed to have you on Mastermind. But how long did that take? ‘We still want more representation because we deserve it. We are British citizens, we are colonials. ‘We’ve been in this country, we have grown up in this country, we’ve contributed and a lot of us feel it still isn’t being reciprocated enough. ‘That’s also what this documentary is about. It’s about that feeling of “Well, come on, I fitted in. Now what? I’ve integrated, now what happens?”’ Read the full interview in Radio Times, out now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 