Tuesdays are synonymous with boredom. I’m sorry, but they are. The fresh new kick of a Monday has worn off, and the weekend looks painfully far away. But using the stars as your guide, this needn’t be the case. Tuesdays can become your new day for setting targets and making progress, so long as you take our advice. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for June 21, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 Been busy lately? If so, take care of yourself by getting extra sleep, and cooking healthy and wholesome meals. Give yourself a chance to get back up to speed over the coming weeks and you’ll be firing on all cylinders. Something you really want? A Venus-Pluto tie might bring it to you. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Ready to see the light? The movement of the Sun into your communication zone could help you understand the truth of any issues you’ve been dealing with. It can seem that a burden is being lifted. Perhaps it’s time to collaborate on a project. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Now is a good time to get creative regarding your financial situation, particularly if you’ve had extra bills to pay and are looking for ways to build up funds. With Mercury making a lively link, your popularity can soar and you might be offered an opportunity that’s too good to miss. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 If aspects of your life have seemed outside of your control, then get ready. From today, you’ll be back in the driving seat. You’ll feel your vitality and sense of direction returning. If you’ve been plagued by differences with someone close, then better times could be just around the corner. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 This could be the perfect opportunity to take a step back from life so you can clear up situations that have lingered on for too long. Go for it, as when the Sun enters your sign in a month, you’ll then be ready to embrace fresh opportunities. An encounter might turn out to be lucky for you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 There’s a shift in the air from today as the Sun glides into Cancer and lights up your social zone. Its presence here can inspire you to join a group and to cement ties with long-term friends. And if you’ve had a goal on the back burner then you might be ready to get moving on it soon. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 The energies that have contributed to recent confusion are slowly winding down. You’ll be ready to take on a challenge. However, you’ll likely need extra energy to focus on exciting goals and plans. Been a bit too hard on yourself lately? If so, plan for time out and get back into balance. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Ready for novel experiences? The desire to explore new options might be more keenly felt. You might be drawn to opportunities that take you into new territory and are a departure from your usual activities. The idea of travel can seem most appealing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You might feel you’ve had enough of an issue to last a while, particularly if an area of your life has been turned upside down in the process. You could begin to view recent events in a different way and to connect the dots. The insights you gain from this might spur you to action. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 The idea of compromise may have been something to avoid and you can still be wary. Yet unless you’re willing to meet another person halfway, things are never going to change. Over the coming weeks, the willingness to talk could be the key to things getting better. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Recent weeks might have brought interesting developments into your life but they’ll likely require a change to your daily schedule. Perhaps you’ll need to make room for new activities and let go of those that aren’t working out for you. And you could end up celebrating a positive gain. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Your creative and entrepreneurial side is very much to the fore. The coming days can bring a dose of good fortune, such as a chance to get involved in something of interest that expands your world. Involved in a romantic relationship? Spend more time together to ignite the passion. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for June 19 to 25 and the start of Cancer season MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you