Outrage has been sparked after footage emerged of Metropolitan Police officers allegedly throwing punches at a teenage boy during an arrest. An onlooker claimed the boy was being ‘bashed up’ during the incident in southeast London on Friday. It was named ‘outrageous’ by people on social media, who claimed the force that was used was unwarranted. The Met has said body-worn video footage will be assessed, adding that any use of force by officers must be deemed necessary and proportionate. The scenario emerged when a child was robbed and threatened with a bottle by a group of males, a spokesperson said. Following enquiries, officers went to a home in Abbey Wood and found the stolen property. A boy, 16, tried to flee the scene and was arrested, but another teenager the same age then allegedly assaulted officers – leaving two with minor injuries. Sharing the video on Twitter, Carina White, a media commentator, reportedly said: ‘Hey Met Police, just wondering if this is reasonable and appropriate use of force to detain a 16-year-old child? Kicking and punching???’ She went on to claim the teenager had ‘gone to see if his friend was OK as he saw police in his garden and this is what the end result was’, adding: ‘The police weren’t even there for him.’ Responding to her Tweet, one social media user said: ‘It’s the fact that he’s down and they’re still dropping blows, that gets me fuming. ‘Is he an “apprehended suspect” or is he an opp? Because based on this vid, it look like road beef, not an arrest.’ Another person wrote: ‘This is outrageous and must be investigated.’ A spokesperson for the Met told Metro.co.uk: ‘Police were called on Friday, 10 June, to a report of a child robbed by a group of males in the Abbey Wood area. It was reported that one of the males threatened the victim with a bottle. ‘Following police enquiries, officers attended an address in Abbey Wood to make arrest enquiries. ‘Property reported as stolen during the robbery was recovered from the address. We are not releasing the road name to protect the identity of the youth arrested. A 16-year-old male [A] sought to make off from the address but was ‘detained and arrested by officers on suspicion of robbery and possession of an offensive weapon. He has been bailed pending further enquiries. ‘Another male entered the premises and assaulted police officers. This 16-year-old [B] was arrested on suspicion of common assault of an emergency worker. He has been released under investigation. ‘Two police officers sustained minor injuries. They did not require hospital treatment. ‘We are aware of video footage published online, which shows part of the incident in which officers used force to detain the suspects. ‘This will be assessed, along with the officers’ body-worn video footage, by officers from the Directorate of Professional Standards. ‘All Met officers know that any use of force must be necessary and proportionate, and that they will be required to account for their actions.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.