Air fryers have been hot property for a while now, and it doesn’t look like the hype is going to die down any time soon. For those not in the know, air fryers are small, handy devices designed to make your food nice and crispy without the use of oil by circulating hot air at high speeds. By taking oil out of the equation, air-fried food is thought of as a healthier alternative to that which has been fried by conventional means. Have we piqued your interest? Here’s a list of first-rate air fryers to choose from – from high-end to cheap and cheerful. This cute little gadget is marked down from £79.99 to a very friendly £40. It’s got four functions –  frying, roasting, baking, and reheating – so even though it looks small, it’s still pretty mighty. Get it from Robert Dyas for £40 The Breville Halo Rotisserie Air Fryer comes in two sizes – 5.5 or 10-litre, and can air fry, bake, rotisserie and dehydrate. The 10-litre comes with air flow racks, a 3.2 litre mesh basket, a rotisserie spit and a rotisserie handling fork. Get it from Amazon for £135.96. If you’re a fan of retro styles, this popular Swan air fryer should work a treat in your kitchen. Able to hold up to six litres of food, it’s also got a removable bowl for easy cleaning. Get it from AO for £84. Looking for something on the larger side? This Philips fryer has a 1.4 kg capacity but needs less than a teaspoon of oil to get to work. Get it from Currys for £299. Another great budget buy, this comparatively compact Progress machine works a treat. It’s not got as many bells and whistles, but it goes up to 200 degrees, has a timer that goes up to 30 minutes and lets you cook with little or no oil – which is everything you need from an air fryer. Get it from Amazon for £49.99. This sizeable offering from Ninja can help you feed up to six people in one go. It’s got a whopping seven functions – it can grill, air fry, bake, roast, reheat, dehydrate, and it’s got a flat plate. Get it from Very for £249. The COSORI 9-in-1 Compact Air Fryer is the right size to help you cook for a party of four, with settings designed for specific foods like chicken, chips, steak and veg. The non-stick coated basket is also dishwasher safe – always a winner – and it locks in place for additional physical safety, too. Get it from Amazon for £99.99. Another popular offering with lots of positive reviews, this Salter air fryer promises to be easy to use and clean. It’s got a removable cooking basket, a timer that goes up to 30 minutes and a temperature dial that goes up to 200 degrees. It also happens to be marked down by £50. Get it from Robert Dyas for £49.99. This unassuming gadget is packed with functionalities, including dehydrating, roasting, broiling and baking. It can also serve as a pressure cooker, steamer, sauté pan, sous vide and a re-heater – so it’s perfect for the keener foodies out there. Get it from Amazon for £120. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : What are Aldi’s Specialbuys this week? Top picks from the middle aisle MORE : Kid-friendly recipes: Fro-yo blueberry sticks for summer days MORE : Beauty buys that give back to charities and social causes