We don’t want to get our hopes up here, but word on the street is that Christina Aguilera may be reuniting with her Lady Marmalade comrades. Pull out your corsets and feather boas, people! Christina and Mya are reportedly planning a mini Lady Marmalade reunion when the former headlines LA Pride on the weekend. The 41-year-old pop megastar is set to put on a spectacular performance for her LGBTQ+ fans on June 11 at State Historic Park, but not only that, she’s set to perform the iconic 2001 hit. The pair famously covered the disco classic – which was first made famous by the all-female singing group Labelle in 1974 – with Pink, Lil’ Kim and Missy Elliott for the soundtrack to the Baz Luhrmann Moulin Rouge! movie. The track was an absolute hit and spent five weeks at the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the US, and was also a number one here in the UK. And, according to Variety, Christina is set to perform the hit with Mya, with the singers joined by members of the touring stage musical of Moulin Rouge! just for an added high kick. This isn’t the first time a Lady Marmalade reunion has been dangled in front of our salivating mugs, with Mya, 42, previously saying she hoped there would be a reunion ahead of the song’s anniversary. Mya told Metro.co.uk in 2020: ‘Next year’s the 20th anniversary so I hope we have a reunion together. ‘I’m sure we’ll get together and do something and I’m hoping it’ll be on stage or television, that’d be amazing.’ However, she dashed hopes of herself and the gang re-releasing it with a modern twist because they would need a major budget. She explained: ‘I’m not sure how that would work to get four, well five because Missy Elliott was involved as well, that’s a lot of budget and we’re in different times and so are the labels.’ Watch this space, we suppose. Metro.co.uk contacted Christina’s reps for comment. MORE : Christina Aguilera says she has ‘respect and admiration’ for Britney Spears after being called out for reaction to conservatorship MORE : Chace Crawford slams Dan Humphrey’s Gossip Girl reveal 10 years after finale premiered: ‘Anything would have made more sense’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 