A drum teacher told yesterday how he got to play with American rockers The Killers on stage – after holding up a sign at a concert. Kyle Grieve, who works as a barman, has been a big fan of the band since 2004 when their first album was released. He was in the crowd at a gig on Monday night at the Falkirk Stadium in Stirlingshire, holding a sign which read ‘Can I play drums?’. And, the following night, he got to replace drummer Ronnie Vannucci Jr after getting the seal of approval from frontman Brandon Flowers. Diehard fan Kyle, from Leith, Edinburgh, attended both concerts and made another sign for Tuesday night’s gig. And his dreams came true when the 28-year-old joined the band on stage for the song For Reasons Unknown. Drum teacher Kyle, who also plays with local bands Posable Action Figures and Retro Video Club, said yesterday he now wants to perform to crowds of 25,000 with his own music. He added: ‘I knew that, on the song For Reasons Unknown, the band usually get someone up from the audience to play drums, so I made a sign that read, “Can I play drums?” and held it up. ‘Brandon saw the sign and told me, “If you want to get up here, you need to mean business.” ‘So I wrote a second sign for the next night that said, “Tonight, I mean business.” ‘When he walked out on stage, Brandon saw it right away and pointed at me and invited me up on stage. ‘I was shaking when he called me up, my stomach was in knots. ‘I was four rows from the front and one of the crew took me over the barrier – we had to run around to the back of the stage. ‘When I got there, the drummer, Ronnie Vannucci Jnr, was waiting for me and Brandon Flowers came over to say hello.’ He added: ‘I’ve been wanting to do that since 2004, when they put their first album out. ‘Brandon came up to me afterwards and said, ‘That was great’.’ And Kyle added: ‘In the middle of the song, Brandon asked me how much I charged per week. ‘I said I charged less than Ronnie.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.