A BMW driver has kicked off a debate online after he was seen ‘hogging’ the motorway middle lane. A picture, taken by Dave Harford, showed the car on the M5 with no other vehicles nearby. Dave, from Worcester, took to Twitter to express his frustration, raging that drivers should keep to the left. He explained the vehicle – doing around 50mph – had been in the middle lane for over a mile. Dave, 43, wrote: ‘Traffic was behind this vehicle and said traffic had to move to lane 3 to go past him – causing more risk. ‘Yes. The car was a BMW, but they’re aren’t the only ones who do it. ‘People need to take responsibility for their actions and stop blaming others and finding excuses. ‘It’s lane hogging. It’s illegal & causes congestion when lots of traffic is around.’ Dave said it was an example of similar cases he sees daily and called lane hogging ‘illegal’ as it forces cars to enter the outside lane to overtake. A social media user agreed with him, adding: ‘As someone who drives a vehicle that can’t go into lane three, I find middle lane hoggers really annoying. ‘Especially when they then sit at 55-60 and won’t pull over so you have to hang back since I can’t undertake or undertake since both are illegal.’ But there were some who defended the BMW driver, with one person posting: ‘This is not an example of hogging as there are no other vehicles wanting/needing to occupy that lane.’ The RAC says lane hogging counts as ‘careless driving’ which could see you fined up to £100. The website explains: ‘Yes, it is an offence, although it comes under “careless driving”, along with tailgating, accidentally running a red light and even being distracted by eating or drinking. ‘New laws introduced in 2013 give police officers the power to hand out on-the-spot fines of £100 and three penalty points, meaning failing to keep left on the motorway could hit you in the pocket. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.