David and Victoria Beckham proved there’s nothing wrong with a little healthy competition as they engaged in a reaction training game while planking. Not a bad date night idea! In a video shared on the football star’s Instagram, the happy couple were seen holding a plank position with four light-up buttons in front of them. The 47-year-old and the Posh Spice singer, 48 seemed to be neck and neck during the 30-second clip, as personal trainer Bobby Rich acted as referee. As the game reached the final 10 seconds, daughter Harper Seven took on the role of cheerleader and said: ‘Come on Daddy, Come on Mummy.’ Fans couldn’t get enough of the unique challenge, and rushed to comment. ‘Fun way to work out your core,’ one person wrote. While others were desperate to know who came out victorious. ‘But the question is…. who won?’ another asked. The celebrity couple – who have been together for 22 years – recently saw their eldest son, Brooklyn Beckham, get married to billionaire heiress Nicola Peltz, with the newlyweds settling in Palm Beach, Florida. And as delighted as David and Victoria were to welcome Nicola to the family, they’re clearly not in a rush to see the rest of their children grow up, and are holding tight on to second son, 19-year-old Romeo. Speaking at a Haig Club event in London’s Sushi Samba last month, David explained that the entire family usually spend their summers in Europe, but things are different this year. ‘Romeo’s living in Miami at the moment,’ David said of his son, who is a member of Inter Miami football club. ‘Usually we’d love to be in Europe for summer, but we’ll probably spend maybe a week or so in Europe and then we’ll go away to Miami. ‘[Romeo] is getting older now so at some point he’ll want to be with his girlfriend or his mates and not want to spend the summer with us.’ ‘But he has no choice because he’s working, so we’re going to join him in Miami,’ the former England icon joked. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : David Beckham and Geri Horner lead stars celebrating Queen as Platinum Jubilee weekend kicks off MORE : Spice Girls stars Victoria Beckham and Geri Horner lead sweet messages for ‘bestie’ Mel B on 47th birthday 