Star Wars fans have been sending Ewan McGregor ‘eye-opening’ homoerotic art showing him and Obi-Wan Kenobi co-star Hayden Christensen in some fairly wild positions. The Obi-wan actor, 51, revealed he’s been getting some startling art from fans since the highly-anticipated launch of the Disney Plus series saw his Jedi master return 17 years after he starred in the Star Wars prequels from 1999 to 2005. However, he explained how the fans have responded. ‘There’s a lot of homoerotic Obi-Wan/Hayden (Christensen) fan art that gets sent to me now and again … it’s always a bit of an eye-opener,’ he told GQ, appearing on the first of four covers dedicated to GQ Heroes. ‘You open the envelope, you think you’re going to have to sign something, and you’re like, ‘F**king hell!’ Obi-wan Kenobi’s return has been a huge hit with the fandom, with everyone loving the return of Strat Wars icons such as Darth Vader and a young Princess Leia. There are even theories floating around that Liam Neeson could return as Qui-on after some major hints in the first two episodes. Imagine! Speaking to Metro ahead of the Obi-wan Kenobi release, Ewan and Hayden told us how thrilled they were to be reunited. ‘We definitely have a special bond because of our time together during the prequels and I’ve got so much love and admiration for the man,’ said Hayden. Ewan agreed: ‘It was just great to see him again. I met up with Hayden in pre-production and we went for a walk in Santa Monica. ‘It was during the lockdown and I hadn’t seen him in years, and I only got to see his eyes because we were walking along with our masks on in a park and it was just great to catch up. We just caught up about our lives. So much has gone on since we’ve seen each other last. ‘It’s been really special to be on set with him and see how loved he is. The crew is really into Star Wars and when Hayden came on set it was crazy. The buzz!’ Obi-wan Kenobi episodes drop Wednesdays on Disney+. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 