Love Island stars have reportedly been left ‘shocked’ by the latest islander to leave in a brutal dumping. It’s reported that a ‘popular’ star has been dumped after the public vote and has left the villa. At the end of Wednesday night’s episode, viewers were asked to vote for the most compatible couple. In Thursday’s episode, the couples will be told who is at risk of being dumped – and now one islander has been booted. ‘The dumping came as a total shock to the islanders,’ a source said. ‘One of them has packed their things and left the villa already.’ They added to The Sun: ‘Love Island fans are going to have to wait to find out who it is as it’s likely the result won’t be revealed in tonight’s show.’ A few people could be in the firing line, after Wednesday night’s recoupling proved controversial. Ekin-Su Culculoglu decided to rekindle her romance with former flame Davide Sanclimenti, while Danica Taylor decided to recouple with Jay Younger. It came as a shock to islanders and viewers alike, after Jay all but rejected her earlier on in the episode, telling her he had more potential with Antigoni Buxton. That left Antigoni to couple up with Charlie Radnedge – which didn’t leave her too happy. In tonight’s episode, Ekin-Su tries to clear the air with Antigoni, after she and Davide were getting to know each other. Beginning the conversation, Ekin-Su says: ‘I like you, I have nothing against you, I don’t want to fall out with you – if you have anything you feel like you want to say to me go for it.’ Antigoni responds: ‘A lot of the girls were under the impression you were gonna pick Charlie yesterday, you gave that vibe.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for ITV for comment. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island spoilers: Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti dance on romantic date after she asks him for another chance MORE : Love Island’s Gemma Owen caught ‘flashing’ Luca Bish on terrace and fans are surprisingly here for it: ‘The most flirtatious she’s been’ 