Two days into my visit to Roskilde, on the Danish island of Zealand, and I can’t help but pity the cyclists who’ll speed past here at the start of the Tour de France’s second stage, streaking through a beautiful landscape they won’t have time to appreciate. Luckily, I cycle at a much more leisurely pace, one suited to the smooth, wide bike lanes that thread through the city. Roskilde itself is a compact huddle of red brick buildings surrounding a Unesco-listed 12th-century cathedral famous for its side chapels, including the one built in the 1400s by King Christian I, and filled with ornate frescoes depicting jesters, harp-playing angels and the Virgin Mary. On the northern side of the city centre, tree-lined streets lead to the water’s edge and the Viking Ship Museum (from £14.45), perched at one end of the Roskilde Fjord, a narrow inlet dotted with tiny islands. It’s a hive of activity, partly because it’s not simply a museum but a vast complex comprising the museum, a harbour and a sawdust-scented workshop. Within the workshop, replica ships are made for clients ranging from film studios to Viking-obsessed individuals wanting something a little different from bog-standard super yachts. I jump at the opportunity to perfect my rowing skills with a Viking sailing lesson, during which visitors get to row a replica boat before hoisting the sail (from £35pp). Sadly there’s no wind, so we spend a few moments bobbing in the harbour, soaking up the views of distant islets and learning about Viking-era treasures found there. Inside the museum are five salvaged Viking ships, including one made in Dublin around 1042. The bicycle I spot seems out of place alongside the ships’ skeletal remains but it’s part of a temporary exhibition exploring how the same aerodynamic principles that shaped the ships’ construction now shape the bikes used by Tour de France riders. At Herslev Bryghus, a brewery on the outskirts of Roskilde, the owners are ready for not only the Tour but the growing number of cyclists pedalling their way around this region of Denmark. Outside, an upcycled shelving unit doubles as a bicycle repair station and honesty stall for the brewery’s beer, including their latest bestseller, a bicycle-adorned pale ale created in honour of the race. The brewery, which has a taproom and café, is wedged between rolling wheat fields and clusters of apple and cherry trees, and produces around 40 organic beers. My favourites include a seasonal one made with asparagus and one flavoured with hay from nearby fields. Later, as I’m pedalling back to Roskilde, past villages filled with lemon-yellow thatched cottages and along wisteria-draped lanes, an eagle swoops down to study me before banking towards the coastline. I squeeze in a final detour at Skjoldungernes Land National Park, which nudges up against the edge of Roskilde Fjord, and where a tangle of hiking and cycling tracks twists through thick forest and past squat cottages straight out of Little Red Riding Hood. The thick swathes of beech trees muffle almost all noise and the only sounds I can hear are the taps of woodpeckers. Oh, and the clink of Herslev Bryghus’s beers in my backpack. Who knew beer, bikes and Vikings were such a good combo? Check out the websites of Tour de France and Visit Denmark. SAS flies from London to Copenhagen from £60 one way. Rooms at the Scandic Roskilde Park Hotel from £101pn. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the coolest travel destinations to get yourself to this summer MORE : How to start cycling and reap the benefits (for your body and your budget) MORE : These are the best viewpoints in the UK