The Foo Fighters have announced tribute concerts that they are going to perform in honour of their late drummer, Taylor Hawkins. In March this year, Hawkins died at the age of 50 during the band’s tour in Colombia. Foo Fighters cancelled their tour dates and appearance at the Grammys in the wake of his death, which the group described as a ‘tragic and untimely loss’ in a statement. In a new update, they’ve revealed they are going to be putting on two performances in his memory, called the Taylor Hawkins Tribute Concerts. Describing Hawkins as their ‘dear friend’ and ‘beloved brother’, the band revealed that two gigs will take place this year, presented by the Foo Fighters and the Hawkins family. ‘Dave Grohl, Nate Mendel, Chris Shiflett, Pat Smear and Rami Jaffee will come together with the Hawkins family to celebrate the life, music and love of their husband, father, brother and bandmate with The Taylor Hawkins Tribute Concerts,’ a statement on their website read. ‘As one of the most respected and beloved figures in modern music, Taylor’s monolithic talent and magnetic personality endeared him to millions of fans, peers, friends and fellow musical legends the world over. ‘Millions mourned his untimely passing on March 25, with passionate and sincere tributes coming from fans as well as musicians Taylor idolized.’ Foo Fighters explained that the tribute concerts will bring together several of the artists who Hawkins looked up to throughout his life, as well as the Hawkins family and the Foo Fighters ‘in celebration of Taylor’s memory and his legacy as a global rock icon’. It added that his bandmates and inspirations will play the songs ‘he fell in love with, and the ones he brought to life’. Hawkins first joined the Foo Fighters in 1997, recording nine studio albums with the band between 1999 and 2021. He was previously a drummer for singer Alanis Morissette, and formed his own project, Taylor Hawkins and the Coattail Riders, in 2004. In 2021, he and his Foo Fighters bandmates were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. In a statement released on behalf of the Hawkins family, the late musician’s wife, Alison Hawkins, expressed her ‘deepest thanks and admiration’ for the ‘global Foo Fighters community and Taylor’s fans far and wide for the outpouring of love each and every one of you have shown our beloved Taylor’. ‘Your kindness has been an invaluable comfort for my family and me during this time of unimaginable grief,’ she wrote. ‘As Taylor’s wife, and on behalf of our children, | want to share how much you meant to him and how dedicated he was to “knocking your socks off’ during every performance.’ Alison said that her husband – with whom she had three children – was ‘honored to be a part of the Foo Fighters and valued his dream role in the band every minute of his 25 years with them’. ‘We consider every band member and the extended Foo Fighters team our family,’ she said. She continued: ‘Taylor’s endearing spirit and deep love of music will live on forever through the collaborations he so enjoyed having with other musicians and the catalog of songs he contributed to and created. ‘In celebration of his life, it is now up to all of us who loved him most to honor Taylor’s legacy and the music he gave us. Thank you all again for your love and sympathy. Taylor loved all of you & we love you too.’ The two shows are set to take place at London’s Wembley Stadium on September 3 and at The Kia Forum in Los Angeles on September 27 this year. The full-lineups for the performances are yet to be announced, but will be shortly, the band said, with tickets set to go on sale from June 17. If fans wish to receive the latest information on how they can buy tickets, they can do so by signing up for the Foo Fighters subscription mailing list here. Once signed up, they’ll receive information on timings, ticketing links and on sale dates for the concerts. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Foo Fighters’ Taylor Hawkins will feature on Brian May’s new album:  ‘I had no idea he wouldn’t be here anymore’ MORE : Red Hot Chili Peppers pay tribute to ‘brother’ Taylor Hawkins after replacing Foo Fighters at festival: ‘This means a lot to us’ 