The Jubilee Bank Holiday weekend is coming to an end, as are the sales and offers to mark the occasion. That means today is your last chance to get your hands on Simba products at up to a 55% discount – and it’s an offer you won’t want to miss. Simba is known for its super-comfortable mattresses, which are the most five-star rated in the world. There are a few different models to choose from, each with 40% off the RRP, ranging from the Hybrid Essential Mattress to the Hybrid Luxe. The Essential is the most affordable of the range, reduced from £829 to £497.40 (for the double size), while the Luxe is down from £2,419 to £1,289.40;  a massive saving. When you purchase a mattress, you’ll also get 35% off bedding and accessories. That takes the total of a Hybrid double mattress, two pillows, and a duvet from £1,416 to just £870.45. The best discounts, however, are on bedframes, which have up to 55% off in the Jubilee sale. Simba’s frames offer responsive support to compliment your mattress, available in a range of styles and colours. Our favourite is the Pegasus, with its winged headboard and plush velvet fabric creating an elegant feel in any bedroom. Whichever you go for, though, Simba’s frames are all handmade in the UK from 100% recyclable materials, so even the most eco-conscious among us can sleep easy. The best part is, if you don’t like your mattress, you have 200 days to send it back to Simba for free. The offer only runs until 11.59pm tonight, so get your skates on if you want to take advantage. Shop the Simba sale now. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘So lightweight and powerful’: Cleanfluencers swear by this vacuum that’s less than half the price of a Dyson MORE : Check out these wild photos from village scarecrow competitions