One Love Island star has already left the villa in a brutal recoupling twist, it’s been reported. The exit will be shown on TV tomorrow night, according to The Sun. It’s not yet known who has left the villa, but they’ll be the first cast member of series eight to be officially dumped from the island. News of a recoupling will air during Monday’s instalment, with a spoiler revealing that islanders receive a text asking them to gather around the fire pit. The surprise exit comes after Liam Llewellyn decided to leave the villa last week after not feeling 100% himself’ on the show. He was coupled up with Gemma Owen before being left single when Davide Sanclimenti decided to couple up with Gemma. The islanders then faced a recoupling, in which Paige Thorne and Afia Tonkmor were left single. However, they were told that since Liam had already departed, no more islanders would have to leave that night. Liam has since spoken out on his exit, telling fans on Instagram: ‘I’m back. I am absolutely blown away by the love and support that has been shown to me whilst I was in the villa and since I’ve been out. ‘I appreciate you all like you wouldn’t believe #loveislandbaby.’ Shortly after Liam’s exit and the recoupling, a new bombshell entered the villa – Gemma’s ex-boyfriend, rugby player Jacques O’Neill. Safe to say he’s definitely shaken things up. As the girls gathered to discuss the sportsman’s presence, Gemma said: ‘I don’t know. It’s weird because I still look at him and I do fancy him like 100%. ‘I look at him and I think you are fit, no question, you are fit.’ However, she is currently coupled up with Luca Bish, who seemed rattled by Jacques’ arrival. Metro.co.uk has contacted ITV for comment. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : When was Mabel on Love Island, and what happened in the villa? MORE : Love Island fans do the maths and work out Gemma Owen’s age when she dated Jacques O’Neill – and they’re freaking out 