This week Mercury moves into its home sign of Gemini, which brings a superspeed and super-smartness to all of our communications and travels. Whatever you’re doing, or wherever you’re going, expect it to pan out faster and slicker than anticipated. So, this is a great time to pitch, apply, discuss, create, research, plan and move around. Ride the waves of this Mercury-fuelled energy and get where you’re going! Let the tarot guide you as to what project you should prioritise right now. Ahead, you’ll find a tarot horoscope for all the star signs. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: Three of Wands Meaning: You know what: you just want to fly by the seat of your pants, in true Aries style, and see what happens this week. The Three of Wands has you on alert, ready to receive, and in a spontaneous, lucky mood! Make the most of this energy because who knows what will happen. Life is an adventure this week and you can make anything happen. Be yourself, respond intuitively, follow your instincts, have a blast. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: Ten of Wands Meaning: Streamline operations. Cut back. Less is more. Instead of the five to 10 priorities you’re already juggling and struggling with, pare it back to two to four. The Ten of Wands reveals you’ll miss this Mercurial energy if you carry on as you are, because you’re doing too much and stretched too thinly. Focus and recalibrate on the really, really big rocks, and those alone. Focus everything you’ve got there, and things will happen. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: Six of Coins Meaning: You’re ready to invest some of your clever, promotional, and show biz energy into something altruistic, for a good cause or campaign. The Six of Coins sees you doing good and feeling good about it, whether that’s by raising money or awareness, lending a hand, or just organizing the resources for a community project. Things will go better than you think, so have high hopes. The higher you aim here, the better the outcome. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Death Meaning: You want to transform an area of your life touched by Mercury – so either your home, location, holiday plans, career, creative ouput, or role. You’re ready to, with the transformative Death card, clarify, communicate and express a new ambition, and start putting the wheels in motion to get it moving on. You can go further than you think is possible, trust me, and this whole process is going to change your life. It all starts here. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: Ace of Cups Meaning: The Ace of Cups means this is the week to make that proposal, ask them out, flirt, take things to the next level and generally communicate your heart’s desire to your object of affection. A new romance or a new depth of affection can be achieved this week if you open up and let your passions lead you. Be genuine, be clear, be confident. You’re kinda’ irresistible you know, all Leos are, so let your bright light shine and attract your ideal vision of love. Mercury in Gemini will help you find just the right words of persuasion. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: The Hanged Man Meaning: Bright ideas always flow when Mercury is in Gemini and The Hanged Man reveals you desperately need a new angle or perspective on a situation that has become stale and maybe even stuck. You’ve been banging your head on a brick wall. Step back and think again. Look at things differently, think out of the box. A new insight will unlock the way forwards and it all comes from your own imagination. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: Three of Coins Meaning: You are ready to be promoted, step up, take on more, expand your horizons or territory and reap the rewards for doing so. This is a great week to apply for something or pitch a new idea. People have noticed you and appreciate your talents and skills. There are opportunities to be had right now, and the Three of Coins just asks you to move into the right place at the right time and be visible. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: Eight of Swords Meaning: The way you talk to yourself is under the microscope this week, Scorpio, as Mercury (and Gemini) rules communication and the Eight of Swords represents the ‘mental prisons’ regarding how we trap ourselves in a corner. We all project. We all lie to ourselves. We all put ourselves down with negativity and criticism. So, change the record. Notice the triggers of the Debbie Downer self talk, and change the routines that lead to it. Distract yourself with music or meditation or reading when the voice begins. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: Two of Swords Meaning: While there’s this swift-moving and super-smart energy around you, make some overdue decisions that have previously foxed you. The Two of Swords shows that there’s at least one awaiting your attention and now is the time to marshall the facts in such a way that make it clear and obvious what you ought to do. And then just get on and do it. Mercury will help bring the right insights to the fore. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: The Devil Meaning: The Devil is represented by Saturn, which is your ruling planet so it feels like something long-standing, deep-rooted and highly personal to you will flare up this week. It’s probably a bad habit or self-limiting belief or behaviour, but the good news is that you’re going to find the insights and ideas to tackle and address it for good this time. Don’t follow any paths of least resistance. Fight against them and create a new pathway, leading someplace better. You are ready to do this now. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: Two of Coins Meaning: Mercury and Gemini are both extremely lively and energetic cosmic presences and, seeing as you’re an Air sign, you align with them well. Expect to feel full of beans in the week ahead and ready to expand your horizons and broaden your scope. Abundance is the key theme. Take on new activity, people, roles, priorities, options and invitations. Say ‘yes’ to all that comes your way, and live a full life. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: Six of Wands Meaning: The Six of Wands brings you great success this week, added to the positive vibes of Mercury being in Gemini. So it’s a great time to plan a home move, change location, apply for something, pitch an idea, book a stunning trip, or communicate your heart’s desire to someone who can help you to manifest it. Express yourself and chase a dream. Be lucky. Follow your instincts. Be positive. Ask for what you want. You are full of good fortune this week. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Gemini MORE : What type of traveller you are, based on your star sign – and your ideal holiday