Whether you’re having a family staycation or taking your brood further afield, you’ll need a reliable way to get young children from A to B. Many people go for a buggy or stroller, but these can take up space and be a faff to dismantle and put up. They’re also not suitable for more challenging terrain – even cobbled streets can be a mission. Another alternative is a sling or carrier, although as your child grows they can play havoc on your back. Enter the MiniMeis, which was designed seven years ago by Norwegian dads Tarjei and Julius. The adventurous parents would put their kids on their shoulders, but this soon got uncomfortable and wasn’t exactly safe. After spending five years on development, they came up with the world’s first shoulder carrier. Their G4 Shoulder Carrier has gone on to win Time Magazine’s Invention of the Year, selling over 200,000 carriers to families in more than 150 countries. It’s suitable for children aged six months to four years, and can be popped onto your shoulders to carry them without fuss. A weight distribution system takes the pressure off your back, neck, and shoulders, as well as giving your child an elevated view from their specially-designed seat. Unlike a pushchair, it doesn’t take up loads of space, folding up like a laptop into  a compact 30x30cm size. The MiniMeis G4 – priced at £179.99 – also weighs just 1.5kg, making it the lightest framed child carrier on the market. As well as being lightweight and portable, it’s been safety tested and approved according to US and EU standards. With a waist belt, shoulder straps and leg straps, babies have extra upper body support, while an extendable padded seat provides maximum comfort. Hilary Duff is a fan of the MiniMeis, and hundreds of parents across have given it an average rating of 4.6 stars online. ‘This has been amazing,’ said one reviewer. ‘People love seeing my child in this. I always get positive comments. It’s lightweight and easy to use.’ Another said: ‘We’ve brought it hiking, to the beach, to the zoo, and just around and about for walks and wanderings. The kids love being up high and we love them being secure and safe (as well as not throwing out our backs!)’ Ready to give it a go? View the MiniMeis G4 child carrier here. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The cutest summer-inspired baby names – from Skye to Sonny MORE : Cleaning guru shares top tip for getting foundation marks out of T-shirt collars