It’s the start of the weekend, and with it new and old relationships to enjoy. But tensions could run high, so now could be the time to make a decision on that new person in your life. Something is holding you back from love, Cancer. Capricorn, are you being too hard on yourself? Be on your guard for people who don’t want the best for you, Leo. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for June 18, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 Much as you might prefer a relaxing weekend, you can find yourself in a situation in which a friend needs help. Are you up for this? You may feel guilty if you don’t. If this is the case, it could be that you are being made to feel this way. If this person has a habit of doing this, you might need to set a few boundaries in this relationship. Don’t feel bad, as it can be long overdue, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Are you being given the cold shoulder? It may be by someone you look up to, and whose opinion you respect. The coming days could find you wondering what you might have done wrong. Perhaps it’s nothing at all, Taurus. This can be a call not to let their moods or issues dictate how you feel. You have a lot going for you, so move ahead with confidence and plenty of self-belief. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Your feeling can be to steer clear of an opportunity without knowing why this is. There’s no need to question this, as it might be better to trust your instincts. With Venus forging an awkward angle to demanding Saturn, this may not be the best time to move forward anyway. While this option could have a lot going for it, there might be a reason to keep it on the back burner for now. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Is an emotional block preventing you from taking a relationship further? With planets in conflict, and with prudent Saturn in an intense zone, something could be holding you back. Perhaps this person reminds you of someone from the past, and it’s hard to shake off this impression. Have a think about this, Cancer. If you understand the root cause, things can progress from there. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Ready to push ahead, and take your life in a new direction? You could be held back by someone who prefers that things stay as they are. With both Venus and the Sun angling towards karmic Saturn, it’s time to consider if you owe this person anything at all. Might it be a misplaced sense of loyalty that keeps you hanging in there? Their lack of support should tell you something, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 No need to put too much pressure on yourself Virgo, no matter how much you want to expand and explore new options. There is only so much you can achieve in a day or week, and piling even more on your plate could leave you overwhelmed. Some sparkling options are showing up for you right now, but easy does it! If you tip the work/life balance too far, you might regret it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 As Venus angles towards Saturn, you could feel a frosty chill from someone you thought was a friend, or who seemed to have romantic potential. And naturally, you might find this disconcerting. It’s possible that this person has something on their mind that is causing them to seem so dismissive. Even so, this is a temporary aspect Libra, so it will likely dissipate soon. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 There could be a conflict of affections between a partner and family, especially if the ideas or views they hold clash with those of close ones. This may make matters uncomfortable, unless you find a way to resolve it. Whatever plans you have, key influences suggest putting them on hold for a day or so. Time can be a healer, and with understanding things will likely improve. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Finding it difficult to get along with someone at work? If you usually have no problem, it may be that an awkward Saturn influence is making it hard to agree on anything. With an edgy aspect continuing for a few days more, be patient, Archer. It might be that you’re both as stubborn as each other when it comes to a certain matter. Would it be worth giving way to end this impasse? Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Are you being too hard on yourself? The current setup suggests that much as you might want to kick back and relax, you may not feel you deserve it. Make time if necessary, as you need this opportunity to switch off and recharge. You’ll come back to your projects and tasks much refreshed, and find that they get done faster and with more creativity and flare, Capricorn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Sometimes it helps to be flexible, rather than hold firm. With an edgy line-up on the go, you could struggle with a decision that may be in your best interests. In the end, doing nothing might be more stressful than accepting it and moving on. Life can be pushing you in a new direction, and letting go of control could allow for progress. Something much better might be on its way to you. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Need to make peace with someone, Pisces? If so, you may become aware of just how important this is, and how your plans might be put on hold if you don’t. Whatever the nature of the issue between you, taking the initiative and being the one to make amends, will pave the way for a better relationship. It could take a while for things to get back to normal, but it’s a start. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for June 12 to 18 and Mercury’s move into Gemini MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you