Kim Kardashian bizarrely admitted she would consume faeces ‘every single day’ if it meant she could keep her youthful appearance. Think she might be taking the saying ‘one must suffer to be beautiful’ to extremes, but you do you Kimberly. The 41-year-old reality star – who is known for her impeccable features – has dabbled in a number of unique regimes over the years and is currently promoting her latest skincare line SKKN. However, the aspiring lawyer revealed how far she was willing to go in the name of beauty. ‘I’ll try anything,’ she said. ‘If you told me that I literally had to eat poop every single day and I would look younger, I might. I just might,’ she added to the New York Times. As expected, Kim’s nauseating claim sparked a reaction on social media, with one person writing: ‘It’s crazy that no one forced her to say that, she herself chose to declare this to the world.’ ‘Everything I have learned about this woman’s aesthetics has been against my will,’ another added. ‘What happened to diaries? Normalize not sharing everything,’ a third person tweeted. This wouldn’t be the first time Kim has said or done anything daring to achieve a certain look. At the 2022 Met Gala, the TV personality donned the exact gown the late Marilyn Monroe wore to famously serenade President John F Kennedy on his birthday in 1962. However, discussing the look, she explained that the outfit- which has been kept under lock and key at Ripley’s Believe It Or Not museum – could not be altered at all, meaning that she had to complete a huge transformation to be able to wear it. Addressing how she lost 16lbs to fit into the dress, Kim said: ‘I would wear a sauna suit twice a day, run on the treadmill, completely cut out all sugar and all carbs, and just eat the cleanest veggies and protein. ‘I didn’t starve myself, but I was so strict.’ The dress also came with guards and Kim had to wear gloves to try it on, and had to change into a replica after doing the red carpet so the real dress wouldn’t go through any undue wear and tear on the night. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian reveals risque reason she ‘made first move’ on boyfriend Pete Davidson MORE : Kim Kardashian fans freak out over cryptic Instagram caption as she posts ‘nothing lasts forever’ 