Drivers fed up with how expensive it is to fill their cars took part in a ‘go slow protest’ to make the Government ‘sit up and take notice’. For the first time ever, it costs more than £100 to fill up an average family car with petrol or diesel. This, along with the current cost of living crisis, has caused a lot of panic for Brits trying to get back to normal life after the pandemic. So car enthusiast Jay Garside, 45, from Newcastle, helped organise a demonstration against rising fuel prices during Friday rush hour. More than 1,000 people took part by driving at 30mph – where the speed limit is usually 70mph. The convoy started off from the village of Stannington, in Northumberland, and then headed towards Wetherby where they met another group and turned back. Jay said: ‘Everyone has come together to stand up and do something about fuel prices. ‘I have spoken to a lot of people who all feel the same and want to do something about it. There was even a wagon that had a sign that said: “Honk for lower fuel prices”. ‘The support from people has been brilliant. The car enthusiast side of this, that was just us, but when it’s a subject like rising fuel prices it affects so many people and people are standing together. ‘I have spoken to a lot of people who have told me they can’t afford to fill up their car to get into work. ‘So people are working from home or calling in sick because they can’t afford to get to work during that last week. The Government is going to have to sit up and take notice.’ Jay believes the majority of people support his efforts while a smaller percentage ‘can’t see the point’. Chancellor Rishi Sunak in March announced a 5p fuel duty cut, as part of the Government’s help for the cost of living crisis. But the rise in the average price for petrol and diesel has essentially cancelled this gesture out. Money saving experts working for Martin Lewis recently revealed some tips on how to save money on fuel. They said one of the easiest ways to pay a little less for filling up is to take the time to see which petrol stations are offering the best prices. You can use petrolprices.com to determine which nearby petrol stations are charging the least for fuel per litre. Doing so could reportedly end up saving you between £8 and £10 per tank. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.