It’s officially bare leg weather, which means many of us will be prepping the bits we’ve kept hidden all winter for dresses and shorts. If you normally shave, you’ll know all about the skin irritation razors can cause. From razor burn to ingrown hairs, sometimes it barely feels worth the effort – especially in intimate areas. Finding an alternative can be just as difficult. Waxing is time consuming and painful, while electrolysis and laser hair removal offer long-lasting results but come with a hefty price tag to match. That’s why WooWoo is challenging the country’s beauty fans to ditch the razor for summer, switching to their Tame It! Hair Removal Cream for smooth skin and none of the faff of shaving. WooWoo’s Hair Removal Cream is made with soothing aloe vera and softening jojoba oil to limit skin irritation. It removes hairs in just 3-6 minutes, and you can apply it in-shower to make it even easier. This award winning all-natural, vegan product is specifically designed for intimate use, making it the best thing on the market to bid goodbye to sore stubbly bikini lines this summer. Plus, at just £10.95 for a jumbo 100ml tube (including spatula) you’ll save cash, save packaging, and save yourself that devastating moment when you run out mid-tame. According to hair removal expert Jess Taylor, there are a number of reasons to switch to this method. She says: ‘Though waxing has long been a preferred alternative solution to shaving, there are some down sides. ‘Not only can it be a painful experience for many, you’re more likely to get ingrown hairs and you also have to wait for regrowth of at least 6mm or a quarter of an inch before a revisit. ‘Hair removal using a depilatory cream lasts longer than shaving – anything up to a week of smoothness before the hair regrows softer and finer. ‘It’s also a lot less less abrasive than shaving so ideal for hair removal on sensitive and delicate intimate skin.’ As well as this, you can get into any nooks and crannies razors can’t always reach, so no worrying about missed bits during bikini season. Jess’s key piece of advice when removing hair from the pubic area is to always check if the product is safe for intimate use. She adds that you should only leave the product on for the maximum required time, ‘and always, always patch test 24 hours before use.’ Buy Tame It! Hair Removal Cream from £6.99 at WooWoo. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m a model – it’s not glam and I don’t get free clothes’ MORE : I gave up my phone for 30 days to tackle my screen addiction – and it changed my life