A man who has won £1 million on the National Lottery said he feels like his parents are watching over him after being orphaned as a child. Calum Forington, 37, and his wife Kayleigh were delighted when they found out they had won the prize last Friday, and plan to spend part of it on a surprise trip to Disneyland for their three children. Kayleigh also plans to buy a new car and Calum hopes to use some of the money for driving lessons. The family from Grimsby are also planning another trip abroad to Rome, Italy, to celebrate their wedding anniversary and plan on getting onto the property ladder. Calum didn’t have the easiest start to life after tragically losing both of his parents 18 years ago aged just 21, and has only recently managed to start visiting his parents’ grave. He said since the family tidied up his parents grave, the family have had a change of luck for the better. Calum said: ‘Losing my parents was obviously devastating for me and I could never face going to visit their grave until more recently, just before I married Kayleigh. ‘We cleaned it all up and got it looking much better for them – since then, everything just seems to have fallen into place. ‘I started a new job that I love, we’ve had an amazing first year of marriage and, of course, we’ve won £1 million. It feels like my parents are watching over me. ‘I’m a firm believer that everything happens for a reason and I’m looking forward to using our win to help build an amazing future for our children.’ Calum added he has always played the National Lottery but this was the first time he had actually won anything. ‘I’d played the EuroMillions on the Friday in work, choosing to play as a one-off with my own ticket,’ he said. ‘It wasn’t until the following morning when I was eating my cereal before work that I remembered to check my online account. ‘I was in complete shock when I scrolled down and saw my EuroMillions ticket was a winner – we both completely freaked out and I had to go outside to get some air. ‘Still in complete shock, I went into work and told my boss what had happened – he must’ve realised I was unlikely to get any work done that day so sent me home to sort everything out and try to get my head around it all. ‘We spent the weekend in a bit of a daze and started planning how we would spend the money. ‘We’ve never been able to afford to buy our own home so our win will certainly help with that, plus I’m looking forward to learning how to drive and buying us both new cars. ‘I’d also been saving for a special holiday for the family, with the hope of perhaps going next year – but now we can bring this forward to this summer, so we can’t wait to tell the kids what we have planned.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.