Metro’s silent auction is raising money for Kyiv Pride and AKT, with some truly wild prizes up for grabs. Did someone say a party with DJ Fat Tony? We did. That’s right, four of his iconic brunch tickets are on sale to the highest bidder. Or if you’re feeling extra, why not put your hand in the air for The Box in Soho, where you and nine others have a table waiting with your name on it. Oh and you could chill with Cheryl Hole backstage at The Dancing Divas, if you felt so inclined. Our silent auction could even take you all the way to Croatia on a sailing odyssey, and to the Caribbean on a luxury cruise. And the best part is that proceeds go towards two incredible causes all in the name of Pride. Now that’s something to get excited for. Take a look at what you could win below and happy bidding! Virgin Voyages Cruise are offering a balcony cabin for two aboard either The Valiant in the Mediterranean or Scarlet in the Caribbean. Now this is iconic. You have to travel in 2022, so if you’re after last minute opulence then this should be your prize (some block out dates apply). Check it out here. Don’t leave being let into The Box Soho to chance. If you do, you might never make it. But bid yourself happy and bag this table for ten, and you’re laughing. The pinnacle of London’s club scene, this will be an experience to remember forever. Get inside and see what all the fuss is about. Check it out here. Call yourself a Londonder? Well you really will be after attending DJ Fat Tony’s ‘Full Fat Brunch’. It is all sold out, so this really is a hot ticket. Bob your head to some Fat Tony bangers while munching on a delicious two course brunch at The Anthologist in Bank. And it’s not just Fat Tony you’ll be seeing, but he will also be accompanied by an entourage of dancers and other national and international artists to help get the party started. Visit the Metro Pride auction here Oh, and you will get a meet and greet as well as signed copies of his book ‘I don’t take requests’ which Fat Tony’s best mate Kate Moss described as ‘a story that should never have been told’. Yikes. Check it out on Instagram @fullfatbrunch. If you’re a fan of RuPaul’s Drag Race VS The World and our favourite dancing divas then this is the opportunity of a lifetime. Arrive to a meet and greet from the team, before settling into the most fabulous show out there. There’s only so many evenings in this life we will always remember, and this would definitely be one of them. Check it out here. If you’ve got Croatia on your bucket list but haven’t managed to get yourself there yet, then here is your chance. On this trip you don’t just go to Croatia: you travel the length of it on a sailing odyssey straddling the Dalmation Coast from Dubrovnik to Split. Saunter around cobbled medieval towns, feast on fresh seafood and relax on sparkling beaches on this eight day sailing adventure. You can travel any time from now until 31 July 2023, excluding 15 December 2022 to 15 January 2023, subject to tour availability. Check it out on Intrepid Travel. The auction will run for a week, from Thursday 30th June 2022 until midnight on Thursday 7th July 2022. Click here to get involved. MORE : Pride in London map reveals where the march will take place this weekend MORE : London Pride events and parties to attend this weekend 