After two years of being locked away in our flats and houses, it’s about time we got out and explored the world. Whether you’re looking to jet set over to the USA, drive down to France, or explore the Alps in the summertime, we know the best pitstops that can offer you maximum entertainment. So from robot restaurants to virtual reality, here are the coolest tech experiences in the world in 2022. Fancy a stroll on the world’s longest treetop walkway 28 metres above the ground, with a side serving of augmented reality? Fly to Zurich and get the shuttle to the Swiss skiing resort of Flims Laax. Combining nature with state-of-the-art technology, this unique experience along the Senda dil Dragun, or path of the dragon, enables guests armed with a rented tablet or cardboard headset to enhance their experience along the trail. This is done through stories of the formation of the Ruinaulta by the Flims landslide, insights into local plants and wildlife, and the history of the people in the region. If the thrill of walking through the forest canopy isn’t enough, a 73m-long spiral slide ought to sate your inner adrenaline junkie. Buy adult tickets for £13 from Flims Laax. It’s time to dust off those cosplay costumes. As tickets for the mother of all comic book conventions in San Diego are completely sold out, you could head to the Comic Con Experience in Brazil, which is the southern hemisphere’s answer to the big event in California. With the four-day event in December previously home to exclusives such as the debut of the first Spider-Man: Far From Home trailer and Wonder Woman 1984, as well as guest appearances from the likes of Ryan Reynolds and Jason Momoa, pop culture and science fiction enthusiasts are guaranteed the chance to salivate over all things movies, television, video games and, of course, comic books. On from December 1-4. Buy tickets from £43 at Comic Con Experience. Fancy being welcomed by a 5ft-tall animatronic T-Rex when arriving at your hotel? Venturing out of Japan for the first time, Henn na, meaning ‘weird’ in Japanese, is a fitting moniker for this quirky hotel. While these geeky gaffs are famous for pioneering the robot hotel trend – with eerily lifelike animatronic receptionists undertaking basic functions such as checking-in and luggage storage – in NYC, real humans take care of the front desk and other guest services. In-room amenities include Toto’s techie toilets and LG’s revolutionary Styler Closets for steaming clothes. Stay from £135pn at Hennna Hotel New York. Ninety years ago, colourful interlocking bricks made their way into the hearts of kids and adults worldwide. Decades later, those bricks are still among the most popular pastimes on the planet. That explains why exhibitions all over the world are dedicated to showing off spectacular creations from talented builders. Spain’s Lego Expo and mobile event happens to be the largest exhibition of models built using Lego in Europe, and will show off jaw-dropping models, including a 1:25 scale replica of the Titanic built with half a million pieces, as well as superhero- and Star Wars-inspired figures. Starts November 3. Buy tickets from £9.30 at ES Madrid. If you like the sound of spending the day fully immersed in interactive virtual worlds roaming the Star Trek universe, duelling opponents in futuristic arenas or trying to keep your cool during a zombie apocalypse, Sandbox VR’s first UK venue (at The Post Building, Museum Street, WC1) will be well worth a visit. Powered by motion-capture cameras, 3D-precision full-body trackers, custom hardware and haptic feedback suits, up to six players won’t just see the action but will get to touch and feel it too, as if they are ‘living inside a game or movie’. The cherry atop this interactive cake is the IG-1 robotic resident bartender, which can impressively serve up to 80 drinks per hour. Launches end of July. Buy tickets from £27.50 at Sandbox VR. Disneyland Paris has undergone a huge and highly anticipated Marvel-themed makeover that will allow guests of all ages to rub shoulders with their favourite superheroes and jump head first into the world of Marvel like never before. Announced by Iron Man himself, in audio-animatronic form, this Marvel-themed universe – or Avengers Campus, to give it its official name – will feature live-action stunts, two hi-tech and action-heavy attractions, themed restaurants and interactive encounters with Earth’s Mightiest Heroes, including Spider-Man, Captain Marvel and Black Panther. Opens July 20. Buy a ticket from £60 at Disneyland Paris. Unlike Shinjuku’s brilliant Robot Restaurant, which sees humans dressed as robots put on a show, Dawn Avatar Robot Café features actual humanoid robots waiters. But these OriHime-D bots do more than just serve food and drink. They’re operated remotely by people who can’t leave the house due to disabilities, childcare or for other physical constraints, paving the way for a more inclusive future. If the thought of a café run by robots doesn’t conjure up nervous thoughts of a dystopian android uprising, it’s worth a visit. Book at Dawn Avatar Robot Cafe. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best Father’s Day tech and gadget gifts your dad will actually want MORE : From smart padlocks to after party speakers, this is the best festival tech to buy now MORE : The coolest travel launches – including a dino-themed rollercoaster and a Father’s Day spa treat