Two extremely rare casks of whisky are being tipped to sell for as much as £1.2 million each at auction. Sotheby’s is to offer the casks from the Brora distillery in Sutherland and Port Ellen on Islay. Estimated at £700,000 to £1.2 million each, both casks will be presented alongside artist collaborations when they go under the hammer in London on June 14. Sotheby’s claims they are among the rarest and most valuable in existence from Brora and Port Ellen’s dwindling stocks of ghost casks, containing the liquid left behind when the distilleries fell silent in the 1980s. Diageo will donate 5% of the final hammer price from both casks to Care International to support the ongoing crisis in Ukraine. Jonny Fowle, Sotheby’s head of whisky, North America and EMEA, said: ‘This partnership between Sotheby’s and Diageo showcases an unrivalled offering of rare whisky casks at auction. ‘On trying the 1982 Brora, I was astounded by its quality – the rich cooked fruit flavours elevating its signature lightly peated character. ‘The Port Ellen is a masterclass in 1970s Islay smoke with significant cask influence, which, especially when from a closed distillery, is precisely the style the world’s top whisky collectors seek out.’ The sale of the casks is part of Sotheby’s month-long programme of exhibitions and events in its New Bond Street premises in London, marking the Queen’s platinum jubilee. Both distilleries closed in 1983, before it was announced in 2017 that there would be multi-million pound investments into their reopening. The Highland distillery of Brora, located at the north-eastern edge of Scotland, was reawakened in May last year following a three-year restoration process. Renowned photographer Trey Ratcliff will travel to Scotland for the first time, accompanied by the new cask owner, to capture a portfolio of images that bring to life the landscape that helped shape the whisky. He said: ‘I have been longing to travel to Scotland and take in its beautiful landscapes and, to do this for the first time, accompanied by someone who appreciates an exceptional whisky like this, will be an epic adventure.’ Designer and artist Ini Archibong will also create a unique piece of art capturing the light of Port Ellen. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.