Adam Sandler is sporting quite the shiner on his eye after he fell victim to what can only be described as a similar accident we come perilously close to many a night. That is, the feared phone to the face. While we may test fate by scrolling on our devices, held precariously aloft above our noggins, tempting fate to loosen our clutches just enough to have a deceptively heavy phone come crashing onto the bridge of our nose before we switch off to go to sleep, Adam’s ‘bed accident’ was a little more technical. The Uncuh Jahms actor appeared on TV in the US overnight with quite the black eye, complete with a painful-looking wound, admitting there was no way he could dodge explaining the injury. Promoting his new Netflix film Hustle, the 55-year-old actor said, pointing to the mark: ‘This is something I have to discuss, right?’ While on Good Morning America, he went on: ‘I was in bed, in the middle of the night and, you know how they tuck in your sheets at the bottom, some people? Somebody tucked in the sheets too much and I had my phone in the middle of the bed. I kicked my feet up to untuck it, the phone went flying, hit me in the head.’ You see, this is just an advert for not making your bed. But we digress… ‘I refused to acknowledge it,’ he continued. ‘I felt blood. I said, “There’s something going on but I gotta sleep.” Kept sleeping and woke up and then….’ After host George Stephanopoulos joked: ‘That is the most elaborate black-eye story I’ve ever heard,’ the actor replied: ‘There is nothing cool about this thing.’ He went on: ‘It looks so cool. And I’m on the streets of New York, I see people going, “Oh, okay. He likes to fight, that guy.” I’m like, “It was a bed accident”.’ Doing the media rounds, he also appeared on The Tonight Show and explained the situation – which went down at four in the morning – to Jimmy Fallon. Really making a case to not take your phone into bed with you, he said: ‘I’m feeling squished and I have my phone next to me, I always, before I go to sleep, check out my net worth on the phone, you gotta know how life is and all that…so, anyways, I, for real, start to get panicky, I kick my legs, goddamn bed, and the phone flies in the air and hits me in the face. ‘I was bleeding, terribly, it was pitch black and I feel wetness and I go, yes, I trick myself, those are probably just thick tears. I was so tired…I didn’t want to get up because I was tired, I was like, “ah we’ll fix that later”.’ Adam said that when he woke up, he was still bleeding (‘gushing’ was the term he used), before joking: ‘I said I gotta get this fixed, so I went to the Apple store…’ MORE : Ted Lasso definitely ending after season 3 and fans are crushed: ‘I’m sick to my stomach’ MORE : Brad Pitt claims ex-wife Angelina Jolie ‘sought to inflict harm’ by selling vineyard stake to Russian oligarch Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.