Viewers of Dame Deborah James: The Last Dance were left in floods of tears at the beautiful tribute to her life and legacy. The programme, which aired on BBC One on Thursday, two days after Dame Deborah died from bowel cancer at the age of 40, charted her bravery during her five-year battle with the terminal disease. Friends of the podcast host, including Lorraine Kelly and Gaby Roslin, paid tribute to Dame Deborah’s incredible energy and positivity even when she knew her life was coming to an end after being moved to hospice care at home. Viewers were moved by the scenes of Dame Deborah dancing and enjoying every moment of her life, tweeting: ‘‘what a inspirational and awesome lady. Deborah James such a unbelievable lady wow’. Others added: ‘Dame Deborah James what a truly wonderful lady I’m in tears watching her’ and ‘Breaking my heart watching Dame Deborah James on bbc1. No one deserves to go through that, cancer sucks!!! @bowelbabe RIP beautiful lady’. Some were left in tears, admitting: ‘This Deborah James documentary is honestly heartbreaking, may god rest her soul’ and ‘Watching the tribute to Dame Deborah James @bowelbabe on BBC1 in floods of tears, and then laughing the next. Inspiring.’ Dame Deborah’s parents called for viewers to raise a glass in her memory while watching the show, sharing a photo of them clinking glasses of red wine. They had shared the news of her death on her Instagram account on Tuesday, writing: ‘We are deeply saddened to announce the death of Dame Deborah James; the most amazing wife, daughter, sister, mummy.’ The statement revealed that she had ‘passed away peacefully, surrounded by her family’, adding: ‘And a few final things from Deborah… ‘“Find a life worth enjoying; take risks; love deeply; have no regrets; and always, always have rebellious hope. And finally, check your poo – it could just save your life.” x’ Dame Deborah James: The Last Dance is available on BBC iPlayer now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lorraine Kelly leads tributes to Dame Deborah James in ‘utterly heartbreaking’ BBC documentary The Last Dance MORE : Tom Parker’s widow says The Wanted star was ‘waiting for Dame Deborah James with a glass of something special’ in heartbreaking tribute 