The RAF snubbed a headteacher’s plea to stop pilots swooping above a high school during tests. Headteacher Dylan Minnice asked for fighter planes to stop their low-flying training exercises at exam times. The planes have been heard booming over Botwnnog School in Pwllheli, North Wales. Mr Minnice said it was not ‘unreasonable’ to ask for training plans to stop for four hours a day above the location. He said: ‘We understand the importance of RAF exercises, especially with the current situation in Europe. ‘Nevertheless, we do not believe that we are being unreasonable in asking them to avoid exercises around the school for a period of about four hours a day for four weeks while Year 10 and 11 pupils sit their final GCSE exams which will have an impact on their futures.’ It comes after a string of complaints have been made about the Texan T1 training aircraft flying over North Wales. Liz Saville Roberts MP, who represents Dwyfor Meirionnydd, called on the MOD to reduce the number of low-flying planes near the school. She added: ‘Local students have already experienced several years of disruption to their studies from the Covid pandemic and are now faced with further disruption to crucial examinations due to ongoing military aircraft activity. ‘Teachers and students from Ysgol Botwnnog have voiced their concerns over the ongoing disruption, and it is disappointing that the Ministry of Defence has not been more receptive to their concerns.’ The MOD said the ‘essential skills’ currently being used each day protecting Nato airspace in the Ukraine crisis could only be maintained through training and practice in a ‘realistic environment’. A spokesperson said: ‘We are keenly aware of the importance of examinations for students across the country. ‘Unfortunately, restricting military aircraft activity for two months near schools across the whole of the UK would have a significant impact on defence’s ability to train those upon whom we rely for our national security. ‘Training is strictly limited to what is absolutely essential for aircrew to achieve and maintain operational effectiveness.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.