An asylum seeker held in a detention centre has said he is ‘shocked’ after receiving a letter from the Home Office notifying him that he is being targeted for a one-way flight to Rwanda. Khaled, 20, made his way to the UK from Syria, where he and his two older brothers grew up with warplanes flying overhead and constant bombing. He made his way across Europe in a journey that included cramming into a boat nine metres long with 83 other people in order to cross to Italy. Hoping to join his brothers near London, he was imprisoned and beaten in Libya before making his way to Calais and travelling across the English Channel in a small boat. Khaled now finds himself among those who have received letters from the Home Office under its controversial plan to remove people arriving in the UK via certain routes to the east African country. He said: ‘I was really shocked, it was a really bad moment. ‘All I know about Rwanda is that it is in Africa like Libya, and I never want to go there again. ‘I did think the UK was one of the safest countries in the world but now I have changed my mind. ‘My plan was to be in a safe country with my brothers, near London. ‘Then I could start my life there, I do not want to go to Africa. It is a big problem for me, I don’t know anyone in Rwanda. If they send me there I will not stay – I will leave.’ The migrant is being supported by Care4Calais, which is among charities and humanitarian groups who say the new policy is inhumane and heaping further trauma on people who in many instances are fleeing horrific circumstances in their homelands. The charity says it is working with 80 out of 100 people in detention centres who have been sent ‘notices of intent’ to remove them to Rwanda. Seventeen have had notices to say their ‘deportation’, the term used by the group, is imminent, of which 10 have been given the date June 14. In a Facebook post, the charity said that its workers have had ‘numerous late-night conversations with people who feel suicidal’, with one person saying ‘I would rather die than go there’. Khaled is also desperate to avoid removal, after leaving a city in south-west Syria to avoid military service. ‘When you turn 18 you’re conscripted into the military and have to go to fight in wars, maybe in Syria itself, or in Yemen, or against the Kurdish,’ he said. ‘You are forced to commit crimes and kill your own people. I couldn’t do that. Shortly before I was 18 I requested permission from the authorities to travel to Libya. They were not suspicious, and said yes.’ Khaled flew to Libya last summer before trying to cross the Mediterranean into Europe by boat, but was caught and put in jail. Care4Calais estimates 70% of those targeted for removal have suffered torture or trafficking in their home countries or making hazardous journeys to the UK. Khaled is among those who have experienced mistreatment while detained in the north African country. ‘In the jail there is little food, it is very crowded and the treatment is bad,’ Khaled said. ‘I was beaten there. Finally I got out, and I got a boat to Italy. ‘That was very bad – my boat was only nine metres long, but there were 83 people in it. There was a problem with the motor, and the waves were very high, so I was very scared. ‘It took us 28 hours to get all the way across that sea to Italy. ‘Once I was there, I got a train to Switzerland, and then another through France to Calais. ‘In Calais, a smuggler got me a place in a small boat to the UK.’ Khaled has been in detention since arriving in the UK and said he is near an airport but is unaware of the location. Care4Calais said in the post that it spent the four-day bank holiday weekend working through the night to support those targeted for removal. The group has joined a storm of protest after Priti Patel announced the plans, formally entitled the Migration and Economic Development Partnership with Rwanda. Refugee Action has dubbed the government’s scheme a ‘cowardly, barbaric and inhumane way to treat people fleeing persecution and war’. In a letter signalling no confidence in Boris Johnson, former minister Jesse Norman called the scheme ‘ugly, likely to be counterproductive and of doubtful legalilty’. Single men arriving on boats or lorries are intended to be the first targeted for ‘processing’ and resettlement through a pilot scheme aimed at curtailing the actions of people smugglers. However Care4Calais has said that two of those notified have wrongly had their ages assessed as 23 and 26 – when they are just 16. One is said to have witnessed his brother being killed in front of him when his village was raided in Sudan. The Home Office maintains that officials are speaking to all of the individuals concerned to ensure they understand the process and are supported ahead of departure. The department has said that ‘nobody will be removed if it is unsafe or inappropriate for them’ and a ‘generous support package’ will be provided in Rwanda, including up to five years of accommodation and access to healthcare. The relocation strategy fully complies with national and international law, according to the Home Office. A spokesperson said: ‘Our world-leading partnership with Rwanda is a key part of our strategy to overhaul the broken asylum system and break the evil people smugglers business model. ‘We have now issued formal directions to the first group of people due to be relocated to Rwanda later this month, where they will be given the opportunity to rebuild their lives there. ‘This marks a critical step towards operationalising the policy and we remain fully committed to working with Rwanda to offer safety to those seeking asylum and ultimately save lives.’ *Khaled spoke under an assumed name Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.