Presenter Lorraine Kelly, 62, on dropping dress sizes, eating a whole block of cheese and not hearing what the Queen told her. Before lockdown I was doing well with my weight. I was doing my exercise class several times a week, I was a stable size 10 and doing just fine, and then wham – Covid happened and everything shut down. Exercise classes stopped virtually overnight, I started comfort eating and having naughty glasses of wine on a school night. Over the past couple of years the weight kept going on and on, and you think you’re OK but for someone who’s always managed to get into a size 10, I was struggling to get into a 14. I really thought I’d be into a 16 if I kept going, and I wasn’t enjoying wearing my clothes anymore because I was trying to fit into everything. Also, I had no energy and I was waking in the middle of the night feeling stressed. I knew I needed a bit of help so I joined WW and, with the support of other members and the app, I dropped two dress sizes and managed to get back into my size 10s at the end of January. Being able to get back into my size 10 jeans was a big deal and also being able to get into the dress I (previously) wore to the Baftas – a size 10 red Phase Eight high-street dress – was a great moment. The zip went right up and I didn’t even need serious underwear! I must have put on more than a stone and a half – I was about 11st 10 lbs – but for me it was not just about fitting into my posh black frock that wouldn’t go over my bottom but about being happy in myself. I went to the Baftas and really enjoyed the day but I wouldn’t have gone to the ceremony in the beginning of January. I just wouldn’t have had the confidence to get up on stage. Now I feel like going out again. I’d say look at me – there I was at the beginning of January, feeling very down and not being able to get into any of my clothes, lacking confidence. But I found the WW app was like having a real pal, reminding me in a lovely, warm way to drink lots of water, to look after your mental health and get good sleep. So I’d say, don’t sit there thinking you can’t do it, just do your best and remember: it’s not a race. A big part is getting your sleep pattern sorted and having a deeper sleep. The main thing for me was getting rid of my phone from my bedroom, especially during the pandemic and now with everything happening in Ukraine and various show business stories. I might have gone to bed at 9.30pm because I’m up before 5am but because of reading these stories in bed I just wasn’t sleeping. So now the phone and iPad are charging elsewhere and I’ve gone back to an old-fashioned alarm clock. So the help on the app isn’t just about what you’re eating. I really used the online support system with coaches and also other WW members, who were always there to give me tips if I had a question. I felt very supported. Some of them know but on WW my user name is Lorraine and a few numbers and my profile photo is Angus my dog, so many people didn’t realise. I am just one of the WW gang and that’s what I really like about it. My weakness is biscuits and cheese but now I just have one or two and I won’t have the whole block and the whole packet. I also enjoyed having a cup of tea and a biscuit. The clothes I wear are all high-street and four times a year we have a sale at work. We had a sale a month ago and the money went to Ukraine but the next sale in a couple of weeks will be sold for Deborah James’s BowelBabe charity. Beautiful Deborah has done more in her life and this year in particular than most of us achieve in a lifetime. Every day we get people phoning the show saying thanks to Deborah, they’ve been diagnosed early. She must have saved thousands of lives. I met her when she gave me my CBE and she was talking to me but I can’t remember what she said because I was crying! She was fabulous and I love the fact she didn’t go to the state opening of Parliament but went to see the horses. When I met her, I was worried because my legs were shaking so much I thought ‘if I fall on the Queen and squash her, that will be the end of the Queen!’ She’s tiny and looks brilliant. My heart was beating so loudly I couldn’t hear her. She could have invited me to Buckingham Palace for a personal dinner, for all I know! Visit WW to get 50% off your membership this summer. MORE : Dame Deborah James puts ‘two fingers up’ to terminal bowel cancer as she gets glammed up for the opera MORE : Lorraine Kelly gets her ‘zest for life’ back after losing 1.5 stone in lockdown weight: ‘It’s improved my confidence massively’ MORE : Lorraine Kelly baffled by idea to ‘send Prince Andrew to Scotland to get him out the way’ as she doubles down on ‘very convenient’ Covid diagnosis 