It has been confirmed the biggest rail strike in moden history is set to take place next week. Last-ditch talks with the Rail, Transport and Maritime Union (RMT) failed to resolve a bitter row over pay, jobs and conditions. As a result, more than 40,000 staff at Network Rail and 13 train operators are expected to walk out. Industrial action is set to take place on June 21, June 23 and June 25, with passengers being advised against travel unless necessary. Although the train strikes are on three separate dates, train services are likely to be delayed or cancelled during the days in between. Strike are expected to have a major impact on Glastonbury Festival, with festivalgoers travelling down on June 23 and June 25 affected. But various rail companies have highlighted how customers can get compensation or use their train tickets for travel at different times or days. Below, all the important questions are answered about the upcoming train strikes. If travelling using an advanced or season ticket, people can get a partial refund. The Delay Repay scheme ensures that customers are eligible for a partial refund if their train is delayed by 15 minutes or longer. If people happen to buy a walk-up ticket on the day then they are also eligible for a partial refund. People are required to get in contact with the train company they are travelling with and provide a photo of their ticket and details of the train they were planning to catch. People have to do this separately for each time they are delayed. Searching Delay Repay via a search engine alongside the train company will take people to the firm’s designated page for the scheme. The Delay Repay scheme states people with single tickets get 25% off the fare if delayed by 15 to 29 minutes. This increases to 50% off the fare if held up by 30 to 59 minutes and 100% off the fare if delayed by 60 minutes or longer. For return tickets, this is calculated on whether one or both legs of the journey were disrupted. If delayed by more than 120 minutes during one leg then people are entitled to a full refund of the whole ticket price. Passengers can get a full refund or change a ticket date if they wish not to travel of their own accord. According to National Rail, this only applies though if a specific train has ‘been cancelled, delayed or rescheduled’. Season tickets use a formula where the price of a ‘single journey’, for the purpose of a refund, is a percentage of what you paid for your whole pass. This means for an annual season pass, customers are eligible for 1/464th of the price back for every single journey. For monthly season tickets it is 1/40th of the price and weekly 1/10th. The short answer is no, despite Grant Shapps’ claims otherwise. The Transport Secretary said: ‘I’ve moved to help make that an automatic process’, to ‘remove the inconvenience for passengers.’ But this has been confounded with suggestions season ticket holders will have to use the Delay Repay scheme like everybody else. But, under a one-off arrangement, season ticket holders will be able to claim back 100% of the Delay Repay compensation they are entitled to if they decide not to travel on the three strike days. This applies to the strike days themselves and not the days in-between. It is difficult to say. The sheer number of passengers requesting delay repay may mean ironically, there will be delays for people wishing to get some or all of their money back. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.