A holidaymaker in Tenerife captured the moment hotel staff removed dozens of towels from sun loungers to stop tourists from trying to reserve them. Amanda Proctor was on holiday at the Gran Costa Adeje Hotel, in southern Tenerife, when she spotted workers taking revenge on cheeky tourists. Whipping out her phone to take a video, she uploaded the clip to TikTok with the caption: ‘Hotel staff and security taking towels saved on beds.’ Amanda claimed there was a sign at the hotel saying guests were not allowed to reserve sunbeds before 10am, but as is evident from the footage, the request was clearly ignored. She said it was ‘absolutely hilarious’ watching people come back to find their towels removed from the sun loungers, claiming many did not return until mid-afternoon. Staff can be seen picking up yellow towels in the clip, with one worker flinging more than 10 towels over his shoulder at one point. At one point, a hotel guest can be spotted running over to the staff members and begging them to leave his towel on the lounger while it was being removed, but his request was denied. Yet despite the controversy, most people viewing the clip sided with the hotel staff and urged more resorts to adopt a similar policy. The practice of putting towels on sun loungers to reserve them has long been a common practice among tourists at resorts, and ‘sunbed wars’ are a constant source of friction for people on holiday. In another classic example of the sunbed wars being fought in resorts around Europe, an angry pensioner was caught on video tipping a holidaymaker off a reserved lounger at a hotel in Portugal. The poolside row started after Jenna Deacon and her pal Eilidh Robertson, 19, bagged a sunbed that had been ‘reserved’ with a towel in the Portuguese resort of Albufeira. As the row escalates the man, who is armed with an ice cream, lifts up one end of the sunbed. As Eilidh slides off the bed, she can be heard saying: ‘Put me down you f****** weirdo!’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.