Spanish air traffic controllers are set to heap more misery on holidaymakers this summer. Major industrial action will be decided later this month following a bitter dispute about staffing numbers in the airport towers in Majorca and Ibiza – two favourite destinations for Brits. The nightmare scenario could spell a repeat of the 2010 carnage, which saw the military take over Spain’s air traffic control when workers called in sick en masse, forcing the closure of several airports and stranding thousands of travellers. There has not been any official announcement from the air traffic controllers’ union USCA, but a spokesperson told local media a strike was on the cards. It comes after passengers were left waiting up to seven hours at UK airports this week, as widespread staff shortages blighted any hopes for a stress-free break this half-term. Hundreds of flights have been delayed or cancelled in recent weeks, with police officers brought in to control the chaos. EasyJet blamed a software failure for a wave of cancellations that stranded some of its passengers overseas at the weekend. It is also axing more than 200 further flights from Gatwick — 24 a day until next Monday — over issues including baggage handling delays, runway works and air traffic control restrictions. ‘We are sorry for the late notice of some of cancellations and inconvenience caused for customers. However, we believe this is necessary to provide reliable services over this busy period,’ a company spokesman said. Tui also cancelled flights as thousands of families faced long queues at Manchester, Stansted and Bristol airports. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps told travel chiefs to sort out the mess in crisis talks yesterday. But Union Unite has warned that unless airline and airport bosses resolved the crisis before July, the ‘chaos will last the entire summer season.’ Additional reporting by Natalia Penza Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.