A man found with 58 wraps of crack and heroin in his bum has been sentenced to more than three years in prison. Tyrone Grimes, 25, was ‘threatening’ towards police they spotted him trying to carry out a suspected drug deal in Widnes, Cheshire, on May 11. But the young father told a court he had resorted to drug dealing to cope with paying for his mum’s funeral and having a young child. He had reportedly ‘tried to struggle’ after being detained when his Citroen Berlingo was pulled over on Hale Road. Officers later found the drugs – in £10 deals worth £580 in total – when he was strip-searched at Cheshire Police’s northern custody suite. Paul Wood, prosecuting, told Liverpool Crown Court: ‘He was uncooperative and threatening with the police and made a number of derogatory comments. ‘He was strip-searched and a packet of 29 wraps of diamorphine (heroin) and 29 wraps of cocaine was recovered.’ A search of a burner phone showed he had sent a flare message to advertise Class B drugs on May 1. Grimes gave no comment to questions during a police interview, but a drug expert said the substances found were ‘consistent with onward sale’. Carmel Wilde, defending, said he had turned to dealing drugs after his mother’s death from cancer amid mounting financial pressure. The 25-year-old, who had previously worked as a mechanic, was diagnosed with depression and bipolar disorder after the bereavement. ‘He became overwhelmed. He wasn’t working anymore and regrettably, foolishly chose to involve himself in this offending’, Ms Wilde said. ‘He couldn’t see any option. He doesn’t say that as an excuse but as background.’ She added that he didn’t use drugs himself but found himself ‘dwindling into depression’ and ‘built up significant debts’. The court heard Grimes had three convictions for five offences and had been recalled to prison on licence after his arrest in Widnes. His convictions included conspiracy to supply a Class B drug, and possessing a prohibited weapon. Grimes pleaded guilty at Chester Magistrates’ Court on May 12 to two counts of possession with intent to supply a Class A drug, namely heroin and crack cocaine, and one of acquiring or using criminal property. He was initially charged with assaulting an emergency worker in relation to his arrest on May 11 but this incident was named of ‘low level’ in court and the count was ordered to lie on file. Judge David Aubrey, QC, told Grimes ‘drugs ruin lives’ as he was sentenced to three years and four months in prison. ‘There were two separate drugs. Drugs ruin lives. They cause misery, they cause desperation, and you should know that only too well’, he said. The sentence had been reduced by a third from five years to reflect credit for Grimes’s guilty pleas. A provisional timetable was agreed in relation for an application to confiscate the Citroen Berlingo. Meanwhile, the judge said £146.30 seized from Grimes’ pocket during his arrest could be donated to charity. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.