A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a stranger in a ‘horrific’ street assault in east London. This afternoon, police named the victim as Zara Aleena, 36, who lived locally to the scene in Ilford. The attack happened in the early hours of June 26 as she was walking along Cranbrook Road in the direction of Gants Hill Station. Ms Allena died in hospital after being found injured in the street. In a statement, Chief Superintendent Stuart Bell, senior officer for policing in the east area, said: ‘It is now believed that she was the victim of an attack by a stranger. ‘Her family are aware of this and as the investigation progresses they will continue to be updated and supported.’ He added there was no evidence of any weapons being used in the attack, which left Ms Aleena with fatal head injuries. ‘Our priority is to catch the perpetrator as soon as possible and for that reason there are some aspects of the investigation I won’t be commenting on in detail,’ he said. ‘There will be further information that we release to the press and public as soon as possible. ‘We are keeping Zara’s family up to date with our progress and my heartfelt condolences are with them at this terrible time. ‘They are being supported by specialist officers – but I cannot imagine the pain they must be feeling.’ Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said he was ‘heartbroken’ by the death of Zara Aleena. He said in a statement: ‘I’m heartbroken by the murder of Zara Aleena, who had her whole life ahead of her. ‘My thoughts and prayers are with her family, friends and the whole community who are devastated by her death. ‘I am in regular contact with the police who have been working around the clock and a man is now in custody on suspicion of murder. ‘There will continue to be a large police presence in the area over the coming days. ‘Understandably, women living in the area and across London will be feeling distressed and fearful after this awful attack and the death of another woman at the hands of a man.’ Police were called at 2.44am on Sunday morning after Ms Aleena was found seriously hurt in the street by members of the public. Paramedics responded and tried to help her, but she could not be saved. A post-mortem examination found that Zara suffered multiple serious injuries that contributed to her death. Police said they were carrying out a full forensic examination of the scene and the surrounding area, with house to house enquiries. They are also looking at any available CCTV from the area, with local people told to expect a significant police presence over the coming days and weeks. Chf Supt Bell previously said the woman had been subjected to a ‘horrific assault’. He continued: ‘Women should not have to change their behaviour and should be able to go about their business, feeling safe, any time of day or night. ‘It’s our job to ensure that happens – but officers cannot be in all places at all times. ‘I would urge our community, especially women, to report any suspicious or unwanted behaviour and seek help if you feel threatened.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.