Mollie King has revealed how she kept the world in the dark about her pregnancy for months before she and her fiancé announced the news. The Saturdays star, 35, revealed the happy news last week that she and cricketer fiancé Stuart Broad, 36, are expecting their first child together. She had shared a black and white photo of Stuart kissing her bump, telling her followers: ‘Stuart and I are so so happy to share that we’re expecting a baby later this year! We’re absolutely over the moon.’ Mollie later took to Instagram to share a reel showing how she has been dressing her growing bump, including sizing up in clothes to mask her midriff until she was ready to break the wonderful news. Sharing a reel of her trying on a host of her recent outfits, she told her followers: ‘Dressing the growing bump over the past few months. ‘Long gone are the days of tight jeans! So far I’ve mostly been sizing up in my clothes, and wearing anything super stretchy, and below the bump! ‘But a few weeks ago I bought my first batch of maternity pieces, I can’t wait to see what’s out there for when the bump gets bigger!’ Mollie and Stuart had revealed they were engaged on January 1, 2021, with Mollie sharing a photo of her stunning diamond ring. She told her followers at the time: ‘A thousand times yes! I still can’t believe it, the most magical start to the new year! ‘I can’t wait to spend all my years with you @stuartbroad.’ Stuart shared the same image, adding: ‘The best way to start 2021 @mollieking’. The couple had also opened up to Tatler about their wedding plans following the engagement, with Mollie saying they wanted the celebration ‘to be relaxed and chilled, and a really fun party’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Mollie King radiant in pink and white at Wimbledon after sharing baby news MORE : ‘Best news ever’: Mollie King’s Saturdays co-stars full of excitement as she reveals she’s pregnant with first baby 