The European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) has made a last-minute attempt to stop the executions of two British prisoners held in Russian-occupied Ukraine. Aiden Aslin, 28, and Shaun Pinner, 48, were captured in April while fighting with the Ukrainian Marines in the war-torn city of Mariupol. They were given the death penalty by the proxy ‘Supreme Court’ of the so-called Donetsk People’s Republic after being charged with being foreign mercenaries. ECHR said this morning it had issued interim measures to instruct Russia to make sure their death penalty by a firing squad is not carried out. ‘The Court indicated in particular to the government of the Russian Federation, under Rule 39 (interim measures) of the Rules of Court, that they should ensure that the death penalty imposed on the applicants was not carried out,’ the court said in a statement. Under Rule 39, ECHR may indicate interim measures to any party to the European Convention on Human Rights. Earlier in June, Russian MPs approved ending the jurisdiction of the court in the country. At the time, former president Dmitry Medvedev said Russia’s exit represented an opportunity to restore the death penalty, which the Council of Europe prohibits. The country will officially cease to be a party on September 16, so it is yet unclear whether the Kremlin will comply with ECHR’s interim measures. Mr Aslin and Mr Pinner are both in a relationship with Ukrainian nationals and consider the country their home. They joined the Armed Forces of Ukraine (the UAF) in 2018 and were deployed to join the 36th Detached Marine Brigade of the UAF in Mariupol after the invasion. Their devastated families and the UK government have rejected claims they are mercenaries. But Mr Aslin and Mr Pinner were convicted in what observers branded a ‘show trial’ on Russian TV of attempting ‘a violent seizure of power’. Fearing the worst and running out of options, their representatives made requests to the Court under Rule 39 on Monday to ensure their convention rights. ECHR requested the Russian government provide information, in two weeks, to show what actions and measures have been taken regarding the two soldiers. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.