On Sunday June 19, father figures across the country will be waking up to breakfast in bed and hopefully a few presents. If you’re stuck on what to buy your dad, there’s still time to get him something special. While a ‘best dad’ mug always goes down well, it won’t quite cut it as you get older. So why not spoil the man you look up to most and opt for something he really wants? To help you out, we’ve compiled our favourite options that’ll arrive in time for Father’s Day. We’ve got food and alcohol gifts for dads who like a snack and tipple, grooming gifts for those who prefer a pamper, and funny, novelty presents to give him a chuckle. Plus, if your father figure is the type to spend his weekends gardening and doing DIY, there are some practical presents in there too. Are you buying for a foodie father? Or perhaps your dad loves nothing more than a fancy G&T? These gifts will be sure to wow. Mr Black’s new limited-edition Rum Barrel Coffee Liqueur is perfect poured over ice, with notes of rich roasted coffee and deep, dark chocolate, combined with aromatic spices, toffee brown sugar and sweet raisins. Buy for £35 at Mr Black. You’ll be the favourite child if you gift your dad a Hotel Chocolat Velvetiser, which makes smooth, whipped hot chocolate in under three minutes. Make him a cuppa with your present to round off the perfect Father’s Day. Buy for £99.95 at Hotel Chocolat. Give him the tools to make Punjabi recipes from scratch with these kits, that comes with the spices for three curries of your choosing. Cooking-mad dads just need to add fresh ingredients and they’ll be serving up delicious meals in no time. Buy for £14.95 at NotOnTheHighStreet. This foodie Father’s Day hamper is packed with snacks he’ll love, and you can have it delivered to your door. Here’s what’s included: Buy for £35 at M&S. This gift set is perfect for any gin connoisseur, with two premium full-sized bottles that can be delivered to him. It includes the perfect double act of Edinburgh Gin and Rock Rose Gin – just add tonic and garnish. Buy for £69.99 at Bottle in a Box. Does your dad spend longer in the bathroom than everyone else, primping and pampering? Get him something he’ll use – and love – this Father’s Day. This set is perfect for dad who like an old-school look to their products, but the formulations themselves are anything but. They’re paraben-free, sulfate-free, and suitable for all skin types (including sensitive). For just £38, you’ll get a Facial Scrub, Face Wash, Daily Energising Moisturiser, and Eye Cream. Plus, you can get 20% off by using the code GIVEME20 at checkout. Buy for £38 from Hawkins and Brimble. Men often have slightly rougher skin than women, but this is easily remedied with some exfoliation. Priced at £18, this soap from iconic cosmetics brand Kiehl’s sloughs away dead skin, removing dirt and oil as it goes. Buy for £18 from Keihl’s. With a wash, a scrub, and a lotion, this kit has everything your gift recipient needs for soft, glowing skin. Each of the products are under 100ml, too, so is easy to take in their carry-on when flying. Buy for £26 at Beauty Bay. Is your dad more of a hair guy? If so, he’ll be coiffured to perfection with this multipack of Hanz de Fuko products. For just £12, you’ll get a pomade, super high hold clay, gravity paste, and sponge wax – style options for days. Buy from Mankind. There’s so much packed into this £50 grooming gift, included branded products from the likes of Elemis, Molton Brown, and American Crew. The contents are worth £134.80 if bought separately, which is a massive saving – but we won’t tell if you don’t. Buy for £50 from Lookfantastic. For the dad who has everything he needs, go for a gift that’ll make him smile. Here are our favourite novelty Father’s Day presents. Dog-lovers will adore these socks, which can be personalised with a picture of your pooch. Send in your picture, choose your colour, and they’ll be ready in time for his special day. Buy for £16.99 at Prezzybox. There’s no reason grown-ups can’t play with toys, and elder mods, car enthusiasts, and model-makers alike will love this set from Playmobil. In addition to the classic Mini Cooper model, you’ll get two figures in colourful 70’s outfits, a Dalmatian, and a police officer figure in a classic British uniform. Buy for £44.99 (reduced from £59.99) at I Want One of Those. If Alexa’s pandering to his every whim, bring him back down to earth with Bad Alexus. This novelty smart speaker will respond rudely when you ask it questions – and it doubles up as an actual speaker to play music. Buy for £19.99 at Find Me a Gift. Buying for someone who always loses their specs? Make sure they can find them again with this novelty eye test glasses case, that can be personalised with their name. Buy for £19.99 at Getting Personal. For his desk or around the house, he’ll get hours of fun from this Electronic Arcade Basketball Game. It’s designed to look like a classic arcade game, with a scoreboard, two ball launchers and sound effects for added fun and glamour. Buy for £30 (reduced from £35) at MenKind. Some people prefer a gift they’ll get plenty of use out of – and your father figure will definitely get use out of these. From DIY to gardening to tech, you can buy them something that makes their everyday easier. This handy smartwatch allows them to monitor their health and fitness, pay using contactless, and receive phone notifications to their wrist. Not only that, the water resistant Garmin Venu Sq Music Edition lets you download and play songs, videos, and tailored workouts. Buy for £159.99 at John Lewis. With FreshFeet technology, these slippers will stay odour-free – which means fewer replacement pairs. The real suede outer looks slick, while the inner is made of memory foam and Thermowarmth for ultimate comfort. Buy for £29.50 at M&S. This nifty tool stool was listed in Modern Garden Magazine’s top gifts for gardeners. And if it’s good enough for them, it’s good enough for your green-fingered pops. Carry your supplies in it as a bag, then easily unfold for a portable seat. Buy for £39.95 at NotOnTheHighStreet. DIY fans will be amazed by this simple-yet-genius gadget. The magnetic wristband is perfect for holding loose screws and nails, and it has pockets for non-metal items too. Buy for £9.99 at Prezzybox. A Rocketbook Smart Notebook can be a real game-changer for a parent, and it can help organise their working life too. It’s the world’s first endlessly reusable notebook: use with dry-wipe markers and your notes will be uploaded to to Google Docs, Dropbox, iCloud, Evernote, email and more. Buy for £29.99 (reduced from £34.99) at Amazon. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : 100 wedding guest dresses to wow at your next nuptials MORE : From smart padlocks to after party speakers, this is the best festival tech to buy now