Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey has shared a heartbreaking tribute to Dame Deborah James after the campaigner died following a five year battle with bowel cancer. Kelsey took to her Instagram story to share a photo of Dame Deborah following her death at the age of 40. She wrote alongside it: ‘My Tom will be waiting with a glass of something special for you Deborah. ‘What an incredible lady… find a life worth enjoying; take risks; love deeply; have no regrets and always, always have rebellious hope. RIP Dame Deborah James.’ Dame Deborah’s family had shared the news of her death on Tuesday, writing alongside a series of photos of the late podcast host: ‘We are deeply saddened to announce the death of Dame Deborah James; the most amazing wife, daughter, sister, mummy.’ They added that she had ‘passed away peacefully surrounded by her family’, who shared their pride at her raising so much money and awareness for bowel cancer. The post added: ‘And a few final things from Deborah…“find a life worth enjoying; take risks; love deeply; have no regrets; and always, always have rebellious hope. And finally, check your poo – it could just save your life.”’ Kelsey had earlier revealed that Dame Deborah had been a ‘pillar of strength’ for her husband Tom, who died earlier this year at the age of 33, as The Wanted star battled a terminal glioblastoma brain tumour. She shared a touching message after Dame Debrah revealed in May that she was undergoing end of life care at home after not being able to have any more active cancer treatment. Kelsey wrote at the time: ‘Sending love, light and strength to you, your family and babies. Deborah, you are an Earth Angel. You’ve raised so much awareness and money, you’re a hero. ‘Your courage is inspiring. You were a pillar of strength for my Tommy Boy, always there with advice. ‘I know you were both members of a club that you didn’t want to be in. I wish we all could’ve met under different circumstances.’ She also shared the link to donate to Deborah’s Bowelbabe fund, which is nearing £7million in donations for cancer charities, and added: ‘Like Tom, you’ve never let cancer define you and what a legacy you’ve created.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Deborah James reaches £7,000,000 milestone with Bowelbabe Fund just hours after her death aged 40 following cancer battle MORE : Gloria Hunniford shares admiration for Dame Deborah James’ ‘energy and attitude’ as she reflects on own daughter’s death from cancer 