Jennifer Hudson has officially secured EGOT status and we can’t think of anyone more deserving. The actress and singer won her first ever Tony Award at this year’s ceremony, when A Strange Loop, which she acts as an executive producer on, won best musical. It completes her coveted EGOT (Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony) collection, which represents outstanding achievements in television, recording, film, and theatre. She is now the second Black woman in history to achieve the status, following on from Whoopi Goldberg. Jennifer, 40, now joins the club alongside the likes of Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber, Audrey Hepburn, Rita Moreno, and John Legend. The star has two Grammys, first winning for her self-titled album in 2009, and she won an Oscar in 2007 for her role in Dreamgirls. Last year, Jennifer won an Emmy for lending her voice to animated short Baba Yaga. She previously addressed her plans to achieve EGOT status, joking: ‘I should get two more dogs. ‘I got a dog and named it Oscar, and then I won my Oscar. And then I got a dog and named it Grammy, and then I won my Grammy. ‘So I think I should get some dogs and name them Emmy and Tony — and it’ll give me good luck, and I’ll win. [They’re] like my good luck charms.’ A Strange Loop, which premiered on Broadway in April 2022, was a favourite at the 2022 Tonys, securing 11 nominations and winning two awards – best musical and best book of a musical. It was brought to life by a star-studded team including Jennifer, drag legend RuPaul,  Alan Cumming, Ilana Glazer, Mindy Kaling, and Billy Porter. Jennifer won’t be the only one celebrating, as RuPaul is now half-way to EGOT status after the show’s win. He’s also won a whopping 11 Emmys for his popular reality show RuPaul’s Drag Race. Ariana DeBose hosted the 2022 Tony Awards at Radio City Music Hall in New York City, with Darren Criss and Julianne Hough also taking to the stage. Billy Porter performed over the In Memoriam section – although John Stamos has since called out the awards after Bob Saget was left out. He admitted he was ‘disappointed’ over his Full House co-star not being honoured in the section after he performed in Broadway productions The Drowsy Chaperone (2005) and Hand Of God (2015). Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Disappointed’ John Stamos calls out Tony Awards 2022 after Bob Saget left out of In Memoriam MORE : Inside Strictly Come Dancing’s Karen Hauer’s ‘fairytale’ wedding to Jordan Wyn-Jones at luxurious country retreat  