Criminals have done more than 300,000 hours of community service at home since the pandemic began. During the various Covid lockdowns, offenders have kept busy making things such as face masks and greeting cards. The unpaid ‘work from home’ scheme was introduced to clear a backlog of community hours – despite Boris Johnson’s calls for ‘fluorescent-jacketed chain gangs’ to publicly pay for their anti-social crimes. Other tasks on their list includes making hats and scarves for Ukrainian refugees and PPE for care homes and charities. It all emerged in a parliamentary question by policing minister Kit Malthouse, who revealed prison authorities are using the ‘independent working’ initiative. Between 2020 and 2021 – at the height of the pandemic – 59,314 hours of community home working was completed. This amounts to 4.4% of all unpaid work. This jumped to 274,324 hours for 2021/22 when the UK was largely no longer in lockdown. This was 7.7% of the total. This is despite Mr Malthouse claiming it was the ‘government’s intention to reduce the proportion of sentences done under home working’. Steve Reed, Labour’s Shadow Justice Secretary, said: ‘This is further evidence that the Conservatives are soft on crime. ‘It is absurd that ministers are still allowing criminals to do unpaid work from home as part of their sentence while hounding civil servants to go back to the office. Yet again the Conservatives are letting criminals off and letting victims down.’ Criminals found guilty of crimes such as theft, shoplifting, burglaries and some assaults are often served community sentences. Her Majesty’s Justice Chief Inspectors, who oversee the Crown Prosecution Service, police, prison and probation, said a backlog of hundreds of thousands of hours grew because of the pandemic. This had led to ‘innovative’ approaches to ensure offenders with ‘specific needs’ can still carry out their unpaid work. The Ministry of Justice said: ‘Offenders can serve no more than 10% of their unpaid work hours via these schemes. They ensured offenders still served their punishments during the pandemic and eased the burden on the courts.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.