A woman who says she fell in love with and married a ragdoll her mother made for her says she has now got a baby with him. Meirivone Rocha Moraes, 37, complained to her mum that she was single and wanted someone to dance with so she got her needle and thread out and created Marcelo. She said they fell in love and she fell pregnant. She even claimed the put on 4lbs during her pregnancy. Not wanting to give birth out of wedlock, she arranged a wedding in front of 250 family and friends before going on Honeymoon in Rio de Janeiro. She said she ‘gave birth’ to a new ragdoll in a 35-minute labour at home, with a doctor and nurse present.  SHe said that it was pain free. It was livestreamed online with 200 people watching. Meirivone said: ‘It was a wonderful day for me, very important, very emotional. ‘He is a man I always wanted in my life. Married life with him is wonderful. He doesn’t fight with me, he doesn’t argue and he just understands me. ‘Marcelo is a great and faithful husband. He is such a man and all women envy him. ‘When my mum made Marcelo and first introduced me to him, I fell in love with him. It was love at first sight. ‘It was because I didn’t have a forró dancer. I would go to these dances but wouldn’t always find a partner. ‘Then he entered into my life and it all made sense. ‘The wedding was a wonderful day for me, very important, very emotional. It rained a lot but it was wonderful. ‘From the moment I walked down the aisle to the end, it was just beautiful. ‘Then went to the wedding night with my husband Marcelo and we enjoyed our wedding night a lot. ‘He has so many great qualities but the only downside is he’s lazy. He doesn’t work at all. But I am a warrior and I keep it going for us. ‘It’s true, Marcelo got me pregnant. He didn’t take care of himself and he didn’t use a condom. ‘He got me pregnant. I took the test – it was positive. I couldn’t believe it.’ ‘I didn’t feel the contractions in pain. Seeing the placenta and the umbilical cord and the blood made it all real. ‘He was here in 35 minutes and he is great. It really upsets me when people say this is fake. It makes me so angry. ‘I am a woman of character. My father, my mother taught me to be honest, to be a good person and not want to take advantage of anything.’