We’re all a bit strapped for cash at the moment. And with the cost of living crisis hitting hard, we could all do with some extra money in our bank accounts. So what if we told you that making money from your home – with you needing to do virtually nothing – is a real possibility? Well, you’re in luck – because it is. Experts have revealed the top ways our homes could be earning us some extra money – perfect for funding summer day trips and beyond. From renting out the driveway to your home popping up in blockbuster movies and TV shows, you might just be sitting on a goldmine. Bertan Baytekin, co-founder and CPO of leading gig economy platform AppJobs, has said that ‘putting your house to work can be a relatively easy and lucrative way to increase our incomings’. Explaining how there are a variety of ways our homes can become earners, he noted that you can make a quick buck in a multitude of relatively simple ways. Assuring us: ‘A passive income stream from using your home in these ways could be a big boost to your finances in a time when most of us could use a little extra cash.’ Parking spaces can often be hard to come by – especially in big cities like London, Brighton and Manchester, which is why if you don’t drive or you’ve got a spare spot, you might want to consider renting out your lot. Services such as ParkLet and JustPark allow you to advertise your space and this can earn around £200 per month. ‘If you’re the owner of the home then it’s totally legal to do as long as it’s not causing a nuisance, while tenants need permission from their landlord,’ says Bertan. If you’ve got a spare room or spacious garage, then maybe you should consider making use of it. Well, not you per se. But it could be you who makes a few grand each year by allowing other people to store their unneeded items for long or short periods of time. Using services such as storemates.co.uk to rent out space can take in up to £3,000 a year. Check with your home insurance though, and make sure you do the relevant research. Dream of seeing your home pop up on a TV show, in a newspaper or in a movie? Well, it could happen, and you could earn thousands for allowing it to. Websites like lavishlocations.com or shootfactory.co.uk allow you to advertise your property for location scouts to see, potentially earning up to £2,500 per day. We’ve all used sites like Airbnb and Spareroom when holidaying abroad or in the country. But it’s probably never crossed your mind that you could be the one letting our your home or even a room for a few days. Whether it’s letting someone stay in your home for a major festival or sporting event, or you’re becoming a live-in landlord, this is one of the most popular ways to put your home to work. If you do end up having a lodger, you can make £7,500 a year tax-free thanks to the Government’s Rent a Room scheme, while earnings from short-term lets is classed as taxable income. If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Five signs your relationship with money is toxic – and how to fix it MORE : How Costco uses psychological tricks to make customers spend more – and how to get the best value for money MORE : Giving up avocado on toast won’t help us wheelchair users get on the property ladder