Things are about to get incredibly warm in the UK, with temperatures set to soar this week. These sticky and sweaty conditions can be uncomfortable for everyone – but particularly babies. This is because infants are not as good at regulating their body temperature – so it’s important to keep them as cool as possible. Thankfully, there are numerous products available to help. Whether it’s buggy accessories to teething coolers – there are a number of things parents can have in their heatwave arsenal. We’ve rounded up some products which might help little ones stay cool and comfortable, as things heat up. Buy them now for £6.99 from Amazon These are ideal for making ice lollies at home. Simply add juice or puree and pop in the freezer. Buy it now for £19.99 from Amazon Try this clever cooling mat, made with a hydrophilic gel – which provides an instant cool sensation for warm babies. Buy it now for £23.23 from Amazon This powerful fan can be felt from up to seven meters away, so is ideal for putting in a nursery or in the living room. Plus, the table-top mount means it can be popped on a table or windowsill. Buy it now from £9 from Amazon This reusable swim nappy is ideal for the paddling pool, and can be worn alone, or with nappy wrap and liners – for easier cleaning and changing. Buy it now for £27.99 from Amazon This nifty product cools your baby’s formula milk from boiling to the perfect temperature in just two minutes – perfect for sweltering summer days. Buy it now for £6.40 from Amazon For teething babies, this cooling comforter is designed to be put in the fridge. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. MORE : These are best certified eco-friendly beauty products to buy now MORE : The best hair products to help control frizz and embrace your natural curls MORE : How to deal with the emotions of realising you’re not going to have a baby in the ‘traditional’ way