Actor Kevin Spacey has been pictured arriving at court in London, to face sex assault charges including four counts of sexual assault against three men. The American Beauty actor appeared in person at Westminster Magistrates’ Court on Thursday morning, wearing a blue suit and appearing to smile, and was swiftly mobbed by hordes of photographers as he exited a silver Mercedes at the entrance. He was surrounded by members of his legal team as well as two police officers. Last month the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) confirmed Spacey, 62, had been charged with four counts of sexual assault and one count of causing a person to engage in penetrative sexual activity without consent. The allegations relate to three men, now in their 30s and 40s, in London and Gloucestershire between 2005 and 2013, while Spacey was artistic director of the Old Vic theatre in London. The CPS authorised charges against him last month, but the American could only be formally charged once he had travelled to the UK earlier this week. The charges are: Spacey, a two-time Oscar winner who is known for starring roles in LA Confidential, The Usual Suspects and House Of Cards, had previously said he would travel to the UK to face the charges, which he is expected to deny. In a statement released to Good Morning America after the CPS announcement, he said: ‘While I am disappointed with their decision to move forward, I will voluntarily appear in the UK as soon as can be arranged and defend myself against these charges, which I am confident will prove my innocence.’ The most serious charge of causing a man to engage in penetrative sexual activity without consent is an indictable-only offence, meaning it can only be tried in Crown Court. Spacey, whose address in court documents is given as an apartment in Waterloo, central London, was artistic director at the Old Vic between 2004 and 2015. He was most recently cast in the upcoming film Peter Five Eight, with the trailer being released at Cannes Film Festival last week, while he is also due to star in the film The Man Who Drew God. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.