An ‘elated’ cricket team has finally won a match after nearly three decades of losses. The Motley Crew, based in Faversham, Kent, was first formed in 1993. Despite 29 years of playing, they have never managed to score their maiden triumph in any of the pub or village 11s they have faced – until Sunday, that is. There were ‘a fair few hangovers’ after they chased down 134 in a game against a team from The Three Horseshoes pub in Hernhill. Hailing their nervy one-wicket win, all-rounder Bobby Dolan, 31, said: ‘I didn’t think this day would come, but to be fair we managed to sneak in a nets session on Wednesday. ‘Usually our opponents would make over 200 quite comfortably in 25 or 30 overs, and we’d be lucky to make 50, 60. ‘I can’t remember a game where we got more than 100 runs. The score tends to drift away from our minds when we bat because we never think we have a chance. ‘Our bowling is all right, but our batting is just atrocious.’ Meanwhile, his teammate Bobby has admitted ‘I don’t know if we’re the worst team in Kent, but we’d be in the bottom division’. Speaking about the tense conclusion to the game, the English teacher added: ‘It was so tense towards the end. I came in at five and below me no one can really bat, so if I was bowled on the stumps they’d be out. ‘It’s not usually about winning, but since Sunday we haven’t stopped talking about it.’ The team celebrated their momentous win by toasting their ‘crestfallen’ opponents before painting the town red. They hope to clinch their next win soon, with a handful of fixtures scheduled over the summer. One of these will see them face rivals The Three Horseshoes again in September. Motley Crew captain Tom Browning, 33, believes it’s finally time for a winning streak. ‘It’s always been about having a laugh, a few too many beers and a good day out – but to win a match was amazing’, he said. ‘It’s been a running joke that The Motley Crew always loses but with new blood in the team, maybe we’re at the start of 29 years of wins.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.