A millionaire cycling guru and his partner are locked in a bitter row with their neighbours over ‘rampant’ Japanese knotweed they say has engulfed their home. Christopher Clarke says the notorious invasive plant ran was ‘leaning over’ his fence so thickly he couldn’t open his back door properly. The cycling charity director and bike tours business boss said the weeds have infested the foundations of his £1.6million house. He says that when he opened the door, they even billowed inside his Victorian home in affluent Kensal Green, northwest London. Japanese Knotweed can cause severe damage to buildings and infrastructure if left unchecked. It can be difficult to get rid of and cuttings are treated as licensed hazardous waste as the smallest part can easily spring up and start a new infestation. Mr Clarke and his partner Louise Kaye say knotweed roots, known as rhizomes, have tunnelled from next door into the footings of their home. They are now suing neighbours Talha and Minha Abbasi, demanding up to £250,000 in compensation. Mr Clarke Ms Kaye bought their home in December 2014 for £1.16million, and claim it would be worth around £167million today if it weren’t for the knotweed. But financial consultant Mrs Abbasi and her husband deny any blame and say the problem was already there before they bought the strip of land in 2016 for £166,000. Mr Clarke, who helps run cycling charity Club Peloton and bike business Cycle-to Events, said his house had been devalued by up to 15% because of the infestation. He and his partner say they’ve been unable to obtain mortgage finance on their property as a result of the infestation. They accuse the couple next door of failing to deal with properly, prompting them to take the case to Central London County Court. Mr Clarke and Ms Kaye did have a knotweed infestation on their own land, which they weren’t aware of until after they moved in. However, the couple said they subsequently had it professionally eradicated in 2015. Their barrister, Andy Creer, told the judge that in 2017, an expert reported that ‘the knotweed on the adjoining land poses an imminent threat of damage to the claimants’ home’. The Abbasis have taken steps to dig out some of the weeds, but their neighbours say their soil must be dug out at least three metres deep to remove all traces, which would require both houses to be propped up. Instead of getting in experts, the Abbasis initially ’employed general contractors to cut down the knotweed stems, which neither controls nor eradicates the knotweed’. As well as damages, Ms Clarke and Ms Kaye are asking for an injunction to ‘compel treatment of the knotweed on the defendants’ land’ to prevent further infestations. Their lawyer told the judge that Mrs and Mrs Abbasi ‘admit…that they knew of the knotweed’ before they bought their land. They were written to by their neighbours’ lawyers in July 2016 ‘informing them that the knotweed needed to be dealt with urgently’, she added. Despite ‘various assurances in emails’ between September 2016 and June 2017, the defendants ‘took no steps to treat the knotweed’, Ms Creer said. But Tom Carter, representing Mr and Mrs Abbasi, said evidence given by knotweed experts showed the plants had encroached from the land in 2012 or earlier – before the couple bought it. This means the Abbasis cannot be responsible for any proven losses as they were ‘incurred before any duty or breach by the defendants’, he argued. The judge is expected to give a ruling on the case at a later date. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 