Kate and William have paid a surprise visit to a museum in Cambridge to unveil a newly-commissioned royal portrait. The dazzling painting is the first of themselves together as a couple. William is depicted in a black suit with a white shirt and blue tie while Kate is wearing the emerald green Vampire’s Wife gown she wore while on a visit to Ireland in 2020. The painting, by award-winning artist Jamie Coreth, was commissioned last year as a gift for the people of Cambridgeshire and will be on display at the university’s Fitzwilliam Museum for the next three years. Mr Coreth said he wanted the portrait to show a balance between Kate and William’s public and private lives. He worked to incorporate the tones and colours of Cambridge’s brick buildings into the background of the portrait. The painting includes a hexagonal architectural motif that can be seen across buildings in the university city. Kate and William praised the artist’s work as they met him for the unveiling today. William joked the masterpiece was ‘quite big’ and said it was ‘amazing’. The Cambridges both studied history of art at St Andrews University, where the couple met, though William later switched to geography. William confessed earlier this week that he changed courses because he started to find his lectures boring. He said: ‘I studied a bit of art history at university, had to give it up. ‘I kept falling asleep in the lectures. Terrible. We did a lot of Renaissance, which was amazing but then once we got into modern art, I started to get a bit dozy.’ Mr Coreth said it ‘has been the most extraordinary privilege of my life  to be chosen to paint this picture’. ‘I wanted to show Their Royal Highnesses in a manner where they appeared both relaxed and approachable, as well as elegant and dignified,’ he said in a statement  released through Kensington Palace. ‘As it is the first portrait to depict them together, and specifically during their time as The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, I wanted the image to evoke a feeling of balance between their public and private lives. ‘The piece was commissioned as a gift for the people of Cambridgeshire, and I hope they will enjoy it as much as I have enjoyed creating it.’ The piece can now be viewed by the 200-year-old Fitzwilliam Museum. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 