BBC News has vehemently denied editing footage of Boris Johnson being booed by crowds outside St Paul’s Cathedral on the second day of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The Prime Minister was heckled as he ascended the steps with his wife Carrie Johnson to attend the service of thanksgiving on Friday. Although some cheers could be heard, they were drowned out by a wave of boos. The BBC has insisted it used different feeds of the recording for its coverage after commentator Marina Purkiss cast doubt on its authenticity. At the time, they tweeted one clip of live footage, where the boos could be heard clearly, and another video where the noise was a lot quieter. The post quickly went viral, with many convinced the footage had been doctored. ‘You’re paying your license fee for literal propaganda,’ one fumed. ‘This is disgusting. How can you edit a clip so shamelessly KNOWING that the original footage exists and is already out there? I’ve said it before, but I really don’t like this country atm.’ Echoing a similar sentiment, another vented: ‘This is astonishing @BBCNews. Who decided to edit the clip and under what editorial guidelines? Seems we have abandoned free and impartial public service broadcasting then.’ Swansea MP Geraint Davies wrote in a now-deleted tweet: ‘Frightening revelation of fake news as @BBCNews edits out booing from live recording of Boris & Carrie Johnson arrival for the Queens Jubilee.’ However, one person explained: ‘It’s not censored. They’re replaying footage of Johnson arriving over a later part of that live interview. ‘So you’ve got the sound from that chat plus the sound of the booing on the Johnson footage mixed together but the booing would be lower so it doesn’t drown out the chat.’ The BBC revealed it had been hit with complaints from audience members who felt the audio was edited. Hitting back at the complaints, a BBC spokesperson said in a statement: ‘The BBC did not change or edit the sound on any of its recordings of the arrivals to St Paul’s Cathedral, and its coverage clearly demonstrated the crowd’s reaction to the Prime Minister’s arrival. ‘As is standard for an event of this nature, there were a number of different crews filming. Jane Hill was filmed commentating live on the arrivals at the service and the crowd’s reaction.’ The statement continued: ‘Other BBC coverage used a “clean feed” of the arrivals, that is, sound and pictures from another crew which did not have commentary on top.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 