Neighbours of a young woman who has not been seen since Saturday said she is a ‘nice lady’ who would ‘never say anything to anyone’. Fears are growing for the welfare of Somaiya Begum, 20, who vanished from her home in Bradford five days ago. Detectives have made a number of arrests in connection with her disappearance, which is currently being treated as unexplained. A huge operation has been launched to find Somaiya, with police cordoning off industrial units and searching shipping containers. Somaiya was last seen at her home address on Binnie Street on Saturday afternoon at approximately 2pm. There have been no confirmed sightings or contact from her since. Today, forensic units could be seen searching a terraced property on her street. Neighbours have expressed their worry as the search for Somaiya enters its sixth day. A man in his 30s who lives in Binnie Street told Yorkshire Live: ‘As a resident of the street I am praying she is still alive and safe. From those I have spoken to, they are all praying for her to be safe. All the local residents hope she is safe and is found.’ Locals said Somaiya is part of a ‘nice, quiet family’ and that she is ‘such a nice lady’. Resident George Fraser, 86, said: ‘I spoke to police this morning – they are still treating it as a missing person. ‘The people here keep themselves to themselves. There is a lot of forensic activity judging by all the white suits, gloves and overalls.’ Another resident, who did not want to be named, said Somaiya lived with her grandma and an uncle, adding: ‘It’s really upsetting. She would never say anything to anyone. She had her head down, doing her job. ‘They are such a nice family – all the family are really nice.’ Police have released a description of Somaiya as a slim-built Asian female with black hair. She was last seen wearing black denim jeans, a black top and a black head scarf. In an update yesterday, West Yorkshire Police said they had made  ‘a number of arrests’ in connection with the case, but did not give further detail about the suspects. They are urging anyone with information to come forward. A spokesperson for the force said: ‘There have been no confirmed sightings or contact from her since (Saturday). She is described as an Asian female, slim build with black hair. She was last seen wearing black denim jeans, a black top and a black head scarf. ‘Officers are currently treating her disappearance as unexplained. Extensive enquiries are being carried out and a number of scenes are in place across the district whilst enquiries are ongoing.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.