We might have seen Neve Campbell play Sidney Prescott for the last time, as the actress won’t be back for Scream 6. Neve, 48, first appeared in the multi-million dollar franchise in the original 1996 flick, but has now revealed she ‘sadly’ won’t be making the next film due to salary issues. The news might surprise fans, since the Canadian actress has starred in five Scream films, including four sequels: Scream 2 (1997), Scream 3 (2000), Scream 4 (2011) and, most recently, Scream (2022). However, after everything she has ‘brought to the franchise,’ Neve does not believe her ‘value’ was reflected in the payment she was offered for a sixth film. ‘Sadly I won’t be making the next Scream film,’ she began to Deadline. ‘As a woman I have had to work extremely hard in my career to establish my value, especially when it comes to Scream. ‘I felt the offer that was presented to me did not equate to the value I have brought to the franchise.’ The Scream franchise has grossed over $744million (£59.5m) globally, with the latest instalment of the slasher films grossing $140million (£112m) at the box office, following a budget of $24million (£19m). For Scream 2022, Neve starred alongside Courteney Cox (who plays Gale Weathers) and David Arquette (Dewey Riley), who delighted fans by reprising their roles. Neve continued to reflect on her time in Scream, saying it was by no means an easy decision to cut ties. ‘It’s been a very difficult decision to move on. To all my Scream fans, I love you. You’ve always been so incredibly supportive to me,’ she expressed. ‘I’m forever grateful to you and to what this franchise has given me over the past 25 years.’ Despite exiting the world renowned franchise, Neve certainly isn’t short of offers, as she currently starring in Netflix series The Lincoln Lawyer. She is also said to be joining the cast of Twisted Metal on Peacock, where she’ll take on a recurring role of Raven. As for Scream 6, Hayden Panettiere will be back as Kirby Reed, a role viewers came to know and love in Scream 4. New cast members include Jenna Ortega, Melissa Barrera, Jasmin Savoy Brown and Mason Gooding, with Scream 6 hitting cinemas in March next year. The 2023 film will see the four survivors of the Ghostface killings leave Woodsboro and try to make a fresh start but, if we know anything about Scream, it won’t be that simple. Scream 6 opens in cinemas on March 31, 2023. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bradley Cooper and Matt Bomer share sweet kiss on set of Netflix biopic Maestro in New York City MORE : Everything I Know About Love writer Dolly Alderton semi-fictionalised series after arguments over her own character: ‘Bit of a headf**k’ 