Ozzy Osbourne is set to undergo major surgery in Los Angeles on Monday which will ‘determine the rest of his life’, according to his wife Sharon. The Black Sabbath star’s wife and manager revealed that she is jetting back to the US to be there for her husband as he has the operation. The singer, who contracted Covid-19 last month, has Parkinson’s disease and continues to battle other medical issues after injuries from a 2003 quad bike accident were aggravated when he fell at home in America in 2019. Appearing on her panel show The Talk on Friday, Sharon shared the news of Ozzy’s upcoming ‘major operation’ as she spoke to guest Vanessa Feltz. ‘He has a very major operation on Monday and I have to be there – it’s really going to determine the rest of his life,’ she explained. After the surgery, the 69-year-old revealed that there’s plenty to look forward to as son Jack’s baby daughter with fiancée Aree Gearheart is due ‘in about three weeks’, while she and Ozzy will be celebrating their 40th wedding anniversary on July 1st. Ozzy was last seen in public at the end of May as he visited Andrew Watt’s music studio in Beverly Hills, appearing frail but using a walking stick to get around. Ozzy has previously shared that he struggles to walk properly nowadays but is determined to keep making music and wants to get back on stage too. The musician last released a song in January 2020 in collaboration with Sir Elton John. It was the third single from his album Under the Graveyard, with his last solo single being Straight to Hell, released in November 2019. As for performing, his band’s The End Tour concluded in February 2017 with the final two gigs being played in the band’s native Birmingham. The 2019 fall dislodged metal rods in Ozzy’s spine that had been put in after his quad-bike accident 16 years previously, with the star set to undergo ‘major surgery’ at the end of last year. However, he admitted he was feeling a little ‘gun shy’ in October ahead of the surgery after his first surgeon ‘f****d up’ a previous procedure. Ozzy, who plans to build a studio at his home in England when he and Sharon relocate back home, has also applied for a ‘rehabilitation wing’ to be added to his country mansion in Buckinghamshire. The singer currently undergoes ‘physical therapy every morning’ as he deals with his neck issues. He’s been very candid about his drinking and drug addictions as well, saying he and ‘a lot of people’ will be ‘surprised he has made it this far.’ ‘At f***ing seventy-three I’ve done pretty well. I don’t plan on going anywhere, but my time’s going to come,’ he confessed to Classic Rock magazine. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Ozzy Osbourne for comment. The Talk airs on TalkTV weeknights at 9pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pregnant Kelly Osbourne celebrates one year of being sober: ‘Life is truly amazing’ MORE : Piers Morgan still haunting Good Morning Britain a year later as Richard Madeley makes walkout dig 