Harry Kane celebrated reaching 50 England goals as the Three Lions earned a 1-1 draw against an impressive Germany team in Munich on Tuesday. The home side dominated the first half with Gareth Southgate’s men unable to cope with Germany’s energetic and high-pressing system. And it looked like Hansi Flick’s team would take home the win after, an otherwise excellent, Jordan Pickford failed to save Jonas Hofman’s shot in the 50th minute. However, as the game neared its conclusion, Jack Grealish and Jarrod Bowen were subbed on to great effect, revitalising England’s attack and eventually the visitors earned themselves a penalty after VAR deemed that Kane had been brought down in the box by Nico Schlotterbeck. The Tottenham striker coolly sent Manuel Neuer the wrong way to reach a half-century of goals for his country and move him into outright second-place on the list of England’s all-time top goalscorers ahead of Sir Bobby Charlton. Kane is now just four goals away from overtaking Wayne Rooney’s record and the England captain was buzzing after the game despite the somewhat disappointing result. ‘I love scoring goals, I have always loved it especially for my country. Whenever I can help the team, I am glad to do that,’ the 28-year-old told Channel 4. ‘I had a couple of chances earlier, the first one was over the bar and Manuel Neuer made a good save for the second. We kept going and played our best football in the last half an hour. Good to get the goal and a shame not to nick it at the end. ‘It is really important to show the mentality, 1-0 behind we showed good character to get back into the game and get a result. We are playing against a very good Germany side. We still have important matches, but the World Cup will be here before we know it.’ England’s preparations for the Qatar World Cup in November aren’t exactly going to plan, with the draw against Germany and the loss to Hungary last Saturday meaning Southgate’s side are bottom of their Nations League group. But they will have a chance to change all of that in their next match against group leaders Italy which is due to be played on Saturday at Molineux. MORE : England fans arrested in Germany for Nazi salutes and mouthing off at police MORE : England and Tottenham captain Harry Kane hails ‘great player’ Tammy Abraham amid Arsenal links For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 