A resident who felt the force of the blast that killed a woman at a house in Birmingham has said it was a ‘miracle’ that no other lives were lost. Ehi Obor, 45, felt the explosion from his home a street away in Kingstanding and thought it was ‘either a gas explosion or Russia’. He arrived on the road moments later to find a scene of devastation and saw a man being rescued from the rubble by neighbours. Mr Obor said it was ‘heartbreaking’ to learn that a woman had been killed in the explosion but that he was amazed further lives had not been lost. In a video of the immediate aftermath taken by the neighbour, firefighters arrive at the scene after police repeatedly shout at people to get back. A women’s body was later found in the remains of the house after a suspected gas explosion on Sunday night. Mr Obor told Metro.co.uk: ‘It was like a bomb had gone off, it shook everything. At first I thought it was some kind of gas explosion or Russia. ‘I thought maybe Putin had gone crazy, it was in my far-fetched imagination because of how powerful the blast was, it shook everything. ‘I ran out to see what was going on and some people were running back into their houses because they were really scared. ‘I saw some other neighbours moving a man out of the building. ‘The windows had been blown out in the fitness centre opposite, which shows the force of the blast. ‘Things were strewn all over the place. There had been a man in a white Mercedes who was parked outside at the time the explosion happened. ‘Fortunately he had been in the vehicle, which was severely damaged, all the windows were blown out. ‘All the while we were asking if anyone was in the house and our fears were that the fire would jump into another building. ‘There was no information at that point and we were all holding our breaths and hoping and praying no one had been inside. ‘With the way the flames were taking hold we knew that no one could have survived. It is heartbreaking to learn that a neighbour lost her life and our hearts go out to her family.’ The support worker praised neighbours who intervened in the first seconds of the tragedy before emergency services arrived in Dulwich Road. ‘They were super, they responded before the police came,’ he said. ’That is the kind of community we have in Kingstanding, it has never been in doubt. ‘If it wasn’t for their quick actions more than one person would have died. ‘It is heartbreaking to learn of this tragedy but with the level of damage it is a miracle only one life was lost.’ A man who was rescued from the burning remains of the home remains in a life-threatening condition in hospital. He was pulled from the wreckage by a group of neighbours who entered the building after hearing cries for help. In an update, West Midlands Fire Service said today: ‘We’re very sad to confirm that a woman has been found dead at the scene of last night’s explosion in Kingstanding. ‘Our thoughts and sympathies are with everyone affected.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.