Kim Kardashian has revealed that her weight loss efforts have continued, following her Met Gala appearance. While on the red carpet at the exclusive bash last month, for which she controversially donned Marilyn Monroe’s iconic gown, she explained that she had lost 16lbs in order to fit into the dress – which could not be altered. During an appearance on the Today Show, in New York, the 41-year-old shared that she had gone even further in her transformation, dropping a further five pounds in weight. ‘I looked at it like a role and I really wanted to wear this dress,’ she told the hosts. ‘It was really important to me. ‘It actually taught me a lot about my lifestyle and my health.’ ‘Since then, afterwards, I continued to eat really healthy,’ she continued. ‘I’m down 21lbs. now. I’m not trying to lose any more weight, but I have more energy than ever. ‘I cut out so much sugar – a lot of junk food I was eating, I didn’t realize, like a lot of fried foods. And I just completely changed my lifestyle.’ Kim was spotted on the streets of New York ahead of the chat, looking as low-key as ever in a white crop-top and emblazoned Balenciaga trousers. She accessorized with a sparkly embellished bag, finishing off her look with futuristic sunglasses and heeled boots. The mom-of-four previously came under fire when she attended the Met Gala in Marilyn’s infamous dress – which she wore to serenade President John F Kennedy in 1962. In an interview on the red carpet, she was candid about the efforts she had gone to, in an effort to slim down for the outfit – detailing her strict diet, wearing a sauna suit twice a day, running on the treadmill and completely cutting out all sugar and carbs, and only eating the cleanest vegetables and protein. Despite sparking outrage, Kim later doubled down on her original comments during a chat with the New York Times, comparing herself to movie stars who undergo transformations for roles. ‘To me it was like, “Okay, Christian Bale can do it for a movie role and that is acceptable.” Even Renée Zellweger gained weight for a role. It’s all the same to me,’ she said. ‘I wasn’t saying, “Hey everyone, why don’t you go lose this weight in a short period of time?” ‘I didn’t do anything unhealthy.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kevin Costner opens up on difficulties of being away from children while filming Yellowstone: ‘The kids are growing up’ MORE : Harry Potter star Tom Felton almost had Dumbledore’s death spoiled for him after reading books too slowly 