Putin propagandists have rounded in on Boris Johnson after he mocked the Russian leader’s topless photos and ‘toxic masculinity’. In one particularly savage takedown, a Kremlin journalist branded the prime minister ‘chubby’, made a dig about partygate and claimed he was ‘jealous of Putin’s good shape’. The war of words kicked off earlier this week when the PM made a joke at his Russian counterpart’s expense, telling a G7 summit: ‘Shall we take our clothes off? We have to show we’re tougher than Putin.’ Canada’s Justin Trudeau then cited the dictator’s infamous photos of him riding a horse topless, saying, ‘We’re going to get the bare-chested horseback riding display’, before Mr Johnson quipped: ‘We’ve got to show them our pecs.’ The UK prime minister further angered Putin’s cheerleaders when he claimed the invasion of Ukraine would not have happened if the war criminal was a woman. Mr Johnson said: ‘If Putin was a woman, which he obviously isn’t, but if he were, I really don’t think he would’ve embarked on a crazy, macho war of invasion and violence in the way that he has. ‘If you want a perfect example of toxic masculinity, it’s what he’s doing in Ukraine.’ Putin today hit back at the comments, saying he would find it ‘disgusting’ to see G7 leaders mimic his topless displays. He also likened himself to Margaret Thatcher in the Falklands War to disprove Mr Johnson’s theory. Now, his army of propagandists have also jumped to his defence – taking aim at Boris Johnson. Olga Skabeyeva, known as Russia’s ‘Iron Doll’, said: ‘President Putin, even a long way away from [Boris] Johnson, haunts the British Prime Minister. ‘After G7 summit participants rejected his offer to undress and show Putin his pectoral muscles, Johnson said – and this is no joke – that Russia’s war against Ukraine would not have happened if Putin, as Johnson fantasises, had been a woman. ‘Allegedly the Russian president started the war solely because he feels macho. ‘I guess we can assume that chubby Boris with a woman-like figure – we saw those weird photos of him – is just jealous of the Russian president, who is in good shape.’ As she made the remarks on state TV, an image was shown of Mr Johnson running in a pair of bright pink shorts and a wolly hat , under a caption which said ‘Boris show us your pecs’. The image of the PM was superimposed next to Putin topless on a horse. Skabeyeva went on to make a dig about partygate, saying: ‘Boris is putting his complexes on display for all to see. ‘And Johnson may continue his alcoholic parties. ‘We know he’s got such a [habit]. At the NATO summit he had a drink and said some foolish things. ‘[Putin’s spokesman] said about Johnson’s words that Freud would have dreamt of having such a patient. ‘Of course, it is impossible not to agree with him.’ Skabeyeva was not the only propagandist struggling to let go of the UK prime minister’s comments. Lading cheerleader Vladimir Solovyov posted a bizarre rant which said: ‘Hi to Boris Johnson, who said that Vladimir Putin would not have started a special operation if he was a woman. ‘Boris seems to have specific (gender) attributes, but it’s hard to call him a man. ‘More likely he is a political transgender. ‘Amazing that the last man in British politics was a woman.’ Others delighted in reviving a crude tale Putin told in 2014 when he said: ‘We have this saying, it’s a bit crude, it’s about a grandma and a grandpa. ‘If a grandmother was to have male genitals, then she would have been a grandfather.’ A poster was promptly erected outside the British embassy in Moscow of Johnson as a female, though perhaps not a babushka (granny), and the message: ‘If granny had balls, she would be grandpa.’ The mocking of Boris Johnson marks a change from more sinister threats often made on state TV to nuke the UK. The prime minister appeared unphased by the criticism from Moscow today. He appeared to chuckle when asked about Putin’s jibe that seeing him topless would be ‘disgusting’. He responded to the barb by pointing instead to the ‘barbaric’ actions Putin had inflicted on Ukraine. He told Nato summit in Madrid: ‘He should think about the consequences of his barbaric actions, the way his invasion has actually brought the West together, Nato, G7, EU, look at the way people have come together. ‘If he wanted less Nato on his borders by getting into Ukraine, which by the way it was never remotely likely that Ukraine was going to join Nato any time in the foreseeable future, everybody knew that, it was completely mythical. ‘But instead, what he’s got is Sweden and Finland breaking their historic vows of neutrality because they’re so appalled and repelled by his violence and aggression. ‘I think that is an absolutely devastating comment on what he’s done and his behaviour.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.