Amber Heard has hit out at Johnny Depp’s lawyer Camile Vasquez for defending her ex-husband after the verdict in her trial against him. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor won the case against his ex-wife and has always denied allegations of violence against her, including in his testimony during the trial. Vasquez was one of Depp’s lead attorneys during his six-week defamation trial against Heard over an op-ed published by The Washington Post in 2018. The full one-hour interview will air on June 17 on NBC’s Today Show, as Heard sits down with interviewer Savannah Guthrie, as per NBC News. ‘In the closing arguments, the Depp lawyer [Vasquez] called your testimony “the performance of a lifetime,’ said Guthrie. ‘Says the lawyer for the man who convinced the world he had scissors for fingers,’ Heard seethed. ‘I’m the performer? I had listened to weeks of testimony insinuating, or saying quite directly, that I’m a terrible actress. So I’m a bit confused how I could be both.’ Heard also accused Depp’s lawyers, Vasquez and her associate Benjamin Chew, of trying to ‘distract the jury from the real issues’ during the trial, acknowledging that they had ‘done a better job of that’ than her own legal team. In the NBC preview, the actress says: ‘Even somebody who is sure I am deserving of all this hate and vitriol, even if you think I’m lying, you still couldn’t look me in the eye and tell me that you think on social media there’s been a fair representation. ‘You cannot tell me that you think this has been fair.’ Speaking on the jury’s verdict, she added: ‘I don’t blame them. ‘I actually understand. He’s a beloved character and people feel they know him. He’s a fantastic actor.’ During the trial, there was social media speculation suggesting Vasquez was dating her Hollywood client, which she has now addressed. ‘I guess it comes with the territory of being a woman just doing her job,’ she told People as she denied claims. ‘It’s disappointing that certain outlets kind of ran with it or said that my interactions with Johnny — who is a friend and I’ve known and represented for four-and-a-half years now — that my interactions in any way were inappropriate or unprofessional. That’s disappointing to hear.’ The lawyer noted she cares ‘very deeply’ about her clients and insisted the ‘entire team’ became closer during the proceedings. ‘And, I’m Cuban and Colombian. I’m tactile. What do you want me to say? I hug everyone. And I’m not ashamed about that,’ she added. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 