Manchester City and Newcastle United today agreed huge transfer deals, with Leeds United midfielder Kalvin Phillips heading to the Etihad and Sven Botman set for a move to St James’ Park. Man City clinched a third Premier League title in four years last season but are not resting on their laurels, completing a stunning deal for Norway striker Erling Haaland earlier in the month. As well as signing a new striker, Pep Guardiola also wanted City to bring in a replacement for the outgoing Fernandinho, making England star Phillips his top target. Phillips, who was superb for England at Euro 2020, also attracted interest from Manchester United but favoured a move to Manchester City as he does not want to ruin his relationship with Leeds. Man City have now agreed a £45m deal to sign Phillips, with BBC Sport saying £42m will be paid up front and a potential £3m in add-ons. The news may come as a blow to those connected to Man United, with former Red Devils defender John O’Shea saying recently that Phillips should snub Man City to join the Old Trafford club instead. He told Paddy Power: ‘Despite links to Man City, Kalvin Phillips should think about the other side of Manchester! ‘He has done well for England and really well for Leeds and I know it would create more controversy if he headed for the red side of Manchester but it’s definitely an area that United would be looking at.’ Phillips, 26, has made 234 appearances for boyhood club Leeds United and has 23 caps for England. Meanwhile, Newcastle are set to sign Dutch defender Botman in a £35m deal from Lille, according to Sky Sports. Botman, 22, has been linked with a move to St James’ Park since the start of the year and will now travel to Tyneside for a medical and to finalise personal terms. Newcastle United looked set to be involved in a relegation battle last season but improved drastically after Eddie Howe’s appointment, climbing to 11th in the Premier League. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 