It’s safe to say Liam Llewelyn’s dad has certainly been keeping up to date with what’s been happening on Love Island so far. It’s been a tough few days for Welsh student Liam after bombshell Davide Sanclimenti coupled up with Gemma Owen at the end of Tuesday’s episode. This meant Liam, 22, was left single and vulnerable, but that doesn’t mean he’s giving up. Many fans weren’t too thrilled over Gemma’s ‘rude’ demeanour during Monday’s debut, and Liam’s father David Llewellyn – who is a former Wales international rugby union player – revealed what he would say to her dad, aka football legend Michael Owen. ‘He’s a footballer, I’m a rugby player,’ he said. ‘I hope he doesn’t fall over when I shake his hand.’ Jokes aside, David – who was also part of the Wales squad for the 1999 World Cup where he won four caps for the national team – later showed love for his son despite getting off to a rocky start. ‘Whether he wins or not he’s a true gentleman and he’s coming across lovely, he’s a top young man,’ he added during an interview on Heart South Wales, Woody & Jagger show. However, Liam’s luck could be about to change as tonight episode will see him head on two dates with new girls Affia Tonkmor and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu During yesterday’s programme Davide explained to Liam why he’d decided to couple up with Gemma. He said: ‘I had to do it, don’t take it personally. To be honest, we spoke on the terrace as well and we were laughing a lot.’ ‘I was a bit gutted. It’s a punch in the stomach type feeling. You never want that,’ Liam said. Ekin-Su, 27, is originally from Essex and works as an actress, while Afia, 25, who’s from London, works as a lounge host at a private members’ club. But the question is, will Liam find a connection with either – or both – of the new arrivals? Or will he continue in his pursuit of Gemma. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Laura Whitmore shares rare photos of daughter Stevie after returning to work on Love Island and the little one has grown MORE : Love Island fans spot fishmonger Luca Bish wearing fish shoes – and we have to applaud him for his bold fashion choice 