Lily Allen has said people shouldn’t have to justify having an abortion and that many, including herself, just didn’t want a baby. The singer spoke out on the overturning of Roe v Wade after 50 years, which guaranteed the right to an abortion in every state in the USA, after she joined Olivia Rodrigo for her Glastonbury set with the pair addressing the Supreme Court. Lily, 37, wrote: ‘I wish people would stop posting examples of exceptional reasons for having abortions. ‘Most people I know, myself included, just didn’t want to have a f**king baby AND THAT IS REASON ENOUGH! WE DON’T HAVE TO JUSTIFY IT. ‘It shouldn’t have to be said, and I think all these examples just play into the hands of the baddies’. Lily also spoke out about the overturning at Glastonbury, as she joined Olivia for her set, with the pair dedicating Lily’s song F**k You to the Supreme Court. Joined on stage by Lily, Olivia, 19, began: ‘I’m very excited for this next one.’ ‘Hello Glastonbury,’ Lily cried, before Olivia continued: ‘Today is a very, very special day. This is actually my first Glastonbury, and I’m sharing the stage with Lily which is the biggest dream come true ever. ‘But I’m also equally as heartbroken.’ She then went on to address Roe v Wade, saying: ‘I’m devastated and terrified and so many women and so many girls are going to die because of this. ‘I wanted to dedicate this next song to the five members of the Supreme Court who have showed us that at the end of the day, they truly don’t give a s**t about freedom. ‘This song goes out to the Justices.’ Many other stars, including Viola Davis, Billie Eilish, Michelle Obama and Lizzo, have spoken out about the ruling. Lily has two daughters, Ethel, 10, and Marnie, nine, with her ex-husband, Sam Cooper. The pair married in 2011 before splitting in 2016. Lily’s now married to Stranger Things star David Harbour. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lily Allen didn’t know if she’d be able to stay sober for iconic Glastonbury performance with Olivia Rodrigo MORE : Glastonbury viewers unimpressed as BBC cuts Olivia Rodrigo’s fierce Roe v Wade duet with Lily Allen on iPlayer 