Some people who arrive in the UK in small boats or the back of lorries will be electronically tagged under a Home Office trial. The department said the 12-month pilot, which began on Wednesday, will test whether electronic monitoring is an effective way to give immigration bail. It is part of the Government’s crackdown on people using ‘unnecessary and dangerous routes’ to arrive in the country. The Home Office hopes to break the business model of exploitative people smugglers who expose their passengers to dangerous conditions. But activists say criminalising people based on their mode of arrival is not the way forward and betrays the very principle of asylum. The Government hit a stumbling block on Tuesday when the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) granted an injunction that grounded a deportation flight to Rwanda. Britain has struck a deal with the East African country, offering £120million for economic development in exchange for taking in asylum seekers who’ve arrived ‘illegally’. The UK has also promised to take the most ‘vulnerable refugee populations’ from Rwanda if they can’t be accommodated properly there. Home Secretary Priti Patel accused the ECHR of being politically motivated in its ‘absolutely scandalous’ intervention. Meanwhile Justice Secretary Dominic Raab suggested new laws could ensure that interim measures from the Strasbourg court could effectively be ignored by the Government. The first to be tagged under the bail programme were likely to be those who had avoided being removed to Rwanda, the BBC reports. The Home Office said the trial will test whether tagging aids regular contact with those given bail and progresses their claims more effectively. Those tagged will have to regularly report in person to authorities, may be subject to a curfew or excluded from certain locations, and failure to comply could see them returned to detention or prosecuted. It comes after new figures revealed the number of people crossing the Channel to reach Britain this year has passed 11,000. Analysis of Ministry of Defence data shows 11,092 people have been brought to shore by Border Force or the RNLI after being rescued from small boats in the Channel, the world’s busiest shipping lane. On Thursday, 146 people on four small boats were brought to Britain. The daily number has been decreasing steadily throughout the week after a high of 444 on Tuesday. That was the highest number since 562 on April 14. At least 48 people were brought ashore at Dover on Thursday, including women and children as well as adult men. Warm weather and calm seas this week may have encouraged an increase in attempted crossings. With 13 days of June left to go the number of people crossing the Channel is almost double this time last year. By the end of June 2021, 5,911 people had made the crossing so far that year. Analysis shows 341 boats have been used in Channel crossings so far this year, with an average of 32 people on board each one. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.