Thousands of Pride protesters came together for an LGBTQ+ rally in Oslo days after two people were killed in a mass shooting outside a gay bar. The demonstrators defied requests from Norwegian police to cancel the event amid fears for a reprise attack. They held up signs saying ‘you can’t cancel us’ and ‘sexual freedom’ to remind the capital city that Pride is not a party but a protest. More than 20 people were wounded in the early hours of Saturday morning after a gunman opened fire in Oslo’s nightlife district, in what was described as an ‘Islamist terror act’. Witnesses said the attacker took out a gun from his bag and started firing at three venues. ‘First I thought it was an air gun,’ journalist Olav Roenneberg said. ‘Then the glass of the bar next door was shattered and I understood I had to run for cover.’ Zaniar Matapour was arrested minutes after the shooting and held on suspicion of murder, attempted murder and terrorism. The 43-year-old Norwegian citizen, who is originally from Iran, has not offered any explanation to detectives. Prosecutor Ingvild Myrold said they had ‘many hypotheses’ regarding a motive although police have unsuccessfully tried to question the suspect for three days. ‘We take a closer look at his mental health, his political motives and background and possibly who else he may have had contact with before this happened,’ she told the Associated Press. ‘We do not exclude anything. But now the accusation is about pure terror incident.’ Tributes have poured in from people across Europe following the attack. Peter Tatchell, human rights campaigner, tweeted in response: ‘This is why we still need Pride. ‘Sincere condolences to the victims and loved ones of those murdered in Oslo. The price of queer freedom is eternal vigilance!’ Police had requested that all Pride events be indefinitely postponed yesterday because they remained a target. ‘We know that this can be big, and as long as we have such an unresolved threat situation, we cannot recommend that [the march] be implemented,’ Oslo police chief Martin Strand said. After the attack, Norway’s security agency raised the threat scale from moderate to its highest level. They said the move ‘implies that there has been a terrorist attack and that there is an unresolved situation’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 