Andy Murray’s wife Kim shared her support for Dame Deborah James while watching on the first day of Wimbledon, donning one of the star’s charity T-shirts. Kim watched from the stands as her husband Andy took on James Duckworth, with the star donning a ‘Rebellious Hope’ T-shirt as she looked on. Seated next to her mother-in-law Judy Murray, who she greeted with a hug, Kim, 34, paired the tee with jeans and bracelets, wearing her wavy hair down. Dame Deborah, aka Bowelbabe, is currently receiving end-of-life care amid her battle with bowel cancer and released her ‘Rebellious Hope’ T-shirts in May. She partnered with In The Style for the line, with 100% of the profits going to the Bowelbabe fund for Cancer Research UK. Earlier this month, she revealed that the collection has raised more than £1million for the fund. Dame Deborah wrote on Instagram: ‘WOW!! ONE MILLION POUNDS. I am honestly so overwhelmed we, through @inthestyle raised over £1,000,000 for @bowelbabefund for @cr_uk! ‘All from sales of the ITS x Dame Deborah James collection and ‘Rebellious Hope’ T-shirts that I designed with @inthestyle. (One million, that’s just crazy).’ She added: ‘I got a lovely little visit yesterday from the @inthestyle founder @fr15by and his partner @thejamiecorbett who brought this lovely cheque and we have had a little toast to celebrate it.’ Musing on their initial goal of £50,000, she continued: ‘I just can’t believe it! What’s funny is when @inthestyle released the first t-shirt we both said how incredible £50k raised would be so for me to still be here and see it’s over £1mil is just so incredible!’ ‘Rebellious Hope is what has got me through the last few years and it’s what is keeping me going now! Seeing all your messages, tags and support has just been the best and I am so grateful that we have been able to do this together! Thank you all.’ Her ‘rebellious hope’ T-shirt was the first part of the clothing collection made available, released in May in a variety of colours. The T-shirts retail from £15 to £18, with 100% of the proceeds – a minimum of £7.08 per top bought – going to her fund. The Bowelbabe fund, which has raised more than £6million, is raising money for areas of cancer research that Dame Deborah is particularly passionate about, with the description explaining that it will ‘fund clinical trials and research into personalised medicine for cancer patients and support campaigns to raise awareness of bowel cancer.’ Dame Deborah, 40, has been keeping fans up to date with her activities while receiving end-of-life care, which have included a secret visit to the Chelsea Flower Show to see the rose named after her and a trip to the opera. She also made it out to Royal Ascot, after previously voicing her surprise at still being alive, and has shared the plans for her book to be published later this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Deborah James’ mum shares pride as Tesco adds bowel cancer symptoms to loo roll packs MORE : The Big Questions: Davina McCall on Big Brother’s return, being in awe of Dame Deborah James and her daughters going on Love Island 