An estate agent was spared jail after calling a Sikh police officer a ‘Muslim c*** with a turban’ following a football match. Laurie Kavanagh, 37, watched Chelsea and Manchester United play in the Premier League on November 28 last year. He watched them play out a 1-1 draw at Stamford Bridge and then left, but started to become drunk and aggressive. Kavanagh, who has been head of residential sales for estate agents Myddelton & Major in Salisbury since 2020, also threatened to rape a female police officer. Southwark Crown Court heard how the defendant was initially asked to leave the area before police were forced to tackle him to the ground. Kavanagh had shouted: ‘I’ll bring a pack of pikies round your house and rape you.’ He kicked out at officers and shouted at a police sergeant he would ‘send his boys round his house’ to kill the officer and his family. He boasted about his £50,000 a year salary and told officers he paid their wages. When he was put in the back of a police van he then started verbally abusing PC Harjod Premi, calling him ‘the Muslim c*** with a turban’. PC Natalia Burke told the court in a victim impact statement: ‘I was the only female officer on the scene and the verbal abuse was focused on me. ‘It disappointed me that my gender appeared to be at the heart of the issue and was used against me in this way.’ Kavanagh, representing himself, said: ‘I accept that my behaviour was completely unacceptable and I am extremely remorseful. ‘I have made the biggest mistake of my life and I have severely compromised my career. I apologise to you and the police.’ He added: ‘I may lose my job today.’ The South Street, Salisbury resident admitted two counts of threatening and abusive behaviour, and one of religiously aggravated intentional harassment. Ms Recorder Corraine Sadd sentenced him to 300 hours of community service to be carried out in the next 12 months, calling the offences ‘serious’. He must also stop drinking alcohol for 60 days, and wear an alcohol monitoring device. He must also pay £150 in compensation to each police officer he abused – £450 in total – plus £535 in court costs. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.