A family’s dream Disney holiday has been ‘ruined’ after their flight was cancelled ‘for no reason.’ Kelly Matthews had saved thousands of pounds to afford the trip for her and her son, nine-year-old Noah, and mother Mandy. The trio arrived at Bristol Airport decked out in full Disney-inspired Mickey Mouse ears, ready for their holiday in Paris. But it soon emerged their flights had been cancelled ‘for no reason.’ Kelly, an intensive care nurse at Glangwili Hospital in Wales, already had rescheduled the flight once due to travel restrictions. The trip was meant to be a chance to spend quality time with Noah and Mandy. Kelly, from Saundersfoot in Pembrokeshire, insists they checked their flight status before leaving. She said: ‘When we got to the airport I then checked the app again. ‘This time it said it had been cancelled, with no reason given. ‘So it was cancelled in the time it took us to get from west Wales to Bristol, and just four hours before it was due to take off. ‘We tried to get on another flight but they were all fully booked; we tried to see if we could get to Paris from a different airport but it just wasn’t possible.’ The holiday cost Kelly £2,000 and would have seen them stay at a hotel near the Disney Resort between May 26 and May 29. But due to the cancellation, the family had to drive back home to Wales with their dream holiday in ruins. Kelly, 35, has since heard that easyJet cancelled the flight at such short notice due to ‘crew issues’. To make matters worse, Disneyland won’t refund her the cost of the tickets to the park because she did not cancel or reschedule within a 72-hour window. Meanwhile, she’s also lost the money from their accommodation in Paris, as the hotel maintains their failure to arrive wasn’t the hotel’s fault. She said: ‘I worked hard throughout the pandemic and my mum helped me so much with childcare – I just wanted to say thanks with this trip. ‘And Noah was so excited. We were all head-to-toe in Disney stuff at the airport – we had the ears and the T-shirts on and everything! Now I’m fighting just to get my money back; whether I will or not I don’t know.’ Kelly and her family were able to enjoy a holiday of sorts as they managed to arrange a last-minute break at the popular Bluestone resort in Pembrokeshire. But it didn’t manage to entirely distract from the lost trip. ‘We were looking forward to taking Noah to Disneyland so much,’ Kelly added. ‘The worst thing is, nobody is taking any responsibility for it, and there was no help from easyJet at all. ‘Even if they refund the flight, I want the holiday that I worked so hard for and it’s been taken away.’ EasyJet has been asked by Metro.co.uk for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.