Uefa has apologised to Liverpool and Real Madrid fans who were caught up in distressing scenes at the Champions League final. Liverpool fans were targeted by heavy-handed policing on Saturday night, locked out of turnstiles with some supporters – including children – tear gassed by French police as they attempted to legally enter the Stade de France. The match, which Real won 1-0, was delayed by 36 minutes as a result of the chaos. Uefa announced on Tuesday they had launched an independent review into access issues. European football’s governing body has now released a further statement apologising to fans. The statement read: ‘UEFA wishes to sincerely apologise to all spectators who had to experience or witness frightening and distressing events in the build-up to the UEFA Champions League final at the Stade de France on 28 May 2022 in Paris, on a night which should have been a celebration of European club football. ‘No football fan should be put in that situation, and it must not happen again. ‘To that end, immediately after the events, UEFA commissioned an Independent Review to identify shortcomings and responsibilities of all entities involved in the organisation of the final, and has today published the Terms of Reference for this review. ‘The Independent Review, which will be led by Dr Tiago Brandao Rodrigues from Portugal, aims at understanding what happened in the build-up to the final, and determining what lessons should be learned to ensure there is no repeat of the actions and events of that day.’ French authorities and Uefa initially blamed the late arrival of Liverpool fans and fake tickets for the chaotic scenes outside the stadium. A French government spokesman this week told the press that ‘no drama’ and ‘no injuries’ occurred at the venue, despite mountains of video evidence and testimonies to the contrary. MORE : Why French government ministers are telling constant mistruths about Liverpool fans MORE : French government claims ‘no drama, no injuries’ done to Liverpool fans at Stade de France For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 