Tonight, a star-studded concert is being held in Queen Elizabeth II’s honour outside Buckingham Palace to celebrate her Platinum Jubilee, boasting performers from Queen to Eurovision’s Sam Ryder. However, the Queen was the undisputed star of the show when the concert began, starring in a pre-recorded skit with none other than Paddington Bear. The monarch does have experience with showing off her acting skills, having appeared in a James Bond sequence for the London 2012 Olympics opening ceremony. A decade later, and she’s still just as comfortable in front of the camera, sitting down for some afternoon tea with the beloved animated bear – and people watching the programme at home absolutely loved the cute interaction. At one point, Paddington accidentally splattered some food on a butler’s face, before revealing he had a marmalade sandwich stashed away for safekeeping. The Queen then did one better, unclasping her handbag on the table to reveal she had a sandwich of her own. The first artist to perform on stage for the Jubilee concert was Queen, with Adam Lambert singing as lead in place of the late Freddie Mercury. As the music began, the Queen and Paddington tapped their cutlery in time with the music. People on Twitter couldn’t get over the pair’s unexpected scene, with one writing: ‘Omg paddington with the queen…… so cute.’ ‘I literally hate living here but watching the literal Queen interact with Paddington is making me cheese a little bit LMAOO it’s cute!’ someone else remarked. One person described the opening skit as ‘pure gold’, while someone else said: ‘Honestly the Queen and Paddington is the best thing I’ve ever seen.’ Another person seemed to be in disbelief by what they’d just witnessed, stating: ‘The queen and paddington bear is this a fever dream.’ ‘Go on the queen, having a marmalade sandwich with Paddington Bear,’ one person commented. ‘Paddington and the Queen? Priceless!’ another quipped. The line-up for the Platinum Jubilee concert is extensive to say the least, boasting stars including Diana Ross, Craig David, Hans Zimmer and Diversity. There will be a pre-recorded performance from Sir Elton John, while stars including Sir David Attenborough, Emma Raducanu, David Beckham, Stephen Fry, Dame Julie Andrews, The Royal Ballet, and Ellie Simmonds will also be appearing. The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee concert is airing on BBC One and will be available to watch on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : How to watch the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee concert if you weren’t one of the lucky 22,000 people to get tickets MORE : Bear Grylls hails ‘incredible’ trans Scout while presenting surprise award at Jubilee Street Party 