Summer is finally here, so it’s time to think about sun protection. But we’re not just talking about skin. For years skincare talk has dominated the beauty industry (and still does), but looking after your scalp and hair in the heat is just as important. Scalps and hairlines are often overlooked but being at the highest point of your body, they are prone to burning. Make scalp care a priority with our tips on how to give your head and hair some TLC this summer. Most people don’t use a traditional sun cream on their scalp because it leaves their hair greasy. But it’s important to use SPF protection on your head. Research has found that the most fatal melanoma skin cancers occur on the scalp – often because they are spotted later due to the fact they are hidden under hair. This means that cancer has had longer to develop and has often spread faster because the scalp is rich in blood vessels and lymphatics. Thankfully, there are plenty of products on the market specifically designed for scalp care – so you can sunbathe safely. Sprays are perhaps the easiest products to apply – they’re also great for keeping in a beach bag, in case a top up is needed after a swim. A product with great reviews is the Nuxe Sun Milky Oil, which is a water-resistant spray that protects both the scalp and hair. Most people are familiar with putting powder on your face but it works a treat for scalps too. In fact, there are a number of powder products with SPF which can be applied to hairlines and partings to protect against the sun. They’re a safe, non-greasy alternative to sunscreen. Sunforgettable Brush-On Powder has SPF 50 and protects against UVA and UVB. It comes in five different shades too. Make sure you cover exposed areas like partings, hairlines and your forehead with SPF, just like you would with skin. Otherwise sections will be left exposed to the sun and you’ll be left with a peeling parting as well as a flaky scalp. The best way to avoid burning these exposed areas – and to prevent burning in general – is to avoid the sun when UV is at its highest, which is usually the middle of the day between 11am-2pm. It may sounds simple, but tying your hair up will conceal your scalp, protecting it from harmful UV rays. An up-do such as a top-knot or slicked back ponytail will help to fully cover your scalp. Just be aware that areas such as your forehead, neck and ears may be exposed with hair tied up, so be sure to apply sun cream generously.   It might seem like it’s stating the obvious, but hats and hairbands create a literal barrier between your head and the sun. Hats also shield your face from the sun, making your head all the more cooler. A combination of sun, salt and chlorine can not only dry hair out but can cause serious damage too. The best way to prevent it is to rinse hair after getting out of the pool or sea. It’s also worth noting that dry hair absorbs chlorine and salt, but wet hair doesn’t – so rising hair with fresh water before you enter the pool or sea will stop this from happening. Hair protection is big in the beauty industry so there are ample products which can help. Phillip Kingsley’s Swimcap is a safe bet – it’s a water-resistant mask that shields hair from chlorinated and salt water. Just like skin, hair can burn. In fact, studies have shown that sun exposure is the most damaging factor for the structure of hair – so it’s important to take protective measures. Bumble and Bumble’s Hairdresser’s Invisible Oil is a great choice for heat and UV protection as well as L’oreal Serie Expert Solar Sublime Conditioning Spray, which is designed with a UV filter. It also creates a lightweight protective film around hair to lock in hydration. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the coolest travel destinations to get yourself to this summer MORE : Experts say you can ‘supercharge’ your SPF by pairing it with vitamin C MORE : Can you double up on your sunscreen to increase the SPF?