Matthew Perry was spotted out and about on Memorial Day enjoying his new high-end Aston Martin sports car, and who can blame him? The Friends star and car enthusiast got behind the wheel of his Aston Martin Vantage V8 Roadster, which retails for an eye-watering $145,000 (£115,000) or thereabouts, on Monday for a drive around Los Angeles. With the weather as reliably sunny as usual, the 17 Again actor was able to don a pair of retro-style sunglasses as he cruised in his car, looking relaxed as he drove the sleek black car. Running some errands, the 52-year-old was dressed in a laidback outfit of plain black T-shirt, blue tracksuit bottoms and white laceless Converse trainers. At one point, he parked up his car to hop out and attend to his to-do list. This is the second time this month that Matthew has been spotted making a casual outing, and he’s usually one to keep things very low-key if he makes a public appearance. He was seen grabbing a coffee in Beverley Hills at the beginning of May in a similar comfortable outfit and sporting a slight beard and moustache, which seem to have gone now. Matthew previously grabbed a McDonald’s with a mystery brunette last month, marked the first time he had been pictured in public since October 2021, when he was on a coffee run in Los Feliz, California. The star has recently been keeping himself busy writing, after previously announcing plans to release his autobiography, titled Friends, Lovers and the Big Terrible Thing. The memoir promises to be a ‘juicy’ read, as the actor will treat fans to a candid insight into his colourful life and career, including his addiction battle and his time on Friends alongside Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox, David Schwimmer, Matt LeBlanc and Lisa Kudrow. Announcing the book – which is due out in November – on Instagram, Matthew said at the time: ‘So much has been written about me in the past. I thought it was time people heard from me. ‘The highs were high, the lows were low. But I have lived to tell the tale, even though at times it looked like I wouldn’t. And it’s all in here. I apologise it’s not a pop-up book.’ ‘It wasn’t always a bed of roses for Matthew on and off the Friends set,’ a source told Us Weekly shortly after the actor proudly showed off the cover of his book. They also added that he wasn’t ‘going to sugarcoat the tougher times that he went through with the cast’ in his writing. Friends ran for 10 years and 10 seasons, from 1994 to 2004, and made its cast the highest-paid TV actors in the world at the time. The cast reunited for a highly-anticipated reunion last May. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Hank Azaria responds to dead-on Gary Neville comparison with Friends character David MORE : The McCrary Sisters singer Deborah McCrary dies aged 67 as Carrie Underwood pays tribute 