A man returning from his honeymoon was stunned to find he’d been fined nearly £900 for leaving his car in the wrong airport car park. Scott Avery, 51, had paid £120 for Manchester Airport’s Meet and Greet service ahead of his two-week honeymoon in Egypt. When he arrived with his new wife on May 30, the car park was full and a staff member told him ‘you can’t come in here mate’. After being told to leave their vehicle in the Terminal 2 West Car Park, the couple dropped it off and headed to check-in. Despite the ‘nightmare’ airport chaos ravaging the UK, they say ‘everything worked like clockwork’ and they flew away without giving the situation a second thought. Speaking about the moment he went to pick up his car after landing back in the UK, Scott said: ‘I put the token in the machine and that came up, £870. I thought, what the b***dy hell is that?’ Manchester Airport argued that Scott parked in the wrong car park, adding ‘all our car parks are clearly signposted’. Bosses fortunately agreed to waive the fee ‘on this occasion’ as he already had a Meet and Greet booking in the system. But the newlywed now wants to warn others to not be caught by the parking mishap. ‘I wouldn’t have paid it, not a chance I would pay that’, he said. ‘We were already warned about it before we got back which was good because if I’d have got back and that would have come up, my head would have fell off.’ The ‘Meet and Greet’ option promises customers that they don’t need to ‘worry about finding a space’ as staff will take care of their vehicle and parking. A spokesperson for Manchester airport said: ‘It appears Mr Avery has inadvertently parked in the incorrect car park on arrival at Manchester Airport and gone on his holiday. ‘Upon return on exiting the car park, the system generated what the amount would be for 14 days turn up parking. ‘As he had a Meet and Greet booking in the system and as a goodwill gesture, our teams waived the turn up fee on this occasion. ‘All our car parks are clearly signposted, and we’d always encourage all passengers to prepare for their airport journey prior to coming to the site.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.