Kelly Brook is reportedly set for a dream summer wedding after secretly getting engaged to longtime partner Jeremy Parisi. The former Big Breakfast presenter has been in a relationship with the model for seven years. They met in 2014 after Kelly, 42, saw Jeremy, 37, in an Instagram video and slid into his DMs. Kelly’s Instagram followers will have noticed the couple enjoying a stunning holiday in Italy this week, and sources claim they’re actually looking for the perfect venue to host their wedding in July. Details of the proposal are yet to be revealed with a source claiming Kelly played coy about the engagement, as she wanted to keep it between her and Jeremy. However, their loved ones will no doubt be receiving wedding invitations soon as they’re reportedly set to tie the knot in just a matter of weeks. ‘This wedding is something she has dreamt of her whole life but it will be equally as low-key as her engagement — which she has kept under wraps for a while now,’ an insider told The Sun. ‘Kelly and Jeremy could not be happier.’ The source continued: ‘They kept it quiet for as long as they could. But they’re happy and can’t wait to make it official. ‘They flew out to Italy this week to try and settle on the perfect location, but it’s going to be a low-key wedding — very romantic and just with closest family and friends.’ Kelly shared loved-up photos of her and Jeremy in the gorgeous town of Frosinone in Lazio, as well as Montalcino in Tuscany and Florence. The source said that Rome and Lake Como are also options and that the couple will make a decision in the coming days. The actress and model has kept her relationship mostly out of the spotlight, but she did share a glimpse into their romance after celebrating their seventh anniversary in April. Speaking on her Heart FM Drivetime Show, Kelly revealed: ‘He put together a really lovely photo album of all his favourite pictures and moments. He’s done it every year for the past seven years. ‘He’s definitely the most romantic of the two of us. He’s Italian and French, so what can I say?’ It’s not yet known who popped the question but Kelly previously revealed that she proposed to Jeremy in 2020, only for him to say no. ‘When we were in Antigua and the sun was setting and we were up at Shirley Heights I said to Jeremy, “Will you marry me?” He said, “Be quiet, there are people around”,’ Kelly recalled on her radio show. ‘So I tried to propose but he said it was too busy and told me to be quiet! I’ve asked him, but it wasn’t private enough.’ Kelly has been engaged three times in the past, to actors Jason Statham and Billy Zane, and Gladiators star David McIntosh. She has also been in relationships with rugby players Danny Cipriani and Thom Evans. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Kelly’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katherine Ryan confronted ‘predator’ every day while working on popular TV show: ‘What am I supposed to do?’ MORE : Britney Spears set to ‘marry fiance Sam Asghari today’ but parents and sister Jamie Lynn ‘not invited’ 