The teenager who helped kill five-year-old Logan Mwangi has finally been unmasked as ‘pure evil’ schoolboy Craig Mulligan. The 14-year-old was found guilty of murdering the defenceless little boy alongside his dad John Cole, 40, and Logan’s mum Angharad Williamson, 31. Mulligan moved into the family home just five days before Logan’s lifeless body was found dumped in a river with injuries likened to a ‘severe car crash’ in July last year. Prosecutors said the timing of the move and Logan’s tragic death was ‘no coincidence’. The teenager has been described as ‘monster’ who made repeated threats to kill his five-year-old stepbrother and gleefully chanted about his love of harming young children. Previously, Mulligan could not be named due to being under 18, which granted him automatic anonymity unless a judge chose to lift it. Judge Mrs Justice Jefford said it was of ‘significant public interest’ to know why Mulligan had been placed into the family home. Mulligan’s former foster parents described him as ‘pure evil’ and had recently begged social services to take him away from them. The trial heard the Finch family had been looking after children for more than 40 years and never ended a placement early before coming into contact with Mulligan. Clive Finch said he was ‘terrified’ of Mulligan and he ‘feared for the safety of my family’ after the horror film-obsessed teen threatened to kill them all. His daughter Rhianna said she heard Mulligan make repeated threats to kill Logan while living with them – including chillingly on the week he was allowed to move into the five-year-old’s home. But Miss Finch said she did not raise the specific concerns about Logan because Mulligan was ‘always talking about killing people’ and was ‘obsessed with killing’. She told police she was scared of Mulligan – and when he asked her to meet him alone by a river she refused out of fear. Concerns were further raised after he asked two young girls if they wanted to play a ‘murder game’ and said they would have to get inside black bin bags. The jury was told how the powerfully-built teenager would offer to fight adults visiting the house and pushed over Mr Finch as well as Rhianna, who suffers severe health problems. He also sprayed deodorant into the eyes of the family dog and pulled it up by its back legs after it had an operation on its pelvis. Although he spoke fondly of his stepfather, stepmother and youngest sibling, the family said they noticed he would only refer to Logan as ‘the five-year-old’ and spoke of wanting to kill him. They said he had a ‘desire for violence’, and called him a ‘monster’ in submissions to the court. But when Mr Finch and his wife Gillian, an experienced foster mum, told Mulligan’s social worker Debbie Williams of their fears she is said to have ‘brushed them off’. Mr Finch said: ‘I was so afraid for the safety of my family I called Debbie Williams myself and explained my concerns with her on numerous occasion. ‘I was terrified of him and what he might be capable of. ‘He told me he wanted to punch my lights out and kill me and my wife.’ Debbie Williams was also accused of ignoring requests for meetings with Logan’s social worker to discuss her concerns over Mulligan’s potential move to the family home. Mulligan was under the care of Bridgend Council Social Services after being removed from the home of his birth mother Rebecca Trudgill who had previously assaulted him. The court heard he ‘idolised’ step-dad John Cole, 40, who he called his father and was desperate to move in with. Mulligan moved into the family home in Sarn, Bridgend, in July 2021 after Cole and Williamson successfully applied for custody of him. Their bid was approved by the family courts – despite Logan being on the child protection register. Logan, described in court as a ‘smiling, cheerful little boy’, was discovered in the River Ogmore in Pandy Park, Bridgend, South Wales, on the morning of July 31, 2021. Police found him partially submerged, wearing dinosaur pyjama bottoms and a Spider-Man top, just 250 metres from his home. He had suffered 56 external injuries to his head, face, torso arms and legs from ‘blunt force trauma’. This included a fractured shoulder, extensive bleeding to the scalp and back of his head and a significant trauma to the brain. Logan had been so battered even his tongue was bruised but tragically he was still alive for several hours after his liver and bowel were torn. Experts said the injuries could have only been caused by a ‘brutal and sustained assault’ inflicted on Logan in the hours, or days, prior his death Hours before Logan was found, Mulligan was captured on CCTV cameras following Cole out of the flat and down to the river where they dumped Logan’s body. He also joined in carrying out a visible, fake search for Logan as part of the family’s cover-up, which included Logan’s mum ‘hyperventilating’ down the phone when she rang the police to falsely claim he’d gone missing. All three of Logan’s killers were handed life sentences today. Cole was jailed for at least 29 years, while Williamson was ordered to serve a minimum term of 28 years. Mulligan was given a sentence of life detention with a minimum term of 15 years. Williamson and the youth were convicted of a further charge of perverting the course of justice – an offence Cole had admitted before trial. A child practice review has been launched into Logan’s death and will be led by the Cwm Taf Morgannwg Safeguarding Board, which includes local councils and the police, probation service and NHS. In the months and weeks leading up to his death, Logan had been ‘dehumanised’ by his family, prosecutors said. Logan’s stammer is said to have worsened, becoming particularly bad around Cole. He wet himself more frequently and began self-harming. Medics made a safeguarding referral to the police after Logan suffered a broken arm in August 2020. By March, due to concerns over Cole, Logan and his younger sibling had been assigned their own social worker. But In June, a month before Logan died, the family were removed from the child protection register – meaning it was believed there was no longer a risk of significant harm. Tonight, ITV will air a documentary about the harrowing case, which will also hear from Logan’s biological dad. Ben Mwangi said he was stopped from seeing Logan and was not told social services were investigating his welfare before his death. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 