A good vacuum can make all the difference when it comes to housework, helping you stay on top of chores. Normally, finding a decent model means spending a lot… but not if you know where to look. Cleanfluencers have been raving about the Swan Eureka RapidClean, which is less than half the price of those by brands like Dyson and Shark. At £129.99, it’s a bargain, and it’s super lightweight to make cleaning a doddle. The vacuum punches about its weight (quite literally) when it comes to its suction credentials, though. Clean With Mrs C posted a video using the RapidClean on TikTok recently, saying: ‘So lightweight and powerful, look how much it picked up.’ The results speak for themselves, with a few passes over her visibly clean carpet almost filling up the cylinder. Cleaning With Danielle also tested the appliance out. Even though she vacuums daily, the social media creator ended up with a large bale of hidden dust. The RapidClean is best for people who dislike or struggle to use typical vacuums. As well as being lightweight it’s also cordless, and you’ll get 40 minutes’ cleaning time from a single charge. A 0.45 litre dust capacity cylinder and 30W suction power mean you can make light work of vacuuming without having to faff with plugs or regular emptying. An LED-lit motorised brush is also perfect for spotting missed bits, and you’ll get an upholstery brush and crevice tool for hard-to-reach areas. When you’re done, simply empty the bagless canister and hang up on the included wall handle. This stick model is so slimline you’ll never know it’s there (at least until the next spill needs to be cleaned up). Think it’s the solution to your vacuuming woes? Buy the RapidClean for £129.99 direct from Swan and get fast, free delivery right to your door. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Check out these wild photos from village scarecrow competitions MORE : Instagram-worthy rugs that you can pop in the washing machine now on sale