Old friends Dame Joanna Lumley and Gyles Brandreth will be joining together on Celebrity Gogglebox for the new series, which starts on Friday night. Gogglebox has been on our tellies since 2013, and in that time we’ve seen dozens of families give their verdicts on all the biggest TV shows of the week. It has since been given a snazzy celebrity spin-off amid its continued popularity, with more episodes set to come later this week. Among those returning include Rylan Clark and his mum Linda, as well as Happy Mondays’ legends Shaun Ryder and Bez. But there are a couple of changes to the line-up, with Dame Joanna, 76, being drafted in to sit next to Gyles, 74, for the whole series. Metro.co.uk can share the first snaps of the pair sitting together to share with fans, where Dame Joanna looks to be wearing one of Gyles’ iconic knitted jumpers, which he often showcases on This Morning. They look delighted to be reunited for their Gogglebox stint and look like they’ve got some predictably classy snacks, including some green olives. We definitely do approve. Joanna revealed she is completely ‘addicted’ to the Channel 4 show ahead of her appearance and said: ‘I cannot wait to share a sofa with Gyles to watch the programmes together. ‘It is a huge honour and crosses something off my tragically long bucket list.’ Gyles has already appeared twice on Celebrity Gogglebox with Dame Maureen Lipman and Dame Sheila Hancock respectively. He joked: ‘My last two Celebrity Gogglebox partners got their damehoods immediately after sharing the Gogglebox sofa with me.  My wife thinks that’s because the Queen must-watch Gogglebox and felt Sheila and Maureen deserved a reward for sitting on the sofa next to me! ‘Happily, my friend Joanna Lumley already is a Dame. Joanna and I have been friends for more than fifty years. We first met in 1969. We’ve watched a lot of telly together over the years. She probably won’t remember, but the last time we watched the box together she fell asleep.’ Gyles concluded: ‘I’m just hoping that doesn’t happen when she comes round to my place for our Gogglebox nights.’ In March, Maureen ruled out a return to ‘Celebrity Gogglebox as she gave a pretty scathing review of her time on the programme. She said at the time: ‘I went in imagining that they wanted me for my wit and my brain. Of course, they just want to show you willies and for you to be shocked. ‘Honestly, we were really funny together, but none of that was used. And if they don’t want to use what we gave them, f*** them. ‘It is from my point of view. I’m sure they’ll put someone else with Gyles.’ Celebrity Gogglebox begins on Friday, June 10 on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Liam Llewellyn also has a former sports star father, just like Gemma Owen MORE : Strictly Come Dancing star Karen Hauer marries Jordan Wyn-Jones in secret ceremony: ‘It feels like a fairytale’ 