Boris Johnson was met with boos as he arrived at St Paul’s Cathedral for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Service. The prime minister has come under pressure to resign after Sue Gray’s bombshell report into Downing Street lockdown parties was made public. The explosive document  gave details of gatherings at which officials drank so much they were sick, sang karaoke, became involved in altercations and abused security and cleaning staff at a time when millions of people across the country were unable to see friends and family. It also included nine new photos shaming the prime minister and his cronies partying while thousands of people lay dying in hospital with coronavirus. Polls show that more than half of the public now want him to go, while Labour has taken an 11-point lead. Crowds did not hide their anger as the PM made his way up to the steps of the cathedral with wife Carrie today. Although some cheers could be heard, they were drowned out by a wave of boos. Sue Gray investigated 16 events over a 20-month period, including one that happened on the eve of Prince Philip’s funeral. Boris Johnson was forced to apologise to the Queen over the party, which went on until 4am and became so out of control that a swing in the Downing Street garden broke. Although he wasn’t at the event, it sparked widespread public anger, with many remembering how the Queen was forced to mourn her husband of 73 alone due to Covid restrictions. The Sue Gray report said the ‘senior leadership’ in No 10 must ‘bear responsibility’ for the culture which led to lockdown rules being repeatedly broken at a series of events in 2020 and 2021. The PM apologised but sought to play down his personal involvement, saying he had no knowledge of the ‘work events’ which spiralled into lockdown-busting parties. The Met Police issued 126 Fixed Penalty Notices (FPNS) during its partygate investigation –  making Downing Street the most fined place in Britain during the pandemic. Mr Johnson became the first ever sitting prime minister found to have broken the law when he was hit with a fine for attending his 56th birthday party in the cabinet office, alongside wife Carrie and Chancellor Rishi Sunak. However, Scotland Yard’s investigation has come under criticism after photos emerged of the PM toasting a drink at a leaving do in November 2020, when the nation was under its second lockdown. Mr Johnson was not fined for this event, though others present were. He has said he believed his presence there to be ‘essential’ and part of his duties as a leader – an excuse the Met Police appear to have accepted. However, critics have questioned why he could say goodbye to his colleagues, when people up and down the country could not say goodbye to their dying relatives due to restrictions on hospital visits and funerals. More than 45 Tory MPs have publicly criticised Mr Johnson in the wake of the partygate scandal and the publication of Sue Gray report. In order to trigger a confidence vote, 54 letters from Conservative MPs must be submitted to the chairman of the 1922 Committee, Sir Graham Brady. As the number inches closer, rebellious Tories have reportedly been told to withdraw their letters of no-confidence amid fears a leadership challenge may be triggered before his potential successors are ready. The speed of the backlash against the prime minister is said to have  taken MPs by surprise and has left rebellion plans poorly organised. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 