Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian are set to go to trial after being unable to reach an agreement over revenge porn claims. A judge from the Superior Court of California in Los Angeles County denied Kardashian’s previous motion to enforce a settlement over Chyna’s allegations on Thursday, according to court documents seen by People. Chyna had filed a lawsuit in 2017 claiming she suffered ‘significant damages’ after Kardashian posted a series of explosive social media posts after their split, including allegations of infidelity, drug and alcohol abuse and three nude photos. She alleged that the scandal around her nude photos and and the influence from the Kardashian family caused the couple’s reality show, Rob & Chyna, to be axed before a second season. Chyna’s lawyer, Lynne Ciani, told People after the agreement was failed to be reached: ‘Chyna is very pleased that the trial judge denied Rob’s motion to “enforce” a settlement that never existed. ‘Without a settlement, Chyna will prove her case to a Los Angeles jury on June 20 that Rob posted devastating revenge porn of her to millions of his Instagram followers without her consent.’ Ciani added: ‘Revenge porn is a very dangerous form of violence predominantly perpetrated against girls and women. ‘Victims of revenge porn typically experience serious anxiety, shame, and helplessness. Some revenge porn victims have committed suicide. ‘Rob Kardashian has never taken responsibility for his heinous and vengeful act of posting revenge porn against Chyna in July 2017. He was never criminally prosecuted. It is finally time for Rob to be held accountable in a court of law.’ It comes after Chyna lost her recent case with Kim and Khloe Kardashian, Kylie and Kris Jenner after claiming they had ruined her reality TV career by having a hand in Rob & Chyna getting cancelled after one season. Metro.co.uk has reached out to representatives for Rob Kardashian for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian ‘didn’t damage Marilyn Monroe’s iconic dress’ at Met Gala, Ripley’s bosses confirm MORE : Kim Kardashian makes cryptic comments over Kanye West marriage amid divorce: ‘If people knew what my relationship was really like’ 