Dame Deborah James revealed she’d enjoyed a beautiful meal out and a cocktail in the sunshine as she embraced the small moments amid her battle with terminal bowel cancer. The You, Me and the Big C podcast host, 40, is currently under hospice care at home after no longer being able to have active treatment. She shared a photo of herself in a floral dress in the sunshine, with a stunning meal in front of her as she sipped a drink from a martini glass. Dame Deborah told her followers: ‘Happy Friday! Feeling greatful to be able to enjoy another moment of sunshine on my face, and food that makes me smile! ‘Just trying to find the diamond moments in the rough – but when you look hard enough you realise they can still be there! ‘Thanks as always for your amazing messages and love. Have a good one xxxx.’ She added on her story: ‘Sunshine is making me happy! As is good food! I’ll be knackered after this! But getting out the house feels so good!’ Dame Deborah then shared a snap of herself in her Rebellious Hope charity T-shirt which she released with In The Style to raise money for her BowelBabe fund as she chilled out after a busy day. She told her followers: ‘And know you’ll find me relaxing AKA not moving for a while whilst dreaming of rebellious hope still! Balance!’ Dame Deborah has been battling bowel cancer for over five years but was discharged from hospital on end of life care. She has chosen to die at her parents’ home rather than the family home in order to make the difficult tine easier on her young children. Her fundraiser has also raised over £6.5million for cancer charities in the hopes of finding a cure or more advanced treatments for others battling the disease. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Deborah James ‘surprised’ she’s still alive after being moved into end of life hospice care MORE : Dame Deborah James dons pink wig as she sends her support to Race For Life participants: ‘Gutted not to be there’ 