Ezra Miller will reportedly be dropped from the DC Universe after the release of The Flash. The actor is still said to be starring as Barry Allen/The Flash in the upcoming film despite allegations of grooming, and separately being charged with disorderly conduct and harassment, but they won’t star in DC films beyond that. ‘There is no winning in this for Warner Bros,’ a source told Deadline. ‘This is an inherited problem for [CEO, David] Zaslav. The hope is that the scandal will remain at a low level before the movie is released, and hope for the best to turn out.’ The outlet added that even if no more allegations surface, the studio likely won’t keep Miller in the role of Flash beyond the upcoming film. Authorities have reportedly been unable to locate Miller after they were accused of grooming a girl from the age of 12 and using ‘violence and intimidation’ to control her. The parents of Tokata Iron Eyes, who is now 18,  filed legal documents, seen by TMZ, which ask the court for a protection order to keep the actor away from her. Iron Eyes first met Miller when she was 12 and they were 23, when Miller was visiting the Standing Rock Reservation in North Dakota, where the pair developed a friendship that her parents believe puts her at risk. Her parents state in the documents, as reported by TMZ: ‘Ezra uses violence, intimidation, threat of violence, fear, paranoia, delusions, and drugs to hold sway over a young adolescent Tokata.’ Iron Eyes’ parents clam Miller flew her to London in 2017, when she was 14 and they were 25, to visit the studio Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was filmed at, as she was a fan of the actor and the franchise. They also alleged that Miller supplied their daughter with alcohol, marijuana and LSD as well as disrupting her education at a private institute in Massachusetts so much that she ended up dropping out in December 2021. Iron Eyes is said to have fled to New York to reunite with Miller after her parents brought her home, before the pair travelled to Vermont, Los Angeles and Hawaii, where Miller was arrested several times, including for an alleged assault. Meanwhile, Iron Eyes recently took to social media to tell her followers she is mentally stable and that her ‘comrade’ Miller has been a help in her life, and that she is looking forward to the future. Her parents are asking for the court to issue an order of protection against Miller on behalf of their daughter, with a hearing to take place in July. However, law enforcement reportedly cannot locate or serve the Fantastic Beasts actor. The Flash is currently set for release in June 2023. Miller won’t be the first actor to take on the character, with Grant Gustin previously playing The Flash in the CW series. Miller is best known for films including The Perks of Being a Wallflower and, more recently, the Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them franchise. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Warner Bros/DC and Ezra Miller for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ezra Miller ‘deletes Instagram’ after being accused of ‘taunting authorities’ MORE : Teen Tokata Iron Eyes responds to parents’ protective order against Ezra Miller: ‘This is my life’ 