Making sure your home is clean and tidy ahead of guests coming over is a given, right? But did you know that there are actually six parts of the home that you need to concentrate on that are commonly overlooked? Whether you’re entertaining for the day, hosting a dinner party, or having guests sleep over – there are a few things you might want to double check. After all, it is the summer season – and this typically means more guests in and out of your home. There are family members staying over during the summer break and barbecues galore – attended by friends, family and loved ones. Luckily for us, six experts have revealed the best ways we can ensure our homes are ready for guests – and they’re far simpler than you’d think. From making sure the windows are smear-free to making storage solutions for guests available, they might sound like they’re a given – but there are a few that you might have previously overlooked. Making sure that you set the tone from the second you open up the front door is a surefire way to make a good impression. Sam Hood, the co-founder and chief creative officer of luxury homeware, AMARA, has shared his top tips for making an impact. ‘Create storage for keys, wallets or even the post can sit as soon as you come home,’ he says. ‘This will ensure these important items are easily reached when you’re in a rush.’ He adds that, if space permits, investing in a bench by the front door will encourage your guests to take their shoes off when they arrive, which is great for your flooring. ‘Extra points if there’s shoe storage too, there’s nothing worse than tripping over shoes when answering the door,’ he says. ‘Take advantage of empty wall space with hooks or a coat stand so you can easily take off outdoor layers. ‘Don’t give into temptation and leave items on the stairs or in hallways – the rest of the household will walk past them.’ Keeping your taps shiny and sparkling is another way you can get your home ready for guests – although commonly overlooked by many of us. Metals expert Paul McFadyen, from metals4U, has revealed his tricks for making sure your metals are tip-top and shiny. First, he urges that when cleaning stainless steel, we should be really careful not to use anything too abrasive that might damage the metal coating. Paul says: ‘I advise using baking soda mixed with water to form a paste to remove any dirt or grease, as it is non-toxic. ‘Be sure to rinse the area well after treating, and dry it with a microfiber cloth to prevent watermarks. ‘You can also use baking soda to clean aluminium – so if your pots and pans are looking grubby or you have tough to remove stains, use the same paste to get them looking shiny and new.’ When we talk about cleaning and tidying our homes, hoovering is probably one of the things you instantly think of. Around 57% of us hoover before guests come over, and 44% of us mop up a storm. Carolina Hansson, head of design at Luxury Flooring, says that ‘floors are the true foundation of every room’. She explains that whether it’s a tiled kitchen or solid wood flooring in the living room, ‘they [floors] really are the centre stage of your home – making them all the more noticeable if they’re dirty and messy’. Carolina recommends starting with the skirting boards and ridding your floor of things like dust and mud. ‘We recommend keeping shoe racks and storage spaces in all of the rooms where you expect to entertain, to minimise clutter on the floor,’ she continues. ‘By keeping your floors free of debris, such as dog toys, shoes and discarded bags and coats, you’ll help open up your space and, ultimately, make your guests feel more welcome.’ When you look out of your windows, what do you see? The gorgeous view beyond the glass? Or do you see fingerprints, forehead prints and general marks? Adam Pawson, head of digital at Safestyle UK, has shared how to make sure your windows are streak-free and shiny. ‘To get rid of streaks or smears on your windows, make sure that you’re using microfiber or paper cloth to remove any dust before you begin,’ he explains. ‘Then, I’d recommend using a spray consisting of one part distilled (white) vinegar to 10 parts warm water which can be applied directly to a cloth before being rubbed evenly against the glass. ‘For a bit of extra sparkle, sprinkle some baking powder onto the cloth before adding the solution, which will aid the cleaning process. ‘If you have stubborn streaks that don’t seem to disappear, try going over the area with clean water to help remove any remaining solution.’ Making sure you’ve laid out fresh towels is very important – especially in the age of Coronavirus. Although your towels might not be dirty, do you really want your guests to be drying in their hands in the same place you dried your face earlier that day? Helena Mead, at Christy England, explains that towels pick up bacteria from the human body, and combined with the addition of moisture, they can become a breeding ground for bacteria. ‘Using a towel that is used, unwashed and damp can spread bacteria,’ she urges. Her top tips for fresh and fluffy towels are: Mattress specialists Time4Sleep found that 40% of Brits are unaware that they need to clean their mattress regularly. Eeeeek. So, if you’re in that statistic, maybe you should give yours a refresh ahead of a visit from guests. Jonathan Warren, director and mattress specialist at Time4Sleep, says that cleaning your mattress is as simple as gathering these four common household items: a hoover, bicarbonate of soda, mattress cleaning spray and a damp cloth. He explains: ‘For stains, it’s best to invest in a mattress cleaning spray or a carpet cleaner and lightly spray over the affected area. ‘Dab the stain from the outside in (so you don’t accidentally make the stain bigger) and leave the spray to work its magic before wiping away with a wet cloth.’ He then adds that because summer is now in full swing, it’s more important than ever that we soak up any lingering moisture and stubborn odours. ‘Spread your trusty bicarb over your mattress and leave it to rest for up to 24 hours, or as long as you can,’ Johnathan continues. ‘Run the hoover along the mattress, this will pick up any dust or dirt that is clinging to the fabric fibres.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum transforms rundown Victorian home into Japandi paradise MORE : How to stage your home for a quick sale and an extra £10,000 – according to an expert MORE : Savvy mum who transformed kitchen for £57 shares five hacks for updating homes on a budget