Passengers on a plane which ‘bounced hard’ off the runway during an aborted landing in bad weather have spoken of their ordeal. The passengers on board a TUI flight from Cape Verde to Bristol endured a 20-hour nightmare which involved pilots sending an emergency code, a diversion to Birmingham and emergency crews being called when passengers fell ill. The journey on board the Boeing Dreamliner was supposed to begin early on Tuesday evening with a flight back to Bristol from Cape Verde, a holiday destination off the coast of West Africa. But the problems started when the flight was delayed for several hours, and eventually took off just before midnight – with an arrival time scheduled for around 6am in Bristol on Wednesday. But the passengers said things started to go wrong when the pilot began the descent into the airport. Data from flight tracking website FlightRadar showed the plane descended to 800ft before ascending again, but passengers on board said they did touch down on the runway – hard – before flying off again. Passenger Rachael Lewis, from Devon, said: ‘We went down and the plane honestly felt like it smashed the tarmac, then we went back up into the air. ‘The captain announced this was normal and he was going to try again. We did a big turn and then he announced a system error had occurred,” she added. ‘Honestly, it was scary. I’ve landed in Canada in ice and snow, but this was ‘bounce, bounce’. A new destination was announced – Birmingham Airport – but the ordeal wasn’t over for the passengers and crew. It was at this point, just north of Gloucester, the pilot issued a ‘code 7700’ general emergency signal, alerting air traffic controllers that there was a problem with the plane and it needed to land. There were even more delays while the plane was inspected, to see if it could fly back to Bristol. Passengers were kept on board the plane for two hours, and things became challenging. Lewis added: ‘Loads of people were kicking off. ‘One man was abusive to staff, so they called the police.’ He was escorted off the plane and a pregnant woman on board was taken seriously ill and treated by firefighters and paramedics who entered the plane. Finally, after two hours, passengers said they were told the plane would not be flying back to Bristol, and they were allowed off to collect their baggage, and wait in the airport terminal for a coach back down the M5 to Bristol. A TUi spokesperson said: ‘We can confirm that TOM245 from Sal, Cape Verde, to Bristol was diverted to Birmingham on 7 June due to weather conditions at Bristol Airport. ‘Our crew offered all possible support during the flight before everyone was safely disembarked. ‘We’d like to apologise for the inconvenience caused to customers onboard. ‘The safety and wellbeing of passengers and crew is always our highest priority and we’d like to thank passengers for their patience and understanding.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted TUI for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.