A ‘hero’ former British soldier has been shot dead after going to fight in Ukraine. Tributes have poured in for Jordan Gatley, with his heartbroken family saying he will be ‘forever in our hearts’. Dad Dean Gatley said his son had left the British Army in March ‘to continue his career as a soldier in other areas’. He ‘carefully considered’ the situation before deciding to travel to the warzone to help after Vladimir Putin wreaked devastation by sending Kremlin troops in. On Friday, Jordan’s loved ones got the news that he had died in the city of Severodonetsk, eastern Ukraine. In a Facebook post, Dean said: ‘We have had several messages from his team out there telling us of his wealth of knowledge, his skills as a soldier and his love of his job. ‘His team say they all loved him, as did we, and he made a massive difference to many people’s lives, not only soldiering, but also by training the Ukrainian forces. ‘Jordan and his team were so proud of the work they were doing and he often told me that the missions they were going on were dangerous, but necessary. ‘He loved his job and we are so proud of him. He truly was a hero and will forever be in our hearts.’ A spokesman for the Foreign Office said: ‘We are supporting the family of a British man who has died in Ukraine.’ It comes after British military veteran Scott Sibley became the first British national confirmed to have been killed in the conflict. Scott was described as a ‘friend like no other’ who had ‘showed Commando spirit until the end’. Meanwhile, two British prisoners of war have been condemned to death after a ‘show trial’ in a Donetsk court not recognised by the international community. Aiden Aslin, 28, and Shaun Pinner, 48, were captured in Mariupol fighting for Ukraine’s 36th Marine Brigade, in which they were both officially enlisted. Russian media has reported they have a month to appeal their sentence, raising hopes it is a propaganda ploy or being used as a negotiating position. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.