Friends and family of two British men told they will face a firing squad in occupied east Ukraine have rubbished the Kremlin’s case that they are guns for hire. Aiden Aslin, 28, and Shaun Pinner, 48, were captured in Mariupol fighting alongside the Ukrainian army, which they were both fully enlisted in. The pair were subjected to what observers have described as a ‘show trial’ in a Donetsk court not recognised by the international community. After weeks in captivity, they were told they face the death sentence yesterday alongside Moroccan national Saaudun Brahim, after ‘pleading guilty’ to a number of charges. Their families and the UK government has rejected claims from pro-Kremlin that they are mercenaries and there are widespread fears they have been mistreated in custody. Under the terms of the Geneva Convention, they should be entitled to combatant immunity as legitimate soldiers registered with a recognised army. According to Russian media, they have a month to appeal their sentence, raising hopes it is a propaganda ploy or being used as a negotiating position. The Sun has revealed both captured men called its newsdesk using a satellite phone and made seemingly scripted pleas while in captivity. Both said they faced the death penalty unless unspecified demands by pro-Kremlin militants were met. The Sun agreed not to publish the details of the seven calls over six weeks after advice from the Foreign Office. Mr Aslin’s family released a statement in the aftermath of the news. It read: ‘We love Aiden with all our hearts. ‘He and Shaun, as members of Ukrainian armed forces, should be treated with respect just like any other prisoners of war. ‘They are not, and never were, mercenaries.’ Colonel Richard Kemp, who served in the same Royal Anglian Regiment as Mr Pinner, said: This is disgraceful and I utterly condemn it. ‘Shaun is a soldier and should be treated as such. This decision is a war crime and contravenes the Geneva Convention on the treatment of prisoners of war.’ Brennan Phillips, an American former soldier who met Mr Aslin when he was fighting Isis in Syria and worked alongside him in Ukraine, said the judgement is a ‘provocation’. Speaking to BBC Newsnight, Mr Phillips said: ‘I think it will invigorate people more than anything. ‘Whatever effect they thought they would have in this provocation, I don’t think that and I don’t think it’s going to be well-received. And they did this as a provocation.’ He continued: ‘I do believe that their captivity under the Russians will be extended for a little bit, but I do believe wholeheartedly and I’m very confident that they will be released safely back to their families.’ Mr Phillips said the Newark soldier is not a ‘thrill-seeker’, adding ‘he had a well-established life in Ukraine, Ukrainian citizenship’ after moving to the country in 2017. He continued: ‘He has a Ukrainian fiancee. They do have or did have a home outside of Mariupol and he was a part of the 36th Marine Brigade.’ Mr Pinner, a former British Army soldier who served in Northern Ireland and Bosnia, joined the Ukrainian army in 2018. He is also married to a Ukrainian woman and has lived in the country for several years. When he spoke to Sky while on the frontline in January, he said: ‘I have got every right to be here… it’s taken me a long time to integrate here, so the guys know I’m not a war tourist or war junkie.’ A Number 10 spokesperson said yesterday: ‘We are obviously deeply concerned by this. ‘We have said continually that prisoners of war shouldn’t be exploited for political purposes. ‘You will know that under the Geneva Convention prisoners of war are entitled to combatant immunity and they should not be prosecuted for participation in hostilities. ‘So we will continue to work with the Ukrainian authorities to try to secure the release of any British nationals who were serving in the Ukrainian armed forces and who are being held as prisoners of war.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.