Laura Whitmore has met the girls in the Love Island villa as the new series gets underway. The 2022 summer season kicks off tonight (June 6) on ITV2 with Laura back as host, and some first look photos released by the broadcaster show her chatting to the ladies during the upcoming first episode. A group of new singletons have arrived in Mallorca looking for love, including the likes of paramedic Paige Thorne and Michael Owen’s daughter Gemma Owen. In the pictures, Laura can be seen beaming in a sleeveless red waistcoat complete with a heart-shaped cutout and matching shorts to stick to the romantic theme. She was chatting to the girls before the first coupling of the series, which comes with a new twist as the Islanders won’t have any control over their initial partners. Despite the instant drama, the bikini-glad stars looked relaxed and ready to get going in the villa. The new photos come after a video teaser was released for the series giving viewers a glimpse at the contestants’ personalities, and what really makes them tick. Fans are desperate to find out which Islanders hit it off with each other, who will get their heads turned, and who will be able to stay loyal. Paige was seen sitting in an ambulance in her paramedic uniform before changing into her bikini, while fishmonger Luna Bish was spotted doing the day job before whipping off his hairnet and flashing a smile to the camera. Pharmaceutical salesman Ikenna Ekwonna gave a quick one two to a punching bag, and hotel waitress Idiyah Polack nicked some chips from a guest before leaving to jet off to Mallorca. Michael Owen’s daughter Gemma – who is an international dressage rider and business owner – winked for the camera after dismounting from her horse and shaking her brunette locks loose, while masters student Liam Llewellyn and nanny Amber Beckford looked ready for love. Real estate agent Andrew Le Page wants to seal the deal in the villa, while the lineup is completed by microbiologist Dami Hope, business owner Davide Saclimenti, and model and dancer Tasha Ghouri, who is also the show’s first ever deaf contestant. Love Island returns tonight (June 6) at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s partnership with eBay is proof we’ve fallen in love with pre-loved fashion MORE : How do you vote on Love Island? 