A Tory MP said he doesn’t agree women have ‘an absolute right to bodily autonomy’ in a debate over the American abortion ban. Danny Kruger also said that that British politicians should not ‘lecture’ the US over the landmark ruling, which has sparked nationwide protests. Many UK MPs have voiced their concern after the US Supreme Court ended 50 years of constitutional abortion rights by overturning Roe vs Wade. Boris Jonhnson said the move, which is expected to lead to abortion bans in roughly half of US states, was a ‘step backwards’ for women’s rights. Mr Kruger, who represents the constituency of Devizes in Wiltshire, told the Commons this afternoon he would ‘probably disagree’ with his colleagues about the decision. He said: ‘They think that women have an absolute right to bodily autonomy in this matter, whereas I think in the case of abortion that right is qualified by the fact that another body is involved.’ As MPs tried to speak over him, Mr Kruger added: ‘I would offer to members who are trying to talk me down that this is a proper topic for political debate and my point to the frontbench is I don’t understand why we are lecturing the United States on a judgment to return the power of decision over this political question to the states, to democratic decision-makers, rather than leaving it in the hands of the courts.’ Mr Kruger is the son of Bake Off judge Prue Leith, who has opened up about having a backstreet abortion when she was just 15. His remarks sparked a backlash on social media, including from Tory MPs. Lucy Allen, Conservative MP for Telford, said: ‘I accept Danny’s right to disagree, but he no has no right to impose his views on others. ‘ Responding in the House of Commons, Labour MP Stella Creasy told him that abortion was ‘fundamentally for many of us a human rights issue’, adding: ‘Currently in the UK, only women in Northern Ireland have their constitutional right to an abortion protected as a human right, but we can change that and that is what this place and this urgent question can do today.’ She said she wants to table an amendment to the forthcoming British bill of rights to give women the fundamental right to an abortion. During the debate, MPs expressed concern that far-right American groups wanting to roll back UK abortion protections will be given ‘renewed impetus’ by the Supreme Court decision. Labour former minister Dame Diana Johnson pressed ministers to introduce buffer zones near abortion clinics to prevent patients from being intimidated by anti-abortion activists. She also asked for assurances on the government’s commitment to protecting the rights of women to ‘bodily autonomy’. Addressing Foreign Office minister Amanda Milling she said: ‘Can the minister confirm that the Government will continue to support and fund reproductive healthcare programmes, including access to terminations around the world, in light of this decision? ‘With far-right American groups already organising on rolling back the 1967 Abortion Act in this country, this decision will give them renewed impetus for their work. ‘So will the Government look again at protecting women attending abortion clinics through the introduction of buffer zones, as proposed by (Rupa Huq, Labour MP for Ealing Central and Acton)? ‘And finally will the Government confirm its commitment on women’s rights to access reproductive healthcare – including abortion – and if the Government plans to change human rights legislation in the UK, that it will completely safeguard the rights of women to bodily autonomy.’ Ms Milling said she shared the prime minister’s view that the Supreme Court decision ‘is a big step backwards’. She said buffer zones are a ‘matter for the Home Office and is something that they keep under review’. She added: ‘In relation to our position on sexual reproductive health and rights, including safe abortion, the UK is proud to defend and promote universal and comprehensive sexual and reproductive health and rights, which is a fundamental to unlock the potential agency and freedom of women and girls. ‘We will continue to push for strong supportive language in the UN and other international fora.’ However, Ms Milling said ministers should go further and ‘hold the US government to account at the UN’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 