Actress Anjli Mohindra has admitted she is ‘not sure’ she would take on the role of a suicide bomber in BBC One drama Bodyguard if offered it now. The 32-year-old actress played a suspected suicide bomber named Nadia in the drama watched by over 17million viewers in 2018. Starring alongside Richard Madden and Keeley Hawes, Anjli’s character was implicated with her husband in an attempted bombing on a train. However, while Anjli has previously shared how ‘incredible’ the experience was as part of the Jed Mercurio thriller, she probably wouldn’t take up the opportunity now. She said: ‘I’m not sure I would play that character now. I don’t know if we’d have a character like that now. ‘At first, I wasn’t keen to play the part, but then I felt like there was more to Nadia than we’d seen with roles like that.’ In the first episode of the series, Nadia avoided being shot and was then arrested, due to the actions of Richard’s character PC David Budd. This resulted in his promotion to serve Julia Montague, the Home Secretary, played by Line of Duty star Keeley, which played out in dramatic style over the rest of the series. She added to iNews: ‘I think it still didn’t ask the right questions. ‘If we’d have found out how she got into that situation, we might have understood her a bit more. She’d have been humanised.’ The actress previously revealed she originally said no to the role because of its anti-Muslim sentiment. However, when the plot revealed that Nadia was involved in a bigger terror network that included white and non-Muslim characters, she changed her mind. ‘Bodyguard will always be an incredible experience,’ the star told Digital Spy back in 2019. ‘Working with one of the best writers in this country, and playing the character was such a great and unexpected twist. ‘I do think I’ve learnt a lot about how to… I’m trying to think about the best way to put this… I feel in some ways, even though that job holds a very special place in my heart, I kind of scored an own goal for the South Asian community in playing a character that perpetuates a stereotype.’ A second series of the Bodyguard is reportedly in development at the moment, but it’s not clear when it will come to screens. Meanwhile, Anjli will star in Sky Max’s new eight-part sci-fi thriller The Lazarus Project due to premiere in the coming days. The series stars Pappa Essiedu as George, who meets a mysterious woman named Archie, played by Anjli Mohindra.  Archie wants to recruit him into a secret organisation called ‘The Lazarus Project’ which has the power to turn back time when the world is at threat of extinction. Caroline Quentin also stars as Wes, the boss of the organisation, with Tom Burke playing the criminal mastermind Rebrov who is intent on destroying the planet… Bodyguard can be streamed in full on BBC iPlayer now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eurovision Song Contest 2023 ‘to be hosted in Glasgow’ if Ukraine drops out MORE : Adil Ray praised by GMB viewers for tearing into Dominic Raab over Rwanda refugee policy: ‘Some would say it’s racist’ 