Going to a Harry Styles concert isn’t just about what you witness on stage, when the global superstar belts his melodic voice into the mic, swaying the crowd with every vocal trill, sway of his hips and pump of his fist. The spectacle begins way before then, as the flock of excited fans – hailing from all around the world – make their way to the arena, decked out in everything from 1980s-style neon to 1970s-esque psychedelic patterns, cowboy hats, heart-shaped glasses and even strawberry costumes. You know before you’ve even walked through the barriers that you’re in for a treat. The Harries (as his fans are affectionately called) were as dedicated as ever while out in full force for last night’s concert at Wembley Stadium, the singer’s second London date over the weekend for his Love On Tour. The remnants of feather boas laced the streets all the way from the train station to the venue, with some people having camped since midday (and possibly even longer) in eager anticipation for the show-stopping performance ahead. Despite many attendees already showcasing Love On Tour T-shirts and tote bags, the queue for merchandise could have stretched around the entire stadium, with ticket-holders including a range of people from groups of young girls in matching outfits to parents with their kids, friends, couples and more. Now – onto the main event. Gracing the stage 20 minutes ahead of schedule, Harry swanned out in a pair of white flared trousers, a shimmering vest top and trainers, after being spotted having a little stretch backstage as he revved himself up for the hour-and-a-half set ahead. The crowd had been happily waiting for him since watching warm up act Mitski, donning a colourful array of anoraks as they braved the rain descending from Wembley’s open roof. But the sun broke out just in time for Harry’s arrival, 12 years after the 28-year-old shot to fame as one of the stars of One Direction on The X Factor. Having enjoyed a dance party to the Spice Girls, Queen and S Club 7, as well as multiple Mexican waves to pass the time, the audience’s spirits couldn’t have been higher as Harry opened the show with Music For a Sushi Restaurant, before following with hits including Golden and Adore You. The screams from the crowd were as high-pitched as can be, particularly whenever they caught a glimpse of their idol performing some of his signature moves, the singer well-aware of the desired effect his groovy dancing would have on his adoring fans. After the first few songs, I caught a glimpse of a young girl a couple of rows below me thanking her dad profusely for her new Love On Tour bag, with the pair sharing a heartfelt hug while Harry continued to delight with Keep Driving, the 10th track of his recently-released third studio album Harry’s House. That was the general spirit reverberating around the arena – one of joy, love and warmth among fans who simply wanted to relish in their shared love of Harry and his sumptuous music, with some on the floor holding hands in circles before rushing forward for a dance in the centre. Harry has always been a star performer, but he’s continued to improve and excel year upon year, giving his absolute all to every performance and leaving everything on the stage, vowing to the audience that he and his band will do all in their power to entertain them and fulfilling that promise time and time again. Last night, he spoke of how emotional it was to be performing at Wembley, having lived in London since his X Factor days – and he even offered a little One Direction throwback with a rendition of What Makes You Beautiful, much to the enjoyment of his bandmate Niall Horan, who was in the audience. One of the most emotional moments of the concert came when Harry spotted a sign from a fan called Mattia from Italy Italy, asking for the singer to do the honour of helping him come out. The crowd went wild and tears flowed as Harry took a Pride flag and ran across the stage with it, declaring that Mattia had officially come out as gay as he waved the flag above his head. The spectacle of Harry’s Love On Tour concert reached its near-peak with Sign of the Times, as fireworks were blasted from the roof of the stadium, lighting up the audience as dusk settled in. He left the stage before making a prompt return for not one, not two, but three songs for the encore, closing the show with Watermelon Sugar, As It Was and Kiwi. Harry is a showman through and through, boasting a commanding stage presence that many artists aspire to, so it was no surprise that last night’s concert was a resounding success. He may have already garnered a worldwide legion of fans for over a decade, but with his music career continuing to storm the charts across the globe and the singer continuing to embark on exciting acting roles – including in upcoming films Don’t Worry Darling and My Policeman – it seems there’s no limit to how high his star could rise. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles helps Italian fan come out as gay at Wembley Stadium show: ‘Congratulations, you’re a free man’ MORE : Harry Styles ‘completely overwhelmed’ by epic Wembley show: ‘I’m so grateful’ 