Today is all about looking inward and working out what you really feel about your situation. Does that friend really need help, or are they using you again? Are you happy to go forward with this risk, or is it not worth it? Get to know your love interest better before you dive in headfirst, Taurus. Libra, take the foot off the gas. It’s time to chill out. Sagittarius, you’re going to slip up this week. Own it and apologise. You’d be surprised at the answers you already have if you just stop and think. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for June 17, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 Have a strong desire to help someone? Before you leap to the rescue, ensure they need it. It’s possible they’re not as vulnerable as they appear. It might be easier to let you do it than to tackle this matter themselves. A kindly but firm approach can let them know they’re pushing their luck. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Does a developing relationship have the romantic potential you’ve been dreaming of? Before you get too carried away, it’s wise to get to know them better. No matter how much you want to run with this, it may be wise to take a step back. Play it safe. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Wondering about your abilities? You might think you’ll never make the grade. Yet others know what you’re capable of and trust you’ll do a fantastic job. Just get started and hold the intention that you will get great results. As you do, things will fall into place. Believe in yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Will you or won’t you? Making decisions might be fraught, especially if you’re trying to think things through. This might make things worse as, before you know it, you’ll be tied up in knots. The easy answer is to trust your gut and take it from there. This can still prove very effective. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Certain things could come easily to you but be careful you aren’t lulled into a false sense of security. If you are, you can lose more than you gain. Anyone who offers you a scheme to make money that is ‘sure to work’ should be ignored. Mind, opportunities might show up through socialising. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You might worry unnecessarily that something is going wrong yet there are so many things that can go right. Usually, you are good at rationalising doubts or fears and allowing them to recede into the background. In a few days your confidence will return so just do your best. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 If energy levels have dipped, it’s time to listen to your body and take a well-earned rest. Next week you’ll be so much busier. For now, make time to relax and involve yourself in activities you enjoy. If you’re curious about an opportunity, then do follow it up. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 You might feel like taking a chance but that may not be wise. No matter how much you want something to work out, you could end up disappointed. If you’re patient, next week can be more successful. For now, focus on finishing projects and tying up loose ends. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 It’s possible you’ll get the wrong end of the stick and say or do something you’ll regret. If you do, admit it at once and good feelings will be restored. Restless and looking for an outlet? You might very well be. A good walk or workout can help clear your head, leaving you calmer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 If a friend appeals to your caring and warm-hearted side, you’ll want to help. Even so, if this has become a habit, gentle encouragement to become self-reliant would be better for them and you. There is nothing wrong with setting firm boundaries and the sooner, the better. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 If you’ve been caught out once, it’s unlikely you will be again. But this is the time to stay alert regarding financial matters. If you get a sense that something is not right, look into it further. Something might seem like a good deal but you could lose out. Next week will be straightforward. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Telling someone how you feel might be good for you and cement a positive relationship. If you’re in a developing bond, then things can begin to sparkle more from this point on. Still, make allowances for mixed messages, as it could be so easy to misunderstand a person or situation. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for June 12 to 18 and Mercury’s move into Gemini MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you