Love Island rumbled into its second episode on Tuesday night our as Islanders settled down to get to know one another, with self-titled Italian snake Davide Sanclimenti stalking (slithering?) about in their midst to find his partner. The public vote had selected Indiyah Polack and Ikenna Ekwonna, and Gemma Owen and Liam Llewellyn, to couple up, which certainly left the female halves rather cold – so much so, it turned out Indiyah hadn’t quite got the hang of how to say Ikenna’s name yet, in one of the show’s few laughable moments. It also took Gemma no time at all to act on her fancying Davide, as they had one of the first, rather charged, chats of the series, and you could see their pairing up coming a mile off, much to viewers’ distress. International competitive dressage rider Gemma, 19, informed the 27-year-old Italian that she ‘doesn’t like competition’, and while we tried to wrap our heads around that she helpfully clarified: ‘I won’t be second.’ Right, got it. Unfortunately, she played at pretending she wasn’t happy with Davide’s hesitation over confirming if he had ‘good morals’, filling the silence charmingly with: ‘You’re a little s**t, aren’t you?’ A later chat saw Davide compliment daughter-of-Michael-Owen Gemma on being ‘old fashioned’ as she told him she liked the man to make the first move, which had some viewers rolling their eyes hard. As one put it: ‘Gemma, born in 2003, giving it “I’m old-fashioned”.’ This couple is giving off the ‘love to hate’ vibes and a dark part of me is very much here for it. However, many were airing their views over the problematic eight–year age gap between the two as well, with one viewer previously claiming: ‘If Gemma is paired with someone above the age of 25 I’m gonna file a complaint with OFCOM.’ Away from the eventual and inevitable recoupling of Gemma and Davide – you just know that pairing will be delivering a fire pit full of drama – the rest of the episode was pretty pedestrian. In fairness, it’s too early to have fully invested in everyone as we’re still at the getting to know names stage (see: Indiyah). The couples got stuck into the first challenge of the series, ‘anything to declare’, which saw them frisk and kiss the contestant they thought was behind the saucy secret on the conveyor belt. Of course, it was just a chance for the islanders to lock lips with who had really caught their eye, as Indiyah seemed into Dami Hope (although she said, somewhat unconvincingly, that she’ll give Ikenna a chance). Luca Bish and Tasha Ghouri also enjoyed their first bit of action during the game after some slightly toe-curlingly giggly flirting on one of the daybeds. In fact, Tasha seemed to have turned a fair few heads in the villa, with Andrew Le Page a smitten kitten after enjoying the first official spoon of the series with his current other-half. However, it looks like her head could be turned. Poor Liam was left out in the cold at the episode’s end following the recoupling, but the show teased us with its two new bombshells right at the end, waiting to enter. Afia Tonkmor and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu are ready to ruffle feathers it seems, and the public was tasked with selecting who would be taking them out on a date. Perhaps Liam will get a look-in there or perhaps viewers are as lukewarm on Gemma and Davide (Gavide? Demma?) as it seems, and the Italian stallion will be pulled away from his current competitive partner? It was a bit of an anti-climactic end, with producers allowing Liam a decent amount of time to make an impression on the girls in the villa – new and old. There was no savage early-doors dumping text, à la Shannon Singh last year – but there’s always tomorrow’s episode, right? Love Island airs nightly at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Michael Owen can’t escape questions about daughter Gemma on Love Island: ‘I came all the way to Germany to try and avoid it’ MORE : General Hospital star Jack Wagner’s son  found dead aged 27 