Dolly Parton’s novel, Run, Rose, Run, which she released in March, is set to be adapted into a film by Reese Witherspoon’s production company Hello Sunshine and Sony Pictures. Run, Rose, Run was co-written by Dolly, 76, and author James Patterson, 75, and shares the same name as her most recent studio album. Dolly shared the news of the adaptation on Instagram alongside a photo of her with James as she told her followers: ‘Run, Rose, Run is going to the big screen! ‘I can’t wait to make this dream come true with @HelloSunshine, u, and some of my favorite people, @JamesPattersonBooks and @ReeseWitherspoon!’ A post on Hello Sunshine’s page also confirmed that Dolly will star in the movie, as they added: ‘We’re so excited to announce that we’re partnering with @sonypictures on our adaptation of the New York Times best-seller Run Rose Run, and that the one and only @dollyparton will star in the film!‘@RunRoseRunMovie centres on a young woman who heads to Nashville to pursue her music-making dreams. The source of her heart-wrenching songs is a brutal secret she has tried desperately to hide, but the past she has fled is reaching out to control her future — and it may destroy everything she has worked for.’ Dolly added in a quote shared by the production company: ‘I am thrilled to be bringing Run, Rose, Run to Sony Pictures. I’m looking forward to working with Sony and being in the movie as well. ‘It’s a good time to be excited, working with some of my favourite people.’ Reese added: ‘I am overjoyed to have Sony Pictures on board as we work alongside Dolly Parton to bring her gripping and heartbreaking story to the screen. ‘We hope that this film will not only entertain but also inspire women and girls everywhere to keep dreaming.’ Reese and her business partner Seth Rodsky founded Hello Sunshine in 2016 and have previously produced The Morning Show as well as the adaptation of Celeste Ng’s novel Little Fires Everywhere. Hello Sunshine is set to bring the adaptation of Delia Owens’ hit novel Where the Crawdads Sing for release in July. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dolly Parton ‘never meant to cause any trouble’ as she accepts Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction MORE : Dolly Parton ‘gracefully’ accepts being inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame after trying to remove herself as nominee 