Simon Cowell has passed on his condolences to former X Factor star Tom Mann, whose wife-to-be tragically died on their wedding day. Tom, who appeared on the ITV series as a member of boy band Stereo Kicks in 2014, announced on Monday that his fiancée Dani Hampson had died suddenly on Saturday when they were due to get married. The couple were parents to eight-month-old son Bowie. On Tuesday, Simon released a statement paying tribute and said: ‘As a father myself, I simply cannot imagine the heartbreak Tom and his family are going through and will be personally reaching out to him.’ ‘From my family to his, we extend our deepest condolences and all of our love during this tragic time,’ he added in the message obtained by TMZ. Simon, 62, shares son Eric, eight, with fiancee Lauren Silverman who he is set to marry this summer. Tom announced Hampson’s death in a heartbreaking Instagram post featuring a black and white photo of her with their son Bowie strapped to her chest. He wrote: ‘I can’t believe I am writing these words but my darling Dani – my best friend, my everything and more, the love of my life – passed away in the early hours of Saturday morning, 18th June.’ ‘On what was supposed to be the happiest day of our lives ended in irreversible heartbreak. I feel like I have cried an ocean. ‘We never made it to the alter; or got to say our vows, or dance our first dance, but I know you know that you were my entire world and the best thing that has ever happened to me, Danielle.’ Tom and Hampson were originally due to marry in September 2020 but the nuptials were delayed due to the pandemic. The singer vowed to ‘wear this ring that I was always supposed to wear as a sign of my unconditional love to you’. He said he was ‘completely broken’ as he tried to process the tragedy, admitting he ‘honestly doesn’t know where to go from here’. He concluded: ‘I promise I will do my everything to raise Bowie just the way we always wanted. I promise you he will know how amazing his mummy was. I promise to make you so so proud. ‘The most beautiful person inside and out. The most incredible soul. We have lost such a special person and I am sure we are about to see an abundant outpouring of love that reflects that. I will try to find peace in your messages and comments, but right now I am grieving and I will be for a very, very long time.’ The musician was flooded with messages of support from his followers and celebrity peers, including singer Tom Grennan who wrote: ‘I love you brother ❤️❤️’ Tom rose to fame when he auditioned as a solo artist on The X Factor before being put into the eight-member group Stereo Kicks. After finishing in fifth place on the show, the group went on to release their debut single, Love Me So, which charted at number 31 in the UK. However, after less than a year together, the English-Irish group – also consisting of James Graham, Jake Sims, Chris Leonard, Casey Johnson, and Reece Bibby – announced they were disbanding due to failure to secure a record deal. Tom currently works as a songwriter and was recently awarded a BMI award for his work. He’s penned tracks for the likes of Troye Sivan, Becky Hill, Jonas Blue, Rita Ora, and Lewis Capaldi. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eurovision winners Kalush Orchestra announced for Glastonbury 2022 MORE : Beyonce’s new music videos ‘to pay tribute to 90s supermodels’ after Break My Soul and we sense Naomi Campbell 