Love Island viewers are begging for Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu to be saved from the shock elimination as six contestants find themselves at risk of being dumped. At the end of Monday night’s episode, the islanders were told that one boy and one girl will be dumped from the villa after the public voted for their favourite contestants – the two with the fewest votes will be packing their bags during Tuesday’s instalment. The three girls facing elimination are: Ekin-Su, Tasha Ghouri and Amber Beckford, while the three boys at risk are: Ikenna Ekwonna, Jay Younger and Andrew Le Page. Dami Hope, who is safe, received a text message ping on his phone but the episode ended before viewers found out which boy had been voted off. Naturally, the double shocker has left viewers on tenterhooks and many are hoping drama-stirring Ekin-Su doesn’t leave with the actress providing much of the entertainment over the past week. ‘Who risk putting ekinsu in the bottom 3 what the f**k we need her for casa amor,’ one anxious viewer tweeted. Another agreed: ‘If they send Ekin-Su home I’m gonna be so p****d off.’ Sharing their prediction, one said: ‘Tasha can be dumped and I wouldn’t even notice. Pls. Solid player of team furniture.’ Gutted to find one particular couple up for elimination, another weighed in: ‘Nooooo leave Tasha and Andrew alone!!!’ Others suggested it would make sense if Ikenna and Amber were dumped as the former broke up with Indiyah Polack during this episode, while the latter’s relationship with Dami is on the rocks due to his feelings for Indiyah. The latest dumping comes just one night after Remi Lambert was booted out after Indiyah chose to stay coupled up with Ikenna when the two boys ended up in the bottom two. Viewers will discover the results of the latest dumping during Tuesday’s episode. Love Island airs nightly at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island review: An explosive slanging match and a filthy spitting challenge – it’s Love Island as we know and love it MORE : Love Island’s Indiyah Polack breaks it off with Ikenna Ekwonna after agreeing to explore ‘spark’ with Dami Hope 