Prince Charles has called for the history of Britain’s involvement in the transatlantic slave trade to be taught as widely as the Holocaust. Both the Prince of Wales and his son Prince William have expressed sorrow in the past but stopped short of apologising for the monarchy’s role in the slave trade. According to a report, the heir to the throne believes there is a fundamental gap in national awareness of the country’s direct involvement in it. A royal source is quoted as saying in a story in the Telegraph: ‘The prince notes that in the UK, at a national level, we now know and learn at school all about the Holocaust. ‘That is not true of the transatlantic slave trade… and there is an acknowledgment that it needs to happen.’ They said the prince was not trying to ‘dictate’ education policy, but to encourage individuals to take responsibility for their own knowledge of the horrors. As the patron of the Holocaust Memorial Day Trust, Charles has a longstanding relationship with the Jewish community and a dedication to remembering victims. The newspaper suggested he is looking for a similar charitable organisation for the slave trade – but will not create one himself. An aide said the senior royal was ‘looking for opportunities’ to highlight and celebrate diversity in both the UK and the Commonwealth. This comes just days after Charles shared his ‘personal sorrow’ for the suffering caused by slavery at the opening of a Commonwealth summit in Rwanda, where he was joined by the Duchess of Cornwall. He said: ‘To unlock the power of our common future, we must also acknowledge the wrongs which have shaped our past. ‘Many of those wrongs belong to an earlier age with different, and in some ways lesser, values.’ Again, the prince stopped short of apologising for the colonial past. With royal approval, Britain’s involvement in the transatlantic slave trade officially began in 1663. In less than 150 years, the country was responsible for transporting millions of enslaved Africans to colonies in the Americas, where men, women and children were forced to work on plantations and denied basic  human rights. Charles’ visit to Rwanda was overshadowed by the Home Office’s controversial plans to deport people seeking refuge in the UK to the east African country – a policy the heir to the throne is said to be ‘appalled’ by. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.