Rupert Murdoch reportedly might have ended his marriage with Jerry Hall via text. The couple – who got married in a lowkey ceremony in London back in March 2016 – are said to be calling time on their relationship, and it’s claimed the 91-year-old media mogul could have revealed the news in a digital message. As reported by the Daily Mail, there are rumours he delivered the news electronically – either by text or email. ‘What is clear is that he did the dumping,’ an insider said. According to the report, sources say the 65-year-old model was ‘shocked’ by the sudden end to their six-year union, while friends pointed to their different lifestyles and her smoking. The couple met after he split from his third wife Wendi Deng, 53, in 2013, and they went public with their romance in October 2015 at the Rugby World Cup final. He was spotted kissing her on the cheek at Twickenham, while the following year they appeared on their first red carpet together at the Golden Globes. A source said at the time: ‘Rupert couldn’t be happier.. He’s not acting like some dotty old man who’s in love with a teenager. He just seems really, really happy. It’s a wonderful thing.’ Murdoch got engaged to Hall – who was previously with Rolling Stones legend Sir Mick Jagger, with whom she shares four children – in 2016, and announced the news in March that year. The former couple said their vows in a marriage-like wedding ceremony but it was never made official. Wedding guests reportedly included Richard E Grant, Michael Gove, Rebekah Brooks, and Mick Jagger’s ex-wife Bianca. Following the wedding, he tweeted: ‘No more tweets for ten days or ever! Feel like the luckiest AND happiest man in world.’ He is yet to post another message on the social media website since then. Hall was in a relationship with Jagger from 1977 to 1999, and the pair are parents to Lizzie, James, Georgia May and Gabriel. Murdoch has six children from his previous relationships – Prudence, Lachlan, Elisabeth, James, Grace and Chloe. The media mogul’s first marriage to Patricia lasted for 11 years from 1956 to 1967, while his second marriage to Anna ended in 1999 after three children and 32 years together. Metro.co.uk has contacted a representative for Jerry Hall. A representative for Rupert Murdoch declined to comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jerry Hall and Rupert Murdoch’s relationship timeline as couple rumoured to be divorcing MORE : How much is Rupert Murdoch worth, how old is he and how many times has he been married? 