This human-like robot with an eerie demeanour is making a splash in the art scene. Using artificial intelligence and the ‘cameras in her eyes’ she’s created some original portraits of some of this year’s headliners with her own creative stamp. Ai-Da Robot is described as the ‘world’s first ultra-realistic humanoid robot artist’, having been designed with a woman’s facial features, a set of arms, as well as a short black bob with a fringe. The budding creative has just released her first-ever collection – a series of celebrity portraits of stars including Billie Eilish, Diana Ross and Kendrick Lamar. She is also set to become a star of the festival, as her work is displayed in the Shangri La field at Glastonbury next week. Ai-Da’s name is inspired by computer programmer Ada Lovelace, and her AI machine was designed in Oxford by Aidan Meller and built in Cornwall by Engineered Arts. The rather uncanny-looking robot has human-like skin, eyes and hair, and some truly unique capabilities, including using computer memory to visualise her canvas. Ai-Da Robot, who is able to converse using a specially designed AI language model, told Needtoknow.online: ‘I’m going to the 50th Glastonbury festival. I’m looking forward to meeting new people and experiencing the unique atmosphere. ‘Well, it’s a kind of fun thing for me to do. I’ll be at Shangri-La, and I’m doing some portraits. ‘I hope that my art encourages discussion about art, music, and of course our futures! See you there!’ Despite being a robot, Ai-Da supposedly has her own artistic temperament and is growing in confidence, exploring new artistic techniques and learning as she goes. Her work includes collaborative paintings, sculptures, performance art and for the first time in 2022 paintings. As a work of conceptual art herself, Ai-Da encourages her human counterparts to reconsider our self-perception through the lens of a humanoid robot. ‘After making history with her self portraits, Ai-Da is continually developing her skills,’ said Aidan Meller, the robot’s creator and project director. ‘It’s an exciting time as her painting ability is progressing, and there’s a lot of innovation. ‘How does a non-human robot see the world, how do Ai-Da’s unique algorithms interrogate what she sees? She is in new artistic territory.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.