The Loose Women ladies rallied around their co-panellist Brenda Edwards after she shared an emotional statement about her son Jamal Edwards’s death, saying he died from a heart attack after taking recreational drugs. Sharing love and support for Brenda, 53, panellist Janet Street-Porter admitted she doesn’t want Brenda ‘to beat herself up about this’, calling her ‘the best mum she could have been’. Confirming the sad news that Jamal died from a heart attack after taking drugs, Brenda, who held her son as he died in February aged 31, admitted today she is still in a state of shock since discovering his cause of death and warned of the dangers of ‘extremely unpredictable’ substances in a statement shared on Instagram. ‘Since I last spoke, I have sadly learned that the cause of Jamal’s devastating passing was due to cardiac arythmia caused by having taken recreational drugs and I wanted to address this myself to everyone who loved, admired and respected my son,’ she penned. Offering love and support to their co-star after the emotional statement, Ruth Langsford shared: ‘We’re sending you all our love.’ Coleen Nolan reflected on the trust Brenda has created in Jamal’s memory, saying: ‘I didn’t realise how incredible the work he did was until people were coming on the street saying how much he’d changed their lives. ‘For Brenda, what’s been hard with this is that people don’t forget the amazing incredible work that he’s done and that she’s continuing to carry on. They’re working so hard to carry it on, especially the Jamal Edwards’ trust.’ Coleen recalled an Instagram post from years ago, in which Jamal had shared: ‘The goal isn’t to live forever, it is to create something that will.’ ‘I think it’s incredible that’s exactly what he did and it will continue forever,’ Coleen said. Ruth added: ‘Hopefully that will give Brenda strength as well.’ Fellow panellist Janet added: ‘I know Brenda so well and I don’t want her to beat herself up about this, I want her to understand that she was the best mum she could have possibly, possibly been, and we’re all here for you Brenda. ‘I’m so glad you came into my life and I think the work you’re doing is amazing.’ In the statement shared to Instagram today, Brenda said she is still trying to process her son’s death. ‘Jamal had the world at his fingertips – a zest for life and he was unwittingly taken away far too soon,’ she continued. ‘Yet we have to come to terms with what happened, and Jamal is proof that this can happen to anyone.’ She concluded her post by sharing that she had recently launched the Jamal Edwards Self Belief Trust. ‘The Trust is in place to help provide a sense of community for young people, offering a safe space of their own to help develop their skills and explore who they are,’ she said. ‘Through that we will continue to preserve Jamal’s incredible legacy by continuing the positive change he had on the lives of so many.’ Loose Women airs weekdays from 12.30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Loose Women viewers slam panel for implying public ‘forgives’ Prince Andrew following sexual assault lawsuit MORE : Loose Women’s Brenda Edwards reveals past crystal reading hinted at late son Jamal Edwards’ bright future 