A hospital has apologised to a woman who was told she was too young for a brain scan only to be later diagnosed with a tumour. Claudia Laid, then-24, attempted to seek help for a host of symptoms, including brain fuzz, memory loss, and hallucination. She first began experiencing ‘random headaches’ in December 2021 which she put down to her heavy schedule studying to be a paediatric nurse. However, her concern grew as the episodes became more frequent in the coming weeks, with her losing feeling in both hands and having an elevated heart rate. She was taken to Blackburn Hospital where she was given the diagnosis of gastroenteritis, and was sent home five hours later. ‘I knew it wasn’t right. I was telling my consultants how bad I felt,’ Ms Laid, from Burnley, said. ‘Even though I was still being sick and experiencing memory loss, they discharged me around 2am.’ Ms Laid’s condition continued to deteriorate in the days that followed and she began experiencing hallucinations, short-term memory loss, and disorientation. She was still battling with symptoms three days after seeking help at the hospital, leading her mother to call the GP, but was told nothing had come up on the initial scans. The student took herself back to A&E within the week, where it was suggested the ‘migraines’ were a cause of her contraceptive pill. ‘When I asked for a brain scan I was told “we don’t give out brain scans willy-nilly to 24-year-olds”, and I was sent home,’ she said. ‘I felt reassured because I trusted the doctor’s opinion but I was still having headaches and dizzy spells.’ Nevertheless, things continued to worsen over the following days, and her mother called the GP again who booked Ms Laid in for an appointment for ambulatory care the next day. That evening she again sought help at A&E to no avail, and returned the next morning and had two scans which revealed a 5cm by 7cm tumour that had been slowly growing in her brain for 15 years. Ms Laid was scheduled for an emergency eight-hour surgery the following day at Preston Hospital whom she thanked – along with the ambulatory care team at Blackburn Hospital – for its ‘caring approach, dedication, and expertise’. Within six weeks, all the symptoms had subsided and she began to feel ‘more normal’, and she was able to return to her studies, and complete her degree. She will have regular scans to monitor the situation but for now, as per her latest check-up in April, all seems well. East Lancashire Hospitals NHS Trust said: ‘The Trust is indebted to Claudia for sharing her experiences and her bravery in raising these issues is inspiring. It is clear from her feedback that she has been critically ill and we’re pleased to hear she is now recovering well. ‘Whilst there are positives to take from her story, there is also lots to learn and we’re sorry she was left to feel unheard and uncared for during her diagnosis. We’d be keen to know more and would hope to meet with her to discuss further and provide an opportunity for her to help us to improve.’ It added it would love to work with Ms Laid as she hopes to increase awareness of the condition across the community and healthcare system. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.