Russia has threatened to make Europe ‘disappear’ if Western leaders supply nuclear weapons to Ukraine. One of Vladimir Putin’s top political allies, Viacheslav Volodin, warned such a move would provoke a ‘nuclear conflict’ on the continent. As a key figure in Russian politics, and one of the first officials to back the war publicly, his words are not to be taken lightly. His apocalyptic threat comes after Poland’s ex-foreign minister Radoslaw Sikorski reportedly called for the transfer of nukes to President Zelensky to strengthen his defence. ‘With such deputies, the Europeans will have much more serious problems than those they have already faced today (refugees, record inflation, energy crisis),’ Volodin, the head of the State Duma, hit back on Telegram. ‘Sikorski provokes a nuclear conflict in the center of Europe. He does not think about the future of either Ukraine or Poland. ‘If his proposals are implemented, these countries will disappear as well as Europe. ‘He needs to be examined by a psychiatrist, pass the mandate and stay at home under supervision. ‘It is precisely because of people like Sikorski that it is necessary to liberate Ukraine not only from the Nazi ideology, but also to demilitarise it, ensuring the country’s non-nuclear status.’ No Western leaders have so far suggested arming Ukraine with nuclear weapons and it is unclear if Poland has plans to do so. Mr Sikorski told Ukrainian channel Espreso TV the Russian president had violated the Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances of 1994, which pledges to respect Ukraine’s territorial integrity, the Sun reported. He said this breach would justify the delivery of nuclear weapons from the West. Ukraine agreed to hand over all nukes stationed in the country in the wake of the fall of the Soviet Union. In a post on Twitter addressed to Mr Volodin, Mr Sikorski said: ‘You promised Ukraine to respect her borders in 1994 in return for her nukes. ‘You are now colonizing her and you threaten both Ukraine and NATO with your nukes. ‘We just want you to know that if you use them, we have options too.’ Soon after Russia’s invasion in February, Putin moved his nuclear forces on high alert, citing ‘aggressive statements’ by NATO and tough financial sanctions. May also saw the Kremlin moving nuclear-capable missiles towards Russia’s border with Finland over the Scandinavian country’s plan to join the Atlantic alliance. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.