Julie Andrews has reunited with The Sound of Music cast almost six decades after the classic 1965 musical was released. The 86-year-old superstar was receiving the 48th American Film Life Achievement Award at a star-studded gala in LA, which featured former co-stars paying tribute to the Hollywood icon and her legendary career. Five of the seven actors who played the von Trapp children – including Duane Chase, Kym Karath, Angela Cartwright, Debbie Turner, and Nicholas Hammond – posed with Andrews on the red carpet as they supported her at the event. Kym played Gretl, Angela starred as Brigitta, Debbie played Marta, Duane played Kurt, and Nicholas played Friedrich in the award-winning film. The musical follows Julie’s Maria as she is sent to the home of retired naval officer Captain Georg von Trapp (played by the late Christopher Plummer) to be governess to his seven children; Liesl, Friedrich, Louisa, Kurt, Brigitta, Marta, and Gretl. Charmian Carr (who played Liesl) died in 2016 aged 73, and Heather Menzies (who played Louisa) died in 2017 aged 68. On her prestigious accolade, Julie told the LA Times: ‘I’m enormously honoured that AFI chose me. It is a little bit stunning. It makes me hugely aware that there was a large volume of work. ‘When you’re in it, you’re so busy doing the work that you don’t take stock of what you’ve done. And when someone else does, you marvel: “Wow, that’s a lot”.’ The gala also featured Cynthia Erivo performing The Sound of Music’s Edelweiss, and Gwen Stefani taking to the stage to thank Julie for inspiring her to become a musician. Julie conquered Hollywood in the early ’60s when she starred in Mary Poppins, which won five Oscars including for lead actress; and The Sound of Music, which also won five, including best picture. Her career has also included starring in beloved franchises such as Shrek, The Princess Diaries, Despicable Me and DC’s Aquaman. Julie currently provides the voice for the enigmatic Lady Whistledown in Netflix’s Bridgerton. Julie will also be part of Bridgerton’s anticipated spin-off about Queen Charlotte (Golda Rousheuvel), which will also tell the stories of young Violet Bridgerton (Ruth Gemmell) and Lady Danbury (Adjoa Andoh). Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bridgerton season 3: Nicola Coughlan preparing for steamy sex scenes after confirming Penelope and Colin romance MORE : Bridgerton season 3: Hannah Dodd confirmed to play Francesca Bridgerton after Ruby Stokes quits role MORE : Jason Momoa shares first look at Aquaman 2 complete with a brand new suit