Chris Pratt has revealed he actually doesn’t like being called by his name Chris, and even says it’s not his name. Instead, the Jurassic World actor, whose full name is really Christopher Michael Pratt, prefers to be called by his nicknames, including Pratt and CP. The 43-year-old star, who recently welcomed his second daughter with wife Katherine Schwarzenegger, revealed that being called Chris ‘feels weird’, even by his friends. Speaking in an interview with SiriusXM’s Pop Culture Spotlight with Jessica Shaw, when asked ‘What do they call you? Pratt?’ Chris answered: ‘Yep. Pratt. CP. You know, CP. “Hey, CP.”‘ Chris, or rather, ‘CP’, continued: ‘But no one calls me Chris. My friend, Chad. I went golfing with my friend, Chad, my pastor the other day and he was like, “No one calls you Chris? I’m gonna call you Chris. Alright, Chris. You’re up.” ‘And I was like, ‘No, it feels weird. It’s not my name. Don’t call me Chris.'” That’s one way of distinguishing the Mario actor from the rest of the Hollywood Chris Club, which features the Guardians of the Galaxy star against Marvel co-stars Chris Evans and Chris Hemsworth, as well as Chris Pine. In 2019, Chris Pratt was voted ‘Hollywood’s worse Chris’, and the battle of the Chris’ has continued ever since. Last year, Chris Hemsworth trolled Chris Evans with a birthday post featuring the wrong Chris… The Australian actor joked in the picture: ‘Happy 40th birthday Chris Evans, you’ll always be number 1 in my book.’ The photo he posted actually featured a grinning Chris Pratt instead of the Evans variety. A lot of his followers got in on the joke, commenting that Chris Evans ‘has changed over the years’ or that ‘Chris Pine looks different’, however there were some who didn’t twig that Hemsworth was making a gag. The confusion continued when Chris Pratt’s own father-in-law Arnold Schwarzenegger couldn’t figure out which one he was, mistakenly referring to him as Evans. In 2021, Schwarzenegger said during an Instagram charity live event hosted by Pratt: ‘Hello, Chris … Evans, oh not Chris Evans, sorry, I’m going to screw up this whole thing right from the beginning, Chris Pratt.’ He added: ‘I didn’t look at the cue cards the right way. Sorry about that. I should know your name, I should know your name. That’s for sure. You’re my favorite son-in-law,’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Everything you need to know about Chris Pratt’s new Prime Video drama The Terminal List, including UK release date, trailer, and book MORE : Chris Pratt is ‘really proud’ of his voice work on Super Mario Bros film despite backlash 