Pro-Kremlin television pundits in Russia have clamed Liz Truss ‘encouraged’ British soldiers to fight in Ukraine. Aiden Aslin, 28, and Shaun Pinner, 48, along with Moroccan Sadun Brahim, 21, were last week told in a sham court they face the death penalty. Fellow British prisoner Andrew Hill, from Plymouth, has also been warned to expect the same punishment when his verdict is handed down. Vladimir Putin’s TV propaganda chiefs have this week debated the UK Government’s response to the situation. They could be seen grinning at each other as they mocked the men’s situation. RT reporter Roman Kosarev told Russian state television Aslin and Pinner ‘were simply writhing like eels trying to defend themselves somehow’. Footage was then shown of Pinner dancing in military fatigues before his surrender to the pro-Putin forces in Mariupol. Russian state TV anchorwoman Olga Skabeyeva – known as Putin’s Iron Doll – then took aim at Ms Truss and said it was on the Foreign Secretary’s ‘orders’ that British ‘mercenaries’ went to fight for Ukraine. She told viewers: ‘London aims to work on freeing Pinner and Aslin, but they don’t know how to do it. ‘Liz Truss, the head of the Foreign Office, called the sentence illegal and promised to pull the Englishmen out — and do it via Kyiv. ‘Good luck, Liz.’ Skabeyeva is one of Russian state media’s most prominent propagandists and is no stranger to ‘wild, fervent rants’ on the Kremlin-owned channel Russia-1. She added: ‘On 27 February, Liz Truss called on all interested Brits to sign up as volunteers to the Ukrainian front. ‘While right now Liz Truss can’t even find time to see the families of those who were sentenced in Donetsk, and who fought on her orders.’ The Foreign Secretary was also blasted by leading propagandist Vladimir Solovyov, a TV host known as ‘Putin’s Voice’. He interviewed Natalia Nikonorova, ‘foreign minister’ of the breakaway Donetsk People’s Republic (DPR). She alleged the British men had come to Ukraine to kill people ‘for money’, and this is why they were sentenced to death. Nikonorova alleged that Britain had ‘not taken a single step to somehow try to participate in the fate of these citizens’. And Solovyov told viewers: ‘If I understand it correctly, it will all end with them actually being shot.’ Referring to the condemned men, Nikonorova said that Britain does ‘not even try to alleviate their fate.’ Both Aslin and Pinner had been in Ukraine long term and were seen as members of the Ukrainian armed forces. They did not travel there based on the foreign secretary’s words or on government advice. In February, Ms Truss had said: ‘People can make their own decisions. ‘The people of Ukraine are fighting for freedom and democracy, not just for Ukraine, but for the whole of Europe.’ She added ‘if people want to support that struggle, I would support them in doing that.’ Aslin and Pinner were subjected to what observers have described as a ‘show trial’ in a Donetsk court not recognised by the international community. According to Russian media, they have a month to appeal their sentence, raising hopes it is a propaganda ploy or being used as a negotiating position. But their lives continue to be used as a propaganda tool by Russian state TV and the DPR. On Friday, a Number 10 spokesperson said the Government was ‘deeply concerned’ and was working to ‘secure’ the men’s release. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.