Mohamed Salah says he ‘cannot express’ how much he and his team-mates wanted to win the Champions League as he broke his silence following Liverpool’s defeat to Real Madrid. Liverpool’s bid to become European champions for a seventh time ended in disappointment on Saturday night as Real Madrid secured a record-extending 14th title. Jurgen Klopp’s side created a number of chances in the Paris final but ran into an inspired Thibaut Courtois, who denied Salah six times and also made fine saves to keep out Sadio Mane and Diogo Jota. Salah was seeking revenge after suffering an injury in the 2018 final against Real Madrid but left the French capital disappointed. He posted on social media: ‘I cannot express in words how much we wanted to bring that trophy back to Liverpool but in the end we couldn’t. ‘I cannot thank the fans enough for your support. It has been a very long season but a part of me wishes the next one starts again tomorrow.’ On winning the PFA Player of the Year award, Salah added: ‘Being recognised by the fans and by the sports journalists in the same season is something special that I will never forget. ‘I would however give all those personal awards up for a chance at replaying that final, but that is not how football works.’ Egyptian superstar Salah was bidding to win his second Champions League, having helped Liverpool lift the trophy in 2019. The Reds were unable to overcome serial winners Real Madrid, however, less than a week after they narrowly fell short in the Premier League title race. Salah’s team-mate Andy Robertson said the Liverpool squad was ‘devastated’ after the Champions League final defeat. ‘Obviously it’s quiet, devastated – that’s what happens when you come to finals and don’t win,’ the Scotland star said. ‘We had chances, we came up against an unbelievable goalie tonight, he pulled off some unbelievable saves. But if we’re being honest as well, I think we could have played a bit better, especially second half. ‘I thought first half we played well, we were in control, we were the ones kind of pushing. Second half, we didn’t start great, they started getting a hold of the game a bit more. ‘When you come up against an experienced team, they know how to win finals. Once they got their noses in front, they showed that.’ More to follow… For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 