Court staff, police and prosecutors will be given specialist trauma training so they are more sensitive toward rape complainants. It has now been one year since the country’s annual rape report came out, revealing an appalling 1.6% conviction rate on the assaults which led to a charge. But the ‘vast majority’ of rape accusations did not even see a single day in court. The Government has since pledged to improve these disturbing figures and it has today announced some new measures to do this. On top of training the professionals victims have to interact with, one room in three major courts will be upgraded to have the technology to use pre-recorded cross examinations. This means an alleged victim can apply for permission from the court to be cross-examined away from the stress of a live trial. Leeds, Newcastle and Snaresbrook Crown Courts have been chosen to trial this new programme as they are currently dealing with a higher-than average number of sex offence cases. This pilot will be operational by October but several similar programmes have been introduced across the country. For example, 37 courts already offer victims the option to pre-record their answers to the defence. There are also ongoing efforts to make the system better for victims during other parts of the process. In some cases, police keep alleged victims’ phones for examinations. This has drawn criticism from activists who say it is a violation of privacy and a stressful inconvenience for vulnerable people who should be able to contact loved ones for support. Five police forces have started offering replacement phones for when an alleged victim’s phone needs to be kept for longer than 24 hours. This policy will be rolled out to 14 forces by March next year. The Government stressed that ‘work is ongoing to reduce intrusive requests for phones and for third party records such as therapy notes’. Independent advisor to the Government on the Rape Review Emily Hunt said: ‘Rape is a horrific crime that can have life-long, devastating impacts on its victims. ‘I don’t know that we can ever be doing enough, but right now, we are in an incredibly different place than we were a year ago. Charges are, finally, starting to go up. ‘But no one involved thinks where we are is good enough – because it is not even remotely good enough – and for me that is probably the most important part of where we are a year on: doing better, but still pushing further.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.