Travis Scott is confirmed to headline his first concert in the UK after the Astroworld tragedy. The rapper will headline London’s O2 Arena on August 6, and it will be one of his first major performances after 10 people were killed at his music festival in Houston, Texas last year. Announcing the concert on social media, Scott wrote: ‘Been in the studio for a while time to take it to bigger speaker see u soon London.’ Eight crowd members died in a terrifying crush during the first night of Astroworld at the NRG Park in Houston in November 2021. Two more revellers died from their injuries in hospital in the days after the event, while 300 gig-goers were left injured. Scott has performed a handful of gigs since the tragedy, including at the Billboard Music Awards. Fans were divided over the performance, with some insisting it was ‘too soon’. However, host Diddy previously defended Scott, saying it’s ‘time to forgive’ him. After being asked why it was important to have Scott performing, Diddy – real name Sean Combs – said he is ‘un-canceling the canceled.’ ‘Now we’re moving on with love and respect for everybody that was hurt or affected. It’s time to forgive,’ he said. Diddy, 52, continued to Billboard: ‘To have Travis be able to come back and touch the stage again with the mindset of getting a second chance at life. Everybody in the room is getting a second chance at life, you know, because we’re back inside with no masks on. ‘We need love and I’m excited about celebrating that.’ Scott has also performed a short guest appearance at a Coachella afterparty on April 17, and has played at a private pre-Oscars party in Bel-Air on March 26. It seems the rapper is getting back to performing, as he’s also set to take on the Primavera Festival in South America, which will see him visit countries including Brazil, Chile and Argentina. Scott, who is facing various lawsuits over the Astroworld tragedy, shared a statement hours after the incident and said: ‘I just wanna send out prayers to the ones that was lost last night. ‘We’re actually working now to identify the families so we can help assist them through this tough time. My fans really mean the world to me and I always want to leave them with a positive experience.’ Defending himself, he added: ‘Anytime I can make out anything that’s going on, you know, I stop the show and you know, help them get the help they need. I could just never imagine the severity of the situation. ‘To the ones that was lost last night, we’re working right now to ID the families so we can help assist them through this tough time. ‘I’m honestly just devastated… I could never imagine anything like this just happening.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kylie Jenner shares rare photo of son playing with daughter Stormi after expanding family with Travis Scott MORE : Billboard Music Awards 2022: Travis Scott’s performance divides fans after Astroworld tragedy 