Black people in the UK are an intrinsic part of LGBTQ+ history – and yet their stories are historically erased from the narrative. One man on a mission to change that, and to establish a ever-lasting, undeniable record of queer Black British history, is artist and filmmaker Topher Campbell. Topher’s latest project is a celebration of the legacy of the Black British LGBTQ+ community. Moments That Shaped: Queer Black Britain is a 44-minute film narrated by award-winning comedian and author Gina Yashere, and produced and directed by Topher. The film aired exclusively on My5 in the UK from June 1, to mark the beginning of Pride Month. ‘Black British history in the UK always involves Windrush, it involves the uprisings in the 1980s, it involves all the kinds of campaigning that has been done, the great advances and some of the celebrities and faces we are used to seeing,’ Topher tells Metro.co.uk. ‘But it never really involves Black LGBTQ+ people. And we’ve been at the center of defining what Black culture is in the UK.’ Topher is determined to spotlight the Black British LGBTQ+ pioneers in sport, politics, film and TV and politics, and right the injustices that lead to their omission from the history books. ‘I am part of a generation who came into maturity in the 90s, and back then it was thought to be improbable, or unlikely, and very, very unwelcome to be Black and LGBTQ+. ‘I think a lot of people were not really receptive in the Black communities, but also in wider communities, to the idea that Blackness has more than one identity.’ Topher says that these attitudes made it very difficult to have a voice and to be taken seriously. ‘We have been silenced by the Black community and also silenced by the wider gay community, too. What I love about this film is that it is all by us and about us. What we are doing is reinstating some of that narrative into the center of British culture.’ Moments That Shaped: Queer Black Britain celebrates the community’s move from underground and hidden to out and proud, touching on the struggles that Britain’s Black queer community have faced along the way. Culminating in the biggest ever UK Black Pride event, staged in Haggerston Park, Hackney in 2019, the new film explores this liberation through archive footage and drama reconstructions, as well as personal testimony from the likes of activists Ajamu X and Marc Thompson, journalist Kuchenga Shenje, athlete Corinne Humphreys, as well as the founder of UK Black Pride, Phyll Opoku-Gyimah. ‘I wanted the film to be a celebration,’ says Topher, ‘because a lot of the narratives around LGBTQ+ people, and particularly Black people, and both, is that we are either victims, or we’re talked about by somebody else. ‘I want to celebrate what we have done for ourselves. But in doing for ourselves, we’ve also created a community which is strong and vibrant, which everybody is now participating in, in one way or another.’ This project is not Topher’s first foray into the field of queer Black history. Along with campaigner Ajamu X, he also created the rukus! archive, which is housed at London Met and is Europe’s largest collection of queer Black art, including music, movies, photos, posters. The aim of the archive is to collect, preserve, exhibit, and make available to the public historical, cultural, and artistic materials related to the Black lesbian, gay bisexual and trans communities in the UK. ‘I think it’s really important to bear witness to our place in history,’ says Topher. ‘There is the old phrase that history is written by the conquerors. So those of us little people, the marginalised people, the people on the edges, the forgotten people, the people who are thought of as nothing, don’t get a look in. ‘But I’m very much interested in how we then write ourselves into history. As a Black queer man, I feel very strongly that those stories that we tell about ourselves become history – not just for us, but for everybody. ‘If we don’t bear witness to our existence, how do we grow as community? How do we grow as a culture? How do we learn about things that happened before us so that we can be better for the things that are happening tomorrow?’ Moments That Shaped: Queer Black Britain is executive produced by Maxine Watson and Patrick Younge for Cardiff Productions. Executive producers for BET UK are Collins Harris and Craig Orr. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What is ‘white gay privilege’? MORE : ‘People are scared of the word “lesbian” – I want to find out why’ MORE : ‘It helps me bring the inside out’: LGBTQ+ people share what makeup means to them 