Sun exposure is the biggest cause of skin ageing – and yet, many of us are still resistant to wearing an SPF. Depending on where you live and your lifestyle, your exposure to harmful rays can be higher. Some towns and cities in the UK are worse off, according to research from Clarins Beauty Daily. Using data from the Met Office that looks at sunshine hours, it’s been revealed that Chichester residents need to be diligently applying SPF the most. No matter where you are, sunlight hours are generally strongest between 10am and 4pm, and despite the idea that you don’t ‘need’ SPF if it’s not sunny, that simply isn’t true. If it’s daylight outside – even if it’s cloudy – your skin is at risk of sun damage through UV rays. Below are the top 10 places in the UK where residents are most at risk of sun damage, according to sunlight hours. While these lucky spots in the UK get more sun, the risk of burning is higher. London wasn’t too far behind, clocking in 1,559 hours of sunshine, while people in Derry experience just 1,222 hours. Aesthetic doctor, Dr Galyna Selezneva, says: ‘Not wearing sunscreen will leave the skin exposed to the sun’s UVA and UVB rays. ‘Ultraviolet radiation causes DNA changes to the skin that can lead to premature ageing. ‘Sun damage can destroy collagen and elastin in your skin too. ‘Collagen and elastin degradation in the deeper skin layers can result in premature signs of skin ageing, such as wrinkles and fine lines, because your skin loses its elasticity and firmness. ‘We need to be wearing an SPF of at least 50 on the face and once you’ve applied your broad-spectrum SPF you should reapply it every two hours.’ Sun damaged skin can show up in the form of wrinkles, hyperpigmentation, broken capillaries and more. The earlier in life you start wearing SPF, the better too – often signs of damage take years to reveal themselves. Wearing SPF is vital against skin cancer protection too, so if wearing one for your vanity isn’t enough of an incentive, your health will also benefit. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Think using SPF foundation is enough? Chemist shows you need 13 pumps for the sun protection to work MORE : Neighbours go to war over 32ft trees that ‘block sunlight from house’ MORE : Can you double up on your sunscreen to increase the SPF?