A last minute bid to stop the first flight relocating asylum seekers to Rwanda has been rejected by Court of Appeal judges. Priti Patel’s controversial policy will go ahead tomorrow, despite it being named ‘absolutely chilling’ and ‘cruel’ by charities and top figures. But it will have fewer people than initially planned onboard after lawyers fought for individual clients on human rights and modern slavery grounds. Around 130 asylum seekers are thought to have been scheduled for deportation. Care4Calais, a charity that supports refugees, reported earlier that more than 20 tickets had been cancelled, but eight people were still expected to be forced out of the UK on Tuesday. Today’s judgement follows a previous decision by the High Court that it was in the ‘public interest’ for the government to carry out its policies. The Public and Commercial Services union (PCS), which represents more than 80% of Border Force staff, and charities Care4Calais and Detention Action had challenged the High Court’s refusal to grant an injunction. Raza Husain QC argued that Mr Justice Swift, had wrongly decided the ‘balance of convenience’. But, following an urgent hearing in London on Monday, three senior judges dismissed the appeal, saying there was no error and all factors had been considered. The High Court heard the UN refugee agency, the UNHCR, has multiple concerns about the system in Rwanda, including discriminatory access to asylum, a lack of legal representation and other ‘deep-rooted structural problems’. Prince Charles is reported to have named the policy ‘appalling’, while the Archbishop of Canterbury said it would not ‘stand the judgment of God’. A second case is being heard in the High Court on Monday afternoon after Asylum Aid, a refugee charity, applied for an urgent interim injunction. But Rory Dunlop QC, for the Home Office, has argued: ‘This is a policy which is intended to deter dangerous and unnecessary journeys, journeys from safe third countries by people who do not need to make that journey to be safe, they can claim in France or wherever it is. ‘This is a policy that if it works, could save lives as well as disrupting the model of traffickers.’ Meanwhile, Boris Johnson said earlier that the Government had anticipated ‘a lot of teething problems’ with the policy – but insisted the move is necessary to stop illegal people-smuggling rackets on either side of the Channel. He declined to comment directly on the Prince of Wales’ alleged remarks, saying he had ‘nothing but respect and admiration’ for the future King. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.