She’s the queen of controversy and true to form Madonna marked Father’s Day unconventionally – by posting a touching tribute to herself, of course. The 63-year-old pop legend shared a collage of pics alongside her six children and captioned the images: ‘Happy Father’s Day to me!’ In one snap, the Material Girl hitmaker posed alongside son Rocco Ritchie, 21, who she shares with ex-husband, film director, Guy Ritchie, while wearing a lacy black bra top and matching fingerless gloves as she playfully pulls on his hair. A second shot shows her embracing daughter Lourdes, 25, who she shares with ex-boyfriend, personal trainer turned actor, Carlos Leon. The pair, look equally glam in striking make-up and ‘rock-chick’ black outfits as they hug each other. The star also shared a photo of herself walking with her adopted son David Banda, 16, while holding his hand. She also showed off images with adopted daughters Mercy James, 16, and twins Estere and Stella Ciccone, nine. Madge did however share the spotlight with her own father, Silvio, who she dedicated two of the posts to. Under an old photo of him, she wrote: ‘Happy Father’s Day’, while she also shared a snap of her children with Silvio at his vineyard for his 90th birthday earlier this month. At the time she dedicated a heartfelt post dedicated to him with the caption: ‘My father is a survivor growing up as an Italian Immigrant in the US and living thru many traumas but always working hard for everything he had. ‘He taught me the importance of hard work and earning one’s way in life………….Again I thank you. ‘It was so special to spend your 90th birthday with you and my children in your vineyard.’ The snubbing of the fathers of her children was glaring, but not the only dig. In a follow-up post shared with her 18.3 million followers, the star is seen in a corset and fishnet tights cheekily shaking her sculpted bottom to the camera with the caption ‘Who’s the Daddy………….’ The star has always been a doting mum, even getting a tattoo in 2020 dedicated to her kids. She had all of her kids’ initials etched across her wrist, with the body art design reading: ‘L, R, D, M, S, E.’ The post comes after Madonna attended fellow icon Britney Spears’ star-studded wedding. During the celebrations, the pair re-enacted their infamous on-stage kiss at the 2003 video music awards. The Like A Virgin star shared the images on her Instagram page of the recreated moment, which took place after Britney, 40, married fitness trainer and model Sam Asghari, 28, at her Los Angeles home. Madonna wrote: ‘Britney you look so happy and in love. I wish you and Sam all the best! ‘Last night was fun and sweaty.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears boogies with Madonna to Like A Virgin at lively wedding afterparty and we wish we were there MORE : Sir Paul McCartney will be Glastonbury’s  oldest ever headliner when he performs this weekend days after 80th birthday 