The UK will face ‘unseasonably’ strong winds later this week, with forecasters warning of gusts of up to 45mph. Remnants of Storm Alex, a tropical storm in America, will soon spread through the country. The Met Office said there will be particularly high winds in some areas of the UK from Thursday onwards. It will follow lashings of rain across much of the country tomorrow. In America, Storm Alex has already caused major disruption across states such as Florida. There has been heavy rainfall over the weekend in several regions, including Miami, which reportedly experienced more than five inches of rain. In the UK, from Thursday, weaker rain will move from west to east, as the ex-tropical storm Alex brings in low pressure. Oli Claydon, a Met Office spokesperson, said: ‘The wind is the main part of the story – unseasonably strong winds for the time of year. ‘We could see gusts of up to 45mph through Friday. ‘Those sorts of wind speeds will be fairly confined to the far north-west of the UK. ‘But as the low pressure goes over the north of the UK through Saturday, a wider area of the north of the UK could see those sorts of wind speeds. ‘It will be windy everywhere across the UK, but the further south you go, the less influence the low pressure will have.’ On Friday, winds will strengthen across the UK and some showers are to move into the western parts of the UK, particularly the north-west of the UK, which includes Northern Ireland, western Scotland and parts of northern England. Mr Claydon added that the ex-storm will largely lose its strength as it progresses into the weekend and that ‘it doesn’t have its regular tropical properties in terms of strength’. The remnants of Storm Alex follow a spell of unpredictable weather for much of the UK. There were balmy highs of 22°C in parts of the country today, following on from the Queen’s Jubilee weekend. Rain had managed to spare Thursday and Friday’s celebrations in London, which were enjoyed under a sky full of sunshine. And although the royal pageant at Buckingham Palace was spared a downpour at the weekend, the much anticipated Red Arrows’ display was cancelled due to the poor weather. The unsettled weather continued into the night and the Met Office issued a yellow warning for rain in eastern parts of England until 4am. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.