If you were hoping for a restful Sunday after a big weekend, think again. All sorts of interesting celestial influences mean that today is bound to be an exciting one. Virgo, an unforgettable encounter may leave you feeling inspired. Are you stuck in your old ways, Cancer? It might be time for a radical rethink of some bad habits. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for June 5, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 Someone’s cheery mood could lift your spirits, and leave you feeling more self-assured and much happier. If you’re noticing your weaknesses more than usual, this can help you to see that others don’t share your views. It all depends on your perspective. If you’ve been too critical of yourself in areas where you are talented Aries, then it’s time to have more faith in your abilities. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 This looks to be a good time to invest in something that improves your life, or encourages you to live to your full potential. A supportive line-up may be a spur to taking your happiness and success to the next level. You could find that a course, book or perhaps a life coach or teacher, can give you ideas, and help you see more of what you’re capable of, and this might just swing it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Have you tended to live by the beliefs that were handed down to you from your younger years? If so, they may not offer the same assurance that they once did. In fact, you could begin to feel that they do not chime with you at all. New thoughts might be bubbling up from within, and these can seem much more in alignment with your personal truth. Perhaps it’s time for a change! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Have you tended to live by the beliefs that were handed down to you from your younger years? If so, they may not offer the same assurance that they once did. In fact, you could begin to feel that they do not chime with you at all. New thoughts might be bubbling up from within, and these can seem much more in alignment with your personal truth. Perhaps it’s time for a change! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 If you’re becoming disillusioned with aspects of your present routine Leo, then you may be on the lookout for new activities and opportunities to replace them. If you’re unfulfilled by your daily schedule, seeking out new interests and friendships could go a long way to filling this gap. Can they satisfy a need for something that is absorbing and exciting? If so, then give them a go. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 One encounter could seem positively inspiring. The initial attraction might encourage discussions that result in you working on a key project together. And if this seems like something you would relish, then do consider it Virgo. Mind, there is potential for romance with someone who shares a passion of yours. You may find their company inspiring and exhilarating. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Confusion over a developing bond could leave you perplexed as to whether things are improving between you or not. However, part of the reason might be the presence of Saturn retro in your dating zone, causing you to doubt your connection with this person. Try to be patient in this regard, as a change of heart can so easily turn things around, and is more than possible, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 One thing you may have found recently, is that people can surprise you and might not be acting in ways you would expect. If you need someone’s agreement for a plan or project, then you might be nervous to ask because you aren’t certain how they will respond. Embrace this opportunity to talk, as with the Moon linking with convivial Mercury, they may contribute a truly brilliant idea. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 People may have a lot of advice to share, but how much of it is going to help you? You could be bombarded with ideas, and yet none of them inspire you. If it’s a personal matter, then involving friends might not leave you assured either. If there is one person you trust enough to talk this over with, do so, as it can turn thigs around and lead you to the breakthrough you need. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Small seeds blossom into plants or trees. And this can be what happens to you, as a seemingly uneventful incident could pave the way for fresh developments. Perhaps an urge to try an experience is a step in a new direction that will lead to exciting prospects. You may be tempted to reject it, if it seems outside of your comfort zone. Don’t pass it by, give it a chance, Capricorn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Changes to your circumstances can begin with a shift in your understanding, and with a willingness to embrace more of yourself and more of life. This could be your choice over coming days, as a potent influence encourages you to do more than you think you’re able. An idea you may have pushed away might show up again Aquarius, and embracing it could be an eye-opener. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 As Uranus links with asteroid Pallas, a conversation could stir up deep-seated emotions, leaving you feeling you’ve known this person forever. Perhaps you share an experience or hobby, or know someone who changed your lives. Something brings you together and keen to continue the conversation. On another note, this can be an excellent time for entertaining old friends and new. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the week of May 29 to June 4 - and Saturn retrograde MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you