Kim Kardashian is now back in LA after her brief trip to London, with the star not sticking around for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The star was spotted enjoying London for a couple of days with her boyfriend Pete Davidson but, despite rumours that she was denied entry to the Platinum Party on Saturday, which will see the likes of Queen and Diana Ross perform, she’s jetted home to LA. A source close to Kim told Metro.co.uk: ‘Kim was in town for work and was back in LA two days ago. She was not in town for nor did she ask to attend the event.’ The Daily Mail had previously reported that the star’s representatives reportedly asked the Palace and the BBC for tickets to the concert, which will see the likes of Queen and Diana Ross perform, but were turned down. They reported that a source said: ‘Kim rarely gets turned down to attend any event, so this has been quite surprising, especially as she doesn’t visit the UK often. ‘Kim and Pete love the Royal Family and really wanted to be a part of this special celebration.’ Kim, 41, and Pete, 28, kept a fairly low profile in the capital, but were seen heading out for a shopping trip in Mayfair. For the Platinum Party this weekend, stars like Alicia Keys and Andrea Bocelli with a pre-recorded performance from Sir Elton John at Buckingham Palace on Saturday June 4 for the big celebration, alongside non-musical guests including  Sir David Attenborough and Stephen Fry. The concert, named the Platinum Party, will last around two and a half hours, celebrating Queen Elizabeth II’s 70 years on the throne, and will be broadcast on the BBC. Queen and Adam Lambert will open the festival, which will see 22,000 people attend, including 10,000 tickets to be released to the general public (while thousands of key workers will also be invited). Alicia will then perform, along with Duran Duran, Hans Zimmer, Ella Eyre, Craig David, Mabel, Elbow, and George Ezra. Eurovision’s Sam Ryder, who made history at the song contest, will also perform. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Kim Kardashian and the BBC for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian doubles down on weight loss comments as she responds to Met Gala backlash: ‘I didn’t do anything unhealthy’ MORE : Kim Kardashian would ‘eat poop’ daily to prevent herself ageing – and consider us disturbed 