When I was around 10 years old, I realised that I wasn’t feeling how I was supposed to feel. I was assigned male at birth but the older I got, the more feminine I felt inside and I began to be drawn towards the desire to be a girl and to look like a girl. Few would acknowledge such feelings from a young boy growing up in the 1970s. At that time, there were no points of reference for me whatsoever and it all just felt a bit… strange. I didn’t really understand what it meant. So, I just carried on as I was – feeling curious but hoping I’d just be able to shake it off. By the age of 14, my brain and body were totally disconnected. I didn’t know what was going on – but I knew that I had to keep it secret. From a young age, I used to imagine that if I was ever involved in a car accident and my body had to be reconstructed, I’d tell them I didn’t mind it being reconstructed as a girl. But at that point, I had no idea that was even something that was possible. For years, I was scared of being scorned, shunned, laughed at, mocked. I felt ashamed. I’m 58 now and came out as a transgender woman in 2019, at the age of 55. Looking back, I now know that the way I was feeling was typical of people with gender dysphoria but, at that time, I had never even heard of that. I didn’t even know that such a thing existed. I had no idea if anyone else felt like this and, as a result, I felt completely alone. The only glimpses of people who I suspected might feel something like me were all dressed up in drag or as pantomime dames. But these were acts purely for entertainment, for people to laugh at. I’d hear all the comments being made and the message was very clear: anyone who didn’t do it for comedic effect had a screw loose and was some sort of sexual deviant, who was weird, not normal – and even dangerous. The way I felt was seen as something to be laughed at, at best, and reviled, at worst. I truly believed there was something wrong with me and that I had to fight it, subdue it, hide it. Sadly, I spent a huge part of my life that way. In my early 20s, it started to feel unbearable. I recall thinking, ‘I can’t live like this anymore, I have to admit how I really feel.’ I felt like I was at war with myself, with a constant battle between my brain and body. I was close to telling parents how I really felt a couple of times in my early 20s. But each time, just as I was about to say it, someone else said something – and the conversation would shift. I wouldn’t open my mouth and the moment would just pass. In a way, I was relieved and I told myself that it must mean it wasn’t the right thing to do. Deep down, I knew who I should have been – but I didn’t ever think it could be. Friends, family, nobody had any idea of who I really was – but I didn’t dare tell them for risk of losing them, or jeopardising what I was shaping my life into. So I stayed quiet. I continued to live as a man. I was married twice, and had three wonderful children, now, in their mid-20s and much more grounded and worldly-wise than I ever was at that age. Then, in 2019, at the age of 55, after years of living in denial about how I really was, I started to feel as though I really could not continue like this any longer. At that time, I was going through a lot. My father had died the year before, work was difficult, I had lots of pressure on me, and – I didn’t realise it at the time – but I was heavily depressed. When you live with dysphoria for so long, the state of depression becomes normal to the point you do not even know you’re depressed; but those around you do, especially when other sources of stress, anxiety and depression compound your existing poor mental state. I finally, reluctantly, acceded to my wife’s request to get help. I went and got some counselling. My first consultation was at the beginning of November 2019. Rapidly, everything started to crumble – and my true feelings, the extreme level of my depression, all very quickly became very apparent. To the question ‘have you ever thought about suicide?’ my answer was ‘yes, of course I have, doesn’t everyone?’ ‘How often do I think about it?’ ‘All the time, doesn’t everyone?’ Of course, I now know that they don’t. The counselling broke down the mental barriers I had erected over a lifetime of secrecy and denial: my defences turned to dust and I was left totally exposed. It was all so quick. There was nothing left to hold back the decades of emotion and feelings. At the end of the month, I came out to my wife. It was an experience as horrifying as I’d always imagined it would be if I gave in to myself and confessed all. She said that although she empathised and thought I was doing the right thing for me, nevertheless, she’d loved and married a man, not a woman. She had no qualms with me being who I was but she made it clear that if I did decide to transition, she couldn’t remain married to me. I had hoped that we would find a way to continue that relationship in some way or another – but sadly, we weren’t able to and we split up. It must have been horrendous for her too – all of the hopes and plans and dreams that we’d had and envisaged came to an abrupt end overnight. I cared about her so much, and I hated that I had hurt her by putting off something that I should have done many, many years before and long before I’d ever married. But I’d been too scared, too ashamed, and I’d convinced myself that I could fight and control my feelings sufficiently in order to continue to live as I’d been living. But I was wrong. Telling my children was the hardest thing in the world – they were brilliant. I then told my mother who was a bit confused by it but was incredibly supportive. After my wife and I split, I moved in with my mother. I have spent much of the past two and a half years being utterly dumbfounded by just how many people have supported me, and stood by me. I truly thought that I’d tell people and they wouldn’t want to know me anymore. However, it was hard. In the 18 months after I came out, my suicidal thoughts had never been greater. I really didn’t know if I could keep going throughout all of the change. All of this was made worse by not being able to see people in person because of Covid-19. I had a new identity. I was a new person, like a child discovering themselves for the first time. In my head I was constantly wondering, ‘can I fit in as a woman?’ ‘Should I?’ ‘Can I just live as a man?’ It’s not an easy thing to do, to say the least. At times, I felt like I was adrift on a raft out at sea. I’d break down and think I just can’t do this, even with all the support I was getting. And throughout the whole thing, I had a huge amount of guilt for the upheaval that I’d caused my children and my wife, both wives for that matter. After I came out, it took me around 18 months to begin to make sense of myself; I began to fully realise just how much I had loathed myself before. Then I started to think, ‘Hang on, I do actually quite like myself.’ That was new; I’d never had that feeling before and it was strange, unreal, an amazing moment. This was a euphoric moment for me. It was an epiphany. I realised that I was no longer afraid of who I really was. Before this, I couldn’t bear being left in my own company and needed to be around others to safeguard the male persona I had built and maintained for 45 years from my true self. I still had a long way to go, but I had got here – and it wasn’t too late. I couldn’t quite believe it was all happening, it was a complete whirlwind and not something I had ever thought would happen. It was relief, joy, confusion, all in one. Each time I told people, I grew that little bit stronger. It was a massive shock to everyone – I’d hidden it so well over the years. But they supported me, got me through it and – ultimately – kept me alive. In January 2020, I started to change the way I was dressing. I did it gradually, as I didn’t want to shock people and I still didn’t really know what my style was. It took me a long time to start wearing skirts, so I would wear jeans but with prettier jumpers. I got a lot from second hand shops. It was a gradual phase to femininity. I was getting a lot of double takes and I would avoid groups of schoolchildren, who can be very cruel with their cutting remarks. For a long time, if I heard anyone giggling or whispering, I would automatically assume it was about me. I would try to stand up tall and sometimes I’d feel strong, while other times I’d want to vanish from the world. I then got hair extensions – I was terrified of doing it but because of my age, a degree of baldness was setting in. The confidence that gave me was huge. These changes all felt natural; it was a massive joy to be able to reflect the person I felt inside through my outward appearance. How I look is far from perfect, of course: there are some big giveaways, like facial bone structure and the curse of stubble. But because of my age, I was able to draw down on some of my pension and I used this money for the hair extensions and laser hair removal and, more recently electrolysis. Importantly it is helping me to pay for hormone treatment. This sees breast development, and a few other subtle things. They made me feel more like me. If I hadn’t done this, I don’t think I would be here today. I can’t afford to go private for reassignment surgery so I’m on the NHS gender clinic list for a chance to get on the waiting list; but, from what I understand, the waiting list just for an initial consultation and psychological test is anything up to six years. That will make me 64 – but it’s important to me to do it. I’ve always hated what is between my legs. People say that to transition is a choice I made and how brave I was to come out. I don’t feel brave; this wasn’t a choice. I didn’t want to live like I have; I didn’t want to hear my soul screaming at my body for all of my life. I hid it from everyone and even from myself – that was my choice; but it wasn’t sustainable. I got help – that was my choice; but once the walls came tumbling down – there was no choice at all: there was nowhere else to go. I’m still in a daze somewhat, but happy that I’m finally being true to myself, and living as the person I really am, although I can’t deny that the grieving over the loss of certain parts of my life has been long and difficult, especially in respect of the people in it who I loved dearly. It took me 55 years to get to the point of saying ‘this is who I am, this is who I always should have been’. I denied myself that for most of my life. To anyone in the same or similar situation, my advice is to seek professional counselling to help you understand yourself better; talk to the people you love. Explain to them how you’re feeling. It’s no joy ride, that’s for sure; but take it from me, it’s never too early or too late. By the time I die, the biggest portion of my life will have been as a male – or at least presenting as male, rather than a female, my true self. But, as hard as it’s been, I’m so glad that I’m finally making steps to live with myself, as myself and, for a change, quite liking myself too. Opening Doors is the only dedicated national charity connecting LGBTQ+ people over 50 with activities, events, support and information. For help or more info visit their website. MORE : Navigating healthcare: Top tips from trans people, for trans people MORE : Annie Wallace: Pride is a protest – the message of tolerance is working extra hard right now MORE : I’ve marched at every single London Pride since 1972 – these are my memories 