When Lois Mallett-Walker bought her Glastonbury ticket with her husband Tom Walker before the pandemic, she didn’t envision someone else might be joining them. Now three years on, the pair are expecting their first child together – but were both still determined to attend the event. So the couple came up with a meticulous plan to ensure Lois could still go to Glastonbury while heavily pregnant. They stocked up on pregnant camping essentials – including a double air mattress, an electric fan and a paddling pool – and carefully considered the logistics. Lois even bought a portable toilet – so she wasn’t caught short at the long queues for the loo. Now the event is almost over, the mum-to-be is sharing some of the key things she packed – to ensure other pregnant women don’t miss out on things they’ve booked. The 31-year-old said: ‘Realistically, we definitely wouldn’t have planned for me to be here so pregnant. ‘But we bought the tickets for 2020 Glastonbury which were rolled over to this year – and we have literally been trying to get tickets for about 10 years. ‘It was also our 11th wedding anniversary on Saturday so we didn’t to be apart from each other. ‘I think people have a pre-conception of Glastonbury but you can do Glastonbury the way you want to. ‘I don’t think Glastonbury is for the fainted-hearted but when you really love music, with preparation and a good sidekick who will help you out – it can be done pregnant.’ The pair also had their hospital bag ready and waiting in the parked car, in case she felt labour coming on. They also planned to see two or three acts a day – and chose these in advance. When they arrive at each act, Tom whips out a chair with an umbrella for Lois to sit on, near the back of the crowd. Back at camp, they also have a stove to cook some healthier dinners – along with their other camping essentials. Lois adds: ‘The handheld fan and portable toilet have been lifesaving. I genuinely don’t think I could have coped without these two things. ‘Don’t get me wrong, I will definitely be tired by Monday and longing for my bed. And it’s a story to tell our precious little baby. ‘My mum took me on safari to Kenya when she was seven and a half months pregnant with me and I always loved that story – so now we are making our own story.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Getting pregnant alerts mum to breast cancer: ‘Everything happens for a reason’ MORE : Student gets shock of her life after going to the toilet and giving birth to surprise baby MORE : How to keep your baby cool during summer hot weather