A Polish immigrant had not even been in the capital for an hour before he was beaten up for asking for directions, he claims. Kamil Sobala, 31, used to live in the UK in 2013, and after returning to his home county for a while, decided to move back to London with some friends. He arrived at Victoria Station to meet them at a pub on Saturday evening but his phone had died, so he asked some Brits for directions. He said: ‘I wanted to know where to go to charge my phone and where the underground station was. ‘Instead of them just saying “sorry I can’t help you” they swore at me. Then they asked me where I was from and I said Poland. ‘Then they started beating me. It’s terrible. I’m just scared of going to the shop I can’t sleep and I’m scared as well as full of pain. ‘My back is painful and so is my eye, cheek and face. It was racist. They didn’t start attacking me until I said I was from Poland. ‘They punched me until I couldn’t remember anything.’ Someone from inside a nearby pub filmed what appears to be Kamil getting punched repeatedly. Witnesses did call the police but the Metropolitan Police did not attend the alleged assault. This is because the suspects had left and an ambulance had arrived by the time officers were called – meaning it wasn’t in the force’s highest category of importance. However, the police have since spoken to Kamil and other witnesses as part of an investigation into the attack. Kamil was taken to hospital where he woke up ‘shaken by the experience’. He said he is still struggling, he has even turned to drinking to ‘stop the pain’. The Met Police said: ‘Officers did not attend this incident but have since spoken to both the victim and witnesses of this assault. The investigation is ongoing to identify the person responsible for this attack. When police receive calls about incidents they are graded on a number of reasons, including whether there is an immediate threat to life. ‘In this case, the caller stated the suspect had left the scene and an ambulance had been called, meaning it was not graded in the highest category for a response.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.