A man and woman who stole painkillers from the home of a terminally ill dad in a violent incident at his home have both been jailed for two years. Leanne Chilton had first turned up at the house in County Durham with another woman and started banging on the windows around 3am on December 16 last year. A man staying at the house to look after his unwell father was woken up and opened the back door, telling them to go away. But the pair managed to prise the door open further, enabling them to gain access, before assaulting the man, asking where ‘the drugs’ were, prosecutor Shaun Dryden told Teesside Crown Court. The male defendant Shaun O’Kane then turned up, supposedly to try to quell the violence, but he became involved and punched the man staying at the house at least five times about the head and body. Chilton then also attacked a teenage girl staying at the house who had been sleeping in another room. As they left, one of the pair took strong pain-killing medication prescribed for the terminally ill patient. When O’Kane was traced and arrested a few hours later he was so intoxicated by the stolen medication that he had to be taken to hospital for treatment. Liam O’Brien, defending O’Kane, said his client had intended to try to stay on the straight and narrow after serving a previous sentence. ‘He managed to stay offence-free for quite some time, for someone with his record, and he’s disappointed in himself at the position he now finds himself, back at square one,’ he said. Mr O’Brien said while in custody O’Kane feels he has not been able to properly grieve family tragedies that have taken place in recent months. Shada Mellor, for Chilton, said she was under the influence of ‘illicit substances’ on the night on the incident, when events, ‘escalated, quickly getting out of control’. But she said the defendant feels that she has benefitted from her time on remand in custody, taking educational and vocational courses. ‘For the first time in a long time she is free of illicit drugs,’ she added. O’Kane, 35, and Chilton, 27, both admitted affray while O’Kane, of Stanley, also admitted handling the stolen medication. Chilton, formerly of Chester-le-Street, also admitted assault causing actual bodily harm, relating to the attack on the teenage girl. Judge Chris Smith said it was ‘an unhappy set of circumstances’ and whatever their initial motives it turned into ‘an ugly incident with sustained violence.’ He gave both a 24-month prison sentence. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.