We know, we know, it’s been a while since you’ve seen the sun in the UK… But for some people, it has been so long they have completely forgotten how to act sensibly in it. Brits keen to soak up the rays have rushed out into the sun without a care in the world – and it’s backfired a bit. We truly hope someone has offered them some aloe vera by now, but with temperatures soaring across the country this week they won’t be the only ones. Other people have been spotted out in the sun struggling to cope with the heat – holding umbrellas, coats and quite frankly, anything they can find over their heads to stay in the shade. And it’s only going to get worse, as the Met Office warned the high temperatures are set to continue for the next few days – and potentially get even higher. Forecaster Steven Keates said: ‘There’s not been much in the way of exceptionally warm days or hot days yet this year, but that is set to change.’ ‘We’re set to see probably a brief spell of hot weather at the end of this coming week.’ South East England may experience temperatures of 32°C on Friday, with Steven adding: ‘It could possibly be a little hotter than that… mid-thirties are possible.’ As a result, a heat health alert has been issued across much of the country. A Level 2 alert is in place for most of southern and central England, and a Level 1 alert is in place for northern England. The alert acts as an early warning system highlight periods of high temperatures, which may affect the health of the public. People have been urged to check on elderly relatives and vulnerable loved ones over the course of the week. It could be hotter than Portugal, Costa Rica and Cyprus on Friday – which has already been dubbed ‘fiery Friday’. Craig Snell, also from the Met Office, added: ‘Very high UV levels are expected in the South this week, meaning people should really avoid being in the sun during the midday hours.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.