Aldi has a number of offers in the middle aisle every week – called Specialbuys. From egg chairs to bedding, and fire pits to gin, there are always some great deals to be found. If you’re planning ahead to visit the iconic middle aisle – or you prefer to get your bargains online – we’ve got you covered. Here are our top picks of this week’s Aldi Specialbuys. Head to Aldi for Bank Holiday bargains whatever your plans. From exercise equipment to garden party staples, there’s plenty to choose from. Combining gas with the flavour of charcoal grilling, this barbecue gives you the best of both worlds. Other features include thermometers, food warming racks, and a 3.2kW side burner. Buy for £199.99 exclusively on the Aldi website now. Planning on a spot of exercise after the Bank Holiday weekend celebrations? This stationary bike has been reduced from £129.99 and comes with all the mod cons you’d expect. On an LCD display, you can track revolutions per minute, speed, time, distance, heart rate, and recovery as you ride. Buy for £119.99 exclusively on the Aldi website. Level up your runs and hikes by adding a weighted backpack to your journeys. This one comes in at 20kg and has five handles so you can switch up positioning. A handy multipurpose workout tool you can tailor to your needs. Buy for £26.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. Perfect for festivals and camping trips, this gazebo easily folds down into a portable backpack. It features a steel powder coated frame, water resistant and UPF50+ material. Buy for £44.99 on the Aldi website now, and in stores from Sunday June 5. You can order online and find more Specialbuys on the Aldi website. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below MORE : A beginner’s guide to tarot: How to see people and time scales in tarot cards MORE : DIY mum quits her job to turn cheap scaffolding boards into stylish furniture