The heatwave has come as a welcome change for many who were fed up with the rubbish UK weather. But being typical Brits, we complain about the rain and cold all winter and then when summer finally arrives, we just can’t hack it. And as the country recorded its second consecutive hottest day of the year yesterday – with highs of 29.3°C registered at Heathrow and Kew Gardens in London – it got a little much for some. After yesterday’s third day of the Royal Ascot in Berkshire, known as Ladies’ Day, took place many people were seen looking a little worse for wear when leaving. Racegoers were seen sitting by the roadside taking their high heels off – or in one unfortunate case lying on the ground – before heading home or to the pub. The formal dress code for the Royal Ascot is unlikely to help – full morning suits and smart dresses and hats. But to combat this issue, for the first time in the famous race’s history men were allowed to remove their ties today. Spectators were also allowed to bring in their own water and soft drinks, as the soaring temperatures may make for uncomfortable viewing. Men were expected to arrive at the racecourse in the full formal gear, but after the royal procession took place at 2pm they were allowed to take the ties and jackets off. A spokesperson for Royal Ascot said: ‘The dress code has been relaxed – this means that racegoers will be expected to arrive compliant but can remove jackets and ties as the day goes on due to the high temperatures. ‘We are also allowing guests in all enclosures to bring water and soft drinks on site. ‘From time to time, amendments have been made. ‘There is precedent for dress code not being enforced for hot weather, and one year visitors were advised to wear boots if they were using the Royal Enclosure Gardens when they were waterlogged. ‘It’s rare to relax the dress code but common sense has to apply in extremes of temperature or weather conditions, for everyone’s safety and comfort.’ READ MORE: What to do to stay safe during UK heatwave and how to look out for others Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.