Another big name Tory MP has said he will vote against the prime minister in tonight’s vote of no confidence. Jeremy Hunt, who stood against Boris Johnson in the party leadership in 2019, said that he would vote against the Prime Minister, warning the Tories would lose the next election if he remained in post. The former foreign secretary said: ‘Having been trusted with power, Conservative MPs know in our hearts we are not giving the British people the leadership they deserve. ‘We are not offering the integrity, competence and vision necessary to unleash the enormous potential of our country. ‘And because we are no longer trusted by the electorate, who know this too, we are set to lose the next general election. ‘Anyone who believes our country is stronger, fairer and more prosperous when led by Conservatives should reflect that the consequence of not changing will be to hand the country to others who do not share those values. ‘Today’s decision is change or lose. I will be voting for change.’ He said that he had not wanted to have a leadership debate now due to the war in Ukraine ‘but under our rules we must do that’. His statement comes after former minister Jesse Norman also said he would vote against the prime minister tonight, after at least 15% of Tory MPs sent in letters saying that they no longer backed him as their leader, triggering a formal vote. In one of the most brutal no confidence letters submitted so far, he said Mr Johnson had presided over ‘a culture of casual law-breaking’ in No 10 and that his claim to be vindicated by the Sue Gray report was ‘grotesque’. But cabinet ministers rallied round him – including those who could seek to replace him if he is forced out. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said: ‘The Prime Minister has my 100% backing in today’s vote and I strongly encourage colleagues to support him. ‘He has delivered on Covid recovery and supporting Ukraine in the face of Russian aggression. He has apologised for mistakes made. We must now focus on economic growth.’ Chancellor Rishi Sunak said ‘the PM has shown the strong leadership our country needs’. ‘I am backing him today and will continue to back him as we focus on growing the economy, tackling the cost of living and clearing the Covid backlogs,’ Mr Sunak said. Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab said: ‘The PM has got the big calls right – securing life-saving vaccines, firing up our economy and standing up to Putin’s aggression against Ukraine. ‘We need to back him, unite and focus on delivering the people’s priorities.’ MPs will vote between 6pm and 8pm this evening, after Boris Johnson addresses backbenchers this afternoon to try and shore up support. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.