Andy Murray says he has been inspired by the performances of tennis veterans Rafael Nadal and Marin Cilic at this year’s French Open. On Friday, both Nadal, 36, and Cilic, 33, will feature in the semi-finals at Roland Garros after rolling back the years by playing some of their best tennis. Meanwhile, Murray is competing at the Surbiton Trophy this week after deciding to skip the clay Grand Slam in order to prepare for Wimbledon which begins on June 27. The Scot, now ranked 67 in the world, has struggled to make a mark on the tour since having his hip replaced but believes Nadal – who has had his own injury issues – and Cilic – who has made the last four at the French Open for the first time – have shown there is a way back to the top. The 35-year-old said: ‘I can take some inspiration from those guys. ‘I don’t know whether it’s Rafa’s last run or not because he seems to be doing physically really well during the event, so I hope he’s able to continue going for a while. ‘Cilic as well, he’s someone I grew up with in the juniors and played a lot with. He has just made the semis of the French for the first ever time at 33 and is playing really well.’ On Thursday, Murray went through to the quarter-finals at Surbiton after securing a 7-6 (7-4) 7-6 (7-3) victory over Holland’s Gijs Brouwer. On Friday, he faces American Brandon Nakashima for a place in the last four at the Challenger event. The three-time Grand Slam champion has not won a singles tournament on grass since his Wimbledon victory in 2016 and hopes getting matches under his belt will leave him in good stead for the All England Club. He added: ‘I have done a lot of training, practised a lot, so now I need the matches and hopefully I’ll get a bunch of matches to get me ready for Wimbledon.’ Next week, Murray is due to play at the Stuttgart Open before featuring at Queen’s Club later this month. MORE : Andy Murray reveals aim to pair up with Emma Raducanu at Wimbledon MORE : Rafael Nadal hits out at French Open after late-night finish to Novak Djokovic victory For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 