The mum of a boy at the centre of a life-support treatment dispute says she is ‘fighting for his life’ while she waits for a High Court judge to decide his future. Archie Battersbee, 12, is currently on life-support at the Royal London Hospital in east London. He was admitted after his mum found him unconscious with a ligature over his head on April 7, he has not regained consciousness since. Doctors treating Archie think he is ‘brain-stem dead’. They say his life-support treatment should end and he should be disconnected from a ventilator. But his parents, Hollie Dance and Paul Battersbee, from Southend, Essex, say their son’s heart is still beating and want treatment to continue. Lawyers representing the Royal London Hospital’s governing trust, Barts Health NHS Trust, have asked Mrs Justice Arbuthnot to decide what is in Archie’s best interests. She finished overseeing a hearing concerning the youngster’s care in the Family Division of the High Court yesterday and is expected to deliver her ruling on Monday. Appearing on ITV’s Good Morning Britain today, Hollie said she was determined to fight for Archie’s life. ‘If I don’t explore every avenue and if I don’t fight for his life, then, later on, we realise, actually we didn’t look into that, we’ve missed something, I’m going to spend the rest of my life not knowing and thinking “what if, what if?”,’ she said. ‘I’m going with my gut, a mother’s instinct, and a father’s, I think you should really go with it.’ Hollie said ‘every single minute’ she had with her son ‘is precious’ but the disagreement over Archie’s care meant she had needed to go to court every day, sometimes not getting back to the hospital until half 7.30pm. During the course of the hearing, Mrs Justice Arbuthnot heard how Archie suffered brain damage. A specialist, who cannot be named, told her the lower part of Archie’s brain stem was significantly damaged, and the upper part also had damage to it. Mrs Justice Arbuthnot ruled last Friday that Archie should undergo further scans, including a brain stem test, before she made her final decision. Tests showed no sign of improvement since mid-April but there were signs of deterioration, he said, adding the boy’s prognosis was ‘very grave’ and his chances of recovery were ‘very low’. ‘I think Archie has sustained serious enough brain damage that a point of return is unlikely,’ he told the court. Asked by Barts Health NHS Trust’s legal team if parts of Archie’s brain and spinal cord had died, and were decaying, the specialist replied: ‘Yes.’ Lawyers representing Archie’s family have told the judge that his heart is still beating. They also say there was an issue as to whether ‘the correct procedure’ had been followed, and whether the ‘family’s views’ had been taken into account. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.