Police are hunting a man accused of approaching several girls, removing their shoes and sniffing their feet in an act of fetishism. Five incidents have been reported over the last five months near Bristol and Gloucester. Avon and Somerset Police has since issued an e-fit of what the man from the Bristol incidents is thought to look like. The reported incidents in the two areas are as follows: It is not known whether the same man is responsible for all five incidents or they are unrelated. Three of the victims, those from Yate and Chipping Sodbury, are understood to have been pupils at the South Gloucestershire and Stroud College. All the students were girls aged between 10 and 15 years old. Police say the girls were approached by a man who asked them for the time. He then attacked them and pushed them over, before taking their shoes off and sniffing their feet. The college is urging students not to make their daily commute alone. A South Gloucestershire and Stroud College spokesperson said: ‘The police have advised students not to walk to or from college alone, have mobile phones with them when walking to and from college and to call 999 straight away if any unknown male tries to come up to them or speak to them without a valid reason. ‘The male has been described as being white, 5ft 6in, skinny build, short blond/brown hair, patchy beard, blue eyes, spotty complexion and around 19 years old. ‘He has targeted females between the ages of 10 and 15 within the areas of Yate and Chipping Sodbury between 3pm and 5pm.’ Avon and Somerset Police said the man was wearing a light red, blue and white block colour coat, dark trousers and blue trainers. ‘The three girls are aged between 10 and 15 and on each occasion the man has touched the children’s shoes or feet without their permission,’ a spokesperson said. ‘Following an earlier appeal (after the second Yate incident) we’ve been grateful for a number of calls with information, which are all being assessed and followed-up. ‘Officers continue to carry out targeted patrols in Yate and Chipping Sodbury, and have contacted local secondary schools to make sure children and their parents and carers were aware of the issue.’ Gloucestershire Police is investigating the two other incidents but it is unclear whether they are connected to the Bristol attacks. Anyone who has information or may recognise the man is encouraged to call local police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.