Madonna is no stranger to a risqué performance, or even an on-stage kiss – who could forget that iconic moment with Britney Spears at the 2003 VMAs? And it seems like she doesn’t plan on slowing down with her racy antics, as the pop star shared a passionate snog with rapper Tokischa on stage in New York City. Madonna, 63, was joined by Tokischa, 26, for a performance of her hit Hung Up, with the pair going in for a rather intense kiss at the end, before Madonna slapped Tokischa’s bum as she walked off the stage. As to be expected, the crowd went wild when the heavy kiss happened, with the ladies physically unable to get any closer as they grabbed onto one another. It was a pretty sensual performance throughout, to be honest, with some sexy choreography. The performance was part of Madonna’s Finally Enough Love club date at Terminal 5 in NYC. She was joined by Los Frailes-born Tokischa for the surprise set, whose songs include titles like Linda, Perra, and Singamo. It was a last minute appearance, though, with the Live A Prayer hitmaker only announced recently as a performer for the show, in celebration of Pride. As well as the timeless bop that is Hung Up, she performed some of her other biggest hits, with her set list including Vogue, Holiday, Material Girl and Ray of Light. In true Madonna fashion, she was dressed in a saucy outfit, donning sparkly black hot pants, a lace top and chains for the bash. Oh, and fishnets, obviously. It wasn’t long ago that Madonna recreated her famous kiss with fellow pop queen Britney at the Toxic singer’s wedding to Sam Asghari, which Madonna attended alongside the likes of Selena Gomez and Paris Hilton. The singers initially sent fans into a frenzy when they opened the 2003 Video Music Awards singing Madonna’s Like a Virgin, when Britney emerged out of a wedding cake while dressed as a bride, recreating Madonna’s 1984 VMAs performance. Christina Aguilera then joined the two on stage, but it was Madonna and Brit who ended up locking lips. Years later in 2018, Dirty songstress Christina admitted that she felt left out of the moment, since she also kissed Madonna but claims it was not aired. She said in a radio interview: ‘It was weird. And you know why they cut away for it? Because they cut away to get Justin [Timberlake’s] reaction.’ The musician branded the manufactured drama a ‘cheap shot’, since Britney and Justin had split up. ‘I definitely saw the newspaper the next day and it was like, “Oh, well, I guess I got left out of that”,’ she recalled. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Kelly Holmes reveals she only came out to friend of 3 decades Sally Gunnell at Queen’s Platinum Jubilee MORE : Mel C has a ‘good feeling’ that Victoria Beckham would perform with the Spice Girls at Glastonbury Festival 