Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey hosted her daughter Aurelia’s first birthday without her dad, after The Wanted star died earlier this year, following a battle with a stage four glioblastoma brain tumour. Tom died at the age of 33 in March after he was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour, in October 2020, and was given just 12 months to live by doctors. He and wife Kelsey shared two children, Aurelia, who celebrated her third birthday with a princess themed party, and Bodhi, one. Kelsey shared Aurelia’s party, fit for a princess, on Instagram, showing the adorable three-year-old in a pink party dress, posing with Disney princesses like Elsa and Rapunzel, and belting out some tunes into a microphone. One picture showed Kelsey holding her daughter, as they both donned matching pink dresses, while Aurelia paired hers with a cute matching bow. Celebrating Aurelia’s birthday at the party, and offering their support to Kelsey who was hosting the first birthday without her husband, were EastEnders star Louisa Lytton and Grammy nominated Ruth-Anne. The party follows Kelsey recently opening up about Father’s Day, saying she is determined to make it a ‘celebration’ for her children. Ahead of the day last weekend, Kelsey said: ‘Aurelia’s nursery school has asked me about making cards and they said, “We know she will be able to cope with making a card,” and she talks about her dad to them, so I’m more than happy for her to make a card for her dad.’ She added to OK!: ‘In years to come I think it will get harder for the children. This year where they’re young and they don’t really understand it, in years to come we will make it a celebration. ‘It will be hard for me, but for the children I don’t think it will be as hard this year. As they get older they’ll ask more questions about Father’s Day.’ Kelsey also shared a sweet video of the two children on Father’s Day, thanking fans for their messages. She wrote: ‘I had an inbox full of lovely messages before 9am this morning and I can’t tell you how much it helped me put on my best smile and get up this morning. ‘Father’s Day is not easy for everyone but it’s a chance to celebrate all the amazing Dads out there including Tom and celebrating him is currently my favourite thing to do. We got this #positiveparkers #fathersday #tomparker #instacommunity.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey says Father’s Day will ‘get harder’ for children – but they’ll make it a celebration MORE : Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey reveals what gift she gave Ed Sheeran for helping with medical bills after struggling to choose 