A mum who was hailed a ‘medical miracle’ after battling sepsis could now lose her left leg. Sadie Kemp, 34, has already had all 10 fingers amputated as a result of her diagnosis. She had been rushed to hospital on December 25 last year with what she thought was back pain. Sadie was given painkillers but, the following day, returned to A&E again and this time collapsed in front of doctors. She woke up on life support two weeks later and learned she had gone into septic shock from an infected kidney stone. She remained in hospital for 103 nights during the ordeal and was described as a ‘medical miracle’ by staff for surviving. The 34-year-old, from Peterborough, has been awaiting news on her possible leg amputation for months. In April, she was able to return home where she and her two sons, 16-year-old Kenzie and Hendrix, two, await further information. Currently, her left leg will likely be amputated below the knee but it is unknown if she will also lose her right leg. Upon news of losing her left leg, Sadie said: ‘I knew it was coming but when you actually hear it, like this is definitely what’s happening it hits home a little bit. ‘I didn’t cope very well for about two days after. ‘But then I just remember that the sooner I get it done I can get prosthetics and learn how to drive again and live a fairly reasonable, normal life’. She added: ‘I’ve had eight operations altogether and that’s just on my hands. It’s been a very long, long process’. Sadie is due to have her last operation on her hands in mid-June where she will also receive treatment for her right leg to see if it can avoid being amputated. Raising funds for prosthetic hands has been a major concern, leading to the creation of a GoFundMe page. It has raised £45,000 but Sadie needs to save £70,000 in total to make her dream a reality. Sadie said: ‘I have no idea how we’re going to be able to raise that much money for hands. ‘I’m just going to keep this GoFundMe page running. ‘And so at the moment I’m just throwing all my energy and my mind into fundraising for critical care for the people who saved my life, otherwise my mind is going to go crazy.’ She added: ‘I’ve always said when I get prosthetics I want them to look like prosthetics, I don’t want to blend into the crowd. ‘I really want new hands for Christmas as I got poorly Christmas day’. To donate to Sadie’s appeal, visit: https://www.gofundme.com/f/support-for-sadie-after-surviving-sepsis Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.