If you’re anything like me, your best friend is probably the snooze button. When my alarm goes off at 6am, I usually reach for it and hit snooze four times before finally dragging myself out of bed. I’m not alone, because research says that the average Brit sets their alarm for 6.47am, but most people snooze their alarm for another 25 minutes before actually getting up. Crawling out of bed in this manner can often leave people feeling lacklustre, tired and like they could sleep for another three hours. But could waking up even earlier be the secret to being more productive and doing better at work? The ‘4am club’ isn’t a new phenomenon, but in 2022 it seems to be the answer to getting ahead, according to business support platform Rovva. It promises productivity, efficiency and a clear head – so do we need to rise before the sun in order to do smash through our to-do lists? The productive professionals who claim to be a part of the 4am club get up early and get through their to-do lists before the rest of the world has even opened their eyes. By the time most of the world is settling into work at 9am, these early risers have done half their day already. You might think that rising early means you’ll feel worse for wear, but many claim that the benefits outweigh the pain of an early start. Rovva reports that early risers feel like they’ve had a head start by getting ahead with tasks and projects without getting distracted. Rising early also means you can get into a solid routine where you set aside an hour for working out or meditating – meaning it can help with mindfulness, too. Emma George, owner of EGVS, believes the 4am club has truly benefited her and her business. ‘As a mummy to three children, waking before the rest of the house is key for me. I’ve always been an early riser, even before having kids,’ she says. ‘By the time the rest of my house is up, I feel like I’ve completed half of my day. ‘By 6.30 am (before the kids wake) I am able to tackle any issues or clashes within my client’s business (if any have arisen) and make them aware before their day starts which also makes me feel like I’m on top of my game. ‘My typical morning starts with my jazz music alarm (you can’t beat a saxophone), I will then write down three things I am grateful for – this always helps to kickstart my mood. ‘I make a mug of hot water and lemon and I then check my inbox and complete any personal admin, followed by my clients.’ For anyone wanting to try the 4am club, Emma urges that you challenge yourself and go for it. She adds: ‘Commit to setting your alarm for 4am for one week, create yourself a routine, whether that’s a workout, yoga, reading or work. ‘If you want to be super organised, set out your task list the night before or have your gym wear out so you’re all ready to go when you wake. You won’t regret it.’ Jodie Harris, a PR professional from Brighton, uses her early starts to get a head start on the life admin tasks that she’s often too busy to do in the day. ‘I naturally get up at 4:30am and have realised that is actually my most productive time of the day,’ she explains. ‘Instead of staying in bed scrolling on my phone I get up, tidy the house, and do some of the admin bits that I’m too busy to do in the day. ‘I find the early hours are great for tasks you don’t have headspace for during typical working hours. ‘For anyone that wants to the join the 4am club start gradually, begin by setting your alarm earlier and getting up immediately. Have a shower, have a coffee, go for a run whatever it is, but just make sure you get up and go. ‘I’d also take advantage of the lighter summer mornings as it’s much harder to start in winter.’ It seems as though early starts really can work in making us feel more productive and raring to go. So, will you be signing up to the 4am club and setting your alarm for the small hours of the morning tonight? Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Can a sunrise alarm clock make waking up easier? I tried it out MORE : How to wake yourself up and become a morning person MORE : Why do I keep waking up at 3 or 4am?