Kevin Spacey will appear at Westminster Magistrates’ Court on Thursday charged with four counts of sexual assault against three men, the Metropolitan Police has said. It comes after the Hollywood star said he would ‘voluntarily appear’ in a British court because he is ‘confident’ he can prove his innocence following allegations of multiple sexual assaults. The 62-year-old Oscar-winning actor is facing two counts of sexual assault on a man who is now in his 40s, in March 2005 in London, sexual assault on a man who is now in his 30s, in August 2008 in London, and causing him to engage in penetrative sexual activity without consent. Spacey also faces a charge of sexual assault on a man, now aged in his 30s, in April 2013 in Gloucestershire. In cases such as this, the person concerned can choose to return to face charges, but, if this does not happen, prosecutors could seek to start extradition proceedings. Last week, Spacey said in a statement shared on Good Morning America: ‘I very much appreciate the Crown Prosecution Service’s statement in which they carefully reminded the media and the public that I am entitled to a fair trial, and innocent until proven otherwise. ‘While I am disappointed with their decision to move forward, I will voluntarily appear in the UK as soon as can be arranged and defend myself against these charges, which I am confident will prove my innocence.’ The alleged incidents took place in London between March 2005 and August 2008, and in Gloucestershire in April 2013. The CPS authorised the charges following a review of the evidence gathered by the Metropolitan Police in their previous investigation into the actor. Rosemary Ainslie, head of the CPS Special Crime Division, said: ‘The CPS has authorised criminal charges against Kevin Spacey, 62, for four counts of sexual assault against three men. ‘He has also been charged with causing a person to engage in penetrative sexual activity without consent. ‘The charges follow a review of the evidence gathered by the Metropolitan Police in its investigation. ‘The Crown Prosecution Service reminds all concerned that criminal proceedings against Mr Spacey are active and that he has the right to a fair trial.’ Spacey’s alleged victims are in their 30s and 40s. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 