Johnny Depp’s lawyer, Camille Vasqeuz, was branded ‘wonder woman’ after helping a fellow passenger on a plane, it has been claimed. The attorney, who was on the Pirates of the Caribbean actor’s legal team for his recent victory against ex-wife Amber Heard, was traveling in first class on an American Airlines flight from Los Angeles to New York this week, when a man had a medical emergency on board. According to reports, the passenger collapsed while walking past her, and hit his head. She is thought to have jumped into action as a flight attendant went to get help, calling her brother-in-law who helped her determine whether he was having a heart attack. A surgeon on board quickly relieved her of her duties and took over caring for the man, while the pilot returned the plane to LAX so that he was able to get treatment. American Airlines told Metro.co.uk in a statement: ‘On June 20, American Airlines flight 184 with service from Los Angeles (LAX) to New York (JFK) returned to Los Angeles due to the medical needs of a customer.’ The passenger’s current condition is unknown, according to TMZ. Vasquez was presented with champagne and a bottle of merlot for her quick-thinking, as a crew member called her ‘wonder woman’, the outlet added. The lawyer was on Depp’s team for his defamation victory against Heard and became a sensation on social media during the trial. Following the win, she was promoted to partner level at law firm Brown Rudnick. Vasquez will soon be reunited with the Edward Scissorhands actor in his upcoming assault trial, over allegations he assaulted a crew member on the set of City of Lies. A source close to the 59-year-old confirmed to Metro.co.uk that she will once again represent him in his upcoming court appearance. Depp has been accused of assaulting City of Lies crew member Gregg ‘Rocky’ Brooks while on set in 2017, with the location manager naming him in a personal injury lawsuit. According to reports, he ‘maliciously and forcefully’ punched Brooks twice in the ribs while they were filming in April, 2017, and allegedly said he would pay him $100,000 to ‘punch [him] in the face’. However, the Hollywood star has maintained that Brooks ‘provoked’ others on set, claiming that his actions were out of self-defense. The trial is due to begin on July 25 – but it is not clear whether cameras will be allowed in the courtroom after Depp’s trial against Heard was livestreamed on YouTube. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Beyoncé’s Break My Soul trails outside top 20 on UK Official Singles Chart while Kate Bush retains number one spot MORE : Man Vs Bee an ‘extension of 90s Mr Bean sketch’, says Rowan Atkinson 