Love Island contestant Luca Bish has left fans making a brilliant observation after the Brighton-based fishmonger revealed his favourite sex positions during Monday night’s opener. Luca found some time during tonight’s episode to chat with Paige, soon making clear his attraction to the Welsh islander. Luca quickly got the important questions out the way, asking her what her favourite sex position is, of course. She revealed hers was the ‘broken eagle’ but passed on the opportunity to give him a demonstration. Instead, she explained: ’It’s like, when the girl lies on the bottom, lying on my front, you know how girls sleep half bent, the other half straight, the guy doing his thing…’ Without being prompted, he replied: ‘My one, my favourite sex position is the oyster? Your legs are like, up in the air…’ ‘My head’s poking through your legs, sort of thing. Might as well get to know each other quickly But those watching at home were left laughing at the comments from Luca, who has already shared with his fellow contestants his occupation as a fishmonger. Taking to Twitter, one viewer said: ‘Not Luca the fishmonger’s favourite sex position being the ✨oyster✨ #loveisland.’ ‘Oyster is because he is a fishmonger #loveisland,’ another echoed. Someone else commented: ‘Sorry the guy who works at a fish market saying his favourite sex position is the Oyster has ended me. #LoveIsland.’ Previous winner Amber Gill also weighed in: ‘Luca trying to be quirky “Oyster” sir u just made that up on the spot! #loveisland.’ ‘What is this oyster position… ON THE FIRST DAY #LoveIsland,’ added another fan. On the whole, those watching at home were left completely baffled by the named sex positions and weren’t sure what the pair were referring to. ‘Broken Eagle? Oyster? What in the Cosmo is this #LoveIsland,’ someone joked, with another adding: ‘No. YOU’RE googling broken eagle. #LoveIsland.’ ‘Everyone watching while googling broken eagle #loveisland,’ a viewer wrote. Nope, we have no clue either. Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island 2022: Iain Stirling makes savage dig at ex-Tory MP caught watching porn in House of Commons MORE : Love Island 2022: Indiyah Polack’s reaction to Ikenna Ekwonna coupling has fans howling 