Retirement isn’t something that we think about on the regular, but it’s actually a huge part of life for us all. When you think of retirement you probably have a negative image of sitting in a chair day in, day out, and knitting endlessly. And while there’s nothing wrong with doing that, due to more of us living longer and retiring later (still full of beans and raring to grab life by the horns) retiring needn’t be a gloomy topic. After all, it’s an opportunity to rest, unwind and enjoy your golden years to the fullest by doing the things we love most. Seeing family. Making new friends. Going to the beach. Heading on countryside walks. Going out for coffee. And soaking up what life has to offer in the slow lane. With more retirees relocating in their later years, the UK has seen a huge surge of demand for retirement homes across over the last 12 months. But what are the reasons behind the yearning for moving area? Well, new research from Lottie has analysed several lifestyle factors crucial later in life. From popularity of the area, to affordability for day-to-day living, investment prospects, air pollution and crime rates – it has now been exclusively revealed to Metro.co.uk the happiest retirement locations across the UK. Nick Jones, head of retirement living at Lottie, says: ‘From safety and security to wellbeing and affordability, there are lots of factors that determine the perfect retirement location – and this is different for us all. ‘For example, locations popular with retiree’s offer great opportunities to socialise and build friendships later in life. ‘Affordable locations can help make it easier to live comfortably on a fixed income, while good investment prospects can help your pension pot to go further – as we face a rising cost of living. ‘Researching the air pollution of an area can help determine how beneficial a new location may be for your overall health and low crime rates offer a sense of safety and security. ‘Our new research shows that locations offering a balance of affordability, community spirit and security are the happiest places to retire in the UK in 2022.’ Here are the top seven happiest locations to retire in the UK, according to the new research: According to retirement experts, Wiltshire is the happiest place to retire in the UK – and has an overall score of 27. With beautiful countryside, outdoor adventures and historic towns (Stonehenge is less than a half hour drive away) and cities filled with quaint cafes and tearooms – Google searches for ‘retirement homes in Wiltshire’ have surged by 150% over the last 12 months. Wiltshire is the perfect place to move if you’re looking for low air pollution and crime rates, great affordability, and a laidback atmosphere. It’s worth pointing out that house prices in Wiltshire have an average price of £330,189 over the last year. With a score of 26, Buckinghamshire comes in second. Famous for open countryside, historic houses and landscaped gardens, Buckinghamshire is the second happiest place to retire in the UK. The research also found that retirement homes in Buckinghamshire offer ‘one of the best retirement living investment scores’ – making it a great place to relocate to for your golden years. Properties in this area have an average price of £493,472 over the last year. Dorset is the perfect place to retire thanks to its sprawling selection of coastline towns. From Poole to Sandbanks and Bournemouth to Christchurch – there are a whole host of towns that suit the retiree perfectly. Dorset scored well in each wellbeing factor when assessed – perhaps down to the perks of living by the sea (fresh air, long walks etc). With low crime rates and air pollution, safety, and security – Dorset is the ideal place to unwind in later life – with house prices on average around £387,233. With sandy beaches, open countryside, green woodlands and bustling towns and cities, it’s no wonder Somerset is a popular spot for retiring. Great for investing in a home – thanks to house prices increasing – Somerset has seen them increase over 10% in the last 12 months. The average house price in the region is around £299,912. If you’re wondering what to do with your savings and looking to settle down in the country, investing in property in Somerset is a great option to consider. Coming in fifth is the West Midlands, which has one of the most diverse cultures in the UK. Full of heritage, countryside, and cities – it’s a great spot to enjoy activities galore. From shopping, luxury dining, exploring the outdoors and waterways of the UK – there’s plenty to do in later life. Boasting of affordable house prices (around  £266,646 on average) and a strong wellbeing score, it’s a great place to consider moving to. If you’re not a fan of the slow life in the countryside, then Manchester might be the place for you. With the perfect mix of a bustling city centre and leafy suburbs, Manchester is near the Peak District and Lake District – which is perfect if you fancy a bit of of time away from the city. Research also revealed that Manchester has the highest retirement affordability score in the top seven – meaning you won’t have to sacrifice price or location. House prices for the region are considerably cheaper than the south too, with properties coming in around £279,454 on average. Nottinghamshire is the seventh happiest place to retire in the UK, according to the findings. Home to scenic countryside, iconic landmarks, such as Sherwood Forest, and quaint villages – it’s the ideal place to slow down in later life. Google searches for ‘retirement homes in Nottinghamshire’ has recently increased by a whopping 200% – proving that the area is in demand. Due to its demand, house prices have increased 12% since last April (2021), meaning that it’s a great place to invest in. The average property in Nottinghamshire is now £239,960. ‘Choosing where to retire is a huge decision – so it’s crucial to plan ahead and do your research, so you can avoid making any costly mistakes,’  explains Nick. ‘With life expectancy increasing and the cost-of-living crisis, it’s more important than ever to avoid costly pitfalls in your retirement.’ Nick has now shared the biggest mistakes to avoid when relocating in later life. By following these tips, you’ll be able to avoid any expensive errors and move to a home that’s perfect for your unique lifestyle goals. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Unretirement’ is on the rise as older workers return to work MORE : Can you give 17-year-old cats Thelma and Louise a retirement home? MORE : HRT shortage: What foods can you eat to help with menopause symptoms?