The Metropolitan Police has been placed into special following a string of scandals. Scotland Yard was made aware of the decision to dub it a failing force by the watchdog responsible for monitoring performance. It’s a new low for an organisation which saw its commissioner forced out in February after losing the confidence of the mayor. Public trust in the country’s largest police force has tumbled, particularly in the wake of the Sarah Everard murder by a serving officer. Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services also reportedly cited the failure to catch serial killer Stephen Port quickly and controversy around stop and search in its decision. The watchdog said: ‘We can confirm that we are now monitoring the Metropolitan Police Service through our Engage process, which provides additional scrutiny and support to help it make improvements.’ Police forces are moved onto enhanced ‘Engage’ support when they are ‘not responding to a cause of concern, or if it is not succeeding in managing, mitigating or eradicating the cause of concern’. Met chiefs will not likely be ordered to draft a formal plan to tackle the force’s failings with input from national police leaders. It emerged last week that the Independent Office for Police Conduct re-examine failures in the Stephen Port investigation after admitting its original probe was ‘materially flawed’. It said ‘new information’ had come to light during inquests into the deaths of Anthony Walgate, Gabriel Kovari, Daniel Whitworth and Jack Taylor. Coroners found that police failings ‘probably’ contributed to the deaths of the last three victims and family members have previously accused the force of not taking the investigation seriously enough because of its links to the gay nightlife scene. None of the 17 officers involved in the original IOPC investigation carried out before the inquests faced disciplinary action, although 16 of them gave ‘no comment’ interviews. Dame Cressida Dick announced she would resign after London mayor Sadiq Khan made it clear he did not have faith she had a strategy to turn the force around. He said ‘deep cultural issues’ were not being tackled on her watch, including ‘overt racism, sexism, misogyny, homophobia, discrimination’. The search for a new commissioner is ongoing, with candidate interviews under way. Responding to the announcement, home secretary Priti Patel said: ‘I expect the police to get the basics right. ‘It is clear the Metropolitan Police Service is falling short of these expectations which is why I support the action that HMICFRS has taken today to highlight their failings – and I expect the Met and the London Mayor to take immediate action to begin addressing them. ‘The process to recruit a new commissioner is well under way and I have made clear that the successful candidate must demonstrate sustained improvements in the Metropolitan Police Service in order to regain public trust both in London and across the country.’ A Met spokesperson said: ‘We recognise the cumulative impact of events and problems that the Met is dealing with. ‘We understand the impact this has had on communities and we share their disappointment. ‘We are determined to be a police service Londoners can be proud of. We are talking to the Inspectorate about next steps.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.