The Saturdays star Mollie King has announced that she’s expecting her first child, sharing a picture of her baby bump on social media. The singer, who’s engaged to England cricketer Stuart Broad, uploaded a black-and-white photo of her and her fiancé to reveal their pregnancy news. ‘Stuart and I are so so happy to share that we’re expecting a baby later this year! We’re absolutely over the moon,’ she wrote in the caption. Messages of congratulations have poured in for the couple from their celebrity friends and fans, with her The Saturdays bandmate Rochelle Humes writing: ‘Best news ever.’ ‘This is so beautiful congratulations darling,’ The Only Way Is Essex star Jessica Wright said in her message to the BBC Radio 1 presenter. On January 1 2021, Mollie, 35, revealed that she and Stuart, 35, were engaged, sharing a post on social media as she showed off her dazzling diamond ring. ‘A thousand times yes! I still can’t believe it, the most magical start to the new year! I can’t wait to spend all my years with you @stuartbroad,’ she wrote at the time. The cricketer shared the same romantic image, adding: ‘The best way to start 2021 @mollieking’. Earlier this month, Mollie wished Stuart and his England cricket teammates luck in the first test of the summer against New Zealand. ‘I’m so excited to come and watch you do what you love and cheer you on!’ she wrote alongside a selfie of them together. ‘Enjoy every minute out there. I’m so proud of you! Come on boys you’ve got this!!’ Following their engagement, the couple opened up to Tatler about their wedding plans, with Mollie saying they wanted the celebration ‘to be relaxed and chilled, and a really fun party’. Mollie and Stuart have been together for several years, with it being reported in 2018 that they had briefly split up. On February 14, she dubbed her partner her ‘forever valentine’ in a romantic snap captured in Paris, aka the City of Love. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Billie Faiers announces she’s pregnant with her third baby with sweet bump picture MORE : Tanya Burr announces she’s pregnant and expecting first child with mystery boyfriend: ‘We love you so much already’ 