Sir Paul McCartney has played a video featuring Johnny Depp during his historic headliner’s set on the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury 2022. The Beatles musician has made history as the oldest ever solo headliner to perform at the iconic festival at 80 years old, delighting the crowds with several of his beloved classic tunes. During his performance, the music video for his 2012 track My Valentine was shown to the thousands of people in the audience. Natalie Portman and Pirates of the Caribbean star Depp both starred in the black-and-white music video, using their own version of sign language (which was criticised at the time of its release) to interpret the lyrics. Depp, 59, who is a musician as well as an actor, also played guitar in his version of the song. This isn’t the first time as of late that McCartney has featured the video starring Depp during his live performances. Earlier this year, McCartney projected images of the Edward Scissorhands star during his tour, while the actor’s libel trial against his ex-wife Amber Heard was ongoing. Metro.co.uk understands the clip has been in Sir Paul’s live set for over 10 years. Prior to his performance of My Valentine, McCartney dedicated the tune to his wife Nancy Shevell, who was in the audience. Addressing his spouse, he said to the spectators: ‘The next song I’ll do is one I wrote for my wife Nancy, she’s in the audience tonight with us, this one’s for you Nanc.’ He then performed a piano-led rendition of the melody, which was from his 15th studio album Kisses on the Bottom. McCartney’s record-breaking headliner’s set delighted the Glastonbury crowd when it began at 9.30pm… but fans watching at home were disappointed to learn that the livestream wasn’t going to begin on BBC One until an hour later. The broadcaster later addressed the situation in a statement, stressing the ‘complexity of broadcasting an event of this scale’. ‘This year we are delighted to bring audiences our most extensive coverage of Glastonbury to date,’ the broadcaster said. ‘Paul McCartney’s much anticipated set was broadcast on BBC One at 10.30pm as well as on Radio 2 and will be available on BBC iPlayer and BBC Sounds.’ The statement continued: ‘Due to the complexity of broadcasting an event of this scale and the volume of performances we cover, there is sometimes variation between performances taking place and their transmission.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paul McCartney fans furious as headliner’s Glastonbury set begins… with BBC livestream starting an hour later MORE : Noel Gallagher’s scissors player makes it all the way to Glastonbury, to the bafflement of fans 