  A London double-decker bus burst into flames this morning forcing terrified passengers and the driver to flee. The bus is believed to have caught fire after pulling into a stop in Brixton, south London. Firefighters rushed to the scene around 9.50am to find the bus engulfed by smoke and flames. Horrified onlookers described the ‘frightening’ incident on Twitter. One witness said: ‘Bus in Brixton pulled into the stop and promptly caught on fire. Huge flames & crashing as bits of it were burned off.’ Eye-witness Laurence Nealon, 28, from Brixton, said he feared the bus would explode. ‘I was in a work meeting when I noticed the smoke going past my window. ‘I popped downstairs with my housemates to see what was going on and was shocked to see the blaze. ‘It’s the last thing you expect to see when you’re working from home in the morning.’ The London Fire Brigade (LFB) said it had received 19 calls about the blaze, which was extinguished just before 10.25am. A statement on its website said: ‘Firefighters were called to a bus alight on Brixton Hill. ‘Part of a double decker bus was damaged by fire. The driver and passengers left the bus before the Brigade arrived. There were no reports of any injuries. ‘The Brigade was called at 0950 and the fire was under control by 1022. One fire engine from Brixton Fire Station attended the scene.’ The A23 Brixton Hill was closed to traffic between New Park Road and the A205 South Circular after the incident. Transport for London said an urgent investigation has been launched to establish the cause of the blaze. Head of operations, Marlon Osborne, said: ‘The incident on a bus in Brixton this morning must have been really frightening for those involved. ‘Thankfully all passengers were evacuated and there are no injuries. ‘We are working closely with the emergency services and the operator to urgently investigate what happened.’ LFB tweeted that a number of ‘very visible’ fires had broken out across the capital. Seventy firefighters were also called to a blaze at a flat above a shop in Camden, north London just after midday. Part of the ground floor shop and most of the first-floor flat roof was ablaze, as crews battled to control the flames under ‘incredibly hot and arduous conditions’. Station commander Brett Loft, who attended the incident, said heavy smoke in the area was subsiding and no one had ben injured. Crews have also been sent to tackle house fires in Greenford and Feltham, both in west London. Responding to speculation the fires are related to the heatwave in Britain, LFB added: ‘All fires will be investigated and it’s too early to say what the causes are at the current time.’