Police say they have found the bodies of two people after a boat capsized in Devon yesterday. A huge search had been launched at Roadford Lake in Lewdown, Okehampton. Formal identification is yet to take place on the bodies found today. Chief Superintendent Dan Evans said: ‘This is an extremely distressing incident and our thoughts are with all of those involved and their loved ones, who we are working closely with to offer help and support wherever we can. ‘Every effort has been made to locate the two people who remained unaccounted for as fast as possible. ‘Tragically, we can confirm that the bodies of two people were located and recovered this afternoon. ‘Our priority is to support their families.’ The families of two people who had been unaccounted for following the incident have been informed of this afternoon’s development. Devon Police say they are being supported by specially-trained officers. A group of six people had been believed to have gone out on a fishing trip before their boat capsized. Police, fire and ambulance services, the air ambulance, HM Coastguard and search and rescue teams were all involved in the response. Specialist equipment and drones were used as part of the search. Two people had been taken to Derriford Hospital in Plymouth, while two others were pulled out of the water and discharged after being checked by medics. There were reportedly strong winds on the lake at the time the vessel capsized. No other boats were involved in the incident. ‘The two people that are missing were strapped into their wheelchairs’ an insider told media earlier today. Police have since not confirmed or denied whether the group were from a local nursing home. Previously, the force said in a statement: ‘Those travelling in the group were all adults and believed to all be local to Devon.’ Roadford Lake reservoir on Dartmoor is 130 feet deep in places and covers 1.9 square miles. The reservoir is the largest area of fresh water in the south west ofEngland. It is operated by South West Lakes for leisure pursuits including kayaking, sailing, paddleboarding, canoeing and fishing. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.