Ready to get loud and proud? Of course, getting yourself down to a Pride march or soaking up the celebratory booze are both valid responses, but if you want to stock up on products that will allow you to celebrate the tale of resistance and joy that is the LGBTQ+ story, then you’ve come to the right place. From mugs and make-up to stunning clothes and swimwear, these are the must-have products to purchase this Pride weekend. We love these hefty limited-edition Full Of Pride mugs from Our Place. Designed by Japanese-Mexican ceramic artist Viviana Matsuda, they’re hand-painted with the colours of joy, solidarity and protest, and come in a set of two so you can share a cup with a loved one. Up until today, 20% of the net revenue of these mugs goes to LGBTQ+ rights charity Stonewall. Buy them £45 from From Our Place. The Body Shop is a long-time supporter of MindOut, a mental health charity for the LGBTQ community. The brand’s Out For Love liquid highlighters celebrate Pride in three shades. Vegan, and with a watermelon scent, the formula can be dabbed on to lids, cheekbones and lips, encouraging creativity and self-expression. Buy it for £10.50 from The Body Shop. Activewear brand Fabletics is making a £20,000 donation alongside the launch of its United With Pride collection to support the Glaad organisation’s work to amplify LGBTQ+ community voices. The collection includes genderless pieces, reimagining some of Fabletics’ styles in fun rainbow designs and colours. Buy from £19 from Fabletics. Sheep Inc has collaborated with Charlie Millar, the knitwear designer and founder of The Knit Edit, to create a limited-edition collection made using 100% merino wool sourced via ethical and sustainable farming and production practices. All proceeds go to Mermaids, a charity supporting trans, non-binary and gender diverse children and their families since 1995. Buy from £220 from Sheep Inc. This year marks the fifth anniversary of Superdrug and Unilever’s support of the Switchboard LGBT+ helpline, funding more than 250 volunteers and more than 7,000 calls, instant messages and emails answered since 2017. The chain of stores is highlighting the many brands and products giving back to the LGBT+ community. Buy from Superdrug. Lottie London’s Proud To Be collection donates ten per cent of all sales to the Kaleidoscope Trust, a charity fighting for the human rights of LGBT+ people across the Commonwealth. We love the brand’s Peace Stamp Liners, which have a stamp at one end, and the Proud To Be eye shadow palette. Buy all for £5.95 from Lottie London. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Speaker raises LGBT flag at Parliament to celebrate 50 years of Pride MORE : Top tips for anyone going to their first ever London Pride this weekend 