The government is set to introduce a new law which would allow it to ignore court decisions like the one which grounded the first Rwanda flight. Ministers were left incensed when the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) stepped in and stopped the removal of refugees to central Africa. UK courts had rejected attempts by lawyers to stop the plane taking off but the Strasbourg court made an eleventh hour ruling on a single case which led to the whole plan having to be paused. Justice secretary Dominic Raab has confirmed the government will not seek to leave the European Convention of Human Rights, which the court adjudicates on, and will instead introduce a ‘British Bill of Rights’. The new law, framed as a successor to the Human Rights Act, will assert that British courts do not always need to follow ECHR rulings and that the Supreme Court in London is the ultimate decision-maker. By legislating for interim rulings for Strasbourg not to be binding on Whitehall, the law would prevent the court from being able to block government decisions in certain circumstances. Mr Raab, a long-standing critic of the ECHR, told Sky News ‘we are staying in’ but said it was ‘legitimate to push back’ against its rulings. He told LBC radio the new law will restore ‘common sense’, adding: ‘No one is talking about tearing about human rights in this country. ‘We are staying in the European Convention, we are going to reinforce those quintessentially British rights like free speech. ‘But I do think, when it comes to public protection, people want to see a dose of common sense and balance provided, that’s what our reforms will achieve.’ The government’s controversial policy of sending people who enter the country illegally for ‘processing’ in Rwanda was thrown into disarray by the court’s ruling last week. Despite successful court challenges whittling the passenger list down from around 130 to seven, the Home Office was still intending on sending a chartered plane 4,000 miles. The Ministry of Justice has also argued a new Bill of Rights would make it easier to segregate extremists in prison and strengthen press freedoms. But Labour issued a warning over the government’s intension to constrain the ability of courts to impose ‘positive obligations’. Shadow justice secretary Steve Reed said: ‘Labour is proud that the Human Rights Act has allowed millions access to justice, protect victims of crime, and ensure our loved ones get the care they need. ‘But this Conservative ‘Bill of Rights’ con will take those rights away, preventing people with health problems from objecting to ‘do not resuscitate’ orders being placed on them in hospital without their consent, block women from forcing the police to investigate cases of rape, and will stop victims of terrorist atrocities and major disasters like Hillsborough from seeking justice.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.