Former X Factor contestant Tom Mann has been left heartbroken following the death of his fiancée, Dani, on their wedding day. Tom is best known for his appearance on the ITV singing competition in 2014, where he starred as one of eight members of boy band Stereo Kicks. The group were formed by the judges after each member was initially sent home as solo artists, and they gained a legion of fans during their time on the show. Sadly, Tom has now had to announce that his wife-to-be died on what was supposed to be their most special day. The couple share an eight-month-old son called Bowie. Taking to social media to share the awful news, Tom began: ‘I can’t believe I am writing these words but my darling Dani – my best friend, my everything and more, the love of my life – passed away in the early hours of Saturday morning, 18th June.’ Pouring his heart out in the Instagram caption for a picture of his partner and their baby, he continued: ‘On what was supposed to be the happiest day of our lives ended in irreversible heartbreak. I feel like I have cried an ocean. ‘We never made it to the alter; or got to say our vows, or dance our first dance, but I know you know that you were my entire world and the best thing that has ever happened to me, Danielle.’ While they never married, Tom assured Dani that he ‘will wear this ring that I was always supposed to wear as a sign of my unconditional love to you.’ He confessed to being ‘completely broken’ as he tries to process the tragedy, admitting he ‘honestly doesn’t know where to go from here.’ But, he wants to ‘use any strength I can muster for our little boy,’ despite feeling he will ‘not be a mark’ on the parent that Dani was. ‘I promise I will do my everything to raise Bowie just the way we always wanted. I promise you he will know how amazing his mummy was. I promise to make you so so proud,’ he continued. ‘The most beautiful person inside and out. The most incredible soul. We have lost such a special person and I am sure we are about to see an abundant outpouring of love that reflects that. I will try to find peace in your messages and comments, but right now I am grieving and I will be for a very, very long time.’ He signed off by calling his ‘darling’ fiancée ‘the brightest light in any room’, saying his world is ‘nothing but darkness’ without her. ‘I will miss you forever,’ Tom concluded. The musician received an outpouring of support from his followers, with the likes of Mimi Webb – for whom Tom has written songs – commenting: ‘Tom I’m so so sorry ❤️ sending all my love to you & thinking of you❤️ love you brother x we are with you’. Fellow X Factor contestants also showed their support, such as Barclay Beales and Charlie Jones, who were also members of Stereo Kicks. ‘Sending all my love brother so sorry ❤️❤️❤️’, Barclay commented, while Charlie wrote: ‘Devastated reading this Tom. Seeing all my love to you and Bowie ❤️’. ‘I love you brother ❤️❤️’, wrote singer Tom Grennan, while Gabrielle Alpin penned: ‘Oh Tom I’m so devastated for you all. I am so so sorry. Sending so much love and strength to your and your little boy xxx’. Following their appearance on the talent show – during which they finished in a respectable fifth place – Stereo Kicks released their debut single, Love Me So. The song charted at number 31 on the UK Singles Chart but after less than a year together, the English-Irish group – also consisting of James Graham, Jake Sims, Chris Leonard, Casey Johnson, and Reece Bibby – announced they were disbanding due to failure to secure a record deal. Now, Tom works as a songwriter and was recently awarded a BMI award for his work. He’s penned tracks for the likes of Troye Sivan, Becky Hill, Jonas Blue, Rita Ora, and Lewis Capaldi. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bake Off winner Peter Sawkins denies ‘coming out’ after holding hands with man: ‘I do not identify as LGBTQ+’ MORE : Graham Norton finds possibility of Eurovision being hosted in UK instead of Ukraine ‘bittersweet’ 