Bruno Fernandes has sent supportive messages to Paul Pogba and Jesse Lingard after Manchester United confirmed both players were set to leave Old Trafford. Pogba and Lingard both came through United’s academy – featuring together in the 2011 FA Youth Cup win – and helped the first-team lift multiple trophies. Lingard scored in both the 2016 FA Cup and 2017 EFL Cup finals, while Pogba was on target in the 2017 Europa League final. Pogba cost Manchester United a then-record £89m when he returned from Juventus in 2016 but the French World Cup winner has largely flattered to deceive for the Red Devils. He could re-join Juve this summer, although Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid are also interested. Lingard, meanwhile, has been at Old Trafford for more than 20 years and leaves the club having made 232 appearances. The 29-year-old could now move back to West Ham, where he enjoyed a productive loan spell at the end of the 2020-21 season. Fernandes, who joined United in 2020, has paid tribute to Pogba and Lingard on Instagram and says it was a pleasure to play alongside the departing stars. ‘It was a pleasure to play alongside you for this period. Nothing but the best for your future,’ Fernandes said to Pogba, before telling Lingard: ‘I enjoyed having you as a teammate. Keep the good energy and never change that. Go and enjoy yourself always.’ Lingard penned an emotional message to Manchester United fans after his departure from the club was confirmed. He wrote: ‘Born and bred a red. Over the last few weeks I’ve been emotional leaving a club that is family. ‘After 22 years I’ve had so many special memories and moments that I will cherish forever. I’m a red through and through and Manchester United will always remain in my heart. ‘Thank you to the players I’ve played with over the years I’ve made friends for life and we’ve had a lot of fun along the way. ‘I want to say a big thank you to the coaches that I have worked under from the age of 9 to present. Each coach has helped me in many different ways and I appreciate the way each coach believed in me and taught me something different. ‘A massive thank you to all the staff behind the scenes from dinner ladies to the cleaners to the kitmen because everyone has played a role in where I am today.’ Pogba, meanwhile, said: ‘I feel privileged to have played for this club. Many beautiful moments and memories but most importantly an unconditional support from the fans. Thank you.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 