There’s no doubt that Chris Pratt is a man of many talents having starred on both the small and big screen over his fruitful career. But this summer, fans will see him take on a new beat as he steps into an executive producer seat for the first time for The Terminal List. Besides taking on the lead role in Prime Video’s new psychological drama, which launches on Friday, the Avengers actor serves as an EP alongside director Antoine Fuqua – and, as showrunner David DiGilio puts it, his input was invaluable. The Terminal List is an adaptation of Jack Carr’s New York Times bestseller of the same name and follows the story of Navy Seal James Reece (Pratt) after his entire platoon of Navy Seals is ambushed during a high-stakes covert mission. Reece returns home to his family with conflicting memories of the event and questions about his culpability. However, as new evidence comes to light, Reece discovers dark forces working against him, endangering not only his life but the lives of those he loves. According to David, Pratt had a ‘real pride’ in the development of the material and he was ‘essential’ as he built The Terminal List’s arch with the writers’ room. ‘With Chris, the thing I want to make sure people understand is that he’s not just a great actor, he is a great storyteller,’ David told Metro.co.uk at the Monte-Carlo Television Festival in Monaco. ‘His instincts on the page are remarkable and then when you get into the actual production process, you have these amazing scripts that people are really excited about and then Chris’s process on the day is to really interrogate the material.’ David explained that the cast and crew would build an incredible scene from instinct on the day of filming, and Pratt was just phenomenal. ‘It’s almost a savant level of storytelling that he possesses, and he was hugely instrumental in developing that.’ Director Antoine also sang Pratt’s praises. ‘Honestly, he was great,’ he enthused of working with the Guardians Of The Galaxy star. ‘He was serious about the work and he was very responsible. He learned along the way about producing. ‘If Chris doesn’t know something, he’ll ask. No ego whatsoever, he was the same.’ But, how did Pratt manage to land the leading role in The Terminal List and a spot in the EP chair? ‘I think his friend, Jared Shaw, who’s a former Navy Seal, a co-producer on the show, and plays Boozer, found the book and said to him, “Dude, this is your next role!”,’ David explained. ‘And he was right on it. It’s so perfect for Chris.’ Luckily fans won’t have to wait too much longer to see Pratt in action, with all eight episodes of The Terminal List landing on Prime Video on Friday (July 1). It’s not to be missed! The Terminal List launches on Friday on Prime Video. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 