Lift those cheeks. Blush draping isn’t a new technique – Debbie Harry was doing it decades ago – but it’s becoming a popular way of applying rouge again. Blusher applied to the apples of the cheeks can sit low on the face when you aren’t smiling. Draping involves placing the product higher up on the face so you’re left with a ‘lifted’ look, feigning higher cheekbones. Makeup artist Levi-Jade Taylor says: ‘Blush draping is the technique of applying blush not only on the cheeks, but draping it across the temples and edges of the eyes for a more creative take on blush. ‘By applying blush higher up the face than the traditional application on the apples of the cheek, this helps to accentuate cheekbones. ‘Blending into the temples and the eyes lifts the features of the face and ties the colour palette of your makeup look altogether.’ If you’re going for a rosy blush, apply a pink-toned eyeshadow for a cohesive look. The best way to do it is to use a brush or fingers to press the product into the skin. Levi-Jade says: ‘Use an angled cheek brush that is fluffy and dense, keep the brush on the skin and work in circular motions back towards the edges of the face – this will keep everything well blended and soft. ‘Gone too heavy? Gently using your foundation brush to tap over the blush. This dials down the colour without making it patchy.’ In need of a new blush? These’ll sort you out. Tap and blend with fingers for a warm flush. Buy for £12 from LookFantastic Mix the colours together for full on pigment or tap lightly into one shade for a subtle effect. Buy for £42 from Selfridges If this trend seems a little scary, try a pink highlighter instead. From the side as the light catches it, it’ll give a similar effect. Buy for £12 from Beauty Bay There is nothing ‘soft’ about this, so use less than you think you need – apply the tiniest amount for a radiant flush that won’t emphasis skin texture. Buy for £19 from Space NK Go a step further and create an ombre look by blending two tones into each other. Buy for £46 from Cult Beauty Buy for £20.40 from LookFantastic This putty texture means it’s easy to wear gently or build to something bolder. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why the sunburn ‘W’ blush technique is the makeup trick you need to try MORE : Makeup hack helps create radiant baby doll cheeks MORE : Why is budget makeup still failing ethnically diverse people?