Monday, Monday, can’t trust that day. Monday, Monday, sometimes it just turns out that way… As the Mamas and Papas sang, the start of the week can’t be a tough time for some, whether that’s a fear of making a fool of yourself, Gemini, or if your finances are holding you back, Cancer. It seems, though, that the planets are aligning to assist you as fiery Mars aligns with prudent Saturn. Patience may be key, however, so let our stars guide you at the start of your week. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for June 27, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 This looks to be a day of progress, when the Mars-Saturn link can help you seal a deal or consolidate a plan. Mind, with prudent Saturn in its rewind phase, there may be some delay or a need to discuss things further before you go ahead. Even so, you will feel you are getting somewhere. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 A dream or some helpful inner guidance could be just what’s needed to get things moving. If a project has been on the back-burner, you may feel an inner nudge to try again. With some tinkering and tweaking, you can turn it into something that is manageable. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Are you blocking yourself from doing something you’re excited about? If the fear of making a fool of yourself is getting in the way of progress, then the energy of Mars in Aries can help you out. It may be the words of a friend or just a feeling you can do this that gets you moving. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Is money getting in the way of your plans? If you’re determined, you’ll find a way forward. It might mean being creative. But today’s Mars-Saturn link suggests that with research you’ll find answers that can bring you what you want. Once results start to show, you’ll be so pleased you made the effort. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 While cosmic activity can enhance charisma, boost confidence and encourage you to take risks, a pause for thought is wise. This could be a time when you are willing to push the boat out much further than usual but you also need a knowledge of the tides and currents if you do this. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Looking for ways to stand out from the crowd? It may be that you have a sticking point that is preventing you from strutting your stuff. Making up your mind to tackle this, whether alone or with help, means you’ll soon be in the frame of mind to joyfully step into the spotlight. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You may need reassurance that an idea or goal can succeed if only you’ll have a go. Perhaps you’re nervous about a romance and are holding back because you’re worried it won’t work. With Saturn retro in your creativity zone, you could be procrastinating over creative plans too. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 It may be time to crunch those numbers and find out how well you’re doing regarding your wellness goals. As fiery Mars aligns with prudent Saturn, this is an opportunity to make a few changes to your plans. Start small and go from there for best results. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Others may be pushing you to explore fresh opportunities and step out of your comfort zone. As a Sagittarian, you are often keen to embrace the unknown. If something has held you back, now is the time to ease forward regardless and embrace new adventures. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 No matter how good an opportunity appears, it may seem it isn’t quite you. Is this really the case, though? The line-up suggests there can be a fear of taking on too much or a desire to stay in your present situation. But motivating words could inspire you to take a leap of faith. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Thinking about making changes? You may be ready to get into action. Success seems a lot more possible if you follow your inner promptings. Does a friend seem a tad negative? Don’t take their comments to heart. You know exactly what you’re capable of and this is your chance to prove it. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Have a lot to get on with? What’s stopping you? It’s likely the emphasis on a secluded zone that keeps your focus on the past. The more stuck you feel, the more you’ll want to do something about this. Just do one thing and go from there. This alone can liberate you and give you energy. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for June 26 to July 2 and Neptune going retrograde MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of July MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you 