A cancer-stricken two-year-old who could have been left brain dead by surgery left his parents in tears of joy after responding to a ‘knock knock’ joke. Joey Potter was recovering from having a tumour removed in Australia, when dad Jack, 37, tried to cheer him up. Despite being barely able to open his eyes, the youngster weakly replies ‘who’s there’ when Jack asks ‘knock knock’. In a video clip showing tubes going into his nose, Joey is then told: ‘interrupting cow’, to which the pair whisper ‘moo’ together. The heartwarming video came after Joey underwent the procedure – which also saw half of his liver, and about a third of his diaphragm removed – in April, Daily Mail Australia reported. He was regaining his strength after a massive blood transfusion to save his life – and dad Jack, from Brisbane, said he burst into tears when he heard the response. At six-months-old, the youngster was diagnosed with a rare and aggressive form of cancer. Surgeons previously removed a tumour, and his right kidney – and were hopeful he had beaten the disease. But in March this year, Jack and mum Kitty Cook, 36, were told the cancer had returned and the survival rate for the latest growth – a Wilms tumour – was only 50%. The operation saved his life, but also hit a near-fatal snag – when scar tissue from a previous operation caused a tear in his biggest vein during the operation. That meant surgeons had seconds to save his life and needed a massive blood transfusion. It concerned medics that he may have been brain damaged – but when Joey responded to the joke his father knew he was ok. But the youngster still has a long road to recovery, Jack told Daily Mail Australia. ‘(Today) his round second of chemo starts’, Jack explained. ‘He’s already starting to get some of those classic side effects. ‘His baby sister Juna will grab at his hair and a handful just comes out.’ The family paid tribute to the support of the local community and other families going through similar problems. A GoFundMe page has been set up to help the parents while they take time off work to support him. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Dame Deborah James wants supermarkets to include bowel cancer symptoms on toilet roll