It’s Tuesday and (hopefully) you know what that means: it’s time for another series of our big and brilliant renting series, What I Rent. As the name gives away, this is a regular series that shows… what people rent. Each week we take you inside someone’s rented home and have a good nose around. Last time, we were in Bondi Beach with Lucy, who pays $2,172 a month for a one-bedroom flat. Today we’re chatting Rebecca, 50, a hairdresser and mum of two daughters, Breah, 27, and Ruby, 18. Rebecca has lived in Lincolnshire all her life, and currently rents a bungalow with her partner Lee and daughter Ruby. We chatted with her about her experience renting. Hey, Rebecca. How much do you pay to live here? Rent each month is £795. Bills come to around £900 a month, including our food. And what do you get for what you pay? A bungalow with three big bedrooms, a living room, a dining room, a kitchen, a conservatory, and one family bathroom. Do you feel like you have a good deal? I think we have an amazing deal, we love it here. Whereabouts is your home? And what do you think of the area? We live in Branston, which is a village located just outside the city centre. We love it here, it’s big enough to not feel to out of the way, but so peaceful. Especially down our cul de sac, as a lot of people are older. How did you find the property? We found out about it through a local letting agency. How have you made the property feel like home? Is your landlord okay with you changing bits? We’ve totally redecorated since moving in. It was just a magnolia box when we arrived. I tried living with it, but couldn’t bear it. Our landlady is just fantastic, and has let us go with what we want, as it’s improved so much. The decor is obviously not everyone’s taste but it’s only paint, so can be changed if we ever have to move. Do you feel like you have enough space? We have so much space, and I can’t ever imagine living in a house again. Any issues with the place? Everything about the space and location is perfect for us, and we have no problems or issues at all really. Do you have plans to move any time soon? No. In the current climate, house prices being so expensive, and with our age, starting out again, renting is great for us. Hopefully we’ll be able to stay here for many more years, as our landlady wanted a long term rental. What I Rent is a weekly series that’s out every Tuesday at 10am. Check back next week to have another nose around a rented property. This article contains placements with affiliate links.  We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links on these placements. MORE : What I Rent: Oriana, £2,000 a month for a one-bedroom flat in Canning Town, London MORE : What I Rent: Tamika, £400 a month for a studio flat in Birmingham MORE : What I Rent: Debs, £870 a month for a two-bedroom house in Colchester, Essex