Boris Johnson narrowly won a no-confidence motion in Parliament last night, with 211 MP votes in support of his leadership to 148 against. The Prime Minister may have ended up with a majority but, with 41% of his own party’s MPs voting to oust him, is unlikely to be breathing a sigh of relief just yet. Whether Johnson stays or goes, he’s now painfully aware that more than a third of his colleagues distrust and/or dislike him – and that’s got to sting. Although most of us won’t have had it spelled out in black and white like this, it’s not uncommon for workmates to butt heads. Nobody is everybody’s cup of tea, and there’s no requirement for colleagues to get on. But when issues bubble up to the surface, they can pose big problems. Dr Maria Kordowicz, psychologist and the director of the Centre for Interprofessional Education and Learning at the University of Nottingham, tells Metro.co.uk: ‘If you feel continuously excluded by others, this can potentially lead to anxiety about being at work. ‘This may then lead to not only to a decreased ability to do our jobs effectively, but also to low confidence and low mood, as well as a sense of helplessness.’ If you constantly feel undermined or criticised, or receive aggressive or harassing behaviour from colleagues (including verbal put-downs or being picked on) this can constitute workplace bullying. Similarly, this is the case if promotions or development opportunities are consistently blocked or tasks are added and taken away from you without justification. In these situations, it’s important to speak to your manager or HR team to nip such behaviours in the bud. However, conflict at work isn’t always personal, and can be a symptom of someone not pulling their weight or acting inappropriately. Before jumping to conclusions, it’s worth assessing whether there’s a reason why you’re a persona non grata at work. Dr Maria says: ‘We seldom have control over whether we are liked or not. However, it is important to consider what kind of colleague you are. ‘Are you helpful and supportive, or do you undermine others and their work, leading your colleagues to distance themselves from you? Do you contribute to tasks equally? If you are a manager, do you aim to develop others, or are you unnecessarily authoritarian, leading your staff to disengage from you?’ If you find that co-workers’ attitudes are justified, aim to remedy the traits that are ticking them off. Once you’re giving out the energy you expect from colleagues, respect will come back to you in abundance. Dr Maria adds: ‘In order to improve our working lives, getting on with others and fostering a sense of mutual respect is paramount. ‘If we relate to our colleagues with kindness and approach our work with dedication, fairness and interest, we can take comfort in this.’ Unfortunately, there won’t always be a quick fix when it comes to office hostility.  Sometimes, people are simply bullies, and nothing you do will win them round. ‘It is crucial to speak to our line manager or a trusted senior colleague and use the appropriate HR channels to report improper conduct of colleagues,’ says Dr Maria. ‘If you do not feel sufficiently supported by your employer to be able to speak up, then I suggest seeking external advice through an organisation such as ACAS so you do not feel like you have to deal with the issue alone.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to be better at asking for what you need – from friends, family and colleagues MORE : These are the best Pride-themed items to decorate your home with this month