Short hair is having its moment this summer, with plenty of bob trends coming to the fore. Kim Kardashian has been rocking a bob lately in an icy blonde shade – a sought after, yet notoriously hard shade to maintain while keeping hair healthy. Her ‘sliced’ long bob in a milky tone is tidy and sleek, making it really easy to wear with minimal styling. Tyler Moore, expert stylist at Live True London, says: ‘Bobs have been rising in popularity over the past few years. ‘With the rise of alternative cuts like the wolf cut, mullet and shag over the last year, the sliced bob is an easier to maintain haircut that still has that ultra cool girl vibe.’ Tyler believes an icy blonde do is more accessible than you might think. ‘This neutral shade is pretty universal – it’s all about adjusting it to ensure it doesn’t wash out the client’s skin tone,’ he says. ‘We always recommend looking at the client’s natural hair tones to see whether it pulls warmer or cooler, and then use this as a guide to choose the perfect shade. ‘To prevent the colour looking too platinum or frosted, we recommend balancing ashy tones with warmer and creamier ones.’ Even in Kim’s job, you can see some strands of hair pull cooler and lighter than others. It’s best to avoid having one solid colour throughout, as subtle varying tones can add texture. Tyler adds: ‘You’ll want to ask your hairdresser for a “milky” blonde. ‘We love this creamy shade of blonde and have seen it rise in popularity recently. ‘To keep the hair looking luxe, we always aim to add dimension with lowlights and highlights, or even a root melt. ‘This will prevent it from looking too flat.’ This lob is cut clean without many layers, so the ends look chunkier and blunter. Tyler says: ‘It’s all about achieving a clean line and evenly slicing the ends without adding layers. ‘If you’d prefer a softer look, your stylist can recommend shaping, layers or styling to suit you. ‘For example, Kim’s long, choppy bob softens her features by sitting just above her shoulders – you’ll also find this length has slightly more movement than traditional 00’s bobs below the chin.’ Aim to have a trim every four to six weeks to keep the length in check, especially if you want blunt ends. It’s also good to think about the hair health at this stage. ‘As this level of colouring can be potentially damaging, we always recommend treatment services such as Redken ABC, Olaplex and Kerastase Fusio Dose to maintain hair health and glossiness,’ Tyler says. ‘We’d also suggest avoiding heat styling to limit damage as breakage and split ends can be more visible with hair at a shorter length.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The five essentials you need to pack to protect your hair on holiday MORE : From the shag to the mullet, 80s hairstyles are making a huge comeback – here’s how to get the look MORE : The best hair products to help control frizz and embrace your natural curls