A fish and chip shop has criticised a bad review from a customer who left after ‘waiting 30 seconds in the queue’. The daughter of the owner of St Mary’s Fish Bar said she was dismayed when a woman wrote a one-star review about the family-run business in Blurton, Staffordshire, on its Facebook page despite not ordering any food. The customer had claimed the workers ‘were too busy having a conversation between themselves’ to acknowledge her arrival, so decided to walk out with her son and order lunch at another chippy. Fodoulla Nicolaou – the daughter of Nick and Helen Nicolaou who own St Mary’s – has defended the takeaway following an angry exchange with the woman on its Facebook page. Under the heading ‘I don’t recommend this place’ the customer wrote: ‘Awful service. ‘The folk working there were too busy having a conversation between themselves to even acknowledge us.’ Fodoullia, who is running the chippy with her brother while her parents are in Cyprus, insisted the customer had only arrived 30 seconds before deciding to leave on Wednesday lunchtime. The 36-year-old said: ‘We had one member of staff in the front who was finishing an Uber order, my brother was doing prep at the back and I was arranging the orders for the shop from the deliveries. ‘I just walked in and said in Greek to a staff member, ‘has this lady been waiting long?’. She said she’d just walked in. ‘As I went to serve her, she said ‘is there another chippy around here?’ and walked out. I thought maybe she didn’t like the prices, as everything’s gone up, and walked out. That was my initial thought.’ Fodoulla was upset when other people on Facebook backed the woman with ‘disgusting’ and ‘vile’ comments after she shared her review in community groups. She later spoke to the woman’s husband who said his wife wanted an apology. Fodoulla added: ‘…I’m not apologising for defending our business.’ She said some of the regulars had been in to sympathise with the situation. Fodoulla continued: ‘They had seen the comments on Facebook and one said they can’t believe how pathetic some people are. They said there was no need for us to worry about it. ‘We get some really lovely people in here, we usually have a nice smooth sailing day.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.