When Annmarie Thornhill was diagnosed with Motor Neurone Disease (MND), her family got to work on planning a bucket list of final plans. The much-loved grandma had been given between three-to-five years to live by medical experts. While devastated at her diagnosis, her family hoped to spend many more special moments and poignant holidays together in the time they had left. But Annmarie grew weaker and weaker, and it suddenly became clear their plans would be impossible. ‘She died six months after she was diagnosed,’ said her son Jordan Durnall. He told Metro.co.uk: ‘I’ve never experienced anything so fast and cruel. It attacked her every day since her diagnosis. ‘She lost the ability to walk, then the use of her hands and her arms. In the end she could do nothing, she was bed-ridden. ‘She was trapped in her body.’ There was a delay to even receive Annmarie’s diagnosis of MND, and the family eventually went private to get answers. Her only initial warning sign that something was amiss was when she lost weight near the top of her legs. She got more and more unwell and anxiously awaited tests to help discover her condition. Jordan, a foodhall trading manager for Asda, added: ‘In the beginning it was very strange, she just seemed poorly. ‘Her legs got quite thin, she was losing weight from the top of her legs, then she got quite weak. ‘Things were taking a long time, so went private. ‘We got told she could have any of ten things, and that MND would be the worst case scenario.’ Coming to terms with the grandmothers fast decline was an unfathomable feat for the family. They had planned holidays and bucket list activities early into her diagnosis, not realising how quickly things would deteriorate. Jordan had settled his mother into a hospice to make her more comfortable. He spent the following day by her bedside keeping her company, then made a 40 minute drive home. But as Jordan walked through his front door and into his kitchen, his phone rang. ‘My step-dad had called to say she was gone,’ said Jordan. ‘Everything we had planned, that we still wanted to do – we were too late. Her life was ripped away.’ Jordan says he now has a ‘fire in his belly’ to raise awareness of MND. There’s no cure for the cruel disease, but there are treatments to help reduce the impact it has on a person’s daily life. Jordan, 28, has also created a cover version of ‘You Are The Reason’ by Callum Scott in an attempt to help further funds for MND research. It was a promise he made to his mum to sing the song. Jordan has also launched a JustGiving page and hopes to educate people on the disease he hadn’t even heard of before his mum was diagnosed. Raising awareness and funds has been a way to distract from his own grief, but also to continue Annmarie’s legacy. Jordan added: ‘There’s nothing I want more on this earth than for other people not to have to go through what we did. ‘Mum had a legacy of love, hope and happiness, she was someone who really believed in life. There’s not a photo of her where she’s not laughing. ‘I feel like she’s with me every step of the way with this.’ You can donate to Jordan’s fundraiser here. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.