A heatwave could return to Britain later next month – just in time for the school holidays. Much of the country basked in sunshine earlier in June as temperatures reached new highs for 2022. But cloud and scattered showers soon returned, with rain even delaying the opening day of Wimbledon. Forecasters have now predicted that the mercury could again hit 30°C later next week. It will be in time for school holidays, as the majority of schools in England and Wales split up by July 22. High pressure from near the Azores will make its way over to Britain by Monday. One weather expert has suggested it could bring highs of 35°C, but the Met Office has been more conservative with its estimates. ‘There are decent times that later next week that high pressure will become more influential across the UK,’ said Met Office meteorologist Aidan McGivern. ‘There are positive signs temperatures will be above average. ‘There could be significantly above average temperatures by the end of next week and into the following weekend. ‘It will turn dry and become sunnier and temperatures will rise, but it may take much of the week to change.’ The Met Office added that it is too early to give a more detailed forecast for the school holidays. Meanwhile, Weather Outlook forecaster Brian Gaze says temperatures could continue climbing past 30C. He told the Sun: ’I wouldn’t be surprised if temperatures climbed to 35°C. To put a little context on that, the hottest day in the entire decade of the 1980s was 34.4°C. ‘Temperatures in the UK reached 32.7°C  earlier this month and typically the hottest weather of the summer comes in July or August. ‘In recent years periods of extreme heat have become more common in the UK.’ “Whether we get a heatwave at this point really depends on the exact wind directions and orientation to that area of high pressure… but we’re certainly seeing a positive message as we move into July.” The highest temperature ever recorded in the UK was 38.7°C  in Cambridge in July 2019. But before July’s heatwaves arrives, unsettled weather and heavy rains are expected in parts of the UK. Today, a yellow weather warning is in place in Northern Ireland to warn of heavy rainfall and potential flooding. The warning stretches down to the South West of England including Devon, parts of Cornwall, Wales and Birmingham. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.