Liam Payne has addressed his widely-criticised comments on his One Direction bandmates, saying he didn’t articulate himself properly when speaking about Zayn Malik. The Strip That Down hitmaker appeared to reference claims that Zayn ‘struck’ his girlfriend Gigi Hadid’s mum Yolanda (which he has strongly denied). ‘Before we go too deep into this, there are many reasons why I dislike Zayn, and there are many reasons why I’ll always always be on his side,’ he said on the Impaulsive podcast. ‘You can always look at the man for where he is and say “Oh yeah, whatever, that guy’s a d**k,” but at the end of the day, once you understand what he’s been through to get to the point, and whether or not if he actually even wanted to be there.’ He added: ‘And listen, I don’t agree with any of his actions. I can’t commend some of the things that he’s done. I can’t be on his side for that.’ Liam, 28, has now tweeted: ‘Guys – I wouldn’t normally comment on this stuff but when its your family it’s hard to let it slide. ‘They mentioned a specific incident involving Zayn which I responded to – but listening back maybe I didn’t articulate myself as well as I could have. ‘I was saying that there will always be things we disagree on but that I will always, always be on his side. That’s family. Zayn is my brother and I will stand by him forever.’ Elsewhere in the interview with Logan Paul, Liam insisted he and his former bandmate Louis Tomlinson once ‘hated’ each other but are now best friends and that having his son Bear ‘ruined’ his relationship with Cheryl ‘for all the right reasons’. Zayn, 29, hasn’t addressed Liam’s recent comments. The Pillow Talk hitmaker, who shares his daughter Khai with Gigi, previously denied claims that he ‘struck’ Yolanda during an argument. ‘As you all know I am a private person and I very much want to create a safe and private space for my daughter to grow up in,’ he began. ‘A place where private family matters aren’t thrown on the world stage for all to poke and pick apart.’ He continued: ‘In an effort to protect that space for her I agreed to not contest claims arising from an argument I had with a family member of my partner’s who entered our home while my partner was away several weeks ago. ‘This was and still should be a private matter but it seems for now there is divisiveness and despite my efforts to restore us to a peaceful family environment that will allow for me to co-parent my daughter in a manner in which she deserves, this has been “leaked” to the press.’ The singer concluded: ‘I am hopeful though for healing for all involved with the harsh words shared and more importantly I remain vigilant to protect Khai and give her the privacy she deserves.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Liam Payne claims having son Bear ‘ruined’ relationship with Cheryl ‘for all the right reasons’ MORE : Liam Payne mercilessly mocked after One Direction comments and suggesting Simon Cowell formed group ‘around his face’ 