Tom Hanks was forced to rush to protect his wife after she was nearly knocked over by people crowding her after they left a restaurant. Fans spotted the actor and his wife out in New York City, with the two of them heading back to a car. However, some people got a bit too close, with Tom seen accidentally colliding with one man in his path, while another crashed into Rita, causing her to stumble. ‘Stop it,’ Rita said. ‘Back the f**k off!’ Tom shouted. ‘Knocking over my wife?’ Tom and Rita, both 65, were escorted into a car, as people could be heard apologising to him. The actor looked dapper in a black shirt and blue suit as he and Rita, who looked stunning in an all-black look, stepped out for dinner in New York. Meanwhile, the actor has been promoting his upcoming film Elvis, recently appearing in London and Sydney before heading home to the US. Elvis follows Presley (Austin Butler) as he rises to fame in the 1950s while maintaining a complex relationship with his manager, Colonel Tom Parker (Tom). The biopic was filmed on the Gold Coast where the latest premiere was held, and Tom said ‘there [was] no better place in the world to make a motion picture’. ‘I’ve shot films in Morocco and Los Angeles and New York City and Seattle and in Berlin,’ he recently said. He added: ‘None of them have what the Gold Coast have, and what is that? Two words. None of those other cities have Dan Murphy. ‘What a man, who I got to know quite well.’ Tom went on to describe his months filming in Sydney as an ‘absolutely magnificent time’, despite the fact he was Down Under when he and wife Rita Wilson became the first celebrities to publicly reveal they had tested positive for Covid in March 2020. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Tom Hanks for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Hanks fans concerned after actor’s hands shake during Elvis screening in Australia MORE : Tom Hanks says he would not take on Oscar-winning gay lawyer role in Philadelphia today: ‘We’re beyond that now’ 