Cheeky Prince Louis shared a sweet moment with his grandpa as they watched the Platinum Jubilee Pageant together. Future King Prince Charles rocked the four-year-old from side to side as he sat on his knee in the royal box this afternoon. It came after the little one got restless while watching the parade that told the story of the Queen’s seven-decade reign. He stole the show yet again on Sunday as he thoroughly entertained crowds with a number of silly faces. The youngest Cambridge covered his eyes and blew out his cheeks, before sticking out his tongue at mum Kate Middleton. He was then seen scampering over to the Prince of Wales, who tried to distract him by pointing out different floats in the event that brings the four-day weekend to a close. He delighted royal fans by letting out a howl and covering his ears during the flypast at Trooping the Colour on Thursday. The Queen, otherwise known as his ‘Gan Gan’, sweetly interacted with her great-grandson, leaning down to chat to him and point out the planes. Louis sat in the front row with his parents the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and siblings Prince George and Princess Charlotte today. Mike Tindall was spotted joking that he had his eyes on the four-year-old when he got up to mischief earlier. Other royals present included Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Zara Tindall and her eldest children, Mia and Lena, and Princess Beatrice. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were absent for a second day running after flying over from the US with their children to join the festivities. Prime Minister Boris Johnson was seen watching with wife Carrie, while opposition leader Keir Starmer was also in the audience. Pageant Master Adrian Evans spent 18 months planning the £15 million event, which features some 10,000 people – including a cast of 6,000 performers. A hologram of the Queen as a young woman was seen in the historic Gold State Coach used at her coronation, as the parade started earlier on. Her Majesty is expected to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony after the royal standard was raised above the residence. She has not been seen in public since Thursday, the first day of the celebrations. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.