To anyone who identifies with the LGBTQ+ community, Happy Pride month! Throughout June, people reflect on the brave sacrifices that were made to get the community to where it is today – and think about the steps they can take to make the world a better place for the LGBT+ folk of tomorrow. To commemorate and celebrate the occasion, Metro.co.uk has created the ultimate quiz on queer history and pop culture – ranging from Stonewall to Drag Race. Test your knowledge below. 6. Which US politician, who was openly gay, was fundamental in defeating Proposition 6, which would’ve made it illegal for members of the queer community to teach in schools? 7. Now a famous talk show host, which TV personality played the first starring character on a TV sitcom to come out as a lesbian? 8. Who was the first out gay person to win an Oscar? 9. Billy Porter made history, becoming the first gay black man to win an Emmy. What show did he win his Emmy for? 10. Which city is generally agreed to be the unofficial ‘gay capital’ of the UK? 11. Which country holds the record for the world’s largest pride parade? 12. What is Sir Elton John’s real name? 13. Which dance craze made mainstream by gay icon Madonna originated in the LGBT+ underground ball culture? 14. In 2016, which British Olympic team featured the first married, same-sex couple winning a gold medal? 15. The Asexual Pride flag is composed of what colour stripes? 16. What is the name of Russell T Davies’ Channel 4 drama which was based in London in the 1980s? 17. What colour is the ribbon that shows solidarity with people living with HIV/AIDS? 18. Which popular US sitcom aired the first lesbian wedding on TV? 19. Who was the first-ever winner of RuPaul’s Drag Race? 20. What does LGBTQ+ stand for? MORE : The UK’s first national LGBTQ museum will open in 2022 MORE : Pride 2022: What started the Stonewall Riots and how did they affect LGBTQ+ rights? Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below 