The cost of filling up a family car with petrol or diesel has surpassed £100 for the first time as fuel prices continue to increase across the country. Back in March 2022, Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced a 5p fuel duty cut to help the cost of living crisis as prices hit a record high of 165.9p per litre for petrol and 177.3p for diesel. However, despite the reduction, the gesture has long been cancelled out with current average price levels above 180p for petrol and 186p for diesel. So just why are fuel prices rising so fast again in the UK? Here are a few of the key reasons. There are countless factors that have contributed to the rising costs – with below being some of the main ones. Russia is one of the biggest traders of oil in Europe and is also one of the largest energy producers and oil exporters in the world. Following the declaration of war, and all the sanctions imposed on Russia, the US, UK and EU are doing their best to move away from using any fuel supplies from Russia. This means the demand and price of alternative suppliers have increased which we’re seeing the result of on our petrol pumps. While the UK only gets 8% of its oil from Russia, with plans to cut that down to zero by the end of 2022, the overall global price has jumped. The price of crude oil has reached an all-time high following the Covid-19 pandemic. Following lockdowns, the price of crude oil dropped as demand did, but as life returned to normal, and there were increased needs, suppliers have struggled to keep up with UK needs. Therefore prices have also seen an increase off the back of this. Crude oil is paid for in US dollar and at present, the British pound is weak against the dollar. Currently, a US dollar equals around 81p, which makes fuel even more expensive. While all drivers will be impacted by the increased cost of fuel, there are a few ways to combat just how badly you will be affected. Motoring organisation RAC previously shared advice on how to save money as a driver that will come in handy during this price surge. They recommend not paying extra for premium fuel, as ‘unless you’re driving a performance vehicle,’ it is unlikely that you will notice a difference. There are also ways to reduce the amount of fuel wasted when driving, such as not pressing the accelerator when you start the car, and driving gently when it’s cold, according to RAC. Additionally, a spokesperson for NetVoucherCodes explained to Metro.co.uk: ‘If there are little things that can be done to make fuel stretch that little bit further then it’s certainly worth doing them. ‘Simple things like taking anything weighty out of the boot—we’re all guilty of leaving things lurking in it—and keeping a check on tyre pressure. ‘Making a few of these small changes and being aware of our driving habits can help us make our fuel last longer.’ MORE : When can you claim the Winter Fuel Payment and who is eligible? MORE : When do you get the £650 cost of living grant and do you need to apply? Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below.