The family of the ‘skateboard hero’ of the 2017 London Bridge terror attack have launched a campaign for him to become a saint, with support from the Roman Catholic church. Ignacio Echeverría, 39, was in Borough Market on June 3, 2017 when he used his skateboarder to fend off three terrorists, earning the title the ‘skateboard hero’ from his friends. The Spanish-born banker lept into action when he saw a man attacking a police officer before moving on to attack a woman. Ignacio ran towards the terrorist and started hitting him with his skateboard, diverting his attention long enough for others to escape to safety. When Ignacio tried to take on a second a terrorist he was fatally stabbed in the back. Now, his family have announced they are working with the Roman Catholic Church to start the process of canonisation, The Times reports. The campaign is reportedly inspired by the words of the Pope written in an open letter shortly after the attacks. ‘The heroic offering of life, suggested and sustained by charity, expresses a true, complete and exemplary imitation of Christ and, therefore, deserves the admiration that the community of the faithful usually reserves for those who have voluntarily accepted martyrdom of blood or have heroically exercised Christian virtues,’ Pope Francis wrote. He went on to say that those who ‘offer their lives voluntarily and freely for others’ are worthy of distinction. The comments prompted Juan Antonio Martínez Camino, the auxiliary bishop of Madrid, to write to Ignacio’s family to ask if they would be interested in pursuing his canonisation. An association to promote his path to sainthood was set up last November according to the Spanish newspaper El Mundo. Ignacio has already received several posthumous honours, including the Spanish Order of Civil Merit and Britain’s George Medal, which was bestowed on his parents by the Queen. In Spain, two skateboard parks have also been named after him in Madrid and Alicante. Ignacio studied law at the Complutense University in Madrid, followed by the Sorbonne in Paris, he later worked for HSBC in London. His Catholic faith is said to have strongly influenced his life and he volunteered for the Catholic Action group. The process of becoming a saint is long. Candidates must normally have been dead for a minimum of five years before they can be considered, although this can be waived by the Pope. The ‘five year rule’ is designed to act as cooling-off period allowing a person’s case to be evaluated objectively. Once the five-year period has passed, the bishop of the diocese where the person died can open an investigation into their life to decide if they lived with sufficient holiness and virtue to be put forward for Sainthood. If enough evidence is gathered, the bishop can ask the Congregation for the Causes of Saints to make a recommendation to the Pope for permission to open the case. If the case is opened proof of a life of ‘heroic virtue’ must be shown, if enough evidence is collected and approved the case is then passed to the Pope. The fourth stage of the process is beautification. To achieve beautification, a miracle must be attributed to prayers made to the individual. Prayers being answered are seen as proof that the person is already in heaven, however, this requirement is waived for martyrs. Once someone has been beautified they are given the title blessed. They must then have a second miracle attributed to them to become reach canonisation, the step to becoming a saint. Martyrs only need one verified miracle, post-beatification, to become a saint. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.