Billie Eilish has clearly been keeping up with the trial of the decade as she appears to have made a reference to Johnny Depp and Amber Heard’s explosive trial on a new song. Like the rest of the world, it’s probably been hard for Billie, 20, to avoid the bitter legal battle between Johnny, 59, and Amber, 36, who were counter-suing each other for defamation. Pirates of the Caribbean actor Johnny filed the lawsuit against his ex-wife over an article she wrote for The Washington Post detailing her domestic abuse experience in 2018. Johnny argued that, while he was not mentioned directly in the op-ed, it clearly was about him and suggested he was physically and sexually abusive towards the Aquaman actress during their short-lived marriage. Amber, in turn, counter-sued Johnny for defamation after suggesting her claims of abuse weren’t true. Following a six-week highly-publicised televised trial, the jury ruled in Johnny’s favour and found that Amber did defame him with her op-ed. It was certainly an eventful trial with shocking details of Johnny and Amber’s turbulent marriage playing out in court and entertaining witnesses, leading to predictions that it’ll be turned into a TV series or film. However, the trial has made its way to music first with Billie appearing to address the controversy on a new song called TV, which she debuted on her UK tour this week. Performing at Manchester’s AO Arena on Tuesday night, the hitmaker sang: ‘The internet’s gone wild watching movie stars on trial, while they’re overturning Roe v Wade,’ also in reference to the abortion law battle in America. Billie sang alongside her brother, collaborator and songwriter Finneas O’Connell, and told the audience: ‘This is one we just wrote, and we just wanted to play for you.’ It was the Bad Guy singer’s first performance in the UK since 2019 and she’s set to headline Glastonbury later this month. The battle between Johnny and Amber may not be over yet as the actress is planning on appealing the verdict, saying it has ‘set women’s rights back’. However, Johnny’s lawyers have hinted they could waive the damages she is required to pay if she drops the appeal. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp teases something is coming ‘soon’ as he shares cryptic photo of Hollywood legend Hedy Lamarr MORE : Johnny Depp’s lawyers hint he could waive Amber Heard’s $8,000,000 damages after admitting she can’t afford to pay 