There seems to have been a celebrity wedding resurgence in 2022 and we are totally here for it. From Britney Spears finally getting her fairytale ending and tying the knot with Sam Asghari, to Kourtney Kardashian wedding Travis Barker not one, not two, but three times, the celeb couples have just been the gift that never stops giving. Whether they wanted a lavish do like Paris Hilton and Carter Reum, or a totally private ceremony like Strictly Come Dancing’s Karen Hauer and Jordan Wyn-Jones, every nuptials has been different. Not only have we seen some of the biggest names in showbiz walk down the aisle in the first half of the year, but there are plenty more to come, including the long-awaited big day of music mogul Simon Cowell and Lauren Silverman. If you’re struggling to keep track of all these celebrity weddings then do not fear, because we’re here to give you all the deets and help you feel like you were there, without needing to leave your couch.  We’re starting off strong with David and Victoria Beckham’s eldest child Brooklyn and American actress Nicola Peltz. The young couple wed in an extremely lavish ceremony at Nicola’s family estate in Florida in April, following two years of dating. Since she’s the son of billionaire business tycoon Nelson Peltz, Nicola’s wedding to Brooklyn was always going to be fancy, and they pulled out all the stops by splashing out an eye-watering $3million (£2.4m). The lovebirds wed in Palm Beach in front of 300 guests, with everyone from Serena Williams to Gordon Ramsay, to actual Spice Girls Mel B and Mel C in attendance. Nicola wore a stunning Valentino dress and in modern fashion, the couple took each others’ surnames, becoming Mr and Mrs Peltz Beckham. They’ve been living in a love bubble ever since becoming husband and wife and if you ever have doubts over whether they’re the real deal, just take a look at Brooklyn’s arm since he has his wedding vows permanently inked onto his skin. Kourtney and Travis married – for a third time – by exchanging vows in a gorgeous ceremony in Portofino, Italy. Kourtney’s children, Mason 12, Penelope, nine, and seven-year-old Reign – who she has with former partner Scott Disick – were in attendance for the ceremony, along with her mother, Kris Jenner. Her siblings Kim Kardashian, Khloe Kardashian, Kylie Jenner, and Kendall Jenner, as well as the latter’s boyfriend, Devin Booker, and her momager’s partner, Corey Gamble also joined the star-studded event, as well as Travis’ daughter Alabama. Their big day – for which they rented out an entire castle – came after Kourt and Travis went public with their romance in early 2021 before getting engaged in October. Travis proposed on a Malibu beach, with the romantic moment recently unveiled in an episode of the new The Kardashians series. The couple had earlier held a ‘practice’ wedding after the Grammys in April hosted by an Elvis impersonator at 2am, but it wasn’t valid as Kourtney and Travis didn’t obtain a marriage licence beforehand. They then legally married in Santa Barbara with Kourtney’s grandmother MJ and Travis’ dad Ted as witnesses, before celebrating with loved ones. Pop queen Britney started dating Sam in 2016 after the pair met on set of her music video. Sam popped the question last year and they finally got their happy ending. The adorable couple wed in a private ceremony at their Los Angeles home, with some big stars in attendance, including Madonna, Selena Gomez, and Paris Hilton – who turned down an invitation to DJ for President Joe Biden so she could be there. Sadly, the day did not go without a hitch as Brit’s ex-husband Jason Alexander crashed the wedding before it happened, live-streaming on Instagram and confronting security. Jason – who was married to Britney for 55 hours following a spontaneous Vegas ceremony – was soon arrested, though, and Britney was able to tie the knot. She wore four dresses for the special occasion, but defied tradition by not having a first dance or anyone to give her away, since her parents and sister were not invited. But, the Toxic hitmaker did opt for the ‘Just Married’ sign on the back of a Rolls Royce following the after party, as she and her new husband drove off into the sunset. Speaking of Paris Hilton, who could forget her ultra extravagant wedding? The heiress became a married woman at the Bel-Air estate of her late grandfather, hotelier and philanthropist Barron Hilton. In true Paris fashion, not only was her big day filmed but she documented the entire process, from beginning to end, for Peacock series, Paris In Love. ‘Twas a three-day affair, with everyone from longtime bestie Kim Kardashian to The Simple Life pal Nicole Richie on the guest list. Paris – who started dating Carter in 2019 – referred to the businessman as her ‘Prince Charming’ and said she finally found her ‘happy ending’ with him. Singer Pixie and her new husband Oliver were engaged for six years before finally walking down the aisle, but it was worth the wait. The sweethearts – who started dating in 2010 after meeting at an event – wed at Ely Cathedral in Cambridgeshire in early June, with the bride opting for a cream strapless gown. They were showered with confetti by friends and family upon emerging as husband and wife, both wearing beaming smiles on their faces. Despite the miserable British weather, no one was raining on this couple’s parade, with a whole host of guests in attendance to celebrate their love – including Idris Elba’s wife Sabrina, Lady Emma Weymouth, and McFly’s Danny Jones. Pixie and Oliver had to postpone their wedding several times due to the pandemic, with the Kiss The Stars hitmaker sharing that she wanted to hold off until they could have the day they’d dreamed of. She told New! Magazine: ‘I didn’t want to do it when there were restrictions and we couldn’t invite everyone we wanted to because of the rules. ‘I wanted to wait until we could have the big party- our wedding will be a big party.’ Ariana Grande’s brother Frankie Grande married Hale Leon in May in an epic Star Wars themed event. Of course, they chose May 4 as their date (May the Fourth be with you, and all that), with their wedding followed by a joint bachelor party weekend and a mini-moon. It remains unclear whether pop royalty sis Ariana attended, but she did wish the couple well with a sweet Instagram post afterwards, thanking Hale for loving Frankie ‘the way that you do’ and saying that it’s ‘all I’ve ever wanted for him.’ No Star Wars wedding would be complete without light sabers, which they also had, as well as an epic Star Wars cake, but the celebrations haven’t ended yet, as the husbands plan to have another bash with their loved ones in the coming months. Gushing over his other haf, Frankie told Hale: ‘Let me just say I am the happiest I’ve ever been. ‘I’m married to the man of my dreams, our families have merged together so beautifully and we are well on our way to happily ever after. I love you, Hale Grande. I am so so honoured to be your husband.’ Ewan McGregor and Mary Elizabeth Winstead were together for four years before marrying in a small, intimate ceremony. The Fargo co-stars – who share 10-month-old son Laurie – are thought to have wed in April, deciding to keep their nuptials under wraps and away from the public eye, just like the rest of their relationship. The celebration reportedly took place on private property, with an insider claiming just relatives and close friends attended. ‘They had an outdoor ceremony. It was lovely and joyful. The menu was farm-to-table. They are an adorable couple. They are pretty low-key and like their canyon life. They often hike and go to the beach,’ they told People. Actress Mary split from husband Riley Stearns in May 2017 after seven years of marriage. Doctor Sleep star Ewan then separated from wife Eve Mavrakis in January 2017 after 22 years of marriage, and filed for divorce. He filed a request to be declared legally single before going on to finalise the divorce in the summer of 2020, and marrying Mary two years later. Billie Lourd and Austen Rydell married back in March in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico. The bride looked stunning in a custom sequinned Rodarte gown before changing into a second dress for her afterparty, inspired by the dance outfits her late ‘glam-ma’ Debbie Reynolds wore during her shows. Carrie Fisher’s daughter met producer Austen back in January 2011 while they were both attending NYU. Austen proposed in June of 2020, with Billie’s hilarious response being ‘duh!’ instead of ‘yes’. The couple also share son Kingston Fisher Lourd Rydell, whom they welcomed in September. Karen Hauer – the longest serving Strictly pro – opted for a totally secret wedding to partner Jordan Wyn-Jones. She described the day as a ‘fairytale’ with fellow Strictly stars Janette Manrara and Luba Mushtuk in attendance. ‘It feels like a fairytale day,’ Karen told Hello! adding: ‘It felt so special to bring our families and friends together.’ The intimate ceremony took place at Chewton Glen in Hampshire. This was Karen’s third time tying the knot, since she was married to partner Matthew Hauer until 2009, and then to fellow Strictly pro Kevin Clifton from 2015-2018. She went on to date opera singer David Webb for two years, however they are said to have ‘quietly split’ in September 2020. Mean Girls star Jonathan Bennett married his partner of four years Jaymes Vaughan in a ceremony with just over 100 guests. They tied the knot in Mexico after Jonathan got engaged to the TV presenter in 2020. Following their dreamy, inclusive ceremony in March, Jonathan – who played heartthrob Aaron Samuels in the iconic 2000s film – told People: ‘When you’re part of the LGBTQ+ fam, not everything in the wedding space is for you yet’ He continued: ‘The whole purpose of our wedding is to come together and join the two of us together, join our families together and start a new family. ‘And all that, as we were going through this process, we realised that our wedding is also more than just about us, it’s about the entire community.’ British Vogue’s Editor-In-Chief Edward Enninful tied the knot with his long-term partner Alec Maxwell at a star-studded ceremony, with a bevy of A-list pals including Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell and Victoria Beckham as guests. Marrying in February, the couple chose the sprawling 16th century Longleat House in Wiltshire for their location, which is the home of the editor’s close friend Emma Thynn, Marchioness of Bath and her husband Ceawlin Thynn, 8th Marquess of Bath. The bash is thought to have cost a staggering £600,000, with one expert estimating that the flowers alone could have cost around £250k. Around 300 guests attended the nighttime bash, with everyone from Maya Jama to supposedly even Leonardo DiCaprio showing up for the celebrations. Time to talk about another secret ceremony now, with James McAvoy and Lisa Liberati. The couple met on the set of James’ movie Split back in 2017 and despite being inundated with questions about whether he’d tied the knot, the actor always refused to comment. However, he confirmed this year that he married Lisa – who is now the Social media manager for the real estate app Jove – and considers himself an ‘honorary Philadelphian’, with the State being like a ‘second home.’ When the pair met, the Hollywood actor was married to actress Anne-Marie Duff but was in the midst of separating following 11 years of marriage. The former couple share a son, 11-year-old Brendan, but James was spotted with Lisa in 2020 after they spent lockdown together.  As if all of that wasn’t exciting enough, we still have plenty of celeb weddings to come this year, including Britain’s Got Talent judge Simon Cowell and his parter Lauren Silverman. It seems the pair could tie the knot any day now, as it was recently reported that they are set to wed in London this month. ‘Simon cannot wait to have Lauren as his wife and didn’t see the point in delaying it,’ a source told the Sun newspaper. ‘He has taken charge of the planning and the date has been set for June.’ X Factor judge Simon has been with Lauren 2013 and the couple announced their engagement in January 2022. They also share eight-year-old son Eric who, as you would expect, is the spitting image of his dad. Their wedding is expected to be an intimate affair but, when you’re Simon Cowell and your phonebook is 99% celebs, we’re sure there’ll be some famous faces – such as Amanda Holden and David Walliams – on the guest list. Kelly Brook and Jeremy Parisi found love seven years ago and are now reportedly planning their dream summer wedding. The former Big Breakfast presenter met the model in 2014 after Kelly saw Jeremy in an Instagram video and, in true modern style, slid into his DMs. Details of the proposal are yet to be revealed with a source claiming Kelly played coy about the engagement, as she wanted to keep it between her and Jeremy. However, their loved ones will no doubt be receiving wedding invitations soon as they’re reportedly set to tie the knot in just a matter of weeks. ‘This wedding is something she has dreamt of her whole life but it will be equally as low-key as her engagement — which she has kept under wraps for a while now,’ an insider told The Sun. They added that the married couple to be ‘could not be happier’ and ‘can’t wait’ to make things official. Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash are everyone’s favourite Essex couple and they actually should’ve been in the first half of this list. However, the pair chose to delay their wedding day when Stacey became pregnant with daughter Rose, whom she welcomed on her own birthday last year. The couple wanted all their children to be in attendance so they held off until Rose was born. Now the preparations are well and truly underway and the couple – who already share two-year-old son Rex – have offered fans a sneak peek at their aisle. Stacey – who has Zach, 13, and Leighton, nine, from previous partners – admitted she’s ‘so nervous’ about the upcoming big day as they put the finishing touches to the ceremony, which will take place at their beloved Pickle Cottage. She met Joe – who also has 13-year-old son Harry from a previous relationship – way back during their I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! days, before Joe proposed on Christmas Eve 2020. Now, the X Factor star has her dress all picked out and we cannot wait to catch a glimpse of what will surely be a magical, fairytale of a wedding. Which celebrity wedding are you most looking forward to this year? Who knows, perhaps there’ll be more surprise nuptials around the corner. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Madonna cuts stylish figure in hot pink shorts on evening out with mystery man after partying at Britney Spears’ wedding MORE : Chloe Green enjoys glamorous date with boyfriend Manuele Thiella amid claims she’s ‘expecting second child’ 