Ricky Gervais frequently likes to push the boat with his comedy, joking that his fans have been ‘reported for hate crimes’ for laughing at the wrong parts of his new material. Last night, the comedian performed at Leicester Square Theatre in London, testing out new content for his upcoming stand-up show titled Armageddon. The 60-year-old previously admitted that he wanted to ‘try to get cancelled’ with Armageddon, saying earlier this year: ‘I’m treating it like it’s my last one ever. It won’t be, but I want to put everything into it. I want to try and get cancelled. No, I just want to go all-out there.’ It appears his new show will elicit some strong reactions from audiences… with The Office creator jokingly claiming that the people attending the show didn’t laugh at the right moments. ‘Another amazing audience at @lsqtheatre for my #Armageddon new material night,’ he wrote on Twitter. ‘They laughed at things that shouldn’t be laughed at and I have reported them all for hate crimes. I’ll do more soon.’ Ricky’s latest remarks come after he was recently criticised for jibes he made about the trans community in his Netflix special SuperNature, when he said that ‘old-fashioned women’ are ‘the ones with wombs’ and he joked about transitioning to become ‘Vicky Gervais’. The After Life creator claimed on the programme that he supports trans rights, while also stating: ‘It’s mad to think joking about something means you’re anti-it.’ Following his show in Leicester Square, several of his fans took to Twitter to share how much they enjoyed the performance. ‘Just attended new material for Armageddon by @rickygervais When we get to see the finished product we will all be spoilt. Comic genius!!’ one person tweeted. ‘@rickygervais is an absolute genius. Just seen him doing stand up for his new tour at @lsqtheatre and I’m still laughing at his jokes now,’ another said. Someone else described the show as ‘breathtaking’, predicting that ‘it’ll blow SuperNature out of the water’. ‘Brilliant seeing @rickygervais tonight at Leicester Square. Armageddon will be epic, can’t wait to see the final material!’ one person wrote. Ricky Gervais: Armageddon is yet to announce a premiere date. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katherine Ryan hopes trans community don’t feel ‘attacked’ by jokes after Ricky Gervais controversy MORE : Stephen Merchant not sure if he’ll ever work with Ricky Gervais again: ‘We had our moment’ 