Dazzling Princess Anne could be seen grinning from ear to ear as she arrived at the Epsom Derby Day while the Queen watched from home. Anne, alongside husband Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence, arrived at the famous racecourse just before 1pm today. They were joined by Anne’s children Peter Phillips and Zara Tindall, and her husband, former rugby player Mike. Her Majesty the Queen couldn’t attend the sporting event due to her mobility issues. She was sent a souvenir race card to follow all the action live on TV directly from Windsor Castle. Princess Anne could be seen grinning at the crowds as they all waved their union jack flags in jubilation. She appeared in the famous royal box as the national anthem could be heard beaming across the renowned racecourse. Anne was then seen waving and giggling while thanking the loyal spectators for their warm welcome. Although Her Majesty did not attend the event, this did not stop the celebrations from taking place. 40 jockeys donned their royal racing silks and formed a guard of honour before the national anthem was sung. Five of the monarch’s former racehorses were also paraded and a selection of hats inspired by the seven decades of her reign were also on display. Frankie Dettori and Willie Carson have ridden some of the Queen’s most memorable winners, lined part of the course with all the other jockeys. Describing for BBC News the pride he has felt while riding for the Queen in her racing colours, Dettori said: ‘Every time you see these (colours) on your peg you (have) this sense of importance and it’s a great honour. ‘Look she’s a big lover of horse racing, and like you say she’s only missed the Derby twice. ‘But I’m sure today she’ll find a TV and she’s going to watch it live because she loves the Derby so much. ‘She’s been breeding horses for over 60 years she knows all the blood lines and she’s won lots of races and she’s very knowledgeable.’ The Queen’s only runner Just Fine was removed from the World Pool Northern Dancer Handicap at the 48-hour declaration stage on Thursday. Her hopes of winning the Derby were dashed earlier in May when her horse Reach For The Moon, who was among the favourites, and two others were withdrawn. Thoroughbreds owned by the Queen have won four out of the five flat racing classics, the 1,000 Guineas and 2,000 Guineas, the Oaks and the St Leger, with only the Derby eluding her. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.