This is the adorable moment a Tesco worker is surprised with a double whammy of wonderful news about his favourite customer. Jazmine Rocks, from London, wanted to surprise Larry in person with the news that she was not only engaged to her fiancé, but pregnant, too. She caught his adorable, happy reaction on video, and shared it on her TikTok, where it now has over a million views. Jazmine tells Metro.co.uk: ‘I knew this had the potential to go viral as Larry is just amazing and I knew everyone would see how wonderful and caring he is – but it’s still a shock – I can’t keep up with the comments and notifications!’ Their wholesome strangers-to-friend story started back in 2010 when Jazmine fmet Larry while he was working at her local Tesco Express in Battersea. ‘My mum and I would pop in a couple of times a week, so we were used to seeing his smiling face – he had the most infectious and positive energy,’ she recalls. Then, Jazmine and her mum bumped into Larry at their local restaurant. ‘It was like one of those moments when you see a teacher outside of school.. we recognised each other, and since then we would always have chats, jump out in the aisles to surprise each other,’ she says. The pair became such good friends that whenever Jazmine had news, Larry would be one of the first to hear about it. She says: ‘He met my boyfriend before my dad did. Larry even says now that he knew straight away that Rob was the one!’ Now 29, Jazmine works as a content creator at @jazzabellediary and head of content & community at Mamamade. Even though 12 years have passed, and she now lives on the other side of London, she still pops in to see Larry whenever she can. He moved to another Tesco store, this time in Wandsworth. Funnily enough, Jazmine’s mum had decided to move there. ‘It was meant to be,’ Jazmine says. Jazmine hadn’t seen her Tesco bestie since last autumn and has since got engaged to Rob and fell pregnant. She wanted to tell him the news firsthand, but had to wait until she was visiting her mum, who lives around the corner. ‘She has seen Larry loads, but we wanted to keep this quiet until I could actually be there to tell him,’ Jazmine tells us. She added: ‘We know what days he works, so we went in, and I was hiding my bump with my jacket and bag… First I wanted to share the engagement news, as I knew the bump would be a bigger surprise for him! ‘His reaction is SO Larry and just as expected. Every piece of news or milestone I have shared with him, he always has the most lovely reactions.’ Larry, who has now been crowned Tesco’s new honorary Head of Happiness, is one of ‘the most kind, caring, loving people who is just so joyful,’ Jazmine says. He is always happy to celebrate someone else’s news or success, she adds. Jazmine is due to give birth in September, and ‘can’t wait’ for Larry to meet the little one. In the meantime, Jazmine will keep popping in to see Larry when she can, and plans to meet his daughter for coffee soon. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : We review the ‘mega’ chippy that’s gone viral on TikTok MORE : Couple who fell in love on TikTok marry two weeks after meeting in person MORE : When should you announce your pregnancy?