A death row inmate convicted of killing a young girl nearly 40 years ago has been executed in Arizona. Frank Atwood, 66, was found guilty of murdering eight-year-old Vicki Lynne Hoskinson, whose body was found in the desert northwest of Tucson nearly seven months after she went missing in 1984. He died by lethal injection at the state prison in Florence shortly after 10.15am local time on Wednesday. Atwood had spent almost 35 years on death row and had exhausted all of his appeals. Arizona Attorney General Mark Brnovich said in a statement: ‘To an innocent child whose life was brutally taken and a family that has had to endure decades of suffering, Arizonans will never forget.’ Atwood was the second Arizona prisoner to be put to death in less than a month. The execution of Clarence Dixon in May ended the state’s moratorium that was blamed on the difficulty of obtaining lethal injection drugs and criticism that a 2014 killing was botched. Death penalty opponents now worry that Arizona will ‘open the flood gates’ and start executing a steady stream of prisoners who have languished on death row. State officials have yet to provide details when asked about future execution plans, but Mr Bronovich said: ‘We will continue to seek justice for every victim.’ Vicki Lynne vanished while riding her bike home from posting a birthday card on September 17, 1984. A hiker found her remains in the desert seven months later. Experts were unable to determine a cause of death, but prosecutors argued he kidnapped the youngster and killed her. Atwood was convicted of lewd and lascivious conduct with a child under 14 in California in 1975, something authorities pointed to as an aggravating factor making him eligible for the death penalty. Vicki Lynne’s mother, Debbie Carlson, watched the execution and told reporters after Atwood died that ‘today marks final justice for our daughter’. She said: ‘Our family has waited for 37 years, eight months and 22 days for this day to come.’ Ms Carlson described her daughter as ‘a vibrant little girl with an infectious laugh and a smile that would melt your heart’. She added: ‘Her royal blue eyes reflected an old soul of wisdom, and her freckled nose was unique and we are blessed to see it in our grandchildren today. ‘Vicki was a feisty little one that always kept you on your toes and will forever be known as Dennis the Menace, giggling all the way.’ But Joseph Perkovich, one of Atwood’s attorneys, said in a statement that his client’s execution doesn’t resolve what he said were unanswered questions about the case. ‘The state of Arizona executed Frank Atwood despite lingering doubts about his guilt,’ he said. ‘The case against Frank was purely circumstantial and significant evidence pointed to another suspect.’ Prosecutors claimed that Atwood was trying to indefinitely postpone his execution. They had argued that he would undergo excruciating suffering strapped to the gurney while lying on his back because he has a degenerative spinal condition. But the authorities said his pain would be alleviated by propping him with a pillow on the gurney, which has a tilting function. He denied a final meal, saying he was fasting, and wore the black skull cap of his Greek Orthodox religion with a red cross on it along with a black cross around his neck. Bud Foster, a journalist for KOLD-TV who saw Atwood’s execution and has attended others, said ‘it was probably the most peaceful of any of the executions that I witnessed’. Medical personnel preparing him initially struggled to find a vein in Atwood’s right arm to put in an IV, but inserted it in his right hand at Atwood’s suggestion, said Henry Brean, an Arizona Daily Star reporter who was another execution witness. Dixon was executed on May 11 for his murder conviction in the 1978 killing of Deana Bowdoin, a 21-year-old Arizona State University student. His execution was criticized by death penalty experts because it took officials about 30 minutes to insert an IV to deliver the lethal drug and 10 minutes after that to die. They said executions should take seven to 10 minutes from the beginning of the IV insertion process until the moment the prisoner is declared dead. The execution team first tried and failed to insert an IV into Dixon’s left arm before they were able to connect it in his right arm. They then made an incision in his groin area for another line. Dixon’s execution was the first to be carried out in the state since the July 2014 execution of Joseph Wood, who was given 15 doses of a two-drug combination over nearly two hours. Wood snorted repeatedly and gasped before he died. His attorney said the execution had been botched. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.