Arsenal have been handed a boost in their pursuit of Aaron Hickey, with Bologna’s new sporting director admitting they could decide to cash in on the Scotland defender. Gunners boss Mikel Arteta wants to sign a new left-back this summer and has identified Hickey as a top target. Hickey has thrived at Serie A side Bologna since his £1.5m move from Hearts in 2020, making 48 appearances for the Italian club last season. Arsenal’s Premier League rivals Brentford are also interested in signing Hickey, with the 20-year-old now valued at around £21m. Bologna chief Marco Di Vaio has given Arsenal and Brentford hope of securing Hickey’s signature, admitting the defender could be ‘sacrificed’ as the club look to raise funds. ‘It could be, he is one of those we could sacrifice, but if we don’t receive adequate offers, he’ll likely stay for another year,’ Di Vaio said at a press conference. ‘We have a good potential to do well and earn more than 50 points [next season]. We must be good at financing new signings and finding new players. ‘If we make the right moves, we’ll be able to replace them and keep all the others.’ Arteta has decided to sign a new left-back after being left underwhelmed by Nuno Tavares’ performances when the Portuguese star filled in for the injured Kieran Tierney last season. Arsenal’s manager also wants to sign a new striker to replace the departed duo Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette and a new central midfielder. Last month, Gunners legend Nigel Winterburn endorsed his former club’s move for Hickey and said the signing ‘fits the bill’. ‘It’s a signing that fits the bill at Arsenal which I’ve spoken about plenty of times, bringing in young players to develop them,’ Winterburn told FreeSuperTips. ‘Right and left back is certainly a position that needs strengthening in depth, and you want players challenging the first-choice players. If form drops or there’s injuries, then you step in and keep your place until your own form drops. ‘You want that competition for places in your squad. I haven’t seen masses of him only a few snippets, but some of the reports I’ve been reading. ‘One of his old managers suggest he’s a bit like Philipp Lahm, so if he is then it would be a great addition to the squad. ‘He’s only 19 so it’s a young age, but he’s had a lot of experience already which is incredible. That fits exactly with the model Arsenal have taken through this season and it looks as if they’ll continue that model throughout next season as well.’ Arsenal finished fifth in the Premier League last season, two points behind north London rivals Tottenham. They begin the 2022-23 campaign with a trip to Crystal Palace on August 5. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 