It’s getting seriously more challenging to distinguish between Amanda Holden and her lookalike daughter Lexi Hughes as the pair rocked similar looks to Wimbledon. The mother-daughter duo were among the celebrities invited down to enjoy the first day of the tennis tournament, which kicked off on Monday. Amanda, 51, mixed business with pleasure as she was spotted leaving the Heart radio studios with her 16-year-old daughter Lexi beside her after hosting her breakfast show. The broadcaster kept it clean and pristine for the fun day out wearing an all-white get-up featuring a crop top and smart shirt tucked into her A-line skirt. However, it was the finishing touches to Amanda’s outfit that deserved all the attention as she was seen aptly carrying a tennis ball handbag because, even if you’re not taking part, it’s more than OK to look the part. Complimenting the colour of her mum’s quirky accessory, Lexi wore a green oversized suit teamed with a white crop, looking every inch the aspiring model. The only differences between the two being that while Amanda wore her hair straight and flowing free, Lexi opted for a slick back look with her hair scraped into a tight bun, while she finished off her outfit with a pair of shades. They were later seen arriving at Wimbledon in south west London and appeared to have a fun journey over, with Amanda sharing a photo to her Instagram stories of Lexi posing in the car. Once they arrived, they continued posing for selfies together in the bathroom mirror. It’s possible Lexi will be getting used to the spotlight over the coming year as it was previously reported she had signed a deal with Storm, the same modelling agency that turned Kate Moss into a superstar catwalk icon. Sources claimed that Amanda would gradually introduce Lexi to the spotlight through high-profile public appearances that would increase over time before going full steam ahead when she turns 18. An insider told The Sun in March: ‘The plan is for Lexi to meet with a number of heavyweights of the next few years and make a name for herself. ‘Love Island stars can command six figure deals for a single collection and with the offers coming in thick and fast for Lexi it’s no exaggeration to say she could easily land countless deals of that value within a year. ‘She really is the hottest ticket in town.’ Amanda shares Lexi with husband Chris Hughes, and the couple are also proud parents of youngest daughter Hollie, 10. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kevin Spacey sexual assault allegations explored in Channel 4 documentary MORE : Selling Sunset’s Jason Oppenheim never wants to be in a relationship following ’emotional’ Chrishell Stause split 