Pet Shop Boys certainly did not disappoint with their Glastonbury performance, bringing out special guest Olly Alexander. The Years and Years hitmaker took to the Other Stage for a gorgeous performance of Dreamland with the band, helmed by Neil Tennant. Olly and Neil looked thrilled to be singing together, especially after the young singer covered the band’s hit It’s A Sin for the Russell T Davies drama. ‘Mister Olly Alexander!’ Neil cried to the crowd, with Olly responding: ‘Thank you so much! I love you Pet Shop Boys!’ ‘We love you!’ Neil replied. We love legends supporting legends! Fans were thrilled by Olly’s appearance, but equally confused as Pet Shop Boys star Chris Lowe didn’t take to the stage during the first part of the set. He did eventually turn up and, while no explanation was given for his intitial absence, Neil did refer to a ‘technical difficulty’. ‘Absolute magic from the Pet Shop Boys, with a lovely dash of Olly Alexander thrown in,’ one fan declared, with another saying: ‘Pet Shop Boys and Olly Alexander, just outstanding!!! What I’ve waited for all weekend.’ ‘I knew it, there was NO way the Pet Shop Boys wouldn’t get Olly Alexander on given he just did his set,’ one more said, while another went on to say: ‘Pet Shop Boys, Olly Alexander Absolutely Class.’ We couldn’t agree more! Also taking to the stage on Sunday was headliner Kendrick Lamar, who closed out Glastonbury 2022 with a powerful performance, wearing a crown of thorns. He followed Friday and Saturday headliners Billie Eilish and Sir Paul McCartney. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lorde declares: ‘F**k the Supreme Court’ and alters song during Glastonbury set after Roe v Wade overturned MORE : Diana Ross gets Glastonbury security team dancing along to hit Upside Down: ‘I was waiting for you guys!’ 