Alice Evans has said she is ‘completely out of money for food and bills’ amid her bitter split and court case with estranged husband Ioan Gruffudd. The couple met on the set of 102 Dalmatians in 2000 and were married for 14 years before Ioan filed for divorce in March last year, followed by a restraining order in February 2022. They share two daughters – Ella, 12, and Elsie, eight – for whom Alice was insistent she would be ‘the best mother I can possibly be’, despite the challenging circumstances. Taking to Instagram, the Vampire Diaries actress shared a slow-motion video of Elsie jumping for joy with a wide smile on her face. ‘Trying to hold it all together whilst being threatened, completely out of money for food and bills and just found out somebody tried to break down our outside door last night! 😱’ Alice began.‘But it’s all worth it for this! (And the one who currently doesn’t want to be photographed.)’ she went on. ‘Whatevs. Most of all, I will be the best mother I can possibly be. Forever. They will never lose me.’ Alice added: ‘Thank you everybody for so much love and support! Having a bit of a rough moment!’ The 53-year-old had vented on social media on Tuesday, as she said Ioan, 48, was successful in having the domestic violence restraining order (DVRO) against her extended, which he requested after claiming that he was inundated with messages and verbal threats from her. In a now-deleted post, she had claimed Ioan and his new partner Bianca Wallace, with whom he recently made his red carpet debut, wanted her ‘to go to jail’ for not attending court as she insisted there was ‘no abusive marriage for four years’, which is something Ioan has alleged. Since then, Alice has returned to Instagram with a screenshot of an email regarding her restraining order from Ioan’s lawyer, which reminds her it stays ‘in full force and effect’ and that her ‘continued false, defamatory, harassing and threatening statements regarding Ioan on social media are violations’. The Lost star lashed out in the caption in the early hours of Sunday morning, writing: ‘Only in America can you become a criminal when your husband leaves YOU!’ ‘Ps: I’m not ranting about him – I’m ranting about the system,’ she added, continuing: ‘My front gate got smashed last night (we found out just now). What me and my two girls need law enforcement for us to stop people breaking into our houses, not coming to take the mother away because Daddy’s feelings got hurt.’ Alice previously filed to seek custody of their daughters, asking for Ioan to be given visitation rights. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Khloe Kardashian enjoys relaxed family lunch with ex Tristan Thompson and daughter True after his cheating scandal airs on show MORE : Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey says Father’s Day will ‘get harder’ for children – but they’ll make it a celebration 