Amanda Holden knows how to make an impression with her Britain’s Got Talent attire… and tonight, she pulled out all the stops to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Tonight, two more acts will make it through the fifth and final semi-final for a chance to reach Sunday’s final. As the judge made her entrance on the stage with Simon Cowell, David Walliams and Alesha Dixon for the latest live show, she was revealed to be wearing a spectacular Union Jack gown that definitely gives Ginger Spice a run for her money. To complete her look, Amanda, 51, donned a tiara fit for royalty, with the top half of her ensemble bearing some resemblance to Wonder Woman’s costume. She beamed as she arrived on stage to huge fanfare, as David enjoyed some traditional English cakes on the judges’ panel with Simon. Some viewers expressed how much they loved Amanda’s look, with one tweeting: ‘Love your dress Amanda you look fab.’ Meanwhile, David shared a photo of himself with Amanda and Alesha ahead of the show, captioning the image: ‘Showtime.’ Ahead of the semi-final, Amanda showed off a similar Union Jack-patterned eye-catching get-up in a photoshoot in central London, holding up a Union Jack balloon as she posed at Piccadilly Circus. In another picture, she was shown smiling while standing by the River Thames, standing out in her colourful look against the grey English sky. In the final image, she twirled outside the Houses of Parliament, the train of her dress billowing behind her on the grass. This week, Amanda has delivered showstopping looks one after the other, including a purple number that featured a thigh split and bejewelled straps. Another magnificent dress she wore boasted an incredible 50,000 crystals, as she had her hair styled in a high ponytail to show off the garment in all its glory. Her latest outfit is reminiscent of the minidress Ginger Spice – aka Geri Horner – wore at the 1997 Brit Awards. However, Geri’s version was – evidently – notably shorter than Amanda’s. Tonight, the final two semi-finalists of this year’s series of Britain’s Got Talent will make it through to compete in Sunday’s final, vying for a chance to perform at the Royal Variety Show. Whoever gets through will join finalists including Greatest Showman singer Loren Allred, dance group Five Star Boys, impressionist Ben Nickless and comedian Eva Abley. Britain’s Got Talent returns on Sunday at 7.30pm on ITV and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: Amanda Holden ‘so proud’ of Golden Buzzer act Loren Allred after Greatest Showman singer soars through to final MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: Simon Cowell addresses ‘fix’ row over Greatest Showman singer Loren Allred 