A factory worker who was sacked for taking a day off to accompany his pregnant partner for a hospital scan has been awarded £8,000 in compensation for unfair dismissal. Craig Jewell put in a request for annual leave as soon as he found out the emergency appointment had been brought forward but was told by his line manager: ‘Can you f**k have Monday off.’ He then asked if he could swap a pre-booked holiday and tried several times to book it off as dependent leave before sending another request saying he would be taking it as unpaid. When he returned to work, he was invited to a disciplinary hearing for ‘failure to follow procedure with regards to holiday request’, ‘unauthorised absence’ and ‘insubordination’. While the managing director intervened to prevent Mr Jewell’s line manager sacking him then, he was later dismissed two days after trying to book his paternity leave. An employment tribunal ruled the real reason for the sacking was Mr Jewell taking time off to care for a six-year-old child and his partner on the day of the scan, when bosses argued it was for misconduct. Mr Jewell was awarded £8,352.12 in compensation after winning a case of unfair dismissal. An employment tribunal in Manchester heard Mr Jewell worked for Wigan-based packaging firm Stax Converting Limited as a machine operator from February 2018 until April 2019. In October 2018, his partner had some health issues with her pregnancy. Mr Jewell found out her next pre-booked scan – which he had already successfully booked off – would be brought forward by two days as an emergency appointment. Employment Judge Jane Aspinall said: ‘This presented a childcare problem as his partner ordinarily took the six-year-old child of the family to school. ‘He also wanted to be able to support his partner at the appointment. This was their baby and an emergency scan.’ The tribunal heard he made a request on a Friday, the day he found out about the appointment being moved, through an online system to take holiday on the following Monday. Later that day he approached his line manager Garren Lowndes, but he refused the leave and swore at Mr Jewell, saying ‘Can you f**k have Monday off’ because he had not given one week’s notice. Mr Jewell told him it was for an emergency scan and asked if he could swap his pre-booked holiday, but this was again refused. The tribunal heard he tried several more times to book dependent leave, which did not require a week’s notice, instead of annual leave on the online system but he could not find the option. He cancelled his holiday requests and instead sent another, this time for unpaid leave, writing in the subject line: ‘Won’t be in for childcare reasons. Will take unpaid day for childcare.’ Mr Jewell got no response to this request. On the Monday morning he called Mr Lowndes and said he would not be coming in as he had to ‘make arrangements to get a six-year-old child to school and to support his partner in an emergency hospital appointment’ that day. He was invited in for a disciplinary meeting when he returned to work, the tribunal was told. About two weeks later he was told disciplinary action would not be pursued and ‘we can put this down to a lack of clarity on both sides and a misunderstanding between us’. Mr Jewell had several further holiday dates which he used to attend hospital appointments with his partner. The hearing was told in the following months he was spoken to by bosses about using his mobile phone and smoking on the factory floor in the same way as other workers were. But these conversations did not constitute a formal verbal warning, the tribunal heard. In March 2019, Mr Jewell applied for paternity leave for the following May and June. The next day, Mr Lowndes started writing a letter dismissing him. The letter accused him of ‘not following company rules in relation to holiday procedures where you did not give sufficient notice and when refused the time off did not attend work’. It also mentioned warnings about using his phone and smoking on the factory floor and added: ‘This type of attitude is not acceptable because employees are expected to follow company rules and procedures at all times to ensure a healthy and safe working environment for everybody.’ The tribunal heard Mr Jewell appealed and Mr Lowndes supplied a statement for this which read: ‘In October 2018 there was an incident involving Craig whereby he did not follow company procedure resulting in unauthorised absence and insubordination. ‘He has still continued to insist that he can take time away from work against company procedures. This has resulted in a lack of trust on my part that he will reliably attend work.’ An appeal was dismissed and Mr Jewell brought his claim of unfair dismissal to an employment tribunal. Upholding his case, Judge Aspinall said: ‘The principal reason for the dismissal was the time he took off on Monday October 8, 2018, for dependant’s leave. This makes his dismissal automatically unfair. ‘Mr Lowndes had not liked the fact that he had started disciplinary proceedings against the claimant in October 2018 and they had been halted by Mr Hunt. ‘I draw an inference from the timing of the dismissal – within 48 hours of [Mr Jewell’s] request for time off for an ante natal appointment and the booking of his paternity leave. ‘I infer that allowing [Mr Jewell] his statutory rights to time off was a problem for Mr Lowndes. ‘If the reason for dismissal had been misconduct then Mr Lowndes could have taken time to investigate and to comply with the disciplinary procedure by giving a verbal warning, then a first written warning, then a final written warning before moving to dismissal.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.