Tennis star Nick Kyrgios says he was the victim of racist abuse during his straight-sets defeat to Andy Murray in Stuttgart. The Australian looked increasingly frustrated during his 6-7 2-6 defeat to the Brit in Saturday’s semi-final in Germany. Kyrgios was penalised at the start of the second set after losing his temper and smashing his racquet. Explaining his outburst after the match, Kyrgios wrote on Instagram: ‘When is this going to stop? Dealing with racial slurs from the crowd? ‘I understand that my behaviour isn’t the best all the time – but “you little black sheep”, “shut up and play” – little comments like this are not acceptable. ‘When I retaliate to the crowd, I get penalised. This is messed up.’ Murray’s victory saw him reach his first tour-level final on grass in six years. The 35-year-old will face Wimbledon runner-up Matteo Berrettini in Sunday’s final. Three-time Grand Slam champion Murray, currently ranked 68th in the world, won his last ATP Tour title in 2019. He said: ‘It has been a long time since the last final [on grass]. ‘A lot of ups and downs, but I kept going and kept working and finally managed to get to another one. I am proud of the effort I have put in.’ Discussing Kyrgios’ meltdown before the Australian revealed he had been racially abused, Murray added: ‘You’re always battling yourself as well as the opponent, it’s one of the difficult things about individual sports. ‘Nick has the potential to be one of the best players in the world, there’s absolutely no question about that. But he obviously got very frustrated in the second set and made it a lot easier for me. ‘I’m happy to be in the final. I’ve played well this week and I’ve got a great opportunity against Matteo tomorrow.’ Stuttgart’s Boss Open is one of a number of grass-court events Murray is playing ahead of Wimbledon, which begins on June 27. Murray has even suggested he could team up with British women’s number one Emma Raducanu at Wimbledon in the mixed-doubles event. ‘Last year we talked about it, but we both ended up doing well in the singles,’ Murray said last month. ‘I would love to play with Emma at some stage. ‘I’m sure we will both focus on having good runs in the singles, but yeah – I’d love to do that.’ Raducanu, who shot to fame after winning the US Open last year, is also open to teaming up with Murray. She said last week: ‘We haven’t actually spoken about it but it’s something we feel we both want to do. I’m not sure if this is going to be the year but hopefully it will happen.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 