Good morning to Cole Sprouse. The Riverdale actor was feeling a bit, er, cheeky overnight and just wanted to let the world know, it seems, snapping a rudey nudey shot of himself in his mirror that has hit anything but a bum note with fans. The actor, 29, was keen to rise and thoroughly shine in the selfie, taken from the perspective that showed off an evidently edited behind and, frankly, we’re not sure where to look so we’re just going to Google images of wholesome sunrises to cleanse the soul. But his photo comes with an ulterior motive. You see, you sort of get the feeling ol’ Cole was being rebellious, as he captioned the photo: ‘Good morning to my publicity team.’ We’re not sure what Cole’s crew did to warrant such a photo dedication, but, hey, perhaps he just wanted to give them a busy day, knowing hacks like us would jump on the photo with feverish and salivating interest. Guilty as charged. But we’re not alone: Cole’s comments section was taken over by a cacophony of thirsty punters reacting to the shot. Actor Mark Indelicato joked the photo ‘had been in his favourites’ for some time, adding: ‘So I’m glad you posted before I did,’ while Booksmart star Mason Gooding mused: ‘Hate to see you go, love to watch u leave.’ To All The Boys star Lana Condor simply wrote: ‘No’, while Zelda Williams chimed in: ‘Annnnnd just as it left my consciousness, it’s back again 😂’ and Skeet Ulrich – who plays the father of Cole’s character on Riverdale, Jughead – added a bunch of crying laughing emoji, which is always a solid choice. It’s nice Cole – who is hardly new to the hilarious Instagram game, having created a second account, with 5.2million followers, simply dedicated to snapping photos of people trying to take photos of him – is feeling the need to keep our spirits up, after the pretty glum news Riverdale is coming to an end after seven seasons. The CW drama, based on the wildly popular Archie Comics, first landed on our screens in 2017, starring Cole as Jughead Jones, KJ Apa as Archie Andrews, Lili Reinhart as Betty Cooper and Camila Mendes playing Veronica Lodge. However, the network announced that it will be coming to an end after season seven. A CW schedule release revealed that the seventh and final series will be landing on screens in 2023, so there is still time to say goodbye to the beloved gang. Speaking about the series in April, Cole admitted to GQ Hype the cast was ready to ‘wrap it up with a bow’, while CW chairman and CEO Mark Pedowitz noted: ‘I’m a big believer in giving series that have long runs an appropriate sendoff. We want to make sure it goes out the right way.’ Hey, at least we’ll have the Instagram times. MORE : Disney female co-stars were ‘heavily sexualised’ by network from young age, claims Cole Sprouse MORE : Kylie Jenner’s brother Brandon comments on her ‘free the nipple’ photo and fans are ‘freaked out’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.