On July 1, 1972, hundreds of members of the LGBTQ+ community and allies took to the streets of London for the UK’s first-ever Pride march. The group marched from Trafalgar Square to Hyde park carrying placards, banners and chanting slogans. There was a heavy police presence and a not wholly welcoming reaction from the public but the march, organised by the Gay Liberation Front (GLF), was Britain’s first Pride and in the words of one attendee ‘signalled a real change in British society’. On July 1, 2022, veterans of the first Pride march will retrace the route of the original protest to mark the event’s 50th anniversary. Among them will be today’s guest editor Peter Tatchell, who was one of around 30 GLF members who helped organise the inaugural march. ‘We came up with the idea of gay pride because mainstream straight society said we should be ashamed of who we were,’ Peter told Metro.co.uk. Homosexuality between men was partially decriminalised in 1967, but it did little to reduce discrimination against the LGBTQ+ community. ‘Gay bashing and violence was rife, including murders,’ Peter added. ‘Most LGBT+ people dared not come out and show their faces in public. ‘They feared arrest, rejection by their friends and families and being sacked from their jobs. ‘Organising the first gay Pride was a huge gamble, we had no idea if anybody would turn up.’ Two weeks before the march Peter and other members of the GLF went to Earls Court to spread the word about the march. ‘We received a mostly negative reaction from gay men at The Bolton and Coleherne pubs,’ he said. ‘Bar staff and customers forced us out of the Coleherne and some gay customers threw bottles and coins at us. ‘They said things like you “Shouldn’t draw attention to us”, “Don’t make a fuss. We should keep our heads down”.’ However, when the day of the march came, around 700 people from across the UK turned up to attend. Peter said the march was heavily policed and got a mixed reaction from the public but felt like a moment of change. ‘It was so incredibly exciting, daring, you almost felt revolutionary,’ he said. ‘We were going against the homophobic traditions of centuries. ‘It was a carnival-style parade. Full of joy and exuberance. But it was also a protest. ‘We were demanding freedom. We were claiming our right to public space against the society that said we should be ashamed and hideaway, our very presence was an act of defiance. ‘The aim of that first Pride was to celebrate LGBTQ+ visibility, life and culture and also make our claim for dignity, respect and liberation.’ Peter said it was ‘amazing to witness the progress’ made in the five decades since the first march, especially since 1999. ‘Never have so many discriminatory laws been repealed in such a short space of time,’ he added. ‘Never has a marginalised community been mainstreamed so quickly. Also present at the 1972 march and who will be attending on July 1 is Mair Twissel, 78, who became a member of GLF when she moved to London in 1970. ‘GLF was a protest, it used colourful means to express itself like street theatre and various things like that but it was a protest and it was inclusive for everyone,’ she said. Mair said the 1972 Pride march was ‘just one of many’ events she attended with GLF members and other groups during the early seventies. ‘Some people just didn’t know what we were about, they had no idea,’ she added. ‘Some shouted abuse, some looked angry as if we shouldn’t be there, it was like you should be out of sight out of mind.’ Nettie Pollard, 72, also marched in 1972, and many other GLF marches in the early 1970s. ‘It was a pretty big thing to go and walk out on the streets in London, saying, “I’m gay and I’m lesbian” it was a pretty big decision,’ she said. ‘A lot of us actually, you know, were in some danger of something bad happening to us, apart from things like being beaten up or anything like that.’ Despite the risks, Nettie said she remembered the march itself being a ‘really happy’ and ‘exciting’ event. ‘It was solidarity. It was love. It was anger. It was fun,’ she said. ‘We all walked with arms around each other and kissing, it was just a wonderful experience to do that in public, not inside a hall at a GLF meeting. ‘A lot of tourists were sort of gawping at us wondering what on earth it was. I mean, I think a lot of them had no idea what gay meant in those days. ‘None of the media actually covered it but then you see, that wasn’t really the point. The point was we wanted to say something for ourselves and to other gay people. ‘It was a seed that created a sort of revolution almost among LGBTQ+ people.’ Nettie said marchers had some ‘great slogans’ including ‘Give us a G. Give us an A, give us a Y. What’s that say? GAY’, ‘what’s gay. Good. What else is gay? Angry?’ Simon Watney first became involved with the GLF when he met one of the movement’s founders Bob Mellors while studying at Sussex University. ‘GLF was a kind of explosion of enthusiasm, energy and anger, but also hope and optimism,’ he said. ‘The first Pride march was remarkable emergence of all of that.’ Simon said GLF was the ‘catalyst’ for a whole raft of changes which came in the wake of an ‘explosion of partying and confidence’ of which Gay Pride was ‘very emblematic’. He said he remembered coming up to London for the march with his then boyfriend. ‘I can remember thinking at the time, this is remarkable, it was like a GLF meeting but a GLF meeting on the march,’ he said. ‘We had chants, “two, four, six, eight, gay is just as good as straight”, all sorts of typical march slogans. Simon said to him Pride was about ‘having a sense of your own personal dignity, to make love with who you like and a sense of belonging to a social constituency’. ‘Neither of those things were available before gay liberation and they both come out of gay liberation and I think one can identify them both as being gay Pride,’ he added. ‘I think the 50th anniversary of Pride is good both intrinsically in itself but also just because it represents the sense that there is historical memory. ‘GLF signalled a real change in British society. That was the thing that was astonishing. It really was change and changes like that don’t happen very often.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 