The Great British Bake Off star Paul Hollywood’s new book, Bake, is his first in five years and brings his vast experience together into one beautiful celebration of ‘classic’ bakery. He describes the recipes as ‘classics’ because, mainly during lockdown, he refined, honed and updated classic recipes – from bread to baked Alaska, cherry cake to ciabatta, macarons to meringues – to produce stunning results that can be achieved by almost anyone in their own home. These latest recipes are for home cooks, created as Paul uses them in his own home. We’ve selected three of them here for you to try. Paul reckons you’ll taste no Chocolate Brownies better than his, so what’s stopping you? To the kitchen… Paul says: ‘Lime is one of my favourite flavours and I think it works really well with the almond in these macarons, but you can use whatever filling you like – apricot purée, custard or cherry jam are all great choices, or you can replace the lime zest and juice with orange or lemon.’ Makes 30 Macaron paste Swiss meringue Lime filling 1. Line three baking trays with baking paper. Using a pastry cutter as a guide, draw circles, about 4.5cm in diameter, on the paper, leaving a 2cm gap between them. Turn the paper over and place on the baking tray. 2. For the macaron paste, put the egg whites into a large bowl, add the ground almonds and then sift in the icing sugar. Mix together to form a thick paste. 3. For the Swiss meringue, place the egg whites and sugar in a heatproof bowl and set over a pan of simmering water, making sure the base of the bowl is not in direct contact with the water. Using a balloon whisk, whisk until the sugar dissolves and the mixture reaches 65°C (use a cook’s thermometer to check). 4. Now either transfer the mixture to a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, or use an electric hand whisk to whisk the mixture until it has cooled and you have a stiff, glossy meringue – this will take at least five minutes. Gradually fold the meringue into the macaron paste, a spoonful at a time, until fully incorporated. Add the colouring and mix until evenly combined. 5. Spoon the mixture into a paper piping bag and snip off the end, to create a 1cm opening (or use a piping bag fitted with a plain nozzle of this size). Pipe the mixture evenly over the marked circles on the baking paper. 6. Leave the macarons to stand, uncovered, for at least 30 minutes, or until a skin forms. This helps prevent the surface from cracking. 7. Heat your oven to 150°C/fan 130°C/gas 2. Bake the macarons for 15 minutes, until risen and set. Leave to cool completely on the trays before assembling. 8. To make the filling, using an electric hand whisk, beat the butter until soft then beat in the icing sugar, a few spoonfuls at a time. Add the lime zest and juice and whisk again. Place in a paper piping bag and snip off the end. To assemble, pipe a little lime filling on to the centre of half the macaron discs, leaving a narrow margin around the edge. Sandwich these together with the remaining macaron discs. Paul adds: ‘I use strong white bread flour in my scones which might seem surprising, but it’s actually a popular choice in professional kitchens because the high protein content gives the scones a real boost. ‘This recipe is tried and tested over many years and I’ve never had any complaints. The Queen Mother even said they were the best scones she had ever tasted! Just a couple of things to bear in mind: don’t overwork the dough, you want it nice and light, and don’t twist the cutter when you lift it off or else the scones won’t rise properly in the oven.’ Makes 11 To glaze To serve 1. Line two baking trays with baking paper. 2. In a large bowl, mix the flour and baking powder together. Add the butter and rub together with your fingers for a few minutes until you have a breadcrumb-like texture. 3. In another bowl, beat the eggs with the milk and sugar. Add to the rubbed-in mixture and stir together until the mixture comes together and forms a ball. Tip the dough on to a lightly floured surface and fold it over a few times to incorporate air, but do not knead it; you want to achieve a loose, soft dough. 4. Using a rolling pin, gently roll out to a 3cm thickness, making sure there is plenty of flour underneath to prevent sticking. 5. Using a scone cutter, about 6.5cm in diameter, and pressing firmly (without twisting the cutter), cut out rounds and place on the lined baking trays, leaving space in between. Brush the tops of the scones with beaten egg, then place them in the fridge for 20 minutes to rest. 6. Meanwhile, heat your oven to 220°C/fan 200°C/gas 7. 7. Take the scones out of the fridge and brush them again with the egg glaze.Bake them for 15 minutes until risen and golden brown. 8. Transfer the scones to a wire rack and leave them to cool completely. Then dust them lightly with icing sugar and serve with a generous helping of jam and clotted cream. Paul continues: ‘Even if I say it myself, these are the best brownies you’ll ever taste. Chunks of milk and dark chocolate are folded through the mix for extra richness, while the cocoa nibs scattered on top provide nuttiness and a little crunch. ‘Perfect with a cup of tea, they are equally delicious still slightly warm from the oven with a scoop of ice cream.’ Makes 12-15 1. Heat your oven to 180°C/fan 160°C/gas 4. Line a 29 x 22cm brownie tin with baking paper. 2. Melt the chocolate with the butter in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water, making sure the base of the bowl is not touching the water. Stir until smooth and set aside to cool. 3. In a large bowl, beat the eggs and sugar together, using a hand-held electric whisk, until pale and thickened. Add the melted chocolate and butter mix and fold in until thoroughly combined. Fold in the flour, salt, chocolate chunks and vanilla extract. 4. Pour the mixture into the prepared tin and sprinkle over the cocoa nibs. Bake for 25–30 minutes until the top is cracked and crusty. To check that it is ready, insert a skewer into the centre; as you remove it a little mixture should still stick to the skewer. 5. Leave the brownie to cool completely in the tin then cut into individual pieces. Store in an airtight tin. BAKE by Paul Hollywood, published by Bloomsbury (£26 RRP, hardback) MORE : Move over sourdough: Bake Off’s Paul Hollywood spent lockdown creating healthier – but still delicious – classic desserts MORE : Try this lemon and elderflower scone recipe to mark the start of Wimbledon MORE : New potato season is in full swing – here are three recipes to try