A couple who had secretly been planning to propose to one another popped the question at the same time at Glastonbury. First time festival-goers Anya and Megan, from Hampshire, both thought the concert provided the perfect backdrop for a proposal. They had separately confided in their close friends of their plans in the run up to the festival, and on its second day put the plan into action. Leading each other away from the chaos into a secluded spot in the fields, Megan beat her partner to it and asked Anya to be her wife. ‘We went to a quiet little spot near the Circus Field, away from the crowds because I wanted it to be a private thing,’ Megan explained. ‘I popped the question and Anya said: “that’s what I was going to ask!”.’ Their friends, who managed to harbour the secret for weeks, went to Worthy farm prepared for the occasion, and hung up a celebratory banner over their tent also giving the couple  ‘engaged’ sashes. ‘We met on a night out through friends, and have been together for seven and a half years,’ Anya explained. ‘I had told our friends I was planning to ask Megan to marry me at Glastonbury, but obviously she had told them too – so they were in such a funny position.’ While there is no date set in stone for the big day, the couple predict it will probably be ‘in a couple of years’. Glastonbury has returned for the first time in three years, having to postpone its 50th anniversay due to the Covid pandemic. The last gathering in 2019 saw a couple get married beside the Croissant Neuf bandstand, with 50 of their friends and family attending. Jack Watney and Sarah Adey, who got engaged at the festival in 2017, had been to every Glaso together since 2011. The festival website reads: ‘Unfortunately, as the law stands, it is not possible to have a legal marriage at the Festival. The Festival is not a licensed venue. ‘So, until the law changes, that legally binding wedding under your favourite tree will have to wait.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.