Revelers were out in force across Britain last night to kick off celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Pubs and bars were packed in cities across the nation as people welcomed in the bumper bank holiday weekend with a toast or two to the 96-year-old monarch. Brits donned Union Jacks, face masks depicting the Queen and raised a glass to the head of state who celebrates a historic 70-years on the throne this weekend. In Newcastle, the chilly temperatures didn’t deter people from heading out on the town, while Soho in central London was packed with drinkers spilling out from pubs and onto the streets. In Birmingham, bouncers joked with revelers who were out to get a head start on celebrations, and similar scenes were seen in Leeds as people posed for photos on streets decorated with bunting. It comes as official Jubilee celebrations get underway today with the Queen’s birthday parade and Trooping the Colour. The displays of pomp and pageantry will be the first in a series of major events to mark the Queen’s 70-years on the throne which will conclude with a Jubilee Pageant through central London on Sunday. The Trooping the Colour takes place every year to honour the Queen’s birthday but this year’s event will be extra special. It will see the 1st Battalion, Irish Guards, and more than 1,200 officers and soldiers from the Household Division put on a display of military pageantry on Horse Guards Parade from 11am onwards. As darkness falls tonight, more than 3,000 beacons will be set ablaze across the UK and the Commonwealth in tribute to the Queen, with the principal Tree of Trees beacon illuminated outside the Palace. Tomorrow, a service of thanksgiving for the Queen’s reign will be held at St Paul’s Cathedral followed by a reception at Guildhall hosted by the Lord Mayor. Saturday will see the Epsom Derby will take place, although the monarch herself will not attend. Instead, there is speculation she may use the day to meet the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s daughter Lilibet. On Saturday night, thousands of people will head to Buckingham Palace for the BBC’s Platinum Party at the Palace concert. Celebrations will conclude on Sunday in a huge display of pageantry with a parade through central London. The Platinum Jubilee Pageant will begin at 2.30pm and last for more than two hours. It is then hoped the monarch will make a final appearance on the Buckingham Palace balcony to round off the weekend to see Ed Sheeran singing the national anthem alongside a choir made up of Britain’s ‘national treasures’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.