Thor: Love and Thunder’s Chris Hemsworth has revealed his nude scene in the upcoming flick was a ‘dream’ for him to film. He bared another asset alongside his trusty hammer, and this time, it was his bare behind. At the film’s star-studded red carpet premiere, he revealed that showing his butt in the upcoming MCU film was ‘10 years in the making’  and was basically a dream come true to do. ‘It was 10 years in the making that scene — kind of a dream of mine,’ the Hollywood star said. ‘The first time I played Thor I took my shirt off and I thought, “You know what’s gonna sweeten this… a decade from now it’s all gonna come off”,’ he said. It’s refreshing to see a male actor so candid about nudity, and the film’s director added that the Australian actor worked so hard getting in shape for the role, that such a moment was only fair. Thor: Love and Thunder director Taika Waititi discussed Chris’ big butt moment in the film, saying that the actor worked too hard not to proudly show off his body. ‘I feel like we had all talked about it,’ he told Variety. ‘We had talked about, “Yeah, we gotta show off this body”.’ ‘My whole thing was like, Chris works so hard, you’ve gotta show it off. Don’t cover it up with all these suits and the cape and stuff, it’s not fair!’ It wasn’t the first time he had to bare it all on screen. ‘I had had that out in Rush many years ago,’ he added. ‘In a Marvel film, it was a very large screen, it was a very big pair of cheeks, and, I don’t know, I had seen it before.’ The 38-year-old also talked about seeing Natalie Portman as Mighty Thor for the first time, saying that it was ‘a little stab to the ego.’ ‘But I quickly got over it and I was in awe of everything she had done,’ he added. The 40-year-old reprises her role as the iconic Jane Foster in the franchise, alongside Chris, Tessa Thompson, Chris Pratt and Karen Gillan. She was unveiled as the female version of the god of thunder, The Mighty Thor – in her first proper outing since the 2013 sequel, The Dark World. You can spot Natalie in the official trailer for the film, as well as a blurred version of Thor’s anthem, asset, ahead of the release of the movie in early July. Thor: Love And Thunder hits cinemas on July 8 2022. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Thor: Love and Thunder: Natalie Portman, Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa Pataky lead star-studded red carpet at premiere MORE : Thor Love And Thunder: Release date, cast, plot, trailer and runtime 