An eight-year investigation into the widespread abuse of girls in Rotherham ‘lets down victims and survivors’, a police and crime commissioner said. Operation Linden was tasked with uncovering police failed to stop 1,400 children being abused between 1997 and 2013. A total of 47 current and former officers were investigated after a pattern of trafficking and grooming by men mainly of Asian origin came to light. South Yorkshire Police (SYP) admitted ‘we got it wrong and we let victims down’ after the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) probe found the force ‘failed to protect vulnerable children’. But the final report confirms that no officer was sacked despite 265 separate allegations being made by more than 50 complainants. The area’s elected crime chief said it ‘fails to identify any individual accountability’ or ‘new findings’ despite ‘a great deal of time and money’. He continued: ‘I am disappointed that after eight years of very costly investigations, this report fails to make any significant recommendations over and above what South Yorkshire Police have already accepted and implemented from previous investigations some years ago. ‘It repeats what past reports and reviews have shown – that there was unacceptable practice between 1997 and 2013 – but fails to identify any individual accountability. As a result, it lets down victims and survivors.’ The IOPC’s probe said officers weren’t equipped to police child sexual abuse and victims were seen as ‘consenting’ by succesive officers. One parent of a missing child was told having ‘an older Asian boyfriend’ was a ‘fashion accessory’ for young girls in Rotherham and that she would ‘grow out of it’, it found. The watchdog’s director-general Michael Lockwood wrote: ‘We found that officers were not fully aware, or able to deal with, Child Sexual Abuse and Exploitation offences and showed insufficient empathy towards survivors who were vulnerable children and young people. ‘We saw examples of [South Yorkshire Police] seeing children, and young people, as “consenting” to their exploitation, and a police culture that did not always recognise survivors as victims, or understand that, often, neither did those being groomed or abused.’ The small unit dealing with reports was ‘overwhelmed’ while the force prioritised other crimes, it found. Only the inquiry into the Hillsborough disaster surpasses the Rotherham probe in scale but just six officers were investigated for gross misconduct and none lost their jobs. In many cases, officers had retired and could not face disciplinary proceedings, the IOPC said. Only two cases reached the point of a public adjudication hearing. David Greenwood, a solicitor representing 80 survivors, said the report uncovers the ‘disregard shown…to female victims of sexual exploitation’. He continued: ‘… it explains that even by the pathetically low standards of the police service it was ‘okay’ to not investigate these crimes properly or at all, and it will demonstrate how the system of police complaints has provided zero accountability and needs reform.’ IOPC director of major investigations Steve Noonan said: ‘Our report shows how SYP failed to protect vulnerable children and young people. ‘Like other agencies in Rotherham at that time, it was simply not equipped to deal with the abuse and organised grooming of young girls on the scale we encountered.’ Chief constable Tim Forber said: ‘The brave accounts of these girls caused a seismic change in policing crimes of this nature for South Yorkshire Police and the wider police service.’ He added: ‘Whilst I am confident we are a very different force today, I will not lose sight of the fact that we got it wrong and we let victims down.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.