After a two year delay thanks to the pandemic, crowds were roaring to get back to Worthy Farm for Glastonbury, and it was so highly-anticipated that viewers even think The Queen made an appearance to join in on the fun. That’s right, some keen-eyed viewers at home think they’ve spotted Her Majesty in the crowd. Despite 200,000 fans gathering to enjoy the 3,000 performers over the weekend event in Somerset, those watching at home think a bigger name was bopping along in the crowd. During coverage of Robert Plant yesterday evening, a BBC camera panned over members in the audience, including one lady in a blue rain mac and sunglasses… that looked surprisingly like the Queen. If the Queen ever were to wear a disguise in a muddy Somerset field it would surely be a brunette fringe, wouldn’t it? Taking to Twitter to share the revelation, one viewer wrote: ‘Lovely to see the Queen enjoying a bit of Robert Plant at #Glastonbury.’ Another penned: ‘The Queen has turned up at Glastonbury to watch Robert Plant. ‘That disguise is fooling nobody,’ they added. While we can only imagine how dreary it is to be trying to enjoy the Led Zeppelin singer in the rain while the crowds are jostling around you, ‘Her Majesty’ looked a little underwhelmed, leading one Twitter user to jokingly comment: ‘Lizz is needing a break.’ The Queen may be 96, but that doesn’t mean she’s too old for Glastonbury, surely. This year, Sir Paul McCartney is set to become the oldest solo act to headline Glastonbury, a week after he celebrated his 80th birthday, and after more than 60 years in the music industry. Sir Paul will take the ‘oldest headliner’ crown from late Rolling Stones drummer Charlie Watts, who was 72 when he performed with the iconic band in 2013. In May, the music legend said his Glasto performance will be rammed with hits from his time in the Beatles, as well as his band Wings, which he formed with his late wife Linda McCartney, and his most popular solo material. He joked during rehearsals that most of the audience ‘have paid good money, have brought their mums and dads’ and do not want to hear his ‘deep cuts’. His performance is not only expected to attract a huge crowd, but he is said to be planning to do a virtual performance with late Beatles bandmate, John Lennon. The singer has been duetting with Lennon on recent tour dates in the US. Sir Paul will be taking to the Pyramid Stage tonight at 9.30pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Billie Eilish says she was ‘raised by The Beatles’ as she and Paul McCartney make history at Glastonbury MORE : Cara Delevingne travels to Glastonbury in style as she boards helicopter with rumoured new girlfriend Minke 