Welcome back to What I Rent, our weekly series that explores all areas of renting in the UK and beyond. Last week we were in Birmingham with Tamika, who pays £400 for a studio flat. This time around we’re on the opposite end of the renting scale, so to speak. This week’s renter is Oriana, 44. Oriana is originally from Wales, but moved to London City Island, in Leamouth Pensinsula by the Thames, last year to open a yoga and meditation studio, called Hum. She rents a flat in Good Luck Hope by Ballymore, but only spends half her time here, regularly travelling back to Wales, where she lives with her partner. Oriana also owns a property in the area, which she rents out. We chatted with her about renting in the building. Hi, Oriana! How much do you pay to live here? I pay £2,000 each month, which covers ground rent and service charge – but not bills. And what do you get for what you pay? I have a one-bedroom apartment, with one very spacious bathroom and an open-plan kitchen and living area. Do you feel like you have a good deal? With ground rent and service charge included and access to all amenities, communal work space, and concierge service, I think it’s a good deal! What are the perks of living in the building? Perks are living in this building after that I’m right on the water and it’s a five minute walk from my business and surrounded by gyms bars and restaurants. What’s the location like? I’m based in Good Luck Hope, a five-minute walk from the studio I have set up here. I love that I can walk along the river to my business and that we have everything here; yoga studio, gyms, pools, bars, restaurants. How did you find the flat? We purchased an investment property on London city Island and got to know the neighbourhood really well. That led us to find this property. How have you made the property feel like home? The amazing community and friendly faces make this place feel like home – there are always socials happening should you wish to engage. I use the pool and gym regularly and I’ve got to know people mostly through the yoga studio. There are 15 of us heading to Italy this month on a wellness retreat, it’s a really warm and welcoming community. And what about decorating – have you had any issues? I haven’t found it difficult decorating. I like a minimal style; clear space, clear mind. I have lots of pictures, plants and love fresh flowers to make the place feel like a home. The landlord is great. It was a no pets policy but when I asked about bringing my little sausage dog up occasionally, he was fine with that. Do you feel like you have enough space? The space is perfect for me here alone. I’m usually working but when my family come to visit it never feels too crammed. I think being in a corner apartment and surrounded by water gives a feel of calm spaciousness. Any issues with the flat? Since renting here I’ve never had to deal with any problems. Do you have plans to move anytime soon? I have no plans to move from this area. I already own a studio property here and the business so the plan is to purchase an apartment like this in this location, as soon as I’m able. I also love the new Elizabeth Line! What I Rent is a weekly series that’s out every Tuesday at 10am. Check back next week to have another nose around a rented property. This article contains placements with affiliate links.  We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links on these placements. MORE : What I Rent: Debs, £870 a month for a two-bedroom house in Colchester, Essex MORE : What I Rent: Liz and Stephen, £1,250 a month for a two-bedroom house in Oxford MORE : What I Rent: Liz and Stephen, £1,250 a month for a two-bedroom house in Oxford 