Love Island viewers have been left a little unimpressed by the focus on Gemma Owen, and it seems Susanna Reid is among them. The Good Morning Britain presenter claimed that Michael Owen’s daughter ‘is at the heart of every story’ so far on this year’s show, with fans also calling for other islanders to get some air time. After chatting about Gemma’s ex-boyfriend Jacques O’Neill appearing as a shock bombshell, Susanna didn’t hold back as she asked: ‘Is it Love Island or Gemma Owen Island?’ Susanna added: ‘She’s at the heart of every story so far.’ When she first arrived at the villa, Gemma, 19, was coupled up with Liam Llewellyn, who has since left the island. She later recoupled with Davide Sanclimenti, 27, and is currently coupled up with Luca Bish, 23 – although nothing about their coupling is certain after rugby player Jacques, 23, arrived on the scene. In last night’s episode, Gemma and Jacques came face-to-face, with Luca admitting he was left ‘deflated’. While Luca attempted to keep his cool, he asked how Gemma felt about the whole situation and she insisted that although it’s not ideal, she’s fine with it. ‘I’m not bothered about anyone getting to know him, it’s just the initial shock,’ she said. However, Jacques admitted he still ‘cares’ for Gemma and is still very ‘flirtatious’ – as for how that will play out, only time will tell. Meanwhile, Liam, 22, who left the villa after saying he hadn’t been ‘100% himself’, finally discovered Gemma’s famous family connection after she’s chosen not to reveal it herself so far. Gemma is the daughter of former England footballer Michael Owen – but none of the other islanders, other than Liam, are aware. Liam told Love Island: Aftersun: ‘I can’t believe who that actually was. That’s mad. ‘I’m a United fan. I actually have one of his tops when he came to the club.’ He went on to add: ‘That first night, we were chatting about football and her family. I was so close. I can’t believe I didn’t quite work it out.’ Elsewhere on Love Island, while stars like Indiyah Polack and Ikenna Ekwonna were featured more heavily in Saturday’s Unseen Bits, fans have called for them to have more airtime in the main weekday episodes. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island episode 6 review: Gemma Owen steals spotlight as ex-boyfriend Jacques O’Neill’s arrival rattles Luca Bish MORE : Love Island’s Liam Llewellyn was shocked to find out Gemma’s dad is Michael Owen: ‘I’ve got one of his shirts!’ 