Piers Morgan has called the result of Johnny Depp and Amber Heard’s defamation trial ‘a complete disaster’ for the Aquaman actress, as celebrities including Gary Lineker, Ashley Benson and Ryan Adams reacted to the verdict. Today, the jury taking part in the hearing finally delivered their unanimous verdict, with the Pirates of the Caribbean actor being awarded $10million in compensatory damages and an additional $5m in punitive damages. Heard, whose head was bowed as she listened to the jury’s verdict on the case, won one of her three defamation countersuit claims against Depp, and was awarded $2m. In a statement, the 36-year-old said she was ‘heartbroken’, stating: ‘The disappointment I feel today is beyond words.’ Meanwhile, her ex-husband said in a statement after his victory: ‘Speaking the truth was something that I owed to my children and to all those who have remained steadfast in their support of me. I feel at peace knowing I have finally accomplished that.’ Reacting to the result live on Piers Morgan Uncensored, the presenter described the verdict as a ‘complete slam dunk victory for Johnny Depp’ and a ‘wipeout for Amber Heard’, adding that it was a ‘complete vindication’ for the Edward Scissorhands actor. ‘It’s hard to imagine a bigger humiliation for Amber Heard. It’s a complete disaster and failure,’ the broadcaster remarked. Morgan also remarked that he doesn’t believe Heard will ‘get any work after this’, although he questioned whether the ‘vicious’ reaction to Heard throughout the trial ‘is ever a good thing’. Former professional footballer Lineker took the result as an opportunity to make a punny joke, writing: ‘Depp wins and gets Heard immunity.’ Meanwhile, several celebrities commented underneath Depp’s Instagram post, where he shared his statement about the verdict. Actor Benson commented with heart and hands in the air emoji, while singer Adams added a heart, hands in the air and fire emoji in response. The hearing came about after Depp sued his ex-wife for $50m over an op-ed she wrote in 2018 for The Washington Post about her experiences with domestic abuse. While Depp was not named in the article, his legal team argued that the piece implied he was sexually and physically abusive towards Heard over the course of their relationship, which he denied. After Depp sued Heard, she later countersued, seeking $100m in damages and claiming that her ex-partner libelled her by calling her a liar. The trial began on April 11, with both actors taking to the stand to discuss details about their relationship. Other individuals who took to the stand included model Kate Moss, Heard’s sister Whitney Henriquez and people who work for Disney and Warner Bros. The former couple were married in 2015, divorcing two years later. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays from 8pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp’s lawyer Camille Vasquez commends jury after actor wins defamation trial against Amber Heard MORE : Johnny Depp hangs out with Sam Fender and Jeff Beck in London as Amber Heard verdict in his favour is announced in Virginia 