Festival season is almost upon us – in fact, June marks the beginning of some of the biggest and best that will take place up and down the United Kingdom. From Glastonbury to BST Hyde Park, festival season is in full swing and you’re probably figuring out what outfits you’ll be donning to each of them. Known for having an easy-breezy hippie and very muddy history, festivals are the perfect place to practice what you preach when it comes to sustainability. Your festival fits needn’t be expensive, because you’ll likely be knee-deep in slushy mud for the most-part of the weekend, but this doesn’t mean you need to compromise on style. With the likes of Depop, eBay and charity shops on our high streets leading the way when it comes to nabbing a stylish bargain, it’s never been easier to style yourself sustainably. And if ditching fast fashion is good enough for Love Island, it’s good enough for us. Sustainable accessories brand Wave chatted with Megan Brown, from the charity Oxfam, to get her top tips on shopping sustainably and stylishly for the festival season. From the TikTok phenomena of the Y2K trend, to chic 70s crochet, and Coachella’s Wild West – which one will you select this summer? The Y2K trend, or year 2000 if you’re out of the loop, is a huge hit with Gen-Z and millennials at the moment. Strewn across TikTok, you can’t scroll down your FYP without stumbling across some trendy teen wearing a butterfly cropped top and low-rise jeans. The past month has seen 26,000 online searches for ‘Y2K’ in the UK – which proves its set to dominate the crowds at the likes of Glastonbury later this month. Speaking to Wave, Megan from Oxfam said: ‘Y2K is my most searched term on second hand selling sites at the moment and this includes online charity shopping. ‘Some people may clear out their wardrobes, not looking at a top they once loved as being “Y2K”, donate it to their local charity shop and someone else will come along and see it as just that.’ She explained how charity shops are ‘so unique’ and brimming with unusual finds that might otherwise be hard to come by. This means if you get rummaging around in your local charity or second-hand shop, you might just stumble across a vintage Tammy Girl tee or sequinned crop top. With fashion from the 1970s and 60s still a big hit, it’s no wonder that crochet is much-loved by the masses in 2022. Crocheted co-ords, flared trousers, cropped tops and cardigans are all the rage and can be seen on most online stores – but by ditching fast fashion outlets, you might be able to find something a little less mainstream. Megan revealed that at Oxfam: ‘Many of our volunteers create crochet tops, skirts, co-ords etc out of old nana style blankets.’ Heading to your local charity shop might serve you well and lead you to a one-of-a-kind garment. Or you could try your hand at crocheting something yourself. Outfits inspired by the Wild West were huge at Coachella earlier this year. And with chaps and cowboy boots being big, it seems this trend is set to filter through to the UK festival scene too. Lucky for some, festival goers at Glastonbury will be able to recreate this trend at the Oxfam pop-up shop, which will have a ‘Cowperson/Space Sheriff theme’. Sustainability expert Megan worked on the Glastonbury pop up shop and has lifted the lid on what it will have to offer later this month. Noting that a lot of different things can fit into the various fashion trends, she explained how even a simple vintage brown leather jacket can work wonders if you’re trying to nail this trend. This also means that rooting through your boyfriend’s or dad’s old jackets might mean you find the perfect Wild West garment for your festival fits this summer. Like they say, one man’s trash is another man’s treasure. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : From the shag to the mullet, 80s hairstyles are making a huge comeback – here’s how to get the look MORE : ‘Gym lips’ is the latest makeup trend taking over TikTok MORE : This trending matte liquid lipstick turns to glitter when you rub it