When it comes to having great sex, penis size really doesn’t matter. It’s not the size of the wave, but the motion of the ocean, after all. And yet for many people, it’s very much still a thing – so we understand why, if you have a small penis, you might have worries. The good news is that if you are feeling a touch insecure, there are tweaks you can make to boost your confidence and everyone’s pleasure Madalaine Munroe, a sex expert, says: ‘Your ability to give someone pleasure is not dependent on the size of your penis. ‘Given the prominence of porn and objectification of the penis size, it is totally understandable if it is an area of your body that brings up insecurities. ‘The size of a penis doesn’t create great sex but communication, connection and presence do. The best sex is a co-creation; it requires two people being honest about what they want and sharing this with each other.’ Ness Cooper, a sex consultant, says there isn’t one set position to work with – but there are plenty that can help with deeper penetration. She says: ‘Communicating with your sexual partner that you would like to try different sex positions can help you become aware of different sensations you can feel during sex – remember sex doesn’t have to be orgasm focused and this applies to those with penises too, as long as it’s consensual and feels good that it important.’ It’s also worth remembering that not everyone likes deep penetration. Ness adds: ‘Shallowing is a method where only part of the penis enters the vagina and a lot of individuals really enjoy this method of stimulation. ‘Deeper penetration doesn’t always mean better, as some individuals with vaginasonly enjoy shallow stimulation as there are more pleasurable nerve endings to stimulate here.’ Madalaine tells us: ‘For those who feel insecure about their penis size, I recommend mirror work. ‘Hold this part of your body in the mirror while repeating supportive affirmations that resonate with you. ‘This practice is one that requires repetition, so try it out for at least 21 days and see how you get on.’ MORE : The correct way to properly clean your penis, according to experts MORE : Woman shares sexism she faces as a biker: ‘You don’t need a penis to ride a bike’ MORE : The exploding penis from The Boys was real and here’s a disturbing behind-the-scenes photo to prove it