At least two people have been killed with 20 more wounded after Russian missiles hit a civilian building in the city of Kremenchuk in central Ukraine. The building is reported to be a shopping centre, with video showing a fierce fire blazing through it as people gathered outside. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenksy said that over 1,000 civilians were inside at the time of the missile strike. Writing on Telegram, he said: ‘The mall is on fire, rescuers are fighting the fire. The number of victims is impossible to imagine. ‘No danger to the Russian army. No strategic value. Only the attempt of people to live a normal life, which so angers the occupiers.’ He went on to say it is ‘useless’ to hope for humanity from Russia. ‘Russia continues to take out its impotence on ordinary civilians,’ he said. ‘It is useless to hope for decency and humanity on its part.’ Kyrylo Tymoshenko, deputy head of the president’s office, said nine of the wounded were in a serious condition. Dmitry Lunin, the governor of the Poltava region, gave no details of the attack or the casualties but said: ‘Unfortunately, there are victims. More details later.’ The city of Kremenchuk is the site of a large oil refinery, which has been hit several times during the Russian invasion. However, the area is far from the front line of the conflict in the east of the country. Russia has not yet commented on the attack. It has previously denied targeting civilians. Boris Johnson condemned the missile attack this afternoon. ‘This appalling attack has shown once again the depths of cruelty and barbarism to which the Russian leader will sink,’ he said. ‘Once again our thoughts are with the families of innocent victims in Ukraine. Putin must realise that his behaviour will do nothing but strengthen the resolve of the Ukraine and every other G7 country to stand by the Ukraine for as long as it takes.’ Earlier today, he discussed the ‘ongoing atrocities’ being committed by Putin’s forces with South African President Cyril Ramaphosa at the G7 summit today. A Downing Street spokesman said: ‘”The leaders agreed on the urgent need for Putin to open up a safe passage for grain to leave Ukraine and reaffirmed their support for the UN efforts on this. ‘The Prime Minister stressed that Putin must fail in Ukraine to prevent the creeping normalisation of his flagrant disregard for sovereignty and human rights.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.