Love Island viewers were left reeling after Paige Thorne shooed Danica Taylor away from joining a conversation during Wednesday night’s episode. After the latest recoupling ruffled more than a few feathers, the paramedic sat down with Gemma Owen, Antigoni Buxton, and Tasha Ghouri when Danica tried to come and get a slice of the action, but she was promptly prevented from getting close. As the bombshell tottered over with Indiyah Polack, Paige turned around and said: ‘Girlies, do you mind if we  just have a little catch up and then we can all catch up together?’ A confused Danica asked: ‘You four?’ ‘Just us lot,’ Paige replied. ‘It’s not like that.’ Antigoni then grabbed Paige and Tasha’s hands and told them ‘loves you girls’. The scenes proved to be extremely uncomfortable for viewers, with former islander Amber Gill leading the outrage. ‘I’m shocked at Paige sorry maybe that’s the true self there,’ she penned. ‘By far the worst scene of the night,’ one slammed. ‘Paige doing that sickly sweet tactic. Gemma and Tasha’s bitchy faces. Antigoni holding their hands in solidarity. While Indiyah and Danica get shooed off like stray cats? Bitches’ ‘I’m actually furious after that episode,’ another vented. ‘The mean girls are clearly Paige, Tasha, Gemma and their newest recruit is Antigoni. I’m sick of it.’ It all kicked off when Antigoni, who was coupled up with Davide, appeared unhappy that Ekin-Su chose to couple up with her beau. More unease was in store when Danica chose Jay, despite him having expressing earlier in the day that he was more romantically interested in Antigoni. This left the singer-songwriter to pick the remaining boy, Charlie Radnedge. Following the dramatic moment, Antigoni appeared hurt as she told the girls she was led to believe that Jay had informed Danica he was not interested in her. She was also frustrated that Ekin-Su had not informed her ahead of time that she would take Davide. A tense conversation ensued as Jay and Danica chatted about their coupling and how their conversation earlier in the day had not been clear. Danica appeared confused at the situation as she said in the Beach Hut: ‘I don’t know maybe I’m on cloud cuckoo at the moment, but you know if there’s not a solid connection for me to follow, genuinely, what am I meant to do? ‘I’m just here to follow what Danica’s heart is telling her to do.’ The drama continues… Love Island airs tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 