Britney Spears appears to have taken another break from Instagram and deleted her account, just one week after her wedding. The Toxic singer famously tied the knot with Sam Asghari last week after a lengthy romance, with the couple saying their vows at home, surrounded by their famous pals. However, after a dramatic celebration – which saw ex-husband Jason Alexander showing up unannounced – the 40-year-old deactivated her social media page, leaving fans concerned. Instead of her page, which previously housed sweet posts from their big day, a message now reads: ‘Sorry, this page isn’t available. ‘The link you followed may be broken, or the page may have been removed. Go back to Instagram.’ Fans were left baffled by the move and took to Twitter to question what led to Britney’s decision to take a step back. One asked: ‘Omfg what is happening? #whereisbritney? @britneyspears Instagram account was deactivated!!!!?????’ ‘Anyone else notice @britneyspears Instagram is gone? #FreeBritney are you ok girl?,’ another followed suit. ‘Omg Britney Spears either deactivated her Instagram or she blocked me #BritneySpears,’ a follower replied. ‘Did Britney Spears block me on Instagram or did she delete,’ a concerned fan questioned. As a Twitter user posted: ‘What is going on with Britney Spears Instagram?’ This isn’t the first time Britney has deactivated her account on the platform, but she has always returned shortly after. To be fair, the mom-of-two might just be taking some time out to enjoy her much-needed honeymoon with her beau and wanting to avoid unnecessary notifications? One of her most recent posts was hitting back at claims that her brother, Bryan Spears, was supposed to be at her wedding, beside Madonna, Paris Hilton, Drew Barrymore and Selena Gomez. Calling out the reports, the bride poured cold water on the claims, instead claiming that he was ‘never invited’. In a since deleted post, she fumed: ‘You were never invited to my wedding so why even respond?? ‘Do you honestly think I want my brother there who told me no to a Jack and coke for 4 years … what???’ The Baby One More Time star told fans that she ‘didn’t drink one sip of alcohol’ during the recent nuptials as she doesn’t particularly like alcohol, after being ‘drug tested at least three times a week’ while under her conservatorship rule. ‘My brother had his shrimp salad with a Jack and Coke every night in Vegas after my show and even sometimes before!!! He would never even let me have a sip…,’ she added, claiming that she was always told ‘no’ by her dad and brother when she wanted a drink herself. She ended the post by joking that she might ‘force myself to drink Jack tonight’ as a ‘f**k you’ to the times she was allegedly denied alcohol by her family. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Hollyoaks spoilers: Wendy caught at last as Sally regains consciousness and spills the beans? MORE : Line Of Duty’s Martin Compston denies singing IRA lyrics after video emerges of crowd chanting at a Celtic convention 