The newly opened Crossrail runs for more than 100km from west to east, making some areas of London more accessible than ever before. In the first of a new series, we take a look at one of the stops along the way and what it offers local residents… Although Shenfield’s profile has undoubtedly been raised by the opening of the Elizabeth Line, it’s always been well-connected, both by road – minutes from the A12 for swift access to the M25 – and rail. In fact, the fastest Greater Anglia services take just 23 minutes into Liverpool Street, compared with 45 minutes on the newly opened line. Locals will really start to reap the benefits later in the year when direct Elizabeth Line trains start running all the way through central London to Heathrow and Reading, shaving more than 30 minutes off the current two-hour journey to the airport. Smaller than neighbouring Brentwood – of Towie fame – Shenfield is an affluent town with a choice of Ofsted-rated outstanding and good state schools, a traditional and mostly independent high street, and Essex countryside within a few minutes’ drive. According to Zoopla, the average sold price over the past 12 months is £932,565, reflecting the predominance of family homes. ‘This is the wealthiest part of  Essex and a third of the area is green space. Four-bedroom detached houses are typically £1.2 to £1.3million,’ says Jacob Farson of Beresfords, a local estate agent. ‘Many were built in the 1930s, and there is also 1950s, 1960s and some 1990s housing. A two-bedroom ex-council house starts at about £400,000, and the best roads are in Old Shenfield and Hutton Mount. Most homes are within walking distance of the station.’ The only new scheme of note is Nola, by Fairview New Homes, consisting of 82 one, two and three-bed apartments. More than half those in the current final phase have sold, and prices are from £341,000, with Help to Buy available. Under the recently adopted Brentwood Local Plan, a site called Officers Meadow has been allocated for residential-led mixed use development, including 825 homes. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best value locations to buy a house on the Elizabeth Line MORE : How we upgraded from a tiny Stockwell flat to buying our dream family home MORE : The average solo first-time buyer now needs a £74,000 deposit to get on the ladder