A couple are locked in a legal fight with their neighbours after being accused of stealing part of their garden and paving over it. Wendy Mszyca, 58, and her partner Amanda Uziell-Hamilton, 65, are accused of staging a land-grab over the three-foot strip of ground between their home and their neighbours Jay and Hannah Stirrett’s Victorian house. The million-pound properties in Camberwell, south London, are built with gardens backing onto each other and the Stirretts say that while re-doing their garden in 2018, the other couple removed a fence and paved towards their home. They are now suing at Central London County Court for the return of the strip, which – despite its size – they say is ‘significant’ in an area where properties are expensive and gardens small and valuable. However, their neighbours deny the land belongs to the Stirretts and said they were simply reclaiming what used to be their flower bed before it was temporarily fenced off by builders in 2013. Outlining the case, the Stirretts’ barrister, Tom Morris, told Judge David Saunders that the couple had moved into their four-bedroom house in Camberwell in 2015. Mr Stirrett is an engineer, while Mrs Stirrett is a vice president at a US-based human resources company. Ms Mszyca is a fine artist specialising in multimedia and photography whilst Ms Uziell-Hamilton is a law lecturer training support lawyers. When the Stirretts moved in, there was a rendered wall at the back of their garden, but they insist it was not on the correct boundary line but had been built about three feet inside their garden area. The true boundary, they say, was a wooden fence behind the wall, marking the end of the other couple’s garden until they had controversially removed it and paved up to the Stirretts’ wall. Mr Morris told the judge: ‘The claimants’ position is that the block wall was constructed entirely to the east of the old fence and entirely upon the claimants’ property.’ Giving evidence, Mr Stirrett said he had always considered the boundary between the properties to be in line with others in the street, following the line of the fence removed by his neighbours. And his next-door neighbour, author Jeremy Fox, backed him up, telling the judge that he had often in the past been into their garden before they moved in and that the wall had been built three feet into it.  But for Ms Mszyca and Ms Uziell-Hamilton, barrister Ezra MacDonald insisted that the wall was the end of the Stirretts’ garden and that his clients had not encroached onto their property. ‘It is astonishingly unlikely that a contractor working for a developer building a wall would put that wall up in the place where the neighbours told him to put it,’ he told the judge. Mr MacDonald added: ‘No reasonable layman would have believed that they were acquiring this wholly unusable, inaccessible strip of land in addition to the prepared and finished garden area.’ Mr and Mrs Stirrett are suing for a declaration that the boundary between the properties is about three feet away from the wall, along the line of their neighbours’ old fence, and for possession of the strip of ground. Ms Mszyca and Ms Uziell-Hamilton are countersuing for a declaration that they own all the land up to the Stirretts’ wall. The judge will give a decision on the case at a later date. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.