Police officers searching for a missing woman in 1982 walked within yards of the septic tank where her body was found 37 years later, a murder trial has heard. David Venables, 89, is said to have ‘got away with murder’ for nearly 40 years after allegedly disposing of wife Brenda Venables, then 48, in the cesspit at their home in Kempsey, Worcestershire. Mrs Venables went missing between May 2 and May 5, 1982, but her remains were only found in 2019. Jurors at Worcester Crown Court have heard Venables later suggested to officers that serial killer Fred West may have had something to do with the disappearance. Police officers involved in the ‘high-profile’ search described how dogs, boats and a helicopter were used to scour local waterways, fields, woodland and farm outbuildings. Retired West Mercia Police constable Peter Sharrock was among the search teams but told how the septic tank was apparently overlooked. He told the court on Thursday: ‘I certainly never took part in searching the septic tank. I walked past it to get to the river area for searches. Nobody mentioned searching the tank.’ He explained how he had seen a picture of the farm in a newspaper in 2019, in an article about human remains being found there, and remembered looking for Brenda in the area. He said: ‘As soon as I saw an aerial view of the site, I remembered that I’d seen then, what I saw now. When I saw it in the newspaper it set off a recollection in my mind.’ The retired officer told jurors he was ‘probably about 20 to 30 metres away’ from the tank during his search. When asked why he never looked inside, he answered that he had grown up in ‘city areas’ and did not know about a non-mains sewage system. He said: ‘We had been directed to the woodland, and we were just on our way to that area. At the time, it just looked like a pad (area) of concrete and I didn’t pay it any attention. The word is hindsight, really.’ The court already heard details about Mr Venables’ ‘on, off’ 14-year affair with now-dead mother-of-three Lorraine Styles, including how he visited his mistress to have sex just days after his wife vanished. Venables denies murdering his wife. The trial, scheduled to last six weeks, continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.