Katie Price has seen a reprieve in her ongoing bankruptcy ordeal after the latest court hearing was pushed back. The former glamour model was due to face another court date on Tuesday at the Royal Courts of Justice in London, however, it’s said this did not take place. Price, 44, was declared bankrupt in November 2019 after falling into serious debt of £3.2million. She was previously ordered to pay £12,000 off every month for four years to her creditors after taking out an individual voluntary arrangement (IVA) in 2021, but failed to do so. She managed to avoid going to jail In February this year over the failed repayments, after reportedly agreeing to a last-minute deal. According to the alleged terms, Price would pay a ‘small contribution’ to reduce her debt, as well as a new payment plan. Her bankruptcy trustees were also said to be keen to hear how much she had been paid for recent work commitments, including her Channel 4 series Mucky Mansion, which saw her renovate her dilapidated home in West Sussex. Price’s follow-up hearing was adjourned at the last-minute on Tuesday. A spokesperson for the Royal Court of Justice told Metro.co.uk that the case had been ‘vacated’ with a new date for a hearing to be arranged. It has been a stressful year for Price mired with various legal woes. In December, she was again spared a jail sentence following her drink-driving arrest two months prior. Instead, she received a sentence of 16 weeks suspended for 12 months, 100 hours of unpaid work, 20 sessions of rehabilitation work with probation, and a two-year driving ban. Price completed her 100 hours of community service in May and vowed to keep volunteering, saying her mental health had benefited from the work. However, she faces going to jail for up to five years after pleading guilty to breaching a restraining order by sending ex-husband Kieran Hayler an abusive text about his fiancée Michelle Penticost. She was bailed until sentencing takes place on June 24. The reality star will also appear in court next month where she is expected to plead not guilty to a speeding charge stemming back to September 2021. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Price’s reps and the Royal Courts of Justice for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price facing another court hearing over £3,200,000 bankruptcy debt MORE : Katie Price treats son Harvey to train ride on 20th birthday with fiance Carl Woods after admitting to using filter on his photo 