As the cost of living crises hits harder and harder this summer, we could all do with some decent advice for bargain-hunting, and some crafty lifestyle hacks. From ways to save money on special trips eating out, to keeping entertained while strategically rotating streaming services, to grabbing brilliant phone freebies, we have you covered over all areas of your life. Read on for our full selection of tips. You could save money on your meal by booking ahead, as some restaurants will offer extra discounts. Check websites such as Lastminute, OpenTable and 5pm.co.uk for two-for-one offers and 50% off deals at restaurants near you, before you decide where to eat out. Just be sure to make your server aware that you have booked for the special offer when you arrive. Since earlier this month, shoppers using Klarna’s buy now, pay later services will have their repayment data shared with two of the UK’s biggest credit reference agencies, so how you manage your repayments could affect your ability to get credit. The move is good news for those who use Klarna’s payment plans responsibly, as payments made on time will help establish a positive credit history, which could boost borrowing chances when applying for mortgages and other traditional forms of credit. The change, however, also means that if you miss a payment, or pay late, you could be less likely to be accepted for credit in future. If you have furniture covered in stickers from kids’ playtime, here’s a method for cleanly removing them. Peel them off using a putty knife together with a hairdryer, to soften the adhesive. Then, dab any type of kitchen cooking oil, such as olive, vegetable or sunflower, on to a paper towel. Place the paper towel over any residue that refuses to budge. Wait a few minutes while the oil works to dissolve the stubborn glue, and then rub it all off. Here’s a thought: do you really need to pay constantly for all of the television and film subscriptions you enjoy? Netflix, Amazon Prime, Disney+ and Now will allow you to cancel monthly subscriptions at any point with no exit fee, so it could save you cash if you plan ahead what you want to watch, then alternate. To get rid of limescale build-up on bathroom and kitchen taps, look to lemons for a fruity, budget-friendly little miracle. Simply cut a fresh lemon in half and use your thumbs to gently open up the centre of one of the halves. Then press the lemon on to the end of the faucet, wrapping a small plastic bag around it with a rubber band. Be sure that the rubber band is cinched tightly. Leave for a few hours to allow the citric acid in the fruit to work its magic. After you remove the lemon, you may need to use a gentle scrubbing pad to wash off any loosened limescale build-up. Finally, simply wipe the faucet with a damp cloth to remove any leftover lemon juice – and your bath or sink tap will be squeaky clean and shining. Most mobile providers offer free extras with your contract which could give you access to your favourite streaming site for up to two years. Consumer group Which? says Vodafone offers up to 24 months of Amazon Prime, Spotify or YouTube Premium with certain pay monthly deals, while EE offers a ‘special benefit’ for the length of the mobile contract. This currently includes BT Sport, Apple Music or Netflix. Shop around, though, to find the best contract for your needs. Many of us splash the cash to improve our complexion so it’s wise to store skincare products correctly to extend their shelf-life, saving you money in the long run. When it comes to choosing your skincare, buying smaller quantities might seem more expensive but could end up minimising waste. The comparative price of larger packs can seem impressive, but buying big could be a false economy. If not stored in near-perfect recommended conditions, the product may be past its best well before you reach the end. British Airways, easyJet, Ryanair, Tui and Wizz Air have become the latest airlines to collectively cancel hundreds of flights at short notice. If your flight is cancelled, you are due an alternative or a full refund. And if the cancellation comes within 14 days of departure, you could be owed hundreds of pounds in compensation on top. Making a claim could be easier than you’d think. Just use Moneysavingexpert.com’s free online reclaim tool, which uses technology from complaints site Resolver. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum shares tips to save money and occupy kids during summer holidays MORE : Six ways your imposter syndrome could be costing you money