The best friend of a woman killed in a suspected stranger attack has revealed the final texts they sent to each other in a moving tribute. Law graduate Zara Aleena, 36, was found with serious head injuries in Ilford, east London, in the early hours of Sunday morning and later died in hospital. Police have described it as an ‘opportunist stranger attack’ and said a 29-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder. Zara’s friend of 17 years, Lisa, said they were meant to meet over the weekend but had to rearrange. In a tribute on Facebook, Lisa shared a screenshot of their final text messages which show a photo of a sunset. Zara replied that it was ‘beautiful’, adding: ‘Miss your beautiful face this weekend xx can’t wait to see you next weekend xxx.’ Lisa said she spent most weekends with Zara and described feeling ‘completely broken’. ‘I am shocked, I am angry, I feel sick to my stomach,’ she said. ‘We were meant to be together this weekend but I had to cancel and arranged to meet next weekend. ‘I wish I had met her this weekend. She got f***ing murdered walking home! ‘I will never see her again. I will never hear her voice again. We always spoke every day. I will never get over this, ever.’ Zara’s death comes less than a year after primary school teacher Sabina Nessa was murdered by stranger Koci Selama  as she walked home through a London park. A court heard how Selamaj drove to London from his home in Eastbourne to carry out a premeditated attack on a woman after being spurned by his estranged wife. Referring to Zara’s killer, Lisa wrote: ‘I want to look him in the eye and ask: why? May he get tortured in prison! ‘When will our streets be safe? Something needs to be done!’ Zara’s friends said she had just passed her law degree and was working as an administrative officer at the Royal Courts of Justice. One of them, Sophie, told the BBC: ‘She was the nicest person you could ever meet, always positive. ‘She lit up the whole room. She could talk to anyone for hours.’ Others who were close to her said she was a ‘lifeline for her mother and grandmother’ as she did all of their shopping and arranged their medication. Another friend, Nadia, told The Times she was a ‘very gentle soul’ and ‘very helpful to everyone and her neighbours’. Police said Zara suffered multiple injuries and it appeared no weapon had been used in the attack. Her death comes amid heightened concern about the safety of women on Britain’s streets following a string of violent and high profile murders. Sabina Nessa’s murdered happened the same year Sarah Everard was kidnapped, raped and killed by a serving Met Police officer. And in July 2020, sisters Nicole Smallman and Bibaa Henry were killed in a frenzied attack by stranger Danyal Hussein as part of a ‘demonic pact’ to win the lottery. A third of London’s 45 homicide victims in 2022 have been women, according to data collected by the Met Police. In the majority of the cases, the suspect is someone known to the victim. Zara’s death has left some local women afraid to leave their homes. A significant police presence is expected to remain in the area where she was killed in the coming days. Ch Supt Bell said he understood the incident was ‘incredibly distressing’. He said: ‘Women should not have to change their behaviour and should be able to go about their business feeling safe any time of day or night and it is our job to ensure that happens. ‘Officers cannot be in all places at all times. We urge the community, especially women, to report any suspicious or unwanted behaviour or to seek help if you feel threatened.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 