Three generations of the same family including a pensioner whose medication has run out are spending a third day stuck in Turkey after their easyJet flights were cancelled at the last minute. The group of nine had been on holiday to celebrate a 50th birthday in the southern coastal resort of Antalya until being grounded and are now scattered around hotels in the city. Linda Mousson, 39, her partner Steve Slough, and their son Charlie, 6, had been scheduled to fly back to Luton, a 30-minute drive from their home in Hertfordshire, on Saturday. She said that after they celebrated her brother-in-law’s birthday, they found no flights home were available and they have instead been rebooked onto a flight to Manchester Airport on Wednesday while they wait in a hotel provided for them by the airline. They originally flew out from Luton on May 28 for what they thought would be a week-long break with a party of 21 who all stayed at the same resort before the cancellations. The trio are currently in the Lara Diamond hotel as they wait to fly home tomorrow at midnight. The facilities manager told Metro.co.uk there has been massive inconvenience caused by the rebooking, as their car is still in Luton and they are due to be landed 180 miles from home. She said: ‘EasyJet’s decision to cancel our flights has left us completely stuck. ‘We have been trying to get through to easyJet as we need transport from Manchester to Luton. When we did they weren’t even aware there were disruptions with flights. They said they would get back to us. ‘Our group also included a 76-year-old man and a 68-year-old who is still here who has run out of medication for blood pressure and depression. ‘We are all really worried about him. ‘We are missing work with the loss of earnings as well as school and doctor’s appointments and paying for the extra parking for our car at Luton, the airport we had booked for near our home. ‘How can they do this to us? Is this even legal?’ The trio had been meant to fly back on EZY2184 before finding themselves among the thousands of travellers who have been stranded overseas due to cancelled flights. They received a message from the budget airline at 4pm ahead of the scheduled departure time at midnight. The 76-year-old left yesterday while Mr Slough’s dad, 68, is due to fly home tomorrow, Ms Mousson told Metro.co.uk. They booked the holiday a year ago to celebrate the birthday with the wider family, some of whom have been able to return to the UK on earlier flights. But they are angry at having been put on the midnight departure four days after they were first meant to return home. ‘Our treatment has been awful,’ Ms Mousson said. ‘We were told by easyJet to travel to the airport despite the flight being cancelled but there were no reps there at all to help us. ‘We are all shocked and disgusted that we are being left in Turkey, which is a lovely country but one that we are not used to. We have all been poorly with upset stomachs and we are scared and worried, we just want to go home.’ Cancelled flights across airlines over Jubilee weekend are thought to have left thousands of travellers stuck abroad. Staff shortages coupled with a rise in demand caused by the coronavirus laws being lifted and last week’s half term are said to have caused the disruption. EasyJet, British Airways and Wizz Air all cancelled flights over the weekend, with almost 200 chalked off overall. The disruption continued today, with more than 150 departures grounded across the three operators. A spokesperson for the airline said: ‘We are very sorry that Ms Mousson’s group’s flight from Antalya to Luton was cancelled. ‘We notified customers directly of their options to rebook or receive a refund and are providing hotel accommodation and meals where required. ‘Our customer service hours and hotel accommodation sourcing have been extended to support impacted customers and help get them to their destination as soon as possible. ‘Nonetheless, we fully understand the disruption this will have caused to their plans and we are very sorry for this.’ Check if your easyJet, British Airways, or TUI flight has been cancelled | Metro News Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.