Liam Payne has earned the title of Twitter Main Character of the Day after he dished the dirt on his former One Direction bandmates. It’s a title absolutely nobody wants, and essentially means you’ve angered a lot of people all at once and are about to experience the pile-on of a lifetime. This week, former 1D star Liam appeared on Logan Paul’s Impausible podcast where, in an hour-long interview, he made a lot of headline-grabbing comments. These included claims he and Louis Tomlinson hated each other while in the band, claims a band member threw him against a wall, and admitting there are ‘many things’ he ‘dislikes’ about Zayn Malik. The singer also claimed One Direction was built around him, as when he had auditioned two years previously, Simon Cowell told him to come back and he would make something work. He was, Liam claimed, essentially the first member of One Direction and that X Factor bosses had ‘started with my face and worked around the rest.’ Other comments that got Directioner hackles raised was his claim that his debut solo single had outsold the rest of the former members’ debuts, which Harry Styles fans took particular exception with. As the podcast and Liam’s comments went viral, fans of the other former members and those who still hold love for One Direction took to Twitter to mercilessly mock the 28-year-old. Many compared his career to that of Harry’s, who recently headlined the BBC Radio 1 Big Weekend festival and Coachella, and whose third studio album is storming the charts. One fan remarked: ‘liam payne is doing a podcast with logan paul and harry styles is performing at a sold out wembley stadium in a few weeks. the levels is hilarious (sic).’ ‘Liam payne you’re sitting there with logan paul on his podcast while harry is breaking records and is playing at 2 sold out nights at wembley stadium in under 3 weeks,’ another echoed. Directioners were always known to be among the most savage fanbase of them all, and former member Liam had this savagery directed squarely at him following the comments. One joked the Strip That Down singer was ‘the trump supporter of one direction,’ while another asked: ‘Does Liam Payne even have a manager or he’s just free bleeding.’ ‘The way harry dodges questions like the plague while liam payne will air out everyone’s dirty laundry for some loose change and a chicken wing,’ another scoffed. One fan shared a photo of a puppy cuddled up in bed, and wrote: ‘how i sleep knowing i was never a liam payne girl (sic).’ Others, after watching the podcast, saw their dreams of a future One Direction reunion burn up before their eyes, with one frustrated fan writing: ‘thank you liam payne for destroying the little hope i had for a one direction reunion ever occurring.’ It’s been a bumpy few weeks for Liam, with the shock interview coming after he faced rumours that he cheated on former fiance Maya Henry with new girlfriend Aliana Mawla, which Aliana has vehemently denied. Liam and Maya, 21, had been together for three years, becoming engaged in 2020. The singer went public with new flame Aliana last week just days after it was confirmed his engagement to Maya was over. A spokesperson for Aliana said she was ‘very taken back by the accusations that have been made regarding a relationship with Liam while he was still engaged or involved with his ex-fiancée.’ They added that ‘under no circumstances’ would she have involved herself in a public relationship ‘if there was any truth to the comments.’ Liam’s time in One Direction came to an end in 2016, when the phenomenal group took an extended hiatus after six years together. All five former members have broken out into solo careers, with Harry in particular enjoying massive chart success around the world. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Liam Payne claims he and Louis Tomlinson ‘hated’ each other in One Direction – and also admits ‘dislike’ for Zayn Malik MORE : Harry Styles’ glow-up from One Direction teeny-bopper to LGBTQ+ ally and solo greatness 