The mum of a 14-year-old boy who has been banned from an entire town is ‘disgusted’ that his name and picture have been publicised by the police in a Facebook post. Kelly Evans said that Keylan is a ‘lovely’ child but has mental health issues and she has complained to officers about the update, which sparked an online backlash after it was shared last week. Keylan is being ‘bullied and disrespected’ after being effectively named and shamed at a time when he is not in school and struggling with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), she said. The teenager has been given a wide-ranging Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) by West Mercia Police for causing a ‘significant amount of distress and harassment to local people’. Metro.co.uk told this week how he is banned from entering Kidderminster in the West Midlands, except to attend court, a police station, see his solicitor and be in public with designated people. Keylan lives at home with his parents and two brothers and sister in Stourport-on-Severn, Worcestershire, but would benefit from a move out of the area, his mum told Metro.co.uk. She said: ‘Because he has been in a bit of trouble, he was on remand to the local authority, but still living at home. ‘By law, the police are not allowed to put children on the internet, social media or anything like that. Social services found out and apparently they were disgusted and they phoned West Mercia Police and put a complaint in, saying it shouldn’t be on there. ‘The police apologised but they put it back on 45 minutes later. Children’s Services phoned West Mercia Police four times saying it shouldn’t be on social media but it’s still on there. ‘It’s got his picture, name and his address and he’s being bullied and disrespected by people in the street. It’s just disgusting and it makes me feel ashamed and upset as a mum.’ Mrs Evans, 39, accepted her son has been in trouble with the police and been before the courts but described him as having ADHD, which affects people’s behaviour, and struggling to control his emotions. She spoke after a backlash from people who voiced their anger in comments left underneath the force’s update publicising the order. Mrs Evans said: ‘Keylan is a lovely lad, he’s just very easily led because he wants to make friends and because he’s got ADHD he’s quite vulnerable. ‘He’s helpful and supportive at home and he has a good heart but sometimes he can struggle to control his emotions. ‘He had to come out of football because he wasn’t on medication at the time and he couldn’t control himself, so he got into fights. ‘He’s stopped in at home for the last three days and been good, and we haven’t had the police at the door in a while. ‘When we move, if we can move, that will help him a lot. He will be in a different area with different people and he can make new friends. I don’t care where we move, the kids want to leave as well.’ The Facebook post, which has since been removed from the force’s profile, said that Keylan had caused ‘distress and harassment to local businesses, members of the public and the wider community’. His behaviour was said to include ‘numerous reports of anti-social behaviour, threatening behaviour and online abuse’. The teenager is also banned from being in a group of more than three people in public outside of his immediate family and restrictions have been placed on his behaviour and communications. The order was made at court on May 19 and lasts for three years. If Keylan breaches the terms he could face a fine or prison sentence. Mrs Evans also disputed the post stating that the order was made at Worcestershire Magistrates’ Court, saying that it was in fact granted by JPs sitting in Kidderminster. The post, which featured her son’s custody image, resulted in dozens of outraged comments. One person wrote: ‘What are you doing to safeguard this CHILD? ‘How is posting his photo and address online supposed to help him? ‘This is disgraceful. I understand his crimes are likely serious for this order to have been put in place, but this is a child who needs support and guidance.’ Another said: ‘This is shocking. No matter what he has done he is a child. ‘This completely goes against all safeguarding guidance.’ Mrs Evans said: ‘It’s disgusting, the police shouldn’t be able to do stuff like that to people. I know he’s been naughty and we’ve had to attend court, but he’s 14 years old with issues, he’s vulnerable because he’s got mental health issues. He had come out of custody and told me to look at Facebook, saying he looked poorly because he hadn’t taken his tablets. ‘I phoned the police station to tell them how disgusted I was by what they had done and I was told by a sergeant that I needed to take it up with the Chief Inspector, but they haven’t got back onto me.’ In the post, Sergeant Daniel Townsend, from the North Worcestershire Problem Solving Hub, said: ‘This order will hopefully prevent him from acting in this manner in the future. ‘I hope the CBO provides reassurance to the local community that the police will take positive action in these situations.’ The force later posted a comment in response to the overwhelmingly negative response to the update. The message read: ‘Criminal Behaviour Orders (CBOs) are never our first port of call to stop someone engaging in harmful or criminal behaviours, and we work with multiple agencies to intervene and prevent them continuing such behaviours. These orders can stop someone going further in to criminality and get them back on track to being lawful members of our communities. ‘A CBO is only effective if we know when it is breached. ‘The reason we are permitted by the courts to put photos out with Criminal Behaviour Orders is so that members of the public recognise the subject of the order, and can tell us if they have breached their conditions. ‘Worcester Magistrates’ Court placed no restrictions on informing the public of this person’s name and CBO conditions, but on consideration of his age we have turned off comments on this post.’ According to the Crown Prosecution Service, a CBO prohibits an offender from doing anything which causes ‘harassment, alarm or distress’ and is not subject to the reporting restrictions that might otherwise apply when children and young persons appear before court. A spokesperson for Worcestershire Children First said: ‘We continue to work collaboratively with West Mercia Police in order to ensure children and young people are safeguarded.’ West Mercia Police did not want to comment further when contacted by Metro.co.uk this week. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.