If you ever worried Ryan Gosling had lost it, never fear. Blessed with the first look of the actor as Ken, yes, *that* Ken (is there any other?), for Greta Gerwig’s upcoming film, Barbie, it’s safe to say this colourful assault on our very being has got people in their feels. And, for those in support, the feels are feverish and strong. From red, hot thirst and swooning, to a touch of bafflement and perhaps a little WTF-ery, it’s true, the response to seeing a slightly orange Ryan as Ken was swift and it was strong, so if the point was to cast someone that will get the punters chattin’, job’s a gooden. There isn’t much to know about the film so far, and, after the first look at Margot Robbie as the titular Mattel character wormed its way into our retinas earlier this year, we now have the Gos to pin to the walls of our Dreamhouse. But for anyone who dares suggest this fella isn’t the perfect casting, what with his chiselled abs, bleached blonde hair and double denim – and the Ken underwear… – I don’t wanna hear it. With its patent pink, sweaty convertible, Truman Show-perfection vibes, Barbie is fast appearing to be the antidote we need to distract us from the utter hellhole of real life, what with its dumpster fire governments, cost of living crisis and Truman Show-nightmare vibes. Ryan Gosling as Ken is the unprecedented time I can finally get behind, people! Even Eva Mendes, who gets to see this man’s abs every damn day, is excited. All sorts of plastic fantastic, the 41-year-old *record rip…* Oh, did we not mention? Ryan Gosling is 41. And yes, he’s still pulling off the Ken look with charming zest. But while we’re over here fanning ourselves down and in need of a cold shower, others appear to be utterly nauseated such an elderly actor dares to play a character many believe is in his/its 20s. Yes, Ryan portraying Ken has riled up quite a few, who reckon the father-of-two is basically too close to being able to withdraw his pension to be playing *checks notes* an inanimate object. While I believe there is no chance in hell of any 41-year-old woman being cast as Barbie (which is the only ageism I care about in this conversation – Ryan still got the job, after all), you can’t tell me one of the most enduring of modern Hollywood heartthrobs is such a reach to portray, again, a toy? It’s the total unyielding allure of Ryan that makes this whole shebang work – he’s hardly a rogue choice for the part. The dude could be 71 and I reckon he’d still have the rippling six-pack to make the open vest work, with that boyish charm that renders his DOB redundant. And what people need to divert their attention to, I reckon, is keeping Ryan in the realm of comedy. Let’s discuss. Comedy Gosling has always been superior to Brooding Dramatic Gosling. I don’t care how many times he tells me if I’m a bird then he’s a bird, I’ll always prefer that little smirk of his or his, albeit negging, wit than see him stomping on someone’s head in an elevator any day, good sir. Plus, what I think we neglect to realise as well is that this wonderful, almost overtly caricatured version of Ken is just one of the several iterations of the iconic toy that’s rumoured to be brought to life in the film, showing we have no real idea how this script is going to play out and if Ryan’s Ken is true to what we think the character should be. We also have, if reports are to be believed, Simu Liu and Ncuti Gatwa to look forward to as other Kens, while it’s also been claimed Issa Rae and Hari Nef will play alternate versions of Barbie alongside Margot, which will make this film much more than an Aqua film clip. Come on Barbie, let’s go party. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Eva Mendes joins everyone going wild over first look at partner Ryan Gosling in Barbie movie: ‘That’s my Ken’ MORE : Ryan Gosling rocks double denim in first glimpse as Ken in Barbie movie and it is everything MORE : Laverne Cox makes history as she’s honoured as first-ever trans Barbie doll