Sun, sweat, and slinky outfits. As temperatures rise, so do our sex drives – and this, say experts, can lead to increased rates of straying. We’ve previously learned that July is the month Brits are bonking like mad, but now the people over at affairs site Illicit Encounters have revealed that this is a peak time for cheating, too. So much so, they’re warning of a looming ‘cheatwave’, set to strike from July 1 onwards. The team say that signups for their site see a rise of 18% in July, as cheaters grab one last chance for action before they head away on holidays in August. The most dangerous day of all? Friday July 22 – dubbed Frisky Friday – as this is the last day before school holidays arrive and families start heading abroad. There’s extramarital sex to be had on holiday too, of course, but for longer-term affair setups, this will be the last chance for many cheaters to see their secret dates. ‘Affairs activity shoots up by almost a fifth over the course of the month as cheaters grab one last chance for some action before the summer getaway,’ says sexpert Jessica Leoni. ‘There is a steady rise in the first three weeks of July and an explosion on Frisky Friday when so many couples will be getting it on in secret just as the school holidays start. ‘The pubs are always packed at this time of year with couples cheating and 2022 is the busiest year ever as we make the most of the new freedoms after Covid.’ Be warned: If your plan is to just wait out July and rejoice once the 31 days are over, you’re not in the clear – Illicit Encounters says August sees quite a lot of affairs, too, prompted by the lure of summer flings. Plus, let’s be real: if someone is going to cheat, they’ll do it regardless of the weather or the time of year. Worried that your partner might stray? You might want to look out for these six warning signs… They keep going MIA Do you often find it hard to get in touch with them? Noticed that while their replies to messages were previously speedy, they now sometimes go hours without a response? This doesn’t automatically mean cheating is happening, but in combination with other red flags, it can be a bit concerning. Intimacy fades They’re no longer touchy-feely or romantic with you, and you feel increasingly disconnected. They’re cagey around their phone Everyone has a right to privacy, but if your partner is so touchy about their phone that they never leave it out of their sight, their screen is always shielded from view, and they’ve suddenly changed their passcode, alarm bells should be ringing. They become more secretive On that note, are they often shutting themselves away in a room, taking phone calls out of earshot, and going out without you knowing what they’re up to? All red flags. You no longer go on dates together ‘You’ll know they’re still in love with you when they always make time for romantic dates,’ says dating expert Celia Schweyer. ‘No one is ever “too busy” to go spend time with someone they love unless they have fallen out of love or have found someone else. ‘The moment they start making excuses whenever you ask them for a quality time together, something is probably wrong.’ Your sex life has suddenly changed Has the number of times you and your partner get intimate each week suddenly dropped or risen? Both can be worrying. A drop might mean your other half is getting satisfied outside the relationship, but a sudden increase can be driven by guilt – sometimes when people are cheating, they try to cover up their tracks by being more sexually active with their partner. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : 12 signs you’re dating a player – and how to handle their games MORE : Try the elephant sex position to have intense orgasms while getting extra close to your partner MORE : How to recover after calling your partner by your ex’s name