Marina Granovskaia is set to become the latest high-profile member of Chelsea’s hierarchy to leave the club following hot on the heels of Bruce Buck’s departure, according to reports. The west London club announced on Monday that their long-serving chairman – who has been in his post since Roman Abramovich bought the club in 2003 – would be stepping down from his role at the end of the month. Co-owner Todd Boehly had hoped to convince Buck to stay, but is now set to take over the reins as chairman himself. Chelsea’s new owners – a consortium majority funded by investment firm Clearlake Capital – had also hoped to keep Granovskaia at Stamford Bridge and held extensive talks with the Canadian-Russian. But now The Telegraph report that Granovskaia has decided to follow Buck out the exit door, leaving an enormous power vacuum at the club. Regarded as one of the best operators in football, Granovskaia was widely respected both in the Premier League and around Europe and had been in charge of negotiating Chelsea’s transfer business. But now that responsibility will be shared by Boehly and manager Thomas Tuchel, who will pick up the tasks left behind by the departing director. It is not yet clear when Granovskaia will leave, but it is now expected to be before the end of the window meaning Boehly will also be tasked with negotiating this summer’s transfers – something he is already doing as he negotiates Romelu Lukaku’s loan return to Inter. Granovskaia’s looming departure is a massive blow to Chelsea and has not provided them with enough time to bring in a sporting director to take over her responsibilities, with Atletico Madrid’s Andrea Berta believed to be the frontrunner. There are also question marks over the future of Petr Cech, who has been acting as the club’s technical and performance advisor and consulting on transfers. He too may decide to leave Stamford Bridge following the change of ownership, though his ties to the previous regime and Roman Abramovich are less strong than Granovskaia, who has been working for the Russian oligarch since the late 90s and was regarded as his de facto chief of staff. MORE : Bruce Buck explains shock decision to step down as Chelsea chairman MORE : Raheem Sterling asking about Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel ahead of transfer For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 