Christina Aguilera came to slay not play at LA Pride in the Park on Saturday in Los Angeles, California, complementing her musical set with a series of eye-grabbing looks. The chart-topping superstar, who was the event’s headliner at Los Angeles Historical Park, had the crowd delighted with what they could both see and hear as she whipped through her hits – including Beautiful, Lady Marmalade and Bionic. Alongside wearing a stunning glittery rainbow-striped bodysuit at one point during her performance, with the flowing skirt held up behind her to represent the LGBT flag in a tribute to the Pride colours, the 41-year-old was not afraid to show her Dirrty side either. The songstress’s multiple outfit changes saw her whip through a variety of edgy costumes, keeping her blonde hair held back in a voluminous high ponytail throughout. At one point, Christina sang on stage with the slightly unexpected addition of a phallic strap-on attached to her costume, which also comprised of a Hulk-esque torso piece and swollen arms, thigh-high patent boots and silver glittery sunglasses. She also showed off a recreation of her infamous ‘bottomless’ chaps from her iconic 2002 Dirrty music video – a look she’s enjoyed revisiting before – but this time in fire engine red and paired with a long trench coat (which of course came off), studded bodysuit, sunglasses and coordinating microphone. She was also seen enjoying herself in a pink latex costume featuring what looked like pink cone-shaped nipples, which she held in her hands as she stuck her tongue out. Christina does not do things by halves. The entertainer also matched her old Lady Marmalade collaborator Mya in neon yellow at one point, showing off a lace-print outfit with carnivalesque feathers at the bustle, while Mya went for feathered sleeves and some of her colleague’s infamous chaps. A mini-reunion of the Lady Marmalade stars from the 20001 track, which also featured Pink, Lil’ Kim and Missy Elliott, had been teased prior to the event and the duo did not disappoint fans. Alongside other performers Syd, Chika, Michaela Jaé and Rebecca Black, the crowd of 25,000 attendees also enjoyed a DJ set from OG reality TV star Paris Hilton, kitted out in silver sparkles with her own bodysuit and sunglasses. Christina performed alongside her, getting behind the decks and going out in front on the stage as she hyped the crowd, wearing yet another look of a giant blue fluffy cardigan, denim-print micro-mini dress and pink shades. Newlywed Paris revealed last week that she had turned down a DJ gig for President Joe Biden in order to attend Britney Spears’ wedding to long-term boyfriend Sam Asghari . Explaining her part in the surprise nuptials, she said: ‘I was keeping it top secret all week. Literally I did not tell anyone, not even the people I asked to have dresses sent.’ Paris added: ‘I was actually asked to DJ for the president and all of the other presidents from around the world for the dinner, but this was more important to me.’ Well that is a loyal friend. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘People were fainting’: Billie Eilish stops London concert to help fans struggling in the heat MORE : Andy Carroll shares loved-up snap from honeymoon with new wife Billi Mucklow, following stag do scandal  