A ‘caring’ young woman, 22, who was a guardian to her younger sister after they lost their parents has been killed in a car crash. Tributes have been paid to Alice Birchall who ‘protected her sibling Amy with her whole heart’. Their devastated family said they had ‘no words that could truly understand the cruelty of the situation’. Alice, who was about to start her dream job after graduating university, was seriously injured in a collision between the grey Nissan Juke she was driving and a grey Audi RS Q3 on June 18. She died in hospital following the incident on Manston Lane in Leeds, shortly before 8.43pm. A man, 34, who was driving the Audi and a girl, 8, also in the car remain in hospital after suffering serious injuries. In a statement, Alice’s loved ones called her ‘the most caring and considerate young women you would ever wish to meet’. ‘The passing of both her mum and dad at a young age meant that Alice matured quickly and became a guardian to her younger sister Amy’, it read. ‘She protected Amy with her whole heart and cared for her so very well.’ ‘Alice is loved by more than an army of people. ‘Alice’s life was finally coming together, she had graduated from university with a history degree and she had just secured her dream job working in fine jewellery, which she was due to start in two weeks’ time. ‘Alice was the happiest she had ever been with her whole future in front of her. ‘This incident has left Amy devastated at the loss of her guardian but more importantly her best friend. ‘The whole family is in shock and have no words that could truly understand the cruelty of the situation. Alice deserved so much better than what happened.’ West Yorkshire Police is investigating the car crash and has asked any witnesses to come forward. They are particularly keen to hear from anyone with vehicle dashcam or home CCTV showing the grey Audi RS Q3 on the route it took along Whitkirk Lane, Austhorpe Lane and Manston Lane. The vehicle was going in the direction of William Parkin Way and The Springs retail park between about 8.35pm and the time of the collision. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.