Britney Spears’ ex-husband Jason Alexander tried to enter her bedroom ahead of her wedding to Sam Asghari, it has been claimed. The Toxic singer was left shaken when the 40-year-old showed up unannounced at her home earlier this month, attempting to crash her celebrations with her new husband. She was later issued a three-year restraining order after he was charged with stalking her – with her former partner facing jail time over the incident. He attended a preliminary hearing today in California, where a judge reportedly ruled that he will be staying in jail until his next court appearance. At the hearing, security guard Richard Eubler told the court that he was able to get to the second floor of Spears’ property, and tried to open her locked bedroom door ‘multiple times’ while she was inside. ‘I was just at the staircase and that’s when he backed up and started reaching out of his right hand pocket,’ he testified via the New York Post, stating that he saw Alexander enter the home but that the mom-of-two was initially unaware of his presence. He said that Alexander then went into a game room on the property and he followed him in, shutting the door behind him. ‘He was just yelling for Britney,’ he continued. ‘He said, “F**k it. I’m going back inside the way I came.”’ They reportedly had a struggle which led to Alexander allegedly elbowing and punching him as he tried to reopen the door to return to the main part of the house. Alexander streamed a video from inside Spears’ home before being arrested by Ventura County Police and taken to county jail. ‘He was able to find his way onto the property and was confronted by security,’ a police spokesman said at the time. ‘An altercation occurred with the security officers and that’s where the battery occurred… and during the altercation an item was broken, so that’s where the vandalism comes into play. ‘And by being on private property, the trespass comes into play.’ He pleaded not guilty to felony stalking, as well as trespassing, battery and vandalism. According to Page Six, the judge reportedly found that there was enough evidence to hold him on a felony stalking charge – and that he could face a maximum five years in jail if he is convicted. He remains on $100,000 bail and is set to appear again in court on July 12 – as well as this, he is unable to contact the Baby One More Time musician or the security guard through any form of communication, including texts, calls or social media, the judge said. Spears previously was granted a protective order against Alexander, which has been extended to June 13, 2025. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Umbrella Academy season 3 ending explained: What was Sir Reginald Hargreeves’ plan and what could post-credits scene mean? MORE : Andy Murray’s wife Kim shares support for Dame Deborah James at Wimbledon with ‘Rebellious Hope’ T-shirt 