Nadine Dorries committed an embarrassing gaffe at an event ahead of the Rugby League World Cup, hailing Jonny Wilkinson’s iconic drop goal as ‘special moment’ in the history of the sport. Wilkinson kicked Sir Clive Woodward’s team to an historic victory against Australia in Sydney nearly 20 years ago, but the legendary fly-half was representing England’s Union side, League’s rival code. ‘I’ve always liked the idea of rugby league,’ Dorries, Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport, said at a press conference on Thursday. ‘My long-standing memory is that 2003 drop goal. I’ll let you into a secret. I think we were drinking Bloody Mary’s at the time. ‘It was 11 o’clock in the morning but wow what a moment that was.’ Alerted to her error, Dorries subsequently tweeted: ‘Like Jason Robinson I may have switched codes in my speech… Both league & union have a rich heritage in the UK. ‘Obviously I’ve followed rugby league much less in my lifetime, but I’m looking forward to watching England (& all the home nations) in the RL World Cup this Autumn. Dorries was speaking in St Helens at the unveiling of the findings of a report which claims the tournament’s social impact programme is responsible for more than £25million worth of positive change in communities across the north of England. It is claimed the tournament, which kicks off in Newcastle on October 15, has helped turn an initial investment of £635,000 into a total of £25.8m, with the effect of improving physical and mental fitness, strengthening communities, boosting the local economy and growing the game internationally. The report hails the success of mental health and volunteering programmes while matched funding has generated around £21m for extra facilities, including 38 new clubhouses, 22 changing rooms and 18 pitches. Dorries said: ‘When major tournaments come to the UK, one word that gets regularly used is ‘legacy’, what an event is able to leave behind after the final medals have been handed out and the tournament has come to a close. ‘Major events often inspire more people to take up the sport, boosting participation and helping people get physically active. ‘As well as taking the unprecedented step of staging the men’s, women’s and wheelchair tournaments simultaneously for the first time ever across 21 world class venues, the Rugby League World Cup 2021 team have also been truly innovative in their approach to improving access for all. ‘That is central to everything I do as Secretary of State and it’s something this tournament is doing so well – looking at the challenges faced by the people that live in host towns and cities and how the event could make a positive impact on communities at a local level before the tournament has even begun. ‘We know that some of the towns and cities that will host Rugby League World Cup 2021 matches are amongst those hardest hit by the pandemic and increases in the cost of living and the Government has backed the tournament with over £15 million investment to bring world-class sport to these communities. ‘The findings of this report highlight the positive impact that the Rugby League World Cup has already had. It is a shining example of a major sporting event that has made a tangible difference to a huge number of people. ‘The findings published in this report today are vindication of the decision taken to prioritise the Social Impact Programme from the very outset. ‘It has been trailblazing in both its inception and delivery, laying the groundwork for future sporting events in this country and beyond to follow in its footsteps.’ MORE : Ex-England rugby star Tom Youngs’ wife Tiffany dies aged 35 following cancer battle MORE : Love Island reveals latest bombshell is Gemma Owen’s ex-boyfriend – who fans say is rugby ace Jacques O’Neill For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 