Scientists have finally managed to map the entire floor the Southern Ocean surrounding Antarctica. The chart covers 48 million sq km, covering features such as mountains, canyons and plains that make up the ocean floor. For the first time ever, we have details on a new a depression lying 7,432 m below the ocean called the Factorian Deep. The map has been a project that’s been five years in the making by the International Bathymetric Chart of the Southern Ocean (IBCSO) in an attempt to update the first comprehensive map published in 2013. The new map covers an area 50 degrees south of the Southern Ocean floor. To get a perspective of how detailed that map is, if you divide the 48 million sq km of the ocean floor into 500m grid squares, 23% of these cells now have at least one modern depth measurement. This is a big improvement compared to nine years ago when IBCSO had measures for only 60 degrees south, meaning less than 17% of its grid boxes had a modern measurement. ‘You have to realise just what the change from 60 degrees to 50 degrees means; we’ve more than doubled the area of the chart,’ Dr Boris Dorschel from Germany’s Alfred Wegener Institute told the BBC. Much of the information in the chart comes from the ships that support scientific endeavours in Antarctica, including from the UK’s former polar ship, the RRS James Clark Ross. In the future, this British contribution will come from its successor, the RRS Sir David Attenborough, nicknamed Boaty McBoatface. Ships and boats are being encouraged to routinely turn on their sonar devices to get depth (bathymetric) measurements; and governments, corporations, and institutions are being urged not to hide away data and put as much as possible into the public domain. As these vessels shuttle back and forth between the White Continent and places like Chile, South Africa and Tasmania, their echosounders make a habit of surveying the submerged terrain below. This activity is increasingly coordinated with research organisations from different nations working together as knowledge of the ocean floor is essential to safe navigation, marine conservation, and understanding Earth’s climate and geological history. MORE : World’s most remote post office in Antarctica is looking for someone to run it MORE : Ernest Shackleton’s ship Endurance discovered in Antarctica after 107 years