Kirstie Allsop didn’t hold back her thoughts on BBC commentator Peter Hunt on social media, going as far as claiming that he ‘clearly loathes’ the royal family. The Location, Location, Location presenter hit out at the journalist during Sunday’s Platinum Jubilee Pageant after he commented on the Queen making a surprise appearance from the Buckingham Palace balcony. The Head Of State shared the stage with just seven members of her family – the Prince of Wales, the Duke of Cambridge and Prince George, as well as two future Queens – the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duchess of Cambridge – and Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Remarking on the moment, Peter wrote: ‘The Windsor dynasty appears secure as it basks in the jubilee afterglow. The transition is advancing smoothly, without fuss or fanfare. The long goodbye is underway.’ It didn’t take long for Kirstie to respond, and she slammed: ‘Everyone has different views on the monarchy, it’s not for everyone by any means, but as Peter Hunt so clearly loathes the Royal Family, I’m at a loss to know why he wants to earn a living talking about them?’ Many people also had their say, with one replying by saying: ‘Not sure if his comments come across as loathing to be honest. I read the “long goodbye “ as the process to the unfortunate time when we have to say goodbye to Her Majesty.’ But Kirstie clapped back, adding: ‘I follow him, and the lack of positive comment is very notable.’ Kirstie is no stranger to speaking her mind, having previously ‘lost it’ in response to calls for World Book Day to be cancelled. She took to Twitter to rally against the ‘patronising’ suggestion, insisting it was more about highlighting ‘lazy’ parents who ‘can’t find fun in dressing up’. ‘Wanting to ban #WorldBookDay “because it highlights the poorer kids in the class” is patronising, discriminatory b*****ks,’ she wrote. ‘It may highlight the lazy, unimaginative, can’t put a date in the diary parents in the class, but don’t have kids if you can’t find fun in dressing up.’ She went on: ‘It’s the time of year when I lose it with the people who whinge about #WorldBookDay, especially now that my kids are too old for it. People is the poorest circumstances make a huge effort with how their kids look, and care passionately about education & schools events. [sic]’ Unsurprisingly, the presenter was also met with intense criticism from those who suggested she was missing the bigger picture. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 