Dozens of unclaimed suitcases have been filmed piling up and falling off overloaded baggage carousels at Manchester Airport. The mountain of unclaimed luggage comes as the airport is struggling to cope amid staffing problems and dozens of canceled flights. Paul Quinn from Liverpool, who shared the video of the luggage, described his experience at Manchester Airport as one of ‘disarray from start to finish’. Bags at airports are dealt with by baggage handling contractors employed by airlines rather than airports directly. Anyone attempting to travel abroad from the UK this week has had to contend with a chaotic mix of delays, flight cancellations and long queues at airport security. The situation was made worse today when Italian aviation workers voted to strike for four hours over pay disputes, non-payment of sick days, summer leave, and working conditions. Announcing the strike Italian Union of Transport Workers (UILT) warned the action would be ‘only the first of a series of protest actions that will make the summer “hot”‘ if an agreement is not reached. The action led to dozens of flights between Italy and the UK being canceled as easyJet, Ryanair and British Airways were all affected. EasyJet axed 20 flights from Gatwick, including services to Bologna, Milan, Naples, Rome and Venice; BA cancelled 14 flights between London airports and Milan; while Ryanair scrapped some between Italy and Stansted. The disruption comes after days of problems at airports across the country, with easyJet forced to cancel at least 35 flights on Tuesday, with Gatwick the worst affected airport. Hungarian carrier Wizz Air also scrapped at least seven flights to UK airports. British Airways cancelled 124 Heathrow flights, although the airline said affected passengers were given advance notice. Mark Meadows, 40, a journalist living in Berlin but originally from Manchester, said he had his flight from Manchester to Berlin cancelled on Tuesday after waiting for hours at the airport. He said he only realised his flight had been cancelled after it disappeared off the screen and after wandering around the airport, he eventually found somebody giving out information. ‘Eventually, we were marched to a different gate…. with no-one really knowing what was going on, but then we had to wait ages to be allowed into the arrivals to get out of the airport with no one giving us any information at all,’ Mark added. ‘The airport is an absolute mess.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.