Nadine Dorries has been tipped as the next prime minister by one LBC caller, following Boris Johnson’s confidence vote yesterday. Conservative MPs backed Mr Johnson with 211 votes to 148 in the secret ballot, giving him a majority of 63 to continue leading his party. But one listener told LBC’s Nick Ferrari this morning the former London mayor is ‘the best of what we’ve got at the moment’, with the ‘possible exception’ of Nadine Dorries, the culture secretary. She said: ‘[Ms Dorries] could be the lady to restore our faith in women. ‘She’s got two years in which to prove herself as straight-talking, honest, as honest as any politician goes. ‘Being a woman, I have faith in other women.’ The individual stood by her stance, despite Mr Ferrari noting the former I’m A Celebrity contestant is ‘relatively low in the cabinet’. He said: ‘Normally you go from foreign secretary or chancellor or whatever. It would be quite a leap.’ In her time as culture secretary, Ms Dorries has faced criticism for several online videos and TV interviews about her role and her unwavering support of Mr Johnson. Appearing on BBC Breakfast in February, she turned on interviewer Charlie Stayt’s question about whether she had spoken to the PM in the last 24 hours and said: ‘Why? Why are you asking me that question?’ In the same month, she told CNN she would ‘probably’ withdraw support for Mr Johnson ‘if he went out and kicked a dog’. She faced ridicule in April when she said she is responsible for making sure the UK has access to superfast broadband to ‘downstream’ – rather than ‘download’ – movies. Ms Dorries later took to Twitter to respond to the comments and reveal she is dyslexic: ‘I often run my words together and say things that sound like the words I’m trying to say’. Then, last month, the Mid Bedfordshire MP admitted sharing her Netflix password with four other people – against the streaming site’s terms of service. She also continues to be criticised over her controversial decision to push for the privatisation of Channel 4. Despite the LBC caller’s hopes, 59% of Tory MPs voted to keep Mr Johnson as leader last night, with 41% against – a worse split than that of predecessor Theresa May. She secured the support of 63% of Tories in 2018 with 37% having no confidence in her. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.