Love Island fans were surprised yet slightly taken aback by Dami Hope’s explicit dream about Indiyah Polack. The fan favourites have been going strength to strength following their first date which aired during Sunday’s episode. However, during Monday’s instalment, the microbiologist explained to his fellow co-stars how difficult it is sharing a bed with Indiyah. When asked whether anything happened between the couple the night before, Dami surprisingly admitted that he imagined a risque scenario with the hotel waitress. ‘My flask was full and frothed over at the top,’ he said while chatting to Luca Bish and Andrew Le Page. While Indiyah debriefed the girls, she said ‘the beauty shop was closed’ because she was too tired. Safe to say fans wished Dami kept his X-rated confession to himself. ‘Just because we have a ‘secret code’ doesn’t mean we have to share everything Dami,’ one person tweeted. ‘Erm Dami, we did NOT need to know that information about ur dream,’ another added. ‘Lol not Dami having sex dreams,’ wrote a third. Elsewhere on the episode, drama brewed courtesy of Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu as she spread comments about Gemma Owen’s head maybe still being turned if the right guy entered the villa. Gemma then confronted Ekin-Su about what she had said, saying that she should ‘concentrate on her own dramas’ and that unless her relationship was ‘perfect’ she wasn’t here for her feedback. ‘Until then, keep your f**king nose out of it,’ she fumed, while also branding the 27-year-old’s actions ‘d*ckhead behaviour’. Ekin-Su wasn’t here to take all the responsibility though, asking afterwards: ‘Why is it me again? All I did was explain what happened.’ ‘It’s so easy to blame me in here, isn’t in?’ she added. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu’s brother drops hint he could be going into Love Island for Casa Amor as fans demand his arrival MORE : Love Island’s Paige Thorne finally shuts down Jay Younger to pursue Jacques O’Neill romance 