I often feel inexplicably anxious when Katherine Birbalsingh hits the headlines. Described as Britain’s ‘strictest headteacher’, her reputation precedes her and despite the fact that I have never attended one of her schools – nor ever met her – whenever she appears in the press, I immediately feel like I’m about to be put into a detention. She has the kind of unmistakable headteacher energy that makes you go quiet and take notes, but unfortunately, in my view, the message in her lessons is often way off the mark. Ms Birbalsingh recently took on a new role as the Government’s new social mobility tsar, and in her first speech yesterday as Chairman of the Social Mobility Commission, she said that people from poor backgrounds should take ‘smaller steps’ when climbing the ladder, from the bottom rungs to the middle, rather than aiming for the top. Clearly, there’s nothing like an ‘aim lower’ message to inspire an assembly hall into reaching their goals. Her suggestion caused understandable upset. After all, it isn’t the posh, rich, privileged people whose enthusiasm she’s curbing, but working-class folk who are aiming for high-level achievement. It read to me like she was instructing those from deprived backgrounds to rein it in a bit and settle for a participation sticker rather than a gold star. To hear the Government’s own tsar on social mobility suggest that we aim for smaller steps, i.e., less mobility in the short term, was more than a little depressing. As patronising as it sounded, however, I didn’t disagree with everything she had to say. ‘We want to move away from the notion that social mobility should just be about the “long” upward mobility from the bottom to the top – the person who is born into a family in social housing and becomes a banker or CEO,’ she said. Ms Birbalsingh went on to say: ‘We want to promote a broader view of social mobility, for a wider range of people who want to improve their lives, sometimes in smaller steps.’ I agree that people who want to improve their lives should be celebrated for all their achievements, no matter how small, not just those who break through glass ceilings of class division. It’s unrealistic to set a standard where those from working class backgrounds are only praised if they get places at top universities or become CEOs of global firms. Social mobility shouldn’t be about the number of steps that can be cleared in one jump, but the overall improvement of the lives of all involved. It’s vital that we increase opportunities available for those who aspire to the highest levels of education and employment, regardless of their background. Telling them to take smaller steps is a step in the wrong direction is not the way to achieve that, though. Once again, the onus is being placed on an individual to rein in their ambition, rather than on university administrators and top employers to think outside the stuffy box and give more opportunities and support to those from lower socio-economic backgrounds. I do, however, think there is value in reassessing what we think is the ‘pinnacle’ of achievement and the top of the social ladder itself. In the UK, we always seem to consider Oxford and Cambridge to be the best indicators of educational achievement and the biggest indicator of social success. Maybe it’s because Oxbridge really is the best place to educate the ‘best’ minds in the country –  or does society simply deem it to be so, meaning students are less likely to turn down a place in favour of another university? When someone from the Tory Party celebrates the fact that a student from a council estate got a place into Oxbridge, my cynicism radar goes into overdrive. Of course such an achievement should be recognised and honoured, but when it comes from the Tories it, seems to me, to merely serves to strengthen their notion that hard work and talent can break down class barriers, when in fact it’s more likely that these few people have slipped through the net. The very net designed to separate us from the elite. And there’s not much more elitist than calling the Chairman of Social Mobility a literal ‘tsar’. Perhaps I could take to Ms Birbalsingh’s views on social mobility if it wasn’t for the fact that she has said such controversial things about class in the past. She once said that one of her 12 golden rules for students was to not let them listen to grime or drill music because it would ruin their lives. According to her, ‘White middle-class people don’t realise that, because their children can dip in and dip out and it’s not an issue. Whereas your black kid in the inner city – it could literally destroy your life.’ While I broadly agree that we should celebrate those who are making achievements however great or small, I can’t help but feel that the message Ms Birbalsingh is putting out is one that effectively encourages people to ‘aim lower’ in life. I think a far more important message should be sent to universities and employers to aim higher in the level of opportunities that are available for people who they may previously have overlooked. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Education Secretary rejects push for Oxbridge to admit more state school pupils MORE : ‘My son lost years of school – people need to know how bad it is’: The autistic children being failed by the education system MORE : ‘Our work is life-changing’: Why arts education should no longer be looked down on