A mum who left her kids alone to give her friend a lift home ended up in a police chase – and tried to hide from officers by camouflaging herself with grease. Magen Hendry, 28, was drunk when she left her front door ajar and her children asleep at 3am on October 25, 2019. One child was of pre-school age and the other at primary school. Teesside Crown Court heard how police spotted Hendry’s black Audi A9 driving dangerously in Stockton. Prosecutor Uzma Khan said that the car had no lights on and was seen going through two sets of red lights. Ms Khan said that police lost sight of her Audi, before it was picked up by CCTV abandoned in a car park on Durham Road. Hendry was seen crouching behind a wall. She had covered herself in some sort of grease – thought to be vandal grease – in a bid to hide from police; and her bare feet were bleeding. Ms Khan told the court that Hendry made a run for it, but was arrested after a short chase. She told officers that she had been decorating at home with a friend and then agreed to give her a lift home, adding: ‘I wouldn’t say it was dangerous driving but by the time I went through the red lights it was too late to stop.’ She admitted that she had left her two children unattended at home. Police found Hendry’s eldest child at home crying for her mother. ‘She had woken up, realised that her mother was not present. She’d got upset, she was crying and when the police arrived the youngest child was also crying,’ Ms Khan added. Hendry, of Thornaby, pleaded guilty to two counts of child neglect and one count of dangerous driving. Tabitha Buck, defending, said that social services had been involved since the incident and that a probation report found that Hendry had resorted to alcohol to cope with a crisis in her life. Judge Howard Crowson told Hendry that she had been ‘careless about the welfare of your children and of other drivers on the road.’ He handed her a two- year supervision order and an 18-month driving ban. Hendry told the judge that there is no school bus and that a taxi to get her children to school was £7 each way. But the judge warned her that if she drove whilst banned, she could end up with a prison sentence. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.