Makeup can help us find, shape and express our identities. Studies have shown it can be a mood enhancer, such as the well documented ‘lipstick effect’, and be a key component in how people choose to present themselves in the world. In the LGBTQ+ community, this experience can be heightened, helping to amplify features, explore a multi-faceted identity, or even be part of ‘finding’ oneself. Metro.co.uk spoke to a mix of people from the community to hear their makeup stories. There’s famed drag queen, Cherry Valentine, who has understood the confidence-boosting powers of makeup since childhood. Ben Pechey, who is out and proud as a non-binary person, and believes makeup has played a role in conversations around their gender identity. Then Alicia Connolly, a young lesbian exploring her sexuality while overcoming limiting ‘lipstick lesbian’ stereotypes, along with others. Read it and reach for your makeup bag, for it is a many-layered thing. Cherry Valentine, or George Ward out of drag, identifies as gender fluid. George’s pronouns are he/they, though when presenting in drag, she/her. Known for competing in RuPaul’s Drag Race UK, makeup is an important part of presenting as Cherry. ‘I remember when I was about four years old and saw my mother wear lipstick and mascara. It helped me see that regardless of what’s going on, a bit of makeup can change your mood. ‘Since the first time I’d seen it, I knew innately that it was something I wanted to have a go at. ‘Makeup really has helped me embrace my LGBTQ+ identity. It’s not something that people usually think about, but for me, it’s something I’ve always thought about. ‘Wearing makeup makes me feel confident, and like I’m really bringing what’s on the inside out. When I first started using makeup, it actually felt taboo as a presenting male. ‘Though through the years, it really has become a tool and extension that I’m proud to use and own. There are no boundaries, so it’s incredible to be able to just sit down and get it out. ‘It’s completely genderless – it can be used to play on ideation, and societal norms. ‘It helps me everyday to express myself, whether I’m in full drag and all glammed up, or out of my drag and just want a little eyeliner. ‘Makeup can complement your style, and even be used as a base to create or build your style around. ‘I absolutely love incorporating red into my looks – it’s my favourite colour, and part of the reason my drag name is Cherry Valentine. ‘I have a go-to drag face, which has adapted and refined since I started drag. ‘It’s clean, glamourous, and I like to use techniques to “pull” everything up, to get that really snatched look. ‘The thing I love most about makeup is that there are absolutely no rules. The limit is literally your imagination, and it’s really not that serious!’ Alicia, a 22 year old social media assistant, identifies as a lesbian. For her makeup is about being creative – though her sexuality and other people’s perceptions does at times complicate it for her. Brow soap, concealer and lip gloss are her staples. ‘For a long time I actually used makeup as a way to hide my sexuality. ‘I wore a face full of makeup, because in my head that was the opposite of what a lesbian stereotypically looked like and I didn’t want anyone to know. I wanted to hide away – but now I use it as a way of expressing myself. ‘I am proud to be me and makeup helps me bring out my creativity and uniqueness. ‘I still struggle with my identity from time to time. ‘I am fully out and open with my sexuality, but when it comes to my appearance and how I present as a lesbian, I struggle and often catch myself wanting to change so I can appear more stereotypical queer. ‘The classic stereotype of lesbians being butch – no makeup, short hair, masculine clothing – is something I sometimes try to revert to. ‘I often worry that people don’t believe that I am queer because of my appearance – even when I came out so many people were really surprised because of how I look and a lot of people still perceive lesbians to look a certain way. ‘I often have people say to me to this day that I don’t look like a lesbian and I always think “what does a lesbian look like?!” ‘I am slowly getting more comfortable with being a femme presenting lesbian. ‘People often forget that makeup is for queer people too and I love that we can use it to express ourselves. ‘I do notice that when I wear makeup, my confidence sky rockets and I stand a little taller, and when I do my makeup it is like free therapy – for an hour or two I get to just sit with myself, be in my own company and have some self-care time.’ Ben, author of The Book of Non-Binary Joy, is a 27 year old based in Yorkshire, using the pronouns they/them. Their makeup choices are unapologetically bright and bold since playing with it freely at the age of 21, after seeing other queer people use it. ‘Makeup can show up for me, affirm how I feel, and also reflect that identity visually back to the world around me. ‘Makeup allows me to play with gender, because it truly is a game. I think society is stuck in this rigid idea of binary options, that it is too scared to act. ‘Once you overcome this and see gender for what it is, nothing at all, you can play around and have fun with it. ‘Makeup was, is, and always will be one of the bigger components in my life that let me explore that. ‘Makeup is such a release because it allows me to curate the way I want to be seen, but also how I see myself. ‘There is such freedom and power that makeup can create. ‘As with so many of the things we put on our body, whether that is clothes, jewellery, tattoos or indeed makeup – it says something about who we are as people. ‘For me, and my face, I think my makeup expresses my intention of ownership, over myself and how people see me. ‘I fought for who I am as a person. My gender identity has ties to my makeup, it has played such a big role in this conversation. ‘It is very comforting to glance at my reflection and see the person I have felt like for the longest time. ‘Sometimes it can feel like a mask, hiding the doubt and stress that dealing with transphobia daily can cause. ‘Makeup has unleashed a true pleasure for my identity, who I am as a person has been able to flourish thanks to the power that makeup holds for me. ‘It gave me the visual language that unlocked the inner me, that had been languishing under so much fear and distress. ‘Now, you will never see me without a black winged liner – the bigger the better. ‘Oh, and red lipstick – at this point, I have lost count of many tubes of red lipstick I have. These are the staples of my face. ‘I don’t take myself too seriously, and I think my makeup says that. Life is too short to be miserable, so wear loads of makeup if that is what speaks to you – it has never treated me badly!’ Victoria is a 25-year-old from New York, working as an actor and model. She identifies as bisexual and uses the pronouns she/her/they/theirs. Makeup is a way to connect to her ‘eclectic’ side. ‘All the powerful women in my life and who I saw on TV wore makeup. Tila Tequila, who’s show A Shot at Love with Tila Tequila, helped me discover I was bisexual at 11 years old. ‘She wore heavy makeup and was such a fierce and fun femme. ‘When I was still figuring things out as a child, the world’s stereotypes kept clouding my road to self-discovery. ‘For example: I liked girls so I must be a lesbian. But lesbians don’t wear makeup. Why do I still like being feminine if I like girls? ‘We all subconsciously at a young age equate sexuality with makeup. I’ve always been feminine with a masculine side. ‘Makeup helps me stay true to who I am, so I love how versatile it is. ‘When I go out, I like to wear both liquid and pencil eyeliner with volumizing mascara and smoky eye shadow to make my eyes really pop. ‘I never leave home without some sort of gloss, tinted chapstick, or lipstick. ‘Makeup helps me express my eclectic tastes. I remember my friends in college made fun of me for wearing orange lipstick – but I love colour pops. ‘My mother always taught me when I was learning to paint how makeup is parallel to oil painting. Makeup also helps me accentuate my femme side. ‘I always feel complete when I’m done putting on my makeup. ‘Almost like I’ve completed showing the world this new or other version of myself that I don’t typically get to express.’ Linda, a 39 year old living between Spain, London and Dublin, identifies as gay and uses makeup to embody whichever mood she’s feeling that day. For her, it’s fun and experimental. ‘I love how we can alter or enhance our appearance by wearing makeup. ‘I have very good skin so I don’t wear it to conceal blemishes, but rather to enhance my natural features such as my eyes and lips which is where I apply makeup mostly. ‘It empowers me to be whatever version of myself I wish to be at that moment. Emo, Goth, Femme, Natural, Vintage… ‘I am drawn to the historic side of it too. The great Dynasties of Egypt wore makeup regardless of gender, as extensively both men and women wore it and would accentuate their eyes and as a mark of wealth and prosperity. ‘This is just one side of it that fascinates me – makeup is a type of art and therapy for me. ‘Makeup has enabled me to navigate the duality of my gender identity. ‘Some days I identify more like a femme woman and others as non-binary. ‘I would wear makeup on the days where I felt ultra-femme, in contrast to the days when I didn’t wear any at all as I used to assign makeup to gender, as that is what I was culturally conditioned to feel, though now I’ve realised it’s acceptable to wear for anyone. ‘I think eyeliner suits men so well, for example. It shouldn’t erase masculinity, nor should it symbolise femininity. ‘I can be soft, butch, masc, pan, femme, all in one. Unrestrictive. Empowered.’ Cherry Valentine recently appeared as the first drag judge for the Style Awards at this year’s Cazoo Derby Ladies Day. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Going to Pride? Here’s how to do two glorious rainbow beauty looks MORE : Why is budget makeup still failing ethnically diverse people? MORE : Revolution launches Love Island makeup collection – and it’s all under £15 