Human remains found deep in the Amazon have been confirmed as belonging to missing British journalist Dom Phillips, police in Brazil have said. The 57-year-old freelance writer disappeared on June 5 alongside indigenous expert Bruno Pereira, 41, in the remote Javari Valley bordering Peru and Colombia. Earlier this week, police recovered human remains from a grave in the jungle where they were led by a fisherman who confessed to killing the two men. Amarildo da Costa de Oliveira, 41, nicknamed Pelado, told officers he shot them and led police to a spot near the city of Atalaia do Norte. Local broadcaster CNN Brasil quoted federal police sources claiming a dental arch exam was used to identify Mr Phillips. The remains of a second person, believed to be that Mr Pereira, was still under analysis, they added. Police gave no immediate explanation of a motive for the killing, but officials earlier suggested that Mr Pereira’s work to stop illegal fishing in an indigenous reserve had angered local fishermen. The family of Mr Phillips reacted to the news of Mr da Costa de Oliveira’s confession to his murder with heartbreak. In a brief statement issued by his brother-in-law Paul Sherwood, Phillips’ UK-based loved ones said: ‘Early this morning we were informed that two bodies have been recovered from a remote location after a confession from one of the men in custody. ‘We are heartbroken at the confirmation that Dom and Bruno were murdered and extend our deepest sympathies to Alessandra, Beatriz and the other Brazilian family members of both men.’ Mr Phillips, who had written for the Guardian and the Washington Post, was doing research for a book on the trip with Pereira, a former head of isolated and recently contacted tribes at federal indigenous affairs agency Funai. Earlier on Friday, police said their investigation suggested there were more individuals involved beyond the suspect who had confessed, but that so far the killers were believed to have acted without the involvement of a criminal organization. They said: ‘The investigations indicate that the killers acted alone, with no bosses or criminal organisation behind the crime.’ Local indigenous group Univaja, however, which played a leading role in the search, said it had informed the federal police numerous times since late 2021 that there was an organized crime group operating in the Javari Valley. The group added: ‘The cruelty of the crime makes clear that Pereira and Phillips crossed paths with a powerful criminal organisation that tried at all costs to cover its tracks during the investigation.’ INA, a union representing workers at Funai, shared the view. It said in a separate statement: ‘We all know that violence in the Javari Valley is linked to a wide chain of organised crime.’ Police said they were still searching for the boat Phillips and Pereira were traveling in when they were last seen alive. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.