The Grenfell community is coming together in memory of the 72 who died, five years on from one of Britain’s worst modern disasters. A memorial service marking the anniversary will be held at Westminster Abbey this morning, where the names of the victims will be read out Roses will be laid on the Innocent Victims’ Memorial and an abbey bell will toll 72 times. Members of the Grenfell Next of Kin group, which represents those bereaved by the tragedy, said they do not want their loved ones’ deaths to have been in vain. Raheleh Afraseibi, who lost her mother Fatemeh and aunt Sakineh in the fire, said the ‘catastrophe is never ending for us’. She said: ‘They lost their lives so others could live in safety. ‘We don’t want them to just say “Never forget” – we want it cemented in some way.’ At 2pm, a 72-second silence will be observed at Westfield shopping centre in Shepherd’s Bush, near the tower in north Kensington. Later in the afternoon, cording around the tower will be removed so survivors, the bereaved and community groups can gather at its base for a multifaith service and lay flowers and wreaths. Natasha Elcock, chairwoman of campaign group Grenfell United, said: ‘This week will be a difficult week for everyone affected by the Grenfell Tower fire. ‘For many of us the events five years ago are still so raw in our minds and our losses remain heavy in our hearts.’ In the evening, firefighters from across the country will form a guard of honour as members of the community take part in a silent walk starting from the base of the tower. Pete Wolfenden, a firefighter who responded to the blaze, said: ‘It’s been five years since the Grenfell Tower fire and the thoughts and wishes go out from all London firefighters and fire control staff personnel to the survivors and friends and family of those who lost their lives in this appalling incident, the worst domestic blaze in living memory. ‘We also remember the brave and courageous members of all the emergency services who attended on the night and subsequent days, some of who still suffer ill-health and bear the mental scars of attending that traumatic incident.’ London Fire Commissioner Andy Roe said he has found the strength and dignity of the Grenfell community ‘humbling and inspiring’. He added: ‘I give my commitment that we will continue to listen and make changes to our service and work to drive improvements in the built environment to ensure such a tragedy can never happen again.’ The Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities (DLUHC) said it is taking steps to ensure buildings are safer. A DLUHC spokesman said: ‘The Grenfell Tower tragedy must never be allowed to happen again and our thoughts are with the bereaved families, survivors and residents. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.