As Jane was getting ready for work in June 2016, six police officers knocked on the door and searched her family home. ‘In that instant, my life changed irrevocably,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. Jane, a teacher, had been married for 25 years when her husband was arrested for viewing child pornography. ‘Our two daughters were at university, meaning that we were spending a bit more time together just as a couple. ‘At the weekends, we’d spend time working on the house and garden, enjoying our local countryside, visiting friends, or maybe preparing a meal together,’ she added. ‘I thought we had a good marriage. I was looking forward to our future together.’ The number of adults viewing child pornography is at a record high – with the pandemic said to have only fueled the fire. Increasing isolation, unemployment, breakdowns of relationships and poor mental health is cited to be key factors in escalating pornography habits, with the number of adults viewing illegal content more than doubling in recent years. During 2021, Stop It Now!, a campaign run by child protection charity, The Lucy Faithfull Foundation, discovered that the number of people who sought help for their illegal behaviour, or someone else’s, more than doubled – with an increase of 107%. Jane, was one of those who received support from the charity after her husband was charged with viewing Category A sex abuse images. Recalling the run up to his arrest, she says that when he was on the computer her husband claimed he was looking at sports forums, and thus she never questioned the nature of his activities as he could be ‘quite obsessive about particular interests and fads’. ‘I was worried about his health, both physical and mental, but never suspected the true nature of his activities,’ she adds. However, one Friday morning, at 7:20am, her husband answered a knock at the door. ‘The next thing I knew, six police officers were inside the house,’ she says. ‘A couple of them came into the bedroom and told me to hand over my mobile phone. Of course, I was completely bewildered and shocked. Ironically, the first thing I thought about was letting the woman I gave a lift to, and my school, know that I wouldn’t be coming into work that morning. ‘My husband explained why the police were there, but he kept claiming it was some kind of mistake and that he was innocent. I believed him! I couldn’t accept what the lead officer told me: that my life was never going to be the same again and that this sort of situation breaks up families.’ That September, Jane’s husband was charged with viewing Category A sex abuse images – admitting he’d been addicted to porn for over a decade, and viewing illegal images for two of them. He cited unhappiness, work stress and low self-esteem – Jane had been concerned about his mental health as her husband had been ‘prone to depression’, but only a little. ‘It came as a complete shock to learn that he had not only been looking at indecent images for two years, but had been addicted to pornography for 10 years. Learning this felt like a total betrayal of our marriage and family life,’ she remembers. ‘I didn’t know what to do; I felt frightened, ashamed, confused and angry – all at the same time. Above all, I felt utterly alone.; Jane’s husband received a non-custodial sentence, and she divorced him. She says that each member of her family ‘has had to come to terms with what happened’. ‘I spent the first six months living in a sort of blur,’ she recalls. ‘Everything felt unreal. It was the last thing I could possibly have predicted would have happened to me.’ Jane, who has since remarried, describes how she struggled to sleep, was depressed and ‘tearful most of the time.’ She says: ‘I tried to carry on with my life as best I could, but it was really hard until the legal process had been concluded.’ While Jane didn’t attend the magistrates or crown court hearing, it was widely reported in the local press and Jane says she ‘felt like a prisoner’ in her own home, ‘frightened to go outside’. ‘People’s reactions varied tremendously, and I had to constantly make judgement calls about who to tell, how much to tell, and when to tell,’ she explains. ‘Some people really let me down, while  other people who I hadn’t known so well proved to be really lovely and helpful. ‘Eventually, I plucked up the courage to tell one of my neighbours what had happened. She and her husband were really kind; they spoke with all the other neighbours, informing them that I had split up with my husband and that I didn’t want to talk with anyone at the time. ‘My daughters also had to try to come to terms with the situation in their own way. They reacted very differently: one wanted to talk with her father and ask him lots of questions. The other hid herself away for a month. ‘They have a reasonably good relationship with their father now, despite what he did, and of course I don’t try to interfere with that even though I don’t have much contact with him myself,’ she adds. Referring to the support she got from the charity, Jane explains how they ‘really helped’ her through the process by ‘providing information, alongside both emotional and practical support.’ She adds: ‘Offenders should seek help when they know they are doing wrong. I think we have to take responsibility for our own choices, especially when they can have such a significant impact upon the lives of people close to us.’ Stop It Now!, which is in its 20th year, is the UK’s first confidential and anonymous helpline that specifically supports not only those who are worried about someone else’s sexual thoughts, feelings and behaviour towards children, but those who actually carry them out. The charity campaigns to prevent the growing problem of online sex offending against children, highlighting the harm it can cause to victims, as well as both the person and legal consequences for offenders and families. Since launching its confidential helpline and self-help website in 2002, the helpline has supported over 60,000 people tackle their or their loved one’s concerning behaviour. The question of whether abusers can be ‘healed’ or ‘cured’, is a contentious one, but something that shouldn’t be simply brushed under the carpet, according to the charity. ‘Mostly, the tens of thousands of people in the UK viewing sexual images of children online don’t conform to the stereotypes,’ Donald Findlater, director of the Stop It Now! helpline, explains. ‘They are our friends, family, neighbours and colleagues. ‘Many of the people contacting our helpline started out simply looking on mainstream adult pornography sites, but over time, the more they viewed these images, they found they needed different or more extreme content. Some don’t know the law and need it spelling out. A few are struggling with a long-standing sexual interest in children and think that looking at ‘only pictures’ is a way of managing that interest. ‘Everyone needs to know that looking at sexual images and videos of under 18s is illegal; that children are harmed by it; that serious consequences await those involved in it; but that our helpline and website give anonymous, and confidential support and advice to stop and stay stopped.’ Rhiannon, 32, a survivor of child abuse, agrees with this controversial, pragmatic approach. When she was 13, Rhiannon fell victim to a sexual predator who posed online as a female modelling scout. ‘I was very shy at school,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. ‘I was bullied in primary school and had low self confidence. ‘Back then it was quite early days for the internet, and the whole point of it was to meet and talk to other people. Rhiannon admits that it ‘felt easier to meet people online as someone who was shy’ and socialise through chat rooms. ‘In 2003 I don’t think people knew of the dangers that were present online, and my dad didn’t really know much about it either,’ she says. Conversation with the sexual predator, disguised as a female in her late teens, started out as normal ‘everyday conversation,’ Rhiannon explains. Over time, this connection asked about her age, her friends, where she went to school, where she lived – gaining vital information that could be used against her as blackmail. ‘She said I was really pretty and could be a model,’ Rhiannon recalls. ‘She was asking me to send her photos, which I did and I got lots of compliments. ‘It felt very natural and I felt like I was making friends with somebody.’ Gradually, the demand in photos increased – what started off as photos of her face, moved to full-length photos, and nudity. After Rhiannon was pressured into sending a topless photograph, she says ‘everything changed’ – the person she was chatting to was no longer complementary, and threatened to blackmail her if she didn’t do as she asked. ‘She knew what school I went to and who my friends were,’ she recalls. ‘It’s the worst thing you can imagine for a 13 year old girl.’ Rhiannon said that she felt ‘so scared’ to tell anybody of the abuse as she was worried everybody would see the photos she’d taken. Soon, she believed a man from a modelling agency was coming to her family home to take professional, full-length shots. In reality, the perpetrator sexually abused her, recording the abuse. ‘He left and I never saw him again after that,’ she says, adding that she blocked the person she’d been speaking to online, but they texted her, threatening to send the photos to her school. ‘I was absolutely terrified going into school,’ she remembers. ‘In class I was looking out the window expecting to see this man outside, or my pictures attached to the railings. Rhiannon describes how she ‘was living in absolute fear’ and ‘wasn’t going to tell anybody about it’ until the Police came to her address six months later, investigating the perpetrator, and had found her details. Her perpetrator ended up going to prison for seven years. Following her ordeal, Rhiannon went on to study law at university, qualifying as a lawyer specialising in family law in 2019 in a bid to help others who were once like her. She speaks at conferences and offers training programmes to the media as an advocate for survivors in line with the Marie Collins Foundation. ‘It took me 10 years to rebuild my life,’ she says, after seeking therapy at the age of 22. ‘I was angry with everybody and everything.’ Despite this rage, within her work at the Marie Collins Foundation, Rhiannon states that though it focuses on the recovery of survivors, she also works on prevention. ‘I believe that if we want to tackle this ever growing problem, we need to be looking at prevention,’ she explains. ‘There’s support out there for people who recognise that their behaviour is wrong or will recognise it in a family member or friend, or partner. ‘I very strongly support these organisations that are providing that support and I think it’s absolutely essential. ‘It’s another view that shocks people, given my experience,’ she adds. ‘People say just castrate sex offenders and lock them up and throw away the key and I’m the complete opposite. ‘They deserve to have that support.’ According to Michael Sheath, Principal Practitioner and expert in child sexual abuse prevention at Stop It Now!, the charity has seen a rise in the number young men seeking help, ‘typically following habitual pornography consumption which has, over time, led them to seek illegal content online,’ he explains. ‘Recognising those triggers and warning signs, and reaching out for help, can mean that offending is prevented. ‘At Stop It Now! we listen and don’t judge; we will help the person on the other end of the line express their concerns, as well as suggest practical support that will ultimately help keep children safe.’ However, not everyone agrees with the charity’s methods. Emma-Jane Taylor, a survivor and advocate for survivors of child sex abuse feels that the focus should always be on the survivor, not the perpetrator. ‘There are never winners when it comes to the bare bones of this conversation,’ she says. ‘The survivor is rarely considered long-term after disclosure, as the focus turns to the perpetrator, their rehab and needs. A perpetrator’s rehabilitation isn’t a terrible thing to consider but when compared to a survivor, stripped of their childhood, struggling with mental health, and suffering in silence, that relative lack of consideration is immense. ‘I believe rehab is important for sexual offenders to take, not least because at some point they will be released into our society,’ Emma-Jane tells Metro.co.uk. ‘Society at the very least needs to know that there has been intervention and support. However I do question whether some offenders should be released given the crimes they have committed – there are many lateral conversations attached to that answer. ‘But the biggest consideration for me has to be for the survivor of child sex abuse and the difficulties they will be struggling with from the trauma of abuse,’ she adds. ‘The survivor never gets considered. They never get supported and now the offender is safely behind bars everyone moves on, but it isn’t quite that simple for the survivor. ‘This is when they now need to learn how to cope with mental trauma, are afraid, fearful and embarrassed by the dark events, not to mention ashamed. ‘This is the wrong way round. Survivors should not be feeling this way.’ Emma-Jane, who campaigns funding and support schemes for survivors of Child Sex Abuse said that ‘many survivors struggle to exist.’ She continues: ‘For many, the resultant mental trauma from child sex abuse is like being in prison. ‘The Government must fund specialist schemes to provide more support for survivors than is currently available, including support for people to get into and return to work. I feel lucky really, that I have managed to fund therapy and found strong support and care since my therapy started at 23 years old.’ Emma-Jane believes that the best solution is ‘zero tolerance punishments when it comes to abuse of any kind.’ She adds: ‘Anyone viewing illegal content online must be brought to attention, there should be no leniencies. ‘Zero tolerance is zero tolerance whichever way you look at it,’ she clarifies. ‘Watching illegal content is a crime, it needs to be addressed and viewers need to understand there are penalties.’ *Names have been changed Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Claie.Wilson@metro.co.uk Share your views in the comments below. MORE : My family didn’t believe I was a domestic abuse victim because I’m a man MORE : Rape victims are being treated like the ones under investigation – not their attackers MORE : ‘I felt like I couldn’t say no’: The truth about kids and porn 