Twitter has reportedly agreed to give Elon Musk access to the stream of tweets the billionaire wants. Musk is threatening to end his 44 billion dollar (£35bn) agreement to buy Twitter citing the company’s refusal to give him information about the number of spam bot accounts on the platform. Now Twitter is planning to give Musk access to all its data, potentially down to the very last tweet. This will make it harder for the billionaire to end his deal to buy the company. The social media giant will give the world’s richest man direct access to its ‘firehose’, the stream of millions of tweets that flow through the company’s network daily, as reported by The New York Times. The information would enable Musk to arrive at his own conclusions on how many fake accounts exist on Twitter. Twitter’s CEO Parag Agrawal had previously said that internal estimates of spam accounts on the social media platform for the last four quarters were ‘well under 5%’. However, Musk refused to believe Twitter’s claim, instead demanding information on the company’s tweet stream. On Monday, lawyers for the Tesla and SpaceX said in a letter to Twitter that Musk had repeatedly asked for the information since May 9, about a month after his initial offer to buy the company, so he could evaluate how many of the company’s 229 million accounts are fake. Still, the stream of tweet data from Twitter isn’t likely to help Musk prove the company was misleading him since the company uses a different methodology to calculate the number of fake accounts. In April, Musk agreed to buy Twitter for $54.20 a share but if the deal falls apart, he will have to pay a $1 billion breakup fee. The agreement also includes a ‘specific performance clause’ which gives Twitter the right to sue the billionaire and force him to complete or pay for the deal. It’s unclear if Musk will get full or partial access to Twitter’s ‘firehose’ but the billionaire will likely need a team of experts to analyse the data. He will also need the computing capacity to process and store the enormous volume of information, company insiders told The New York Times. In a previous statement, a Twitter spokesperson had said that the company would ‘continue to cooperatively share information with Musk to consummate the transaction in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement’. ‘We intend to close the transaction and enforce the merger agreement at the agreed price and terms,’ they said. Twitter had admitted in the past that it had been counting the number of users on its platform wrong for three years straight. According to Twitter’s first-quarter earnings for 2022 the company had been overcounting the number of users on its service due to a technical error involving linked accounts. MORE : Texas to investigate Twitter over Elon Musk’s bot claims MORE : Elon Musk threatens to walk away from $44 billion Twitter deal