Summer means travel, especially now we’re past the worst of Covid and the endless demands to stay at home. But where to go, and what to bring with you? Sometimes the best suggestions come out of the blue, and just so happen to hit the spot – so we’ve provided four of them, from special new candles, to comic festivals, observatories and even Tenerife. The First Light Pavilion has just opened to the public at Jodrell Bank Observatory in Cheshire, after a £21.5million investment. The observatory was awarded Unesco heritage status in 2019 for its world-leading role in the history of astronomy and this project has been led by a largely female team. The structure is a striking 250ft diameter dome that contains a new permanent exhibition area and immersive planetarium shows, which will have space geeks flying high. From £10, with tickets from Jodrell Bank. Oxford’s The Story Museum presents KA-BOOM! The Art Of Creating Comics, an interactive exhibition in the form of a huge pop-up comic strip. You’ll experience the process of creating a comic book with the help of iconic characters from the comic book metaverse, including Dennis, Gnasherand Minnie the Minx. Until spring 2023, with tickets for £8 from the Story Museum. If you can’t wait to experience the sights, sounds and, well, smells of your fave fest, you can buy a candle that makes you think you’re there. Ticketing outlet Skiddle has released a limited-edition candle called the Festiv’eau (proceeds go to Macmillan Cancer Support) that evokes grass stains, lager and burger vans. Buy tickets for £30 from Skiddle. If you love your festivals, Tenerife is the place to be this month, thanks to the return of Carnival (the second most popular in the world after Rio), which includes a rhythm and harmony closing party (Santa Cruz, until June 26); fast-movers can also catch Culture and Business Pride, celebrating the LGTBIQ+ community. Visit June 11-18, from Arn Culture Pride. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Entrepreneur shares hacks for travelling in luxury on a budget MORE : Travel buys to keep the whole family entertained at the airport