Sam Asghari’s ex-girlfriend Mayra Veronica has congratulated her former boyfriend after his surprise wedding to Britney Spears. The actor, 28, wed the Toxic hitmaker, 40, at their Los Angeles home earlier this week, with just close friends and relatives in attendance – with big stars including Madonna and Paris Hilton also on the guest list. It also seems Sam – who met Britney on set of her music video in 2016 – has the full support of his ex and there’s no bad blood between them, with Mayra singing his praises. As well as being a great husband for the Piece Of Me singer, Mayra is convinced Sam will make a great dad one day too, and someone who will support Britney through thick and thin. In an interview with TMZ, shared on Sunday, Mayra couldn’t speak highly enough of Brit’s new hubby. ‘I think Sam would be a fantastic husband. He’s not like the cheating type or the flirting type, he’s very devoted, very supportive,’ she said. She added that she’s only seen ‘good things’ between the loved up couple and they seem to have a healthy relationship. Mayra – who is a model and singer – went on to share that Sam was there for her through a difficult period in her life while they were together, saying she was ‘pretty much in the same situation that Britney was.’ ‘I was being controlled by my management and what have you, and he came into the picture when I was trying to separate from all that,’ she said, referencing the 13-year-long conservatorship that Britney was freed from last November. She believes Sam ‘really helped’ when she was struggling with the control of her management, as he’s ‘very understanding.’ ‘I think that’s what [Britney] needed at the time, that’s what she still needs.’ Mayra reckons Britney has found her ‘perfect match’ in Sam and has no doubts that he will ‘take good care of her no matter which way it goes.’ ‘I think Sam would be a great father, he’s going to have the time to just devote himself to the children. He’s got a kind heart,’ she continued. Britney – who already has two sons – announced that she was pregnant earlier this year, but the couple were ‘devastated’ after she suffered a miscarriage. The pop queen wrote on Instagram at the time that they had lost their ‘miracle baby’, but will continue trying to grow their brood in the future. ‘Our love for each other is our strength. We will continue trying to expand our beautiful family,’ she said. The new husband and wife are now settling into married life after tying the knot – with Britney’s parents and sister noticeably absent from her special day. While they defied tradition by not having someone to give Britney away, or having a first dance, they ensured all guests had a fab time at a lively afterparty before driving off in the early hours with a ‘Just Married’ sign on the Rolls Royce. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : From Britney Spears’ star-studded wedding to Kourtney Kardashian’s 3 ceremonies – the celebs who got married in 2022 and the couples yet to walk down the aisle MORE : Coleen and Wayne Rooney celebrate 14th wedding anniversary at Ed Sheeran gig following end of Wagatha Christie trial 