This is the horrifying moment a Russian missile was caught on camera seconds before it slammed into a Ukrainian shopping centre. At least 18 people were killed, and dozens injured in the strike in Kremenchuk, central Ukraine on Monday afternoon. There are thought to have been around 1,000 people inside the shopping centre when a Russian missile reduced it to rubble. Within seconds of the impact, the building which housed the city’s largest toy store became a hellish inferno. Now, horrifying footage has come to light which shows a large Russian missile hitting the building. In the CCTV, the weapon appears almost suspended in the air before it disappears into the building and a large explosion follows. It comes after cameras trained on a nearby park captured the moment of impact, and people fleeing for their lives as debris rained down on the once tranquil scene. In the wake of the attack, more than thirty people remain unaccounted for as rescuers continue to search the rubble of the building. Local fire chief Ivan Melekhovets, who has been taking part in the rescue operation, said the blast caused a blaze of such intensity ‘you have no chance of surviving’. He said: ‘The hardest thing is to see the corpses – adults, children.’ Dr. Kostyantyn Manayenkov, the chief surgeon at a Kremenchuk hospital treating the wounded, said nine people in intensive care were in ‘very bad condition’. There had been skull injuries and some amputations, he said. Some bodies were so badly burned that they were unrecognizable, said Denis Monastyrsky, Ukraine’s minister of internal affairs, who visited the scene. Identifying them could take days, he added. Those inside the mall had had seven to 10 minutes to leave and get to safety when the warning sounded, he said. A shelter was just across the street. Monastyrsky again pleaded with Ukrainians who have lived with such sirens for four months now to understand the danger and to act. The country’s prosecutor general, Iryna Venediktova, emphasized that all Ukrainians must remain alert and expect a similar strike ‘every minute.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.