A juror in Johnny Depp’s trial has spoken out about his bombshell trial with Amber Heard, suggesting that they ‘were both abusive to each other’. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor, 58, sued his ex-wife for defamation over an op-ed she wrote in 2018, discussing her experience with domestic abuse. The jury found in his favor and awarded him $10million, while the Aquaman actress, 36, won one count of her countersuit, getting $2m in damages. An anonymous male juror – one of the seven people making the decision – spoke to Good Morning America about the decision, stating that the majority felt Heard was more the aggressor. He also claimed that her emotional testimony was ‘not realistic’, telling the outlet: ‘The crying, the facial expressions, the staring at the jury… All of us were very uncomfortable. ‘She would answer one question and she would be crying, and two seconds later she would turn ice cold… ‘Some of us used the expression “crocodile tears”.’ The juror in question said that he personally didn’t believe that Depp ever hit Heard, but that they were ‘mutually abusive’ towards each other. ‘Ultimately, what I think is truthful is that they were abusive towards each other,’ he said. ‘They had their husband-wife arguments. They were both yelling at each other. I don’t think that makes either of them right or wrong. That’s what you do when you get into an argument, I guess. ‘But to rise to the level of what she was claiming, there wasn’t enough or any evidence that really supported what she was saying. ‘A lot of the jury felt what he was saying, at the end of the day, was more believable. ‘He just seemed a little more real in terms of how he was responding to questions. ‘His emotional state was very stable throughout.’ The man described Depp’s legal team as ‘sharp’, but said that Heard’s attorneys had ‘sharp elbows’, suggesting that they came off as abrasive. He also denied any suggestion that the jurors were swayed by the reaction on social media, which was overwhelmed with videos, pictures, articles and posts regarding the proceedings, and insisted that some on the jury ‘made it a point not to talk about it’. After a six-week trial and 13 hours of deliberation, the seven-person jury – made up of five men and two women – found Heard did defame Depp despite not naming him in the Washington Post article. The Justice League actress is having to pay $8m to her ex-husband, but will be appealing the decision. She appeared in an interview on the TODAY show following the decision, and told the host that she still has fond feelings for her former husband. ‘Absolutely. I love him. I loved him with all my heart and I tried the best I could to make a deeply broken relationship work and I couldn’t,’ she said. ‘I have no bad feelings or ill will towards him at all. I know that might be hard to understand. ‘Or it might be really easy to understand if you have just ever loved anyone… It should be easy.’ Heard said she feels she’s ‘not likeable’ – referencing the strong public reaction to the trial – and added: ‘I am not a perfect victim. But when I testified I asked the jury to see me as human and here, his own words, which is a promise to do this, it seems as though he has.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Liam Payne spotted leaving hotel at 3am with ex Danielle Peazer nine years after their split MORE : Elle Macpherson, 58, stuns as she steps out on the arm of her lookalike son Cy Busson, 19, in Seville 