Just five minutes ago, Chris Martin was tearing up the Glastonbury Festival stage, but he’s since been spotted playing at a pub for the locals – get yourself a man who can do both. The Coldplay frontman, 45, has been on tour with the band recently, remarking that his vocals were ‘a little hoarse’ when he stopped to play at the Somerset pub on his way home from Glasto. Despite nursing a hangover and recovering from a wild weekend, the musician still found it in his heart to delight punters at the The Stag Inn in Hinton Charterhouse on Sunday amid the journey back from Worthy Farm. Chris was at the pub with girlfriend Dakota Johnson, 32, whom he has been dating since 2017 – but the pair like to keep their romance lowkey. They enjoyed drinks with friends before the Yellow hitmaker got chatting to landlord Chris Parkin. ‘We had just finished lunch service and I was at the bar when this man walked in and I said to the lad sat next to me, “Crikey that fella looks like Chris Martin”. The lady, who was with him, turned and said, “It is”,’ Mr Parkin told Somerset Live. Mr Parkin – who has been landlord at the pub for over 20 years – then ‘asked the customers just to leave them in peace outside to enjoy their drinks,’ which ‘everyone respected.’ But soon enough, the Coldplay singer was chatting to the landlord at the bar about a couple’s upcoming wedding that the business was catering for. The bride and groom mentioned their first dance was going to be to the band’s hit, Sky Full of Stars. ‘To our surprise, he [Chris] turned around and asked us if we wanted him to play it on the pub’s piano, to which we said yes,’ continued Mr Parkin and, well, who would say no? Chris joked that he had been ‘partying all weekend’ so his voice might not have been up to its usual standard, before belting out the tune from the Ghost Stories album. The musician surely delighted locals with the spontaneous performance, with Mr Parkin describing the events as ‘surreal’ and adding that he has seen ‘nothing quite like it.’ Chris also gave the soon-to-be-married couple some relationship advice, telling groom Jeremy to ‘listen to everything’ that bride Hannah says. After the star left the pub, there’s no doubt punters were in disbelief, with the 47-year-old landlord describing Chris as ‘a really pleasant chap, really nice.’ Coldplay – also consisting of members are currently playing in venues across Europe and will head to Germany at the start of July. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : 5 Seconds of Summer share update after Ashton Irwin taken to hospital mid-show due to extreme heat and exhuastion MORE : Johnny Depp to star as disgraced French king as he arrives in Paris to film first movie since winning Amber Heard defamation trial 