The European Broadcasting Union (EBU) has announced that the 2023 Eurovision Song Contest will not be held in Ukraine after Kalush Orchestra’s win last month, with the UK looking like the most likely country to take over. Ukraine’s Kalush Orchestra were the champions of this year’s competition in Turin, Italy with their hit track Stefania and, while it is traditional that the winning country hosts the event the following year, this was soon called into question due to the ongoing war with Russia. On Friday, the EBU confirmed that Ukraine would not be hosting the 2023 event, and said it is now in discussions with the BBC over the possibility of it taking place in the UK. If the UK does host the contest in 2023, it would be the ninth time it has taken place here – more than any other country. The EBU said: ‘Following their win at the Eurovision Song Contest (ESC) in May the EBU has been exploring options for the hosting of next year’s competition with Ukraine’s public broadcaster UA:PBC, who previously staged the event in 2017 and 2005. ‘It has become a well-known tradition that the winner of the Eurovision Song Contest hosts the competition the following year, providing certain criteria including ensuring the viability of staging the event and the safety of all stakeholders, including the public, are met.’ The EBU went on to address the ongoing war in Ukraine, and the organisation has taken time to work out whether it would be ‘feasible’ to host in the winning country. ‘The Eurovision Song Contest is one of the most complex TV productions in the world with thousands working on, and attending, the event and 12 months of preparation time needed. ‘Following objective analysis, the Reference Group, the ESC’s governing board, has with deep regret concluded that, given the current circumstances, the security and operational guarantees required for a broadcaster to host, organize and produce the Eurovision Song Contest under the ESC Rules cannot be fulfilled by UA:PBC,’ the statement continued. The EBU went on to thank Ukraine’s public broadcaster for their ‘wholehearted operation’ while options were being explored, who have expressed their ‘sadness and disappointment.’ The statement went on to reveal that the EBU will now ‘begin discussions with the BBC’ to host in 2023 due to UK act Sam Ryder finishing as runner-up. ‘It is our full intention that Ukraine’s win will be reflected in next year’s shows. This will be a priority for us in our discussions with the eventual hosts,’ they concluded. Meanwhile, the BBC issued a statement in response to the announcement, making it clear discussions are still yet to start. ‘We have seen the announcement from the EBU. Clearly, these aren’t a set of circumstances that anyone would want. ‘Following their decision, we will of course discuss the BBC hosting the Eurovision Song Contest,’ the broadcaster said. Following the announcement, Downing Street welcomed the possibility of the UK hosting Eurovision if Ukraine cannot, but was unable to confirm whether the Government would help the BBC fund the massive event if it went ahead. A No 10 spokesman said: ‘Ukraine’s victory in the Eurovision song contest was richly deserved and as the rightful winner the Government’s firm wish has been to see next year’s contest hosted there. ‘If the EBU decides the competition can’t go ahead in Ukraine we would of course welcome the opportunity to work closely with Ukraine and the BBC to host it here in the UK. ‘But we would be committed to ensuring it overwhelmingly reflects Ukraine’s rich culture, heritage and creativity, as well as building on the ongoing partnership between our two countries.’ Asked if the Government would help the BBC with the costs, the spokesman said ‘we’re slightly getting ahead of ourselves in terms of the process’. Scotland’s First Minister has already suggested Glasgow take over hosting duties for the 2023 event, one of the most popular choices among fans. She tweeted: ‘We wish @Eurovision could be in Ukraine but understand that in circumstances this isn’t possible. However, I can think of a perfect venue on banks of the River Clyde!! @scotgov is happy to discuss with BBC, @GlasgowCC @EBU_HQ and others.’ The city of Liverpool is also keen to put forward a case for hosting. On Twitter today, Liverpool Council’s cabinet member for culture, Harry Doyle said: ‘This is bittersweet. Ukraine as a sovereign nation should have had the opportunity to host this. I will be making a serious case for Liverpool to host Eurovision. Our city would transform into Ukraine for the event and be a beacon of hope.’ But Glasgow remains the most popular choice for now, and is at 4/7 odds, according to bookmakers William Hill. London and Birmingham are also likely candidates. Rylan Clark, who hosted the semi-finals for the UK alongside Scott Mills, was amongst the first to react, simply posting a Union Jack flag on his Twitter account. Meanwhile, Gabby Logan suggested the upcoming competition should be held in Leeds, due to it recently becoming the latest City of Culture. Katrina Leskanich, who last won Eurovision for the UK as part of her band Katrina And The Waves back in 1997, admitted she was ‘hysterical’ at the thought the nation might be hosting. It comes just days after the president of Spain’s state broadcaster RTVE suggested the BBC ‘will organise the contest’ if Ukraine was unable to do so. Speaking to Spanish newspaper Faro de Vigo, Pérez Tornero said: We don’t want to be left with the mirage of a good result. ‘We are going to go out to win next time. We were also interested in organising [Eurovision 2023]. ‘But if Ukraine resigns, it will be the BBC that organises it. The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 can be streamed in full on BBC iPlayer now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eurovision fans baffled by BBC’s ‘strange’ statement over hosting 2023 contest: ‘Why do they seem reluctant?’ MORE : Sam Ryder confirms Prince William and Kate Middleton actually watched Eurovision with the family and backed him all the way