London’s most successful LGBTQ+ nightclubs could close, after owners admitted they ‘don’t know what the future holds.’ G-A-Y, with venues across the capital, has been in business for decades, and have welcomed guests such as Spice Girls, Lady Gaga and Adele. But the venues closed on June 12 for a ‘true break’ to protect the mental health of staff, owner Jeremy Joseph announced this week. He also revealed he is considering shutting down them for good. Mr Joseph told Virgin Radio Pride UK: ‘There are probably three or four options on the table, including closing and selling up. ‘I’m not saying that’s what I’m going to do. I don’t know what I’m going to do. I’m not even going to think about what I’m going to do. ‘But I know what the options are.’ Mr Joseph himself is on holiday while the G-A-Y venues are shut over the next week and says he will use the time to reflect on their future. Given the upheaval for the entertainment industry over the last few years, the break has been much overdue, he told Virgin Radio Pride UK. Since taking over in the 1990s, Mr Joseph has overseen the transformation of G-A-Y from a popular club night to a multi-venue brand. But the pandemic cost his business more than £1m in overheads since venues were forced to close during the country’s lockdowns. At one point G-A-Y’s largest venue, Heaven, offered customers McDonald’s meals with entry after the Government ruled people must have a ‘substantial meal’ alongside alcoholic drinks. At the time, Mr Joseph said the rules ‘discriminated against wet-led venues.’ His frustration at the Government’s handling of coronavirus prompted him to launch a legal challenge in October over its 10pm curfew on hospitality, which was refused. Last year, Mr Joseph had handed ownership of G-A-Y Manchester to its manager, Lee Kellow, in October, citing mental health as a reason behind the decision. Speaking this week, Mr Joseph added: ‘I don’t know what I want anymore, but I truly don’t know. You can’t make decisions while you’re open, while you’re doing things. ‘So the idea is to take a complete break to close the venues. Everyone has a break. Hopefully nothing can happen while that happens.’ G-A-Y Bar, G-A-Y Late and Heaven will re-open on June 20 after their a week-long closures. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.