Glastonbury 2022 is officially open for business – if you can wait long enough to get to the front of the queue, that is. New pictures show thousands of festival-goers lined up in Somerset after enduring a three-year wait for the 50th anniversary amid the pandemic. There was a buzz of excitement in the air on Wednesday – despite thousands struggling get to Worthy Farm amid the worst rail strikes in three decades. Hundreds arrived two days early after at least half of all trains heading to the area were cancelled. Others began queueing at 6am this morning – with a massive cheer as the gates were thrown open two hours later by founder Michael Eavis, 86. Some of those right at the front had been waiting there since 10am on Tuesday, meaning it was nearly 24 hours by the time they got inside. Asked why she arrived so ahead of schedule, a woman called Nicola replied: ‘Well the train strike and just being excited after three years of not being here. It’s good to be back’. She added that she hadn’t got much sleep, saying ’maybe an hour here or there’. Founder Michael has promised revellers it will be ‘the best show in town’, adding: ‘Wait and see. You better believe it.’ His daughter Emily, who organises the event, was seen clapping by his side as the first guests entered the site. More than 200,000 people are set to attend Glastonbury, which will see much-loved rapper Kendrick Lamar and 1960s icon Diana Ross perform. Billie Eilish, 20 will become the youngest-ever solo headliner when she takes to the Pyramid Stage on Friday night. Meanwhile, Paul McCartney, 80, is due to take on the historic role of the oldest ever solo headliner the following evening. Revellers have been warned to pack both their wellies and sun cream as sun and thunderstorms are predicted by the Met Office. Mark Lawrie, 49, from Reading, who works for a sports charity, said he had arrived at the festival at 2am with his 18-year-old daughter Bethan. ‘We slept in the car for a few hours and joined the queue at 6am’, he said. ‘This is our third time and it’s always brilliant. The moment you get here and start to see the tops of the tents, you get such a buzz. ‘It’s always such a positive atmosphere here, everyone’s just so nice to each other and friendly to each other, but I think after what we’ve been through the last two-and-a-half years it’s going to be special.’ Mark revealed he is hotly anticipating Sir Paul’s show after missing a chance to meet him years ago. ‘When I was first a primary school teacher, I didn’t realise this but I lived next door to (McCartney) in East Sussex’, he said. ‘One morning he was walking his dog outside and I had a hangover so I was in bed and didn’t go to say hello to him. ‘My parents will absolutely never forgive me for not having done that, so he’ll be amazing to see.’ DJ Jo Whiley this morning named Glastonbury the ‘ultimate festival’, adding that the former Beatle’s show will be a ‘very, very important and significant performance’. ‘Glastonbury is the ultimate festival, it’s a celebration of all the arts and it’s all about the human experience’, she said. ‘So yes, there are all these bands playing, there’s the main stage, everyone gets very excited about that, but it’s all about just enjoying this, just the amount of things I think you can enjoy when you get there… ‘Over 100 stages, there are all different kinds of performances going on wherever, so you have to think of it as like a massive smorgasbord that you can go along and you can just keep tasting all these different things… circus acts, cabaret, music. ‘And everyone is just so friendly, so you make lots of friends, it’s just a wonderful experience.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.