Liverpool have rejected Bayern Munich’s opening transfer offer for Sadio Mane, knocking back a £25m package from the German champions. Mane looks set to end his six-year association with Liverpool after opting against signing a contract extension at Anfield. The Senegalese star has been a mainstay in Liverpool’s team since his £34m move from Southampton in 2016, scoring 120 goals in 269 appearances and helping the Reds win the Premier League and Champions League. After Liverpool’s recent Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid, Mane reportedly decided to leave the club and is pushing for a move to Bayern Munich. The Bundesliga giants are also interested in securing his services as Robert Lewandowski closes in on a transfer to Barcelona, but they will need to return with an improved offer after seeing their opening bid rebuffed. The Times say a package consisting of an initial fee of £21m – plus £4m on add-ons – has been turned down by Liverpool, who know the value of a player who is regarded as one of the best in the Premier League.  Speaking before Senegal’s World Cup qualifier against Benin earlier this week, Mane fuelled speculation he was set to leave Liverpool by insisting he would be influenced by the wishes of his countrymen and women. He said: ‘Like everyone else, I’m on social media and I see the comments. Isn’t it between 60 to 70% of Senegalese want me to leave Liverpool? I will do what they want. ‘We will see soon! Don’t be in a hurry because we will see this together. The future will tell us.’ But the Liverpool ace backtracked after scoring a hat-trick which saw him become Senegal’s all-time leading goalscorer and said his comments should have been taken with a pinch of salt. ‘I spoke yesterday while joking with a bit of humour and it was everywhere,’ Mane said. ‘I think we’ll stop there. Liverpool is a club I respect a lot. The fans adopted me since day one. Regarding the future, we’ll see.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 