McDonald’s have been told they can’t expand a store because people are getting too fat. The chain wanted to supersize their drive-thru in Cremorne, Sydney, because more people were eating in their cars following the pandemic and fewer people were going inside. The plan would have created a dual-lane system that could serve 14 people at any one time. However, the application was rejected because of fears that the widening of the lanes would impact the widening of people’s waists. North Sydney Local Health District said: ‘There is a concern that increasing accessibility to fast food, via an expanded drive-through, may negatively influence the eating habits of children and adults, and undermine existing population health strategies to tackle obesity. ‘Data from the Australian Urban Observatory shows that Cremorne already has more than adequate access to fast food. ‘Providing greater access to fast food via an expanded, dual lane drive-through is unlikely to result in positive population health outcomes.’ However, the plan hasn’t gone down well with residents who pointed out that the local obesity rate is 19% – the state average is 33%. There were also fears the environment would be affected, with people choosing to drive rather than walk or cycle in if the drive-thru got the green light. Mcdonald’s highlighted a range of healthy options on their menu in response to the news their drive-thru plans were denied. When requesting permission for the drive-thru, a spokesperson said: ‘McDonald’s has been part of the Cremorne community for more than 40 years. ‘We are reinvesting into the restaurant to make it more accessible and convenient for our customers and crew. ‘Throughout the pandemic, we experienced a considerable increase in drive-through numbers. An additional lane will improve efficiency and reduce traffic congestion for our customers. ‘In the last two years there has been an increase in transactions in the drive through of 8.3 per cent which has been offset by a reduction in over-the-counter sales. ‘The second drive-through lane will substantially increase the queuing capacity of the operation and provide a second point of order and will minimise the queuing impact on the internal carparking area, reducing congestion and reliance on carparking.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.