Could one of the Cambridge children be the next big England football star? According to proud father Prince William, it’s a definite possibility – and now they even have the shirts to back it up. The Duke of Cambridge was presented with shirts bearing the names and ages of Prince George, 8, Princess Charlotte, 7, and Prince Louis, 4, when he visited the England Women’s squad to wish them luck for this summer’s Euros. Thanking the players, he said: ‘Charlotte wanted me to tell you that she’s really good in goal! She said “please tell them that”. Budding star for the future!’ He added that his eldest son George was ‘very competitive’ when it came to footie. Dropping in on a training session at St George’s Park, William showed off his own skills – getting a ball past the goalkeeper on his second try. The future King, who is president of the Football Association, hailed the team as ‘trailblazers’ after observing some drills on Wednesday. Speaking at the Burton-upon-Trent base, he told them: ‘It’s a big tournament coming up for you, it’s exciting and everyone’s looking forward to it. You are all trailblazers for women’s sport and women’s football. ‘The best of luck. You’re going to have big crowds, good TV (coverage) – it’s going to be an awesome summer, it really is. ‘I will be keeping an eye on what you’re doing and be watching the games with the children, and I’ll try to come along where I can to give my support. ‘We’re all so proud of you, and you should be really proud of yourselves, where you’ve got yourselves. ‘This is the pinnacle coming right up, the next few weeks for you, and I know you’ll do us all proud.’ The visit came on the squad’s final day as a provisional 28-player group, ahead of the announcement of the final 23 for the Euros later in the afternoon. Skipper Leah Williamson said the duke’s visit ‘means a lot to us’ and he seemed ‘genuinely interested in us’. ‘We’re all very proud to represent England, and therefore representing the Prince and his family. It’s very important to us that we do everybody proud’, she said. ‘(He) just (has a) a genuine interest in us and our well-being, and how we cope with everything. ‘How somebody so important can make you feel so comfortable and has a genuine interest in how you are, it says a lot about him I think.’ William also spent time talking with England boss Sarina Wiegman and her staff, and the Football Association’s director of women’s football Sue Campbell and chief executive Mark Bullingham. Ms Campbell said the visit was ‘a great boost before we head into the tournament’. She added: ‘It’s great for the players, great for us. He was very engaged and really wanted to understand much more about the women’s game. ‘I think he’s really aware of how much the women’s game is growing and developing, and it’s terrific for all of us to have him here.’ MORE : Prince William goes undercover selling the Big Issue in London Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.