Many of us are looking forward to summer and with it any holidays and plans it may bring. But don’t get caught out doing your shopping at the airport (however long the wait). The limited shops are most likely not going to offer the greenest options and you might get carried away buying stuff you don’t need. So prepare yourself for summer now and save the planet at the same time with these eco-friendly buys. It’s a win, win. About 10,000 tonnes of UV filters are produced each year and they have a devastating effect on our oceans’ ecosystems. Green People has a natural alternative that’s as effective as chemical sunscreen but doesn’t damage reefs or aquatic life. Its organic suncare offers broad-spectrum suncare without the use of harmful chemicals. Buy it for £21 (50ml) from Green People. Ren has produced clean skincare for more than 20 years and now it has partnered with the Surfrider Foundation, which fights to protect our oceans. The brand uses sustainably sourced and upcycled ingredients, and its award-winning Evercalm Global Protection Day Cream comes in new recycled packaging. Buy it for £40 from Ren Skincare. To be classed as plastic negative a brand must remove twice as much plastic waste from the environment as is generated by its supply chain. It’s no mean feat, then, for a period-care business to have this accolade – but Saalt does, thanks to its menstrual cup and leak-proof period underwear. What’s more, the brand has funded the clean-up of 5,000 pounds of plastic waste from Indonesian shores. Buy it for £25 from Saalt. One of the most common organisms harvested from the sea is the natural sea sponge – and this is why Ramer has created the Luxury Drench Sponge. It’s an ethical alternative designed to mimic the texture of the plant-like animal. Look no further for a luxury experience without raiding Mother Nature’s beauty cupboard. Buy it for £5.99 from Ramer Sponges. Childs Farm bottles are made with PCR Prevented Ocean Plastic and lids are 100 per cent recyclable. Extra large refill bottles are available to help regular customers reduce plastic use and all ingredients are responsibly sourced and vegan. Buy bottles from £2.63 at Childs Farm. Spinnaker Watches has teamed up with the Marine Conservation Society to launch a timepiece that’s released today. The limited-edition watch is named after noted Austrian marine biologist and diving pioneer Hans Hass, and sales of each one will help fund the society’s work towards cleaner and better-protected oceans. Buy it for £375 at Spinnaker Watches. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. MORE : How to do the bottleneck bob – summer’s answer to cool girl hair MORE : Nespresso launches two new iced coffee pods for summer MORE : How to attend the best music festivals this summer without paying for a ticket