Two years of on-and-off Covid measures meant many couples were forced to change, cancel or postpone their wedding plans. Thankfully, large-scale and unrestricted nuptials have resumed – much to the relief of bride and grooms-to-be everywhere. However, when it comes to getting married, there’s not just the venue, cake, music and guests to think about – but the honeymoon, too. And research has shed light on the most sought-after honeymoon destinations of 2022 – with a surprising top spot. A new survey by Expedia has revealed honeymoon preferences and it seems lots of couples are willing to go all out on their trips. More than half (53%) of prospective newlyweds plan to spend more on their honeymoon than they originally budgeted for and an even higher percentage (59%) said they’re now considering visiting a ‘bucket list destination.’ Honeymoon renewal is also a key trend for this year – AKA, pandemic newlyweds looking to re-do their trip. Likewise, 83% of couples say they’re planning multiple honeymoons – to really make the most of it. ‘Coming out of the pandemic, couples are clearly determined to have an epic honeymoon,’ says Christie Hudson, head of PR, from Expedia. ‘For many couples that will include flights, luxurious accommodations and even romantic in-destination activities.’ In terms of the most popular destinations, the UK scooped the top spot as the most sought-after place for a post-pandemic honeymoon. Perhaps following on from the pandemic-related staycation trend. It was followed by Dubai in second place – a spot known for its great beaches and luxury – and (perhaps unsurprisingly) the city of love, Paris, ranked third. Two spots in the US are behind – with Florida and LA ranking fourth and fifth place, respectively. While destinations in Europe and the Caribbean also made it into the top 10. You can find the full list below. MORE : I married my partner after he died MORE : Neither my wife or I have relationships with our dads – so when we married we took our mums’ names MORE : Woman marries herself in India’s first-ever ‘solo wedding’