Three Met officers exchanged racist messages on a Whatsapp group, including a sick comparison between Meghan Markle and a golliwog. PC Sukhdev Jeer, PC Paul Hefford and former officer Richard Hammond are going through an employment tribunal. If the allegations are found to amount to gross misconduct they will be thrown out of the force. Shocking revelations from the hearing came to light on the same day Scotland Yard was informed it is being put in special measures after a string of scandals. Vishal Misra, for the Met, told the Fulham tribunal that PC Jeer contributed to the group the most, followed by PC Hefford and then former PC Hammond. The trio were all part of a unit at Bethnal Green Police Station and were members of a WhatsApp group called ‘But They Promised’ that was active between January and December 2018. Giving a ‘flavour’ of the kind of messages shared, Mr Misra said: ‘All of the content in the log is submitted to be explicitly racist, homophobic, sexist, ableist and Islamaphobic.’ He added: ‘All of the respondents failed to challenge one another with regards to the content being posted.’ The tribunal was told PC Jeer shared an image of a racist doll with the caption: ‘A sneak preview at Meghan’s wedding dress.’ He also posted an image of a young boy in a hoodie captioned as a ‘monkey in the jungle’ and superimposed with an image of a penis. PC Hefford allegedly superimposed the same image with a disabled person. Former PC Hammond is said to have sent a ‘discriminatory message’ about the London borough of Tower Hamlets. The Met says the group was active for a year, describing the behaviour as a ‘persistent and prolonged failure by all of the respondents to adhere to the relevant professional standards’. Mr Mirsa added: ‘The communities that are lampooned by all of the respondents in the WhatsApp group form part of the communities that they police.’ All three officers deny that their behaviour amounts to gross misconduct. Giving evidence, PC Jeer, 47, said he was ‘ashamed’ of the content he shared. He said: ‘I hate to be associated with this. I find it embarrassing that I had to account for this. I’m not this kind of person. ‘I have shared stuff in the past which…is not something that should be accepted in society and we have seen that. ‘I have not shared anything since 2018 that remotely even looks like this. I have grown.’ The tribunal continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.