Kate Moss, Stella McCartney, Noel Gallagher, Bruce Springsteen, and Cara Delevingne looked to be having a ball at Glastonbury, and oh to be part of that iconic crew. The legends of fashion and music posed together in a totally star-studded snap after Bruce joined headliner Sir Paul McCartney for an epic performance. Noel, who also performed with his band the High Flying Birds, took a moment to appreciate his fellow musician, giving us an (almost) smile in the incredible snap posted to Stella’s Instagram. Next to him was model and actress Cara, who rocked sunnies and gave a pout, while Kate and Stella cuddled up to a smiley Bruce (because truly, why not?). Also smiling away was former model turned nutritionist Rosemary Ferguson. ‘Bruce and the mosh pit crew x,’ Stella wrote. Kate, 48, was spotted throughout the weekend at the iconic Somerset festival, getting in the spirit by rocking wellies along with jeans and a sparkly top. She enjoyed watching performances including Primal Scream on the John Peel Stage on Saturday. Elsewhere at the festival, Billie Eilish, Sir Paul and Kendrick Lamar stunned with their headlining performances, while Lorde, Pet Shop Boys, and Olly Alexander also brought the party. Meanwhile, Diana Ross drew one of the biggest crowds of the entire festival for her legends slot on Sunday. Kate has clearly been preparing for the British summer recently, as she also made the most of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee weekend, riding in an open-top bus in a Union Jack outfit during the pageant. Kate was part of the procession, dancing and blowing kisses to crowds of fans from an open-top bus alongside makeup legend Charlotte Tilbury. A sweet video of the star also showed her posing alongside a bus emblazoned with her image as she prepared for the big pageant, which was one of the final parts of the weekend’s celebrations to mark Queen Elizabeth II’s 70 years on the throne. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kate Moss ‘hoping for OBE’ following appearance on Platinum Jubilee double decker bus MORE : Kate Moss watches Primal Scream from side of stage at Glastonbury weeks after Johnny Depp gig 