A 65-year-old man died from an unusually severe case of salmonella he caught by eating duck eggs he bought at a country show, an inquest has heard. Niptoon Tavakoli, from Doncaster, Yorkshire, developed one of the worst cases his senior hospital doctor had ever seen, despite allegedly eating the eggs no more than three days after buying them and cooking them thoroughly in June 2019. Within four days of first showing symptoms he was in severe pain, had mottling on his skin and his lips and nails had turned blue, his wife Cheryl said. After being taken to hospital he was treated with antibiotics, but failed to recover. By then it was too late to attempt surgery as the infection had taken hold deep inside his body and he died nine weeks later. Tiptoon, who moved to the UK from Iran when he was 19, had retired from a career in retail management and catering months before he fell sick. Cheryl told the inquest jury: ‘I’d never seen him so fit as he was. He was happy.’ ‘He was enjoying life and waiting for me to join him in his retirement. Lots of plans.’ She said the family bought a box of six eggs from a stall at Messingham Show in Scunthorpe. Her husband had two of the eggs the day after and two more two days later, she said. She added: ‘He fried them really well. He didn’t like eggs too runny.’ He started suffering diarrheoa and vomiting that night, which worsened the following day while she reluctantly travelled to Essex due to a family bereveament. Cheryl said Niptoon had called an ambulance and told her paramedics refused to take him to hospital, giving him advice instead. She returned home the next day and looked after him for another two nights before calling 999 again as she noticed his appearance changing feared he was going into sepsis. The same team of parademics took him to Doncaster Royal Infirmary but did not travel under blue lights and ‘treated him like he was a fussy old man who just had diarrheoa and vomiting’, Cheryl claimed. He had to plead with nurses to be taken out of the waiting room at A&E, she added. Intensive care specialist Dr Jon Maskill, who admitted Niptoon, said: ‘This severity of salmonella, in my experience, is unusual. It’s not something you see a lot of. ‘I’ve been doing intensive care for 27 years. He’s only the second person I’ve come across with this degree of salmonella.’ The inquest continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.