Our bodies change over time – and even a big meal can be the difference between clothes fitting perfectly and feeling uncomfortable. Some days you wake up and have to force yourself into your favourite jeans, with denim being a particularly unruly material to work with. To avoid this hassle of buying new pairs every time your dress size changes, George at Asda came up with a unique invention; Wonderfit Jeans. These jeans fit comfortably across three sizes (so a size small will fit a size 8, 10, and 12, while medium will flatter and fit a size 14, 16, and 18) with the supermarket saying that each pair is ‘like a second skin’. Made using a specialised fabric, they’ll keep their shape while you’re wearing them. When you wash them, they’ll go back to the smallest size. In black and indigo colourways and with bootcut and skinny styles to choose from, they’re the perfect throw-on, goes-with-everything buy. The eco-conscious among us will be happy to know that the Wonderfit Jean is also better for the people who produce it and better for the environment it grows in, sourced from Responsible Cotton and as part of The Better Cotton initiative. The best part? They’re only £20. Since the launch of Wonderfit skinny jeans in 2015, 1.7 million pairs have been sold, prompting George to design new styles and cuts. ‘I have been buying these jeans for the last five years,’ said one reviewer on the Asda website. ‘They fit so well, I wouldn’t buy any other jeans.’ Another wrote: ‘I took one look at these jeans and my first thought was there’s no way these will fit me. Wow was I wrong. ‘There is so much give, so easy to get on and so comfortable, so happy to say they fit perfect… Best jeans I’ve ever bought.’ Ready to get jeans that fit you, rather than trying to fit into your jeans? View the Wonderfit range here: This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The world’s first shoulder child carrier is a must-have for family adventures MORE : Pensioner finally passes his maths GCSE at the age of 92