Every parent will know the feeling of finally getting your little one to sleep after hours spent soothing them. To help babies sleep, it’s important to ensure they have the right environment – but that’s not always easy. Sometimes it feels like the slightest light or noise can wake young children, which is far from ideal if you live in a busy area or a home that gets lots of sunlight. One product that’s been a huge hit with sleep-deprived parents is the Tommee Tippee Sleeptime Portable Blackout Blind – and it’s available at a reduced price now. Perfect for travel and times when your regular curtains just won’t cut it, this has suction cups that can be easily affixed to any window. That’s great news for renters, who are limited in terms of the permanent renovations they’re permitted to make. It’s made in a lightweight fabric (with the whole blind weighing in at just 320g) too, so you can pack up these blinds and take them wherever baby will be napping. Fastenings allow you to change the size for different windows going up to 130 x 99cm. Plus, it can be put in the wash at up to 40C. Don’t just take our word for it. One reviewer said of the blind: ‘So far the best purchase I’ve made for my little one, and it does black out the sun for my little one during his afternoon nap.’ Another wrote: ‘This suction blind has been a complete lifesaver, especially in the summer when it is so bright at bedtime. No more meltdowns or playing for hours, my children go straight to sleep.’ The blind is currently available with a 24% discount, reduced from £34.99 to £19.26 on Amazon. When you’ve barely slept in weeks, that seems like a small price to pay. Buy the Tommee Tippee Sleeptime Portable Blackout Blind at Amazon now. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘So lightweight and powerful’: Cleanfluencers swear by this vacuum that’s less than half the price of a Dyson MORE : Instagram-worthy rugs that you can pop in the washing machine now on sale