The thought of adding more money to your bank account after payday can for many feel an unlikely prospect. For most of us, it’s a cycle of paying the mortgage or rent, bills, memberships and subscriptions, food shopping and general living expenses – and then hoping there’s a bit left to get by on until it’s time to get paid again. It needn’t be like this. For there’s money to be made from your clutter – as long as you know the best places to sell it. How many of us have clothes in our wardrobes that we don’t wear anymore? Or books on our shelves that we’re not going to read (again)? Whether you want to embrace a more environmentally-friendly way to get rid of unwanted items, or want some extra cash to deal with rising costs (or more likely both), second-hand marketplaces are thriving. Research company eBay Ads found that searches for ‘upcycled’ increased by 40% between December 2021 and January 2022.  Related searches for ‘second hand’ rose by 24%. So, where’s best to sell? The most obvious, and well-known, answer is eBay, which boasts 109 million users per month. Yet Which? research has found that challengers, such as Facebook Marketplace and Gumtree, fare as well as eBay, while Vinted scores higher when it comes to customer scores. We found clothes are the most commonly sold things on second-hand marketplaces, with books, furniture and games following closely behind. Once you’ve identified what you’d like to flog, it’s good to understand how best to sell it. The first thing to do is write a detailed description. If it’s clothing, then including the size, condition and any signs of wear and tear will ensure you aren’t misrepresenting anything. Also try to include lots of good-quality photos of the item. The last thing you want is for a potential buyer to send something back because it doesn’t match the description – not least because it could negatively impact your seller rating, which might make buyers less willing to deal with you. Likewise, if you’re selling an item like a board game and there are pieces missing, don’t leave that out. If you’re not sure what price to list an item for, do some research to see how much similar items are going for. Some marketplaces, like eBay, will give you the option to put something up at a ‘buy it now’ price, as well as the chance to put it up for auction. There are also options to set reserve prices on items, so if it doesn’t reach the minimum amount you want, you don’t have to sell. Also make sure you understand your market. If you’re selling high-value items, like designer clothing, then it might be better to look at other marketplaces that have authentication services such as HEWI or Vestiaire Collective. Lastly, pay attention to the platform’s terms and conditions. Some will place obligations on sellers to dispatch items within a certain number of days or deliver them in a certain way, and getting caught out could lead to receiving bad feedback, which could affect your seller rating. The most expensive item ever sold on eBay was a 405ft megayacht for $168million. You’re unlikely to make that much, but you might find that your clutter could turn into an extra £30, £50 or £100, which could make a big difference until payday. Find out more about selling online at Which?. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Three money saving tips for savvy festival-goers this summer MORE : 50 tips for saving energy (and money) on your home appliances