Around 20 million deaths worldwide were prevented by the Covid vaccine in its first year alone, a study has found. The reduction amounts to nearly two-thirds the death toll scientists expected had the rollout not been successful. Researchers from Imperial College London used data from 185 countries to estimated that, without vaccines, 31.4 million people would have died in the 12 months from December 2020. The researchers said they had expected a large number, but the final results of their modelling took them by surprise. The findings also suggest that, despite numerous supply obstacles, the rollout only marginally short of its realistic life-saving potential. Another 600,000 deaths could have been avoided if the World Health Organisation (WHO) target of vaccinating 40% of the global population by December 2021 had been met – around 3% of the estimated lives saved. However this shortfall rose to around 20% in poorer countries. Co-lead author Dr Oliver Watson told Sky News: ‘Our findings show that millions of lives have likely been saved by making vaccines available to people everywhere, regardless of their wealth. ‘However, more could have been done. ‘If the targets set out by the WHO had been achieved, we estimate that roughly one in five of the estimated lives lost due to COVID-19 in low-income countries could have been prevented.’ The researchers said there nonetheless a pressing need to ensure poorer countries have access to enough vaccines. They said: ‘COVID-19 vaccination has substantially altered the course of the pandemic, saving tens of millions of lives globally ‘However, inadequate access to vaccines in low-income countries has limited the impact in these settings, reinforcing the need for global vaccine equity and coverage.’ The WHO said last month that almost a billion people in low-income countries remain unvaccinated. It blamed ‘misinformation and disinformation’ for turning people against the jab, as well as ‘insufficient political commitment to roll out vaccines’ in some countries. Only 57 countries, most of which are developed economies, have been able to meet a targeted vaccination rate of 70%. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 