Sajid Javid has created a ‘seismic shift’ in the discussion surrounding mental health, campaigners say. The health secretary has been working with charity PAPYRUS to encourage more people to speak out when they’re struggling. Last year alone, there were more than 5,000 suicides in England. Suicide remains the biggest cause of death in men under the age of 50. Mr Javid’s own brother, Tariq, took his own life in 2018. Speaking openly about the tragedy this week, the health secretary told The Sunday Times: ‘We learned afterwards that he had a physical health problem that he hadn’t told anyone about . . . and if we had just known, if he had talked to us, perhaps we could have done something. ‘So you think about that. Maybe I could have made a difference. And I guess I will never know the answer to that.’ The traumatic experience encouraged him to take the time to reach out to friends and family, especially during the pandemic, and be aware of the early signs of a mental health struggle. Campaigners hope that Mr Javid’s comments will empower others to reach out to loved ones and discuss mental health. The health secretary’s speech, at a Papyrus event in London, was described as a ‘game-changer’ by the charity’s chief executive. Ged Flynn said: ‘A senior, serving minister in the government sharing his experience of losing his own brother Tariq to suicide four years ago was public exposure of deeply personal and private pains ‘The significance of his speech cannot be overstated. It was a seismic shift in the societal conversation. ‘When somebody in such a high-profile position of leadership in our country dares to break the silence around suicide and links that to their own personal story, stigma is reduced. ‘Sajid Javid said that “keeping quiet can kill.” Many stay silent, suffering privately with thoughts of ending their own lives. We want people to speak about and ask about suicide, seek help and find it.’ Mr Javid was at the London offices of PAPYRUS to announce a new strategy for England which will focus on reducing suicides. The government’s new 10-year-plan will explore a new surveillance programme that will look out for patterns that put people at risk and look into the effect of social media. Ahead of Mr Javid’s speech he attended a round table event at which key stakeholders in suicide prevention shared their ideas for the new action plan. During his visit, the politician held a private meeting with parents bereaved by suicide including Harry Biggs-Davison, the chair of trustees at Papyrus, whose son Patrick took his own life. He also met Philip Pirie whose son Tom died by suicide. Mr Flynn added: ‘Government has recognised its own responsibility to prioritise suicide prevention and support for those who need it. ‘Like the Secretary of State, PAPYRUS refuses to be silent. Sajid Javid’s brave speech is a game-changer. ‘It must now be matched with a brave, ambitious action plan which impels all parties, all government departments, all communities and every citizen to play their part.’ PAPYRUS is marking 25 years since it was founded by a group of bereaved parents. This Saturday, a group will be trekking up the Lake District’s Scafell Pike in a bid to raise both funds and awareness for the charity. They’ll be doing it as part of this year’s Metro.co.uk Lifeline campaign, which is raising money for PAPYRUS. The team is made up of Metro readers and charity supporters, including those who have been personally affected by the loss of a loved one to suicide. You can read their stories here. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.