Tyson Fury is ready to end his brief retirement and says he looking to make ‘something big, big, big’ happen in the ring, though he is not thinking about a unification fight until Anthony Joshua and Oleksandr Usyk have had their rematch. The Gypsy King knocked out Dillian Whyte at Wembley Stadium in April to retain his WBC heavyweight title, claiming afterwards that he had decided to walk away from the sport. However, after several weeks of teasing a potential return, Fury has now confirmed his intention to continue fighting and could even have an exhibition match while he waits to see who emerges victorious in Joshua’s rematch with Usyk. ‘We’ve got very exciting news coming, I think the world’s been waiting for a plan of action,’ Fury said in an interview with promoter Frank Warren on Tuesday on the latter’s Queensberry Promotions YouTube channel. ‘We had a long conversation about lots of stuff, and Frank, do you wanna take it from here?’ Warren then took over, saying: ‘We looked at a couple of scenarios, I spoke to Tyson again today, and we’ve hopefully come up with something that Tyson wants to do. We were talking about various scenarios, maybe an exhibition bout – we don’t know, but something will come out of it. ‘Once Tyson’s happy, then I’ll be happy, and whatever’s gonna be will be. It goes without saying that the public will want to see Tyson back in the ring, where he’s king. I wanna see that. ‘I get where Tyson is, and I understand what he’s said, and people decide they’re gonna retire and come back in a couple of years’ time. I like fellas to fight when they’re in their prime, and for me, Tyson Fury isn’t in his prime [yet]. I’m sure we’re gonna have some good news that we can be announcing fairly soon.’ Pressed on whether he would definitely be back in the ring again, Fury himself said: ‘One hundred per cent. Frank, show me the money! We’re gonna make something big, big, big happen. Hopefully you’ll see me in the ring again sometime soon.’ However, Fury’s return to the ring will not be against the winner of Usyk-Joshua II – which is expected to be held in Saudi Arabia in August, though has yet to be confirmed – with the 33-year-old suggesting he has something else lined up before then to stay in shape. ‘There’s something to be really excited about, but it doesn’t involve Usyk or Joshua at this moment,’ Fury continued. ‘I will make a decision on all this. I’ve only just fought, not even three months ago. I wouldn’t be expected to fight until October, November, December anyway.’ Fury did open the door to a unification fight later in the year, though, and believes Usyk will once against emerge victorious against ‘bodybuilder’ Joshua. He added: ‘When this middleweight knocks out this bodybuilder, there’s only gonna be one man to sort this absolute circus out, isn’t there? I am a prize-fighter and I do fight for prizes, but it’s gonna cost if you want me to do a mission on this middleweight and show you what a real heavyweight does to him. ‘That’s gonna be expensive, you’re gonna have to have deep pockets, and we can even talk then. Until [they fight], I’m gonna stay in Morecambe, training like a lunatic.’ MORE : Former boxing champion who once fought Mike Tyson knocks out rowdy customer while working as a bouncer MORE : ‘Biggest load of rubbish ever!’ – Tyson Fury slams reports he is in negotiations to fight Anthony Joshua vs Oleksandr Uyk winner For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 