A mum-of-two killed her partner by ‘throwing’ a large kitchen knife which lodged four inches into his chest, a jury has heard. Hayley Keating, 31, is accused of murdering Matthew Wormleighton, who previously told friends she was a ‘nutter but the sex was really good’. In the early hours of May 14 last year, she grabbed a knife from the kitchen and launched it at her boyfriend of three years in a drink and drug fuelled rage, prosecutors claim. Jurors at Bristol Crown Court heard how the blade dug 10 centimetres into the dad-of-two’s chest at the couple’s home in Yeovil, Somerset. The trial heard how Keating immediately rang emergency services saying she’d stabbed her partner, but prosecutor Jo Martin QC said this account ‘may not be right’. She told the court how the defendant now says ‘she threw the knife in his direction’ and that ‘she does not know how he became injured, and she cannot remember what happened’. Miss Martin said the jury should consider how the knife ended up 10 centimeters deep in the victim’s chest and whether Keating threw it or held it in her hand as she stabbed him. She said the defendant was ‘angry and upset’ because her partner was ‘trying to leave her’ and that her mood was exacerbated by drink and drugs. Jurors heard how the defence’s case is that the victim was violent towards Keating in the past and frightened her on the night in question. The court was told that Mr Wormleighton was controlling and coercive towards Keating, who the prosecution say may suffer from a mental illness which leads to an inability to maintain self control. The victim had two previous significant relationships and neither woman said he was violent or controlling but ‘caring, generous and a loveable rogue’. Keating was described as being ‘funny, entertaining and kind’ but ‘over the top’ in her behaviour. Jurors heard how both of them used alcohol and cocaine and suffered with depression. Keating denies murder and her trial continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.