A money savvy mum managed to clear £40,000 of credit card debt through yellow sticker shopping – and now she’s helping other parents save cash. Maddy Alexander-Grout, from Southampton, Hampshire, got into debt after taking out dozens of credit cards and loans while at university in the early 2000s. Eventually, her shame reached a breaking point and she had to take drastic action. The mum-of-two went to supermarkets multiple times a week to look for yellow sticker produce to keep costs down. Thanks to this and a strict budget, she’s now debt-free. Maddy said: ‘I go to the shops up around five or six times a week looking around the reduced to clear section or live off tin tomatoes on toast. ‘I also used to pick up a lot of meat which I’d be able to freeze and use when I liked. I once remember getting a massive pack of sausages for 16p. ‘Likewise, I’d also make sure to buy a lot of fish produce too. Prawns are generally on offer in these sections, but sometimes there would be really good quality cod fillets too.’ Even after her careful scrimping cleared Maddy’s debts, the mum continues to stick to her thrifty habits. ‘Despite clearing my debts, I still yellow sticker shop now,’ she said. ‘On jubilee weekend I got pizza, chicken, mini cheesecakes and more – all reduced.’ And she has some top tips for anyone planning to do the same. She shared: ‘It’s really important when yellow sticker shopping to think about how and what you can make with these meals. ‘Sometimes there are salads in the reduced section which are great to have with meals. Sometimes you can also get fruit which I used for smoothies. ‘It’s essential to think about your cupboard staples too like rice, pasta, spices. If you’re going to shop this way you need to make sure you have stuff to go with. ‘Sometimes you have to bite the bullet and bulk buy with the staples. I bought a spice kit that cost me £4 and I’ve used this for nearly a year now. ‘I have honestly saved thousands shopping this way, I literally couldn’t work out how much money. But saving this way cleared my debts.’ She’s now sharing her knowhow on her website My VIP Rewards, offering discounts on supermarket shopping, high street shopping, theme parks, beauty salons, cafes, and more. Maddy set the company up on 2017 after clearing her debts, and shares her tips and tricks on her TikTok, @maddyaboutmoney. Maddy said: ‘During lockdown the app was difficult because most of the things we offer discounts for were closed. ‘However, I’m so pleased we did it now. Families need discounts like these more than ever now.’ If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum shares tips to save money and occupy kids during summer holidays MORE : Three money saving tips for savvy festival-goers this summer MORE : Martin Lewis’ tips to save money on fuel as prices continue to surge