Kevin Costner has shared some of the biggest difficulties he’s faced while filming Yellowstone, emphasising how hard it can be to be away from home. This week, the Hollywood icon was in London for the launch of Paramount Plus in the UK, joining stars including Sylvester Stallone, Graham Norton and Naomie Harris on the blue carpet. The arrival of the streaming platform means that fans in the UK will have easier access to his neo-Western TV series Yellowstone, which originally premiered in 2018 and stars the actor as John Dutton, the patriarch of the Dutton family who runs their ranch. While speaking to Metro.co.uk, Kevin was asked to share the greatest challenge he experienced when making the show, which also boasts Luke Grimes, Kelly Reilly and Wes Bentley in the cast. The 67-year-old began by detailing the gruelling schedule when creating a production, replying: ‘The challenge? Well it’s getting up every morning. The hours of making movies are terrible. It’s six o’clock, it’s dark, and sometimes it’s dark when you come home.’ He went on to explain how much he wants to watch his children growing up at home, adding: ‘The challenges aren’t what you really think, they’re from being away from home, that’s a challenge. The kids are growing up and you want to see everything they do.’ He continued: ‘So I don’t think of it as a challenge – it’s kind of an endurance race. Movies take a long time to make.’ Kevin – who previously starred in films including Field of Dreams, Dances with Wolves and The Bodyguard – has seven children. He had three children with his first wife Cindy Silva, who he was married to from 1978 to 1994. His fourth child, who he shares with Bridget Rooney, was born in 1996, while he has three more children with his wife Christine Baumgartner, the youngest of whom was born in 2010. In 2018, Kevin opened up about his family life, explaining how he’s ‘played two roles’ in his life as an actor and a father. ‘Movies are magic, and they’ve always been magic to me. You get to play heroes in the movies, but there’s a moment in time where you’re just a father and you get to go home,’ he told Closer. ‘I have played two roles in my life, one I get paid to do, which is the movies, and the other one is being a father, for which I’ll be rewarded my whole life.’ Yellowstone will be available to watch on Paramount Plus when the platform launches in the UK on Wednesday June 22. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sylvester Stallone opens up on decision to ‘bow out’ as Rocky in Creed III as film takes franchise in ‘different direction’ MORE : Graham Norton finds possibility of Eurovision being hosted in UK instead of Ukraine ‘bittersweet’ 