If you live in London or have to travel to London at any point over the next few days, it’s not likely to be the best week you’ve ever had. Travel misery began this morning as emergency train timetables were put in place ahead of what is set to be the biggest rail strike in modern history. The strikes are scheduled for tomorrow, Thursday and Saturday, with the London Underground also affected tomorrow and a knock-on impact expected across the other days of the week. Entire lines will be closed tomorrow when Network Rail staff are joined by workers from 13 different operators in a mass walkout. It’s over pay and conditions, and unions have warned the action could continue until Christmas if an agreement isn’t reached. But if you still can’t avoid going to London for something important, how are you going to get around? The roads are likely to be a nightmare – including buses and taxis – but the weather is thankfully expected to be fine. So walking could be an option, depending on your route. Transport for London (TfL) actually has a handy walking Tube map which reveals how many minutes on average it takes to walk between stations. TfL wrote alongside the map: ‘Walking can be a quick and easy way to get around, particularly when travelling during the busiest times, which are 5.45am-8.15am and 4pm-5.30pm, Monday to Friday. ‘This map shows how much time it takes to walk between stations on the same line.’ The results are pretty handy, with most stations in central London under 10 minutes away from one another. This we lots of us knew anyway, and most of us aren’t lucky enough to live in central London, so looking slightly further afield is where things start to get interesting. For example, walking from Elephant and Castle to London Bridge will only take 22 minutes – which is doable, right? Camden Town to Euston also only takes 19 minutes. Caledonian Road to King’s Cross takes 27 minutes, and Highbury and Islington to King’s Cross takes 35 minutes – two very busy Tube routes usually. But if you live in Canada Water and you’re going to Canary Wharf you may have to think again, as the walk is apparently a whopping 144 minutes (the River Thames gets sort of in the way). Find the map in full here to see if you could walk to work – but note it doesn’t yet include the Elizabeth Line. READ MORE: What train lines are affected by the RMT action? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.