Money is tight for many of us right now, which makes it the perfect timing for the launch of a new budget supermarket. Swedish retailer Motatos started trading in the UK this week, offering branded products, such as Heinz, Kellogg’s and Cadbury, at up to 60% less than other supermarkets. You’re probably wondering how this is possible given the increase in prices everywhere else – but it’s all to do with reducing waste. Motatos sells long-life products that would otherwise risk ending up in landfill due to changes in packaging, seasonal changes, or short best before dates. There’s nothing wrong with the items you’re buying and sell-by dates are all intact. Rather than sending stock to landfill, however, retailers sell them to Motatos who pass on the savings to the customer. The brand is set to rival supermarkets like Aldi and Lidl, as you can get your hands on everything from Oreos to Doritos for less. As well as offering food and pantry items, consumers will be able to shop household essentials from the likes of Method Finish, Cif, Vanish, TRESemme and Oral B. Plus, you can feel secure in the knowledge that you’re doing something to reduce the 9.5 million tonnes of food waste produced in a single year in the UK. The company has already saved 40,000 tonnes of food and consumer products from going to waste in the Nordics and Germany, and has a goal to save a further 20,000 tonnes in its first five years over here. Motatos UK Country Manager, Christabel Biella commented: ‘The cost of living crisis is affecting all sectors and UK shoppers are looking for ways to cut down their monthly spend without compromising on all the brands that they love. ‘With prices surging, Motatos is hoping to make a real difference to consumers by offering savvy savings, allowing them to be sustainability-minded and reduce waste.’ Check out Motatos here. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why you need to lower your expectations for the sake of your mental health MORE : The average solo first-time buyer now needs a £74,000 deposit to get on the ladder