Whatever you feel like doing in your free time today, use it wisely. You never know what could happen if you take a ten-minute break, hang out with old friends or go to that lunch spot you’ve been eyeing up for a while. Alone time is a good idea, Libra. Sagittarius, it’s time to chat to that friend now. Go for it. Capricorn. Today is a day to indulge yourself. Because why not? Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for June 8, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 Feel saddened by the plight of the world, and all the ongoing issues? The urge to do something might be strong, but helping out locally where you can could also be appreciated. Need to solve a mystery? You’ll find it easy to peel back the layers and gain an understanding of what’s happening. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 A dynamic blend of energies suggests your preference can be to think big. There might be no plan that is too grand. Your confidence could inspires others to be bold. Even so, it might be sensible to get practical advice rather than rush. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Ease up where possible, and be kind to yourself. Once you’ve got your tasks out of the way, ten minutes here or there could leave you refreshed. Throw in some pampering, and you’ll feel even better. Need to get something sorted? Your power of organisation is strong. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 This might be a time to explore the pleasures of life. If you have the time and inclination, then invite some friends to join you for a relaxed outing that you can all relish. You deserve this opportunity to unwind, especially if the pressure has been on recently and you need a break from it all. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 You might feel like hiding away and wrapping yourself up in pleasant dreams. It might be more helpful to face reality and resolve any ongoing issues before they develop further. This can be especially so if you are hoping a financial issue will go away, when it could be swiftly resolved. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Want something from someone? Admitting to it might be another matter, if you’re embarrassed to ask for it. You might get insights into why you feel awkward. If you can overcome this barrier, then a much-coveted opportunity could be yours. If you steer clear though, you might regret it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Enjoy some alone time. It might not be for long, but a chance to reflect could do you so much good. Has something been on your mind? You’ll be ready to go in search of some help. Set your mind at ease. If it’s something you’re worried about, you’ll feel better for taking action. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 You might be more sensitive than usual to whatever is going on, and this includes a budding romance. You might pick up on something you hadn’t noticed before. It could be the whisper of a feeling about this person, but it can be worth looking into. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 A friendship who seemed quiet recently could benefit from a get-together. The same can be said of a developing bond that might have appeared rather on and off. Whatever has kept you apart might be resolved if you can talk about it over coming days. Leaving this, could make things worse. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 In a generous mood? You’ll be happy to do anything to make others feel good. Even so, extending this attitude to someone who might have let you down could mean a lot to them. You might get pleasure from an outing, or from indulging in a hobby that leaves you upbeat. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Your spirited mood could be just what’s needed to help a friend feel better. If someone you know appears to have lost their spark, then asking them out for a coffee and a chat might find them brightening as you talk. Even if you don’t see them again for a while, when you next connect, they may thank you. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Things might not always be as they seem. Your perspective could be skewed, or you might make an embarrassing mistake. But this is also time to give your imagination free reign. If you have a project in mind, give it a special beauty, especially if it needs a creative or an arty touch. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for June 5 to June 11 MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you