Frank Williams, best known for starring in Dad’s Army, has died at the age of 90. A statement shared on his Facebook page by his loved ones confirmed the news. It read: ‘So sorry to say that our beloved friend, colleague and actor, Frank Williams, passed away this morning. ‘He was almost 91, and we are grateful for all the years of joy, laughter and happiness he brought to so many. Thank you Frank! x.’ Williams starred as Reverend Timothy Farthing in the BBC comedy, joining the cast in 1969 and appearing on and off until the very last episode in 1977. Born in Edgeware, London, Williams started his career in theatre, but went on to see success in television. As well as his role as Timothy in Dad’s Army, which saw his character embroiled in all sorts of misadventures, Williams appeared in shows like You Rang, M’Lord?, Hi-de-Hi! and What’s Up Nurse. He also appeared in various films, including Inn for Trouble Just for Fun, Hide and Seek, and Headline Hunters. However, most notably in 2016, he became the only member of the original cast to reprise his role for the Dad’s Army film. His co-star Ian Lavender also appeared, but in a different role. He’s quoted as saying of his time on Dad’s Army: ‘It was the happiest period of my professional life.’ The actor was also very religious, serving three terms as a representative of the diocese of London in the General Synod. Tributes have poured in, with one fan writing: ‘Ah very sad to hear of the death of Frank Williams, who played the Reverend Timothy Farthing in Dads Army and was an actual member of General Synod. A glorious vision of ministry- well done, good and faithful servant.’ Another said: ‘Very sad to hear that Frank Williams has died. He was a wonderfully fastidious foil to the platoon in Dad’s Army and by all accounts a thoroughly nice man. Flags at half mast in Walmington-on-Sea. Only Ian Lavender left now from one of TV’s most perfect ensembles.’ MORE : Blind Date’s legendary voiceover Graham Skidmore dies aged 90