Love Island viewers were in fits of laughter imagining footballer Michael Owen watching his daughter Gemma Owen get intimate with Luca Bish in the hideaway. Gemma and Luca took their romance to the next step as their fellow Islanders nominated them to spend a night alone together in the hideaway. The 19-year-old got dolled up to the nines in a sexy black number to join Luca (in his boxers and hoodie) for a special night, which surely had football icon Michael hiding behind his hands. While it doesn’t seem like Gemma and Luca, 23, did the deed, there was definitely an atmosphere, with the two ending the night cuddled up close and kissing in bed. Taking to Twitter to react, fans joked that Michael would be ‘in tears’ watching his teenage daughter snuggle up to her lover in lace underwear, with one teasing that he’ll be ‘phoning up Ofcom’ to complain. ‘Close your eyes bro,’ one viewer tweeted to the footballer, with another writing: ‘I know Michael Owen told ITV not to put the entire clip from the hideaway.’ ‘I know Michael Owen is sick right now,’ one tweeted. Another penned: ‘I really hope Michael Owen isn’t watching tonight.’ However, not everyone was here for the remarks, with several stating that the dad of four doesn’t ‘own’ his kids. ‘I hate all these Michael Owen jokes in regards to Gemma’s sexuality. We’re all s****ing and we all have dads. This isn’t the medieval times, dad’s don’t own their daughters. It’s never done about the guys’, one person tweeted. Another person wrote: ‘I don’t get the comments saying Michael Owen should beat Luca up. He doesn’t OWN his daughter?’. This wasn’t the first time Gemma and Luca got up close and personal in the villa, as they raised eyebrows at home on Wednesday with some toe action. It would be and understatement to say viewers were horrified when they saw the fishmonger playfully sucking on Gemma’s toes in bed, suggesting that it just wasn’t ‘acceptable’ for producers to air. On the other hand, the public embraced Gemma’s flirtatious side when she jokingly opened her towel and flashed Luca later on, leaving him giddy after seeing her bare chest while he showered outside. The pair have gone from strength to strength over recent weeks, with Gemma even suggesting that she could see herself falling in love with Luca. Time for us to buy a hat? Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amanda Holden bans 16-year-old daughter Lexi from going on Love Island: ‘Mama said no!’ MORE : Love Island quiz: How many of these past contestants do you remember? 