An ‘old school’ boss has been ordered to pay his former assistant compensation over sexist remarks that he made. Leslie Easton, 78, told Tina Donlon to take off her clothes, hinted that she should perform oral sex and sent her more than 100 offensive messages. She took the window-glazing firm owner to tribunal after an incident in June 2017 when a customer said she was lucky to wear shorts in the office. Easton then walked in and said: ‘Well, we keep telling her to take all her clothes off but she won’t have any of it.’ The customer complained and when his son Justin called Tina in to discuss the incident he said ‘oh well, that’s my dad. He’s old school.’ On another occasion, Tina bent over to pick up a pick she had dropped. Easton said: ‘Oooh, while you’re down there, love…’ In September 2018, Easton added her to a WhatsApp group where he sent 146 memes and 31 videos that were all offensive in some way. Employment judge Corinna Ferguson said: ‘We would describe them collectively as extremely distasteful, crude and many are shockingly racist. ‘Around 50 of the memes are of a sexual nature. Some are simply bad, misogynistic jokes. Others include pornographic images. One includes a doctored image of a young naked boy with adult genitals. ‘We find it extraordinary that a director and owner of a company would send messages of this nature to any employee. ‘Tina did not find the messages funny, she felt humiliated and victimised by receiving them. ‘We accept that they had the effect, even if not the purpose, of violating Tina’s dignity, or creating an intimidating, hostile, degrading, humiliating or offensive environment for her. ‘These were extremely offensive messages sent by the owner and director of the company to a junior employee.’ Tina repeatedly asked Easton to remove her from the WhatsApp group, as she did not know how to leave herself, but he ignored all these requests. Eventually, she asked her daughter to help her leave the group in February 2020. After the mum was fired three months later, she hand-delivered a letter to Easton complaining about his ‘constant sexual remarks’. Judge Ferguson found Tina to be a victim of sexual harassment and a ‘veiled threat’ Easton had sent her over text. She was awarded £15,000 in compensation – for injury to feelings – and £4,000 interest. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.