Russia says it has withdrawn from Snake Island off Ukraine’s Black Sea coast in what it calls a ‘gesture of goodwill’. The defence ministry claimed the move shows Moscow is not impeding United Nations efforts to organise a humanitarian corridor to export Ukrainian agricultural products. Snake Island, which Russia occupied on the first day of its invasion, achieved worldwide fame when border guards stationed there rejected calls to surrender. Footage showed the Ukrainian soldiers telling sailors aboard the Moskva warship to ‘go f**k yourself’ over a loudspeaker. Initially, the guards were said to have been killed, but it later turned out that they were captured by Russian forces and released in March under a prisoner swap. Upon his return, Roman Gribov, the man who told invaders to ‘go f**k themselves’ was awarded a medal for his service and for showing ‘strength and Ukrainian spirit’. While Russia is presenting its withdrawal as a gesture of goodwill, Ukraine is hailing it as a major victory. In recent weeks the embattled nation had been stepping up attacks on the occupied island – inflicting major losses with blistering airstrikes. Since its capture, the 100-acre island has become a prized strategic position for both sides, as it sits around 80 miles off Ukraine’s southern coast. Russia securing the site could have helped it with a future assault on the major port of Odessa. In April the Moskva – the flagship of Russia’s Black Sea fleet – was sunk by a Ukrainian missile. It was a huge symbolic blow, and Moscow spent some time trying to convince the world it was brought down by an accidental fire on board before eventually giving up. A first cargo ship has left the Russian-occupied Ukrainian port of Berdyansk after the waters around it were demined to resume grain shipments, a local official said. Ukraine provides roughly 10% of the world’s wheat, 16% of its maize and half of its sunflower oil. Before the war nearly 90% of the country’s exports left via ports in the Black Sea, so Russia’s blockade has caused chaos among global supply chains. Russia denied accusations that it laid mines in the sea, contributing to a global food crisis, instead turning the allegations around on Kyiv. Meanwhile, in the east, Moscow kept up its push to take control of the entire Donbas region from Ukraine. Russia is focusing on Lysychansk, the last remaining Ukrainian stronghold in the Luhansk province. Kremlin troops and their separatist allies control 95% of Luhansk and about half of Donetsk, the two provinces that make up the mostly Russian-speaking Donbas. The Ukrainian General Staff said Russian troops were shelling Lysychansk and clashing with Ukrainian defenders around an oil refinery on the edge of the city. Luhansk Governor Serhiy Haidai said Russian reconnaissance units tried to enter Lysychansk yesterday but were repelled by Ukrainian forces. He said the Russians were trying to block a highway used to deliver supplies and fully encircle the city. Speaking on a visit to Turkmenistan early Thursday, Russian President Vladimir Putin said his goals in Ukraine haven’t changed since the start of the war. He said they were ‘the liberation of the Donbas, the protection of these people and the creation of conditions that would guarantee the security of Russia itself’. He made no mention of his original stated goals to ‘demilitarize’ and ‘de-Nazify’ Ukraine, which many experts said was part of a Kremlin propaganda campaign. Putin denied Russia had adjusted its strategy after failing to take Kyiv in the early stage of the conflict. ‘As you can see, the troops are moving and reaching the marks that were set for them for a certain stage of this combat work. Everything is going according to plan,’ he told a news conference. In central Ukraine, funerals are to be held today for some of the 18 people confirmed killed in Monday’s missile strike on a busy shopping mall in Kremenchuk. Crews continued to search through the rubble in search of another 20 people who remain missing. Investigators have found fragments of eight more bodies, but it is not clear if this means there are more victims as a number of survivors suffered severed limbs. After the attack, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky accused Russia of becoming a ‘terrorist’ state. Yesterday he reproached NATO for not embracing or equipping his embattled country more fully. Speaking via video link to the alliance’s leaders as they met in Madrid, he said: ‘The open-door policy of NATO shouldn’t resemble old turnstiles on Kyiv’s subway, which stay open but close when you approach them until you pay. ‘Hasn’t Ukraine paid enough? Hasn’t our contribution to defending Europe and the entire civilization been sufficient?’ Zelensky asked for more modern artillery systems and other weapons and warned the NATO leaders they either had to provide Ukraine with the help it needed to defeat Russia or ‘face a delayed war between Russia and yourself’. In southern Ukraine, the death toll from yesterday’s Russian missile strike on an apartment building in Mykolaiv rose to six, while another six have been wounded. Mykolaiv is a major port and seizing it – as well as Odesa farther west – would be key to Russia’s objective of cutting off Ukraine from its Black Sea coast. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.