Boris Johnson considered action risking a deliberate breach of his own ministerial code, his ethics adviser said as he quit over the ‘impossible and odious’ position. Downing Street has published Lord Geidt’s resignation letter following his unexpected departure last night. The ethics boss expressed his fury over partygate but said it was another unspecified issue that pushed him to go. He wrote: ‘This week I was tasked to offer a view bout the Government’s intention to consider measures which risk a deliberate and purposeful breach of the Ministerial Code. ‘This request has placed me in an impossible and odious position. ‘My informal response on Monday was that you and any other Minister should justify openly your position vis-a-vis the Code in such circumstances. ‘However, the idea that a Prime Minister might to any degree be in the business of deliberately breaching his own Code is an affront… I can have no part in this. ‘ In his response, the prime minister said he was ‘surprised’ by the resignation after  Lord Geidt expressed his intention to stay on for the rest of the year on Monday. He indicated the issue related to potential future decisions related to the Trade Remedies Authority and insisted he was not looking to breach the code. Mr Johnson said his intention was to seek ‘advice on the national interest in protecting a crucial industry’. He said the unspecified industry ‘is protected in other European countries and would suffer material harm if we do not continue to apply such tariffs’. The PM insisted the matter has previously had cross-party support and that the request would be in line with domestic law ‘but might be seen to conflict’ with the UK’s obligations under the World Trade Organisation. ‘In seeking your advice before any decision was taken, I was looking to ensure that we acted properly with regard to the ministerial code,’ he said. Lord Geidt’s resignation on Wednesday came after he told MPs it was ‘reasonable’ to suggest Mr Johnson broke the code by being fined by police for breaching Covid laws. In his letter, he said he was ‘disappointed’ that the PM did not give a fuller account over how paying the fixed penalty notice did not breach the code. Lord Geidt is the second person to resign as Mr Johnson’s ethics adviser during his less than three years as Prime Minister. Sir Alex Allan quit in 2020 after Mr Johnson refused to accept his finding that Home Secretary Priti Patel had bullied civil servants. Boris Johnson’s spokesperson said this afternoon that Lord Geidt won’t be immediately replaced and the role of ethics advisor could be scrapped altogether. He said the prime minister is ‘carefully considering’ the future of the role. ‘We have not made a final decision on how best to carry out that function, whether it relates to a specific individual or not,’ he said. ‘He will carefully consider that before setting out next steps.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.