Thousands of rail workers are to stage three days of national strike action later this month in disputes over pay and jobs, the RMT union has announced. Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) at Network Rail and 13 train operators will walk out on June 21, 23 and 25. The RMT has also announced another 24-hour strike on London Underground in a separate row over jobs and pensions. Tube workers will strike on June 21 to coincide with the first rail strike, threatening widespread travel chaos. The action comes after London’s tube network ground to a halt on Monday when 4,000 RMT members staged a walk-out. The union claims the action later this month will be the biggest strike on the railways since 1989. Union members voted overwhelmingly for action last month in growing rows over pay and job losses. Mick Lynch, RMT general secretary said: ‘Railway workers have been treated appallingly and despite our best efforts in negotiations, the rail industry with the support of the government has failed to take their concerns seriously. ‘We have a cost-of-living crisis, and it is unacceptable for railway workers to either lose their jobs or face another year of a pay freeze when inflation is at 11.1% and rising. ‘Our union will now embark on a sustained campaign of industrial action which will shut down the railway system. ‘Rail companies are making at least £500m a year in profits, whilst fat cat rail bosses have been paid millions during the Covid-19 pandemic. ‘This unfairness is fuelling our members anger and their determination to win a fair settlement. ‘RMT is open to meaningful negotiations with rail bosses and ministers, but they will need to come up with new proposals to prevent months of disruption on our railways.’ The union said more than 50,000 railway workers will walk out on June 21, adding that the action will affect the national railway network for the entire week. Andrew Haines, Network Rail’s chief executive, said the organisation was continueing to meet with unions to discuss their pay concerns and ‘doing everything it can to avoid strike action’. ‘We know that the cost of living has increased and we want to give our people a pay rise, but the RMT must recognise we are a public body and any pay increase has to be affordable for taxpayers,’ he said. ‘Travel habits have changed forever and the railway must change as well. ‘We cannot expect to take more than our fair share of public funds, and so we must modernise our industry to put it on a sound financial footing for the future. ‘Failure to modernise will only lead to industry decline and more job losses in the long run.’ Mr Haines said Network Rail would use the two weeks before the first strike is planned ‘to keep talking’ to its unions. ‘Through compromise and common sense on both sides, we hope to find a solution and avoid the damage that strike action would cause all involved,’ he added. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.