Although ambitious plans to build a shopping super-mall have been shelved, Croydon has plenty of reasons to be positive. It’s a leading hub for tech start-ups, has a burgeoning creative hub and will be the London Borough of Culture in 2023. Properties are still relatively affordable, there’s a great social scene and transport links are amongst the best in London – with trams, three stations and trains running down to the south coast via Gatwick and as far north as Bedford. Try South Croydon or Park Hill for a family house on a quiet residential street, or check out the areas around East and West Croydon stations for a new or secondhand flat in the heart of the action. ‘There are so many new developments in the centre,’ says Rezah Jaufuraully of Leaders estate agents. ‘They attract first-time buyers and investors, providing yields of five to seven per cent. One-bed resale homes typically start at £240,000 to £260,000 and three-bed houses are £400,000-£450,000.’ This summer, Notting Hill Genesis will be launching one-, two- and three-bed shared ownership apartments at Aspect Croydon, a 26-storey tower with a concierge just five minutes’ walk from East Croydon station. All have a private winter garden and many are dual aspect with floor to ceiling windows filling rooms with light. They start from £91,250 for a 25 per cent share of a full market value £365,000. L&Q at Queen’s Quarter, also in East Croydon, consists of one, two and three-bed apartments for sale through shared ownership. It forms part of the wider Queen’s Quarter masterplan, which, once complete, will deliver 513 homes alongside retail and commercial space. Featuring open-plan layouts and balconies, and use of communal outdoor spaces including a roof garden, homes start from £82,500 for 25 per cent of £330,000, lqhomes.com. At 21-storey Addiscombe Grove, Pocket Living is offering one-bedroom apartments to first-time buyers at a 20 per cent discount compared to local market prices. Priority is placed on creating a sense of community and there are three gardens and a variety of communal internal areas, including a workspace, lounge and wellness room, from £260,000, pocketliving.com. Two- and three-bedroom shared ownership homes, each with a balcony, are available from Optivo Living at The Grove, which shares the same building. Prices from £100,750 for 25 per cent of £403,000. Redevelopment is underway next to West Croydon station, where 108 apartments have been unveiled at London Square Croydon. Spread over 20 storeys, the one-, two- and three-bedroom homes will be ready next year, and include flexible open-plan layouts, WFH stations and private winter gardens, plus access to rooftop gardens, a residents’ lounge and a concierge. They start at £358,000. More one, two and three-bedroom high-rise homes are on sale at Boulevard Point in the town centre, due to complete in September and starting from £355,000, through Foxtons, foxtons.co.uk. And there are 68 one and two-bedroom apartments available on floors 11-23 of Brick by Brick’s Kindred House, located in the Old Town and incorporating a roof terrace, cycle storage and a new public square. They’re from £340,000 with Help to Buy, via Hamptons. Moving to South Croydon, 8 Croham Valley Road features nine generously proportioned two and three-bedroom apartments, each with a private balcony or terrace, two bathrooms and tons of storage, from £435,00 and offering Help to Buy’s from Fernham Homes. A brilliant buy if you’re after a renovation project, this second-floor flat has two double bedrooms, a separate kitchen and living room and access to a communal garden. Check it out at Foxtons This three-bedroom house is a short walk from South Croydon station and includes a through living/dining room with a bay window and a lovely garden. Check it out via Leaders East Croydon station and Boxpark are close to this four-bedroom detached house, which is arranged over three floors and has off-road parking for several cars. Check it out at Barnard Marcus Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why Epsom is a great place to buy — and not just for racing lovers MORE : Why Borehamwood in Hertfordshire is the best place to buy your forever home MORE : Great schools and affordable houses are making New Malden a buyer’s paradise