The education secretary boldly claimed the prime minister won his confidence vote ‘handsomely’ despite clear internal criticism of the leader. Nadhim Zahawi told Sky News in Westminster’s central lobby: ‘I think the important thing to remember is that whichever side of the argument you’re on on this, the one thing we all believe in is democracy. ‘That was a ballot, the prime minister won handsomely. ‘I think the important thing to remember is that we only are able to deliver if we are united. I hope we can draw a line under this now and focused on delivery.’ Asked how he can call the result ‘handsome’, the Tory MP for Stratford-upon-Avon said: ‘It’s a ballot. 50 plus one is a majority. Boris did much better than that.’ Boris Johnson won the vote by 211 to 148, which means 41% of his own MPs no longer have confidence in the PM’s position. Although his victory allows him to stay in Downing Street, Mr Johnson will continue to be under pressure from Tory rebels in the coming weeks after they triggered the initial vote today. In fact, Mr Johnson is now in a worse position than his predecessor Theresa May was months before she was ousted. Asked about whether there will now be a Tory civil war, Mr Zahawi added: ‘All of my colleagues, whichever way they voted, know that we win the election when we are united. ‘People don’t vote for divided parties – that’s my message. ‘We’re democrats above everything else and I think you’ll find every colleague – even those who voted against the prime minister tonight – will agree with that statement.’ He even referenced the Ukraine war, adding: ‘What do you think president Zelensky will be thinking tonight? ‘He’ll be punching the air because he knows his great ally Boris Johnson will be prime minister tomorrow morning. That’s what we’ve got to focus on.’ Those outside the Conservative Party have criticised the results of the no confidence vote, with first minister Nicola Sturgeon calling Mr Johnson ‘a lame duck’ who has little support across Scotland. And Labour leader Keir Starmer called the Tories ‘divided’ and said they chose to ‘ignore the British public’ and ‘prop up’ the PM. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.