While a third day of rail strikes may be proving troublesome, when it comes to your horoscopes, we’ll keep you right on track this Saturday. Big changes might be in store for Leos, Virgos and Geminis, among others, but Capricorns and Aquarians can take some time out of the routine to indulge themselves by embracing relaxing activities. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for June 24, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 Don’t be influenced by others, Aries, especially when it comes to money matters. If they tell you something can’t be done, give it a go anyway. The Moon in Taurus and its positive link to Pluto will make you more determined to prove them wrong. You’ll be on the lookout for resourceful and savvy solutions that bring you greater security, and enable you to flourish on your terms. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Dare to share your bold ideas, even if you’re worried that no-one much will listen. Someone will, and their input could make you aware of how much your wisdom is needed in the world. While Saturn’s retro phase might coincide with a lack of confidence, it can also be a turning point, if you’re willing to face your fears and gently move beyond them to your greater good. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You may need to face up to an edgy issue that is getting in the way of your future plans. The Moon is in a sensitive zone and its links could make you aware of how tackling this will be a game changer. While forgiving and forgetting is never easy, this is something that will be of great help to you. You’re not condoning someone’s behaviour, you’re setting yourself free. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Coincidences and synchronicities are all around, so watch out for signs that could hint at a new friendship or perhaps a romance. Yet you may wonder if opening yourself up to this experience might leave you vulnerable. Key influences suggest you can be surprised at how relaxed you feel with the right person. Sharing something personal could bring you closer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Trust your gut, and doors could swing open for you, Leo. A potent lunar tie, encourages you to talk about ideas that may be different to anything you’ve discussed before. Whether these relate to your next career move or to other equally important issues, getting them out in the open can net you support from unexpected quarters. Every connection you forge might be a source of treasure. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 The need to make changes to your lifestyle can be a serious consideration. You may be willing to put a lot of energy into relinquishing any bad habits, and substituting them for better ones. In fact, Saturn’s rewind phase might inspire changes that you could tailor to enhance your wellbeing. Ready to reinvent your diet and exercise routine? Slowly does it. There’s no need to rush! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Your life may be moving through an intense phase, which could be linked to family matters, and there might be no way to sidestep this over coming days. If close ones refuse to talk, it can mean that nothing really changes. Could you find a way to gently broach the subject? A relaxed chat may get the conversation flowing, so you can slowly bring it around to the main issue. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 At a loss with a plan? It might need taking apart, so that it can be put back together to produce better results. On a creative note, the Moon’s tie with aesthetic Neptune in your leisure zone could find you experimenting with different techniques to make some great art or music. And a romantic date or heart-to-heart conversation may make your day in more ways than one, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Harmonious influences in your sector of relating, suggest you might sense others’ needs intuitively. This could help you to express your thoughts and ideas in a way they can understand and make use of. And it may pave the way for peaceful solutions too. On another note, you may be bowled over by a great money-making idea. If you work at it, it could be a great little earner. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 A persistent approach can be about to pay off. One final push could see you overcoming a barrier that may have been restricting your options. If you feel tired after all your effort, then it might be a sign to indulge in life’s pleasures. Make this the weekend when you do something you’ve been dreaming about for a while. Forget work, and give yourself over to the experience. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 As Venus continues in your leisure zone, her presence encourages you to get away from your daily routine when possible, and embrace relaxing activities. You really deserve this chance to put responsibilities to one side, and focus on enjoyment for you and close ones. Recharging your batteries can gift you with the energy to be more productive once you get back to work, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 There’s something soothing about getting on with homely activities, such as baking cakes or bread or making soups, jams or chutney. Mercury and Venus in your family sector, suggest you might get a lot more visitors than usual, so you may be doing more cooking and entertaining. Ready to use your natural abilities to earn extra cash? You only need one good idea, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for June 19 to 25 and the start of Cancer season MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you