Lost, shy, and poisoned with self-doubt, I abandoned the cornfields of Illinois and fled to Japan. Three years later I was on my knees in a Shinto shrine, newlywed to a woman from Wales with a very strong accent. Arriving in Japan in 2004, I did my best to remain on the edge of a group of newly minted English teachers from around the world. During our orientation, friendships were formed that have lasted 17 years. That’s where I first saw Gemma. She was easily the most beautiful woman in the room. She oozed confidence and had an accent most Americans swoon over. I was immediately intimidated, though I didn’t need to be. Her warmth and humour quickly drew me in and we became fast friends. A few months after we arrived in Japan, Gemma invited me to visit an ancient shrine near her home. We later discovered it’s called Izumo Taisha, dedicated to the Shinto deity of marriage. Japanese couples from all over the country come to the shrine to have their engagements blessed. That was our first date. We took turns travelling nearly three hours each way to spend weekends together. We’d both feel the rush of excitement on the Friday night train and the long slog of the journey home on Sunday night. After two years of riding back and forth on the train, we decided it was time to move in together, to truly test our relationship. Could we stand to see each other everyday? Living in our tiny two room apartment above a noodle bar with the kitchen exhaust wafting straight up through our windows, we were grand. Neither one of us wanted to get married. We both had divorced parents and didn’t feel the need for the formality of marriage. We loved each other, we respected each other, that’s all that mattered to us. But, we were ready to leave Japan and wanted to continue our adventure together. As an unmarried couple, there was no route into either of our home countries for the other. Work visas required a job offer from a company before you arrived and were nearly impossible to secure.  So, to appease the immigration services, we eloped… kind of. My plan was to propose to her in Welsh on a cliff top overlooking the Sea of Japan. But, the only person I knew who could speak Welsh was Gemma. I figured the police force in North Wales would use Welsh everyday, so I looked up a number and snuck to the roof or our building. A very confused constable answered the phone as I explained my predicament. ‘I’m an American living in Japan and I want to propose to my girlfriend in Welsh. Can you please help?’ Several times she repeated, ‘A wnewch chi briodi fi’. I butchered the pronunciation until she said it was passable and then I wrote it out as best as I could phonetically. A few days later, armed with the tongue twister and poised on the top of a windy seaside cliff, I garbled out sounds I was convinced was near perfect Welsh for ‘will you marry me?’ Eventually she understood what I was saying when I resorted to getting down on one knee. After some investigating, mountains of paperwork and wrangling with American and British Embassies and our Japanese contracting organisations, it became abundantly clear that to change our names while working in Japan would have been a logistical nightmare. So we decided (for the time being) to keep them as they were. That way we wouldn’t need to change our names by deed poll or change our passports. We were married a month later with our mothers by our side. Two-years later, we were living in Wales. My wife was pregnant and we started thinking about changing our names so we could have a family name. My surname was ‘Logsdon.’ Hers was ‘Dudley.’ So what would we call the baby? We knew we wanted a family name to connect all three of us. I wasn’t particularly keen on passing on ‘Logsdon.’ I’ve never met the man who gave it to me. He left my mother and I when I was an infant and I’d carried around his name for 30 years. Gemma already felt uncomfortable about the baggage and assumptions that come with being married – hello patriarchy. Her mum and stepdad were together for over 20 years before choosing to get married.We were glad we did it our way – thousands of miles away from all the obligations and potential family arguments that come with weddings and marriage. But it didn’t feel like ‘us’ keeping our old surnames and the names of the dads who hadn’t raised us. We started questioning why we were named after the parent who hadn’t been the one to put in the graft of worrying about us and being there for us even when times were hard. Speaking frankly, it didn’t feel like our surnames were earned. It then occurred to my wife and I that we had an opportunity to do something special for our daughter. We could create a new lineage based on the women who raised us. We could use the names our mothers had grown up with and the families who supported them when we were young. A simple letter signed by a solicitor friend of ours was all we needed to create ‘Treharne-Foose.’  It was all done in five minutes over tea and biscuits in our front room. Armed with several notarised copies of the letter, we set about changing bank accounts, National Insurance numbers, pensions, passports, utility bills… I even went to the US Embassy in London to inform them that I wanted to change my surname so that the visa in my US passport would match my UK drivers licence. Then we had to explain it all to our families, friends, coworkers, clients, postman. Without fail, everyone was supportive and thought it was a lovely way to recognise our mothers for their spirit and tenacity to raise us. Twelve years later, what does our daughter think of our grand gesture? She finds it annoying. She longs to be a ‘Jones.’ Something simple that doesn’t give her hand cramps when she’s writing it on her homework. I’m sure future genealogists will find it all terribly annoying as well, but maybe this article will be around somewhere in the dark corners of whatever the internet looks like a hundred years from now to help explain it all. I have to admit, I find it a bit annoying as well having to spell it out over the phone when making a booking. But, it is fun knowing we are the only Treharne-Fooses on the planet. The way I see it, why not make it all mean something? Take his, take hers, use theirs, double-barreled, smashed together, completely made up, whatever you want. Just remember you’ll be carrying it around with you for a while, so make it worth it. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing emmie.harrison-west@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Just like Brooklyn Peltz-Beckham, I took my wife's last name MORE : It's been two years since I've seen my wife MORE : Covid meant we couldn't have the wedding we wanted - so we eloped