Helen Skelton went all-out for this year’s Royal Ascot – even breaking the rules along the way. The popular presenter, who recently split from husband Richie Myler, let her hair down at the lavish annual event with an absolutely stunning look. The Royal Ascot attendees are known for their glamorous looks, but Helen took it one step further, in bright pink dazzling jumpsuit. In photographs taken on the day, the mum-of-one looked dazzling in the halterneck jumpsuit, showing off her figure with a keyhole cut-out up top. She matched the bright pink affair with a wide-brimmed hat that helped keep the sizzling sunshine off her face, topped with colourful flowers. As glamorous as Helen looked, there may have been a few people that weren’t too impressed with the outfit, as it broke the dress code for the annual races. The star took to Instagram where she told fans she was in the Royal Enclosure at the races, which enforces a strict dress code that bans strapless, off the shoulder, spaghetti straps or halter necks. Thanks to her eye-catching halter-neck, Helen’s outfit broke the Royal Enclosure’s rules, which also demands that women wear a hat or headpiece with a solid base of at least four inches. As reported by the Daily Mail, this year’s Royal Ascot attendees were encouraged to push the fashion boundaries at this year’s event, with the Style Guide hinting at a less strict approach. However, formality is still mandatory in the Royal Enclosure. Helen isn’t the only one who enjoyed time out at the races this year, with former This Morning host Eamon Holmes going all-out with a grey top hat, yellow tie and pinstripe suit trousers. Georgia Toffolo, meanwhile, dazzled in gold-leaf super vintage dress, with a cit-out in the shape of an upside down heart. She matched the unique outfit with a feathery black hat ad sheer lacy black gloves, despite the heat. Georgia beamed for the cameras as she was photographed at the event, appearing to share a laugh with the photographer. Model Hana Cross, ex-girlfriend of newly-married Brooklyn Beckham, stunned in an elegant white dress with a delicate flower pattern and black ribbon. She posed easily for the camera, her dress showing off her gorgeous figure while a black dress and veil partially obscured her face. Then there was presenter Lizzie Cundy, who wore an absolutely massive hat in the shape of a bow on her head – a bow in the colours of the Union flag. Lizzie’s choice in headwear certainly turned some, well, heads, and she matched the quirky garment with a simple red dress complete with a plunging neckline. The socialite smiled for the camera, hand on her hip, as she took in the day’s races. Earlier in the week, the Royal Ascot was attended by Dame Deborah James, who beamed for photographs in a sweet polka dot dress and brimmed summer hat. The campaigner, who is receiving end-of-life care at home as she battled terminal bowel cancer, revealed she’s on a mission to work her way through all the cocktails while she can as she made the most out of the day. Mum-of-two Dame Deborah appeared in high spirits and smiled for snaps from her wheelchair alongside her brother, Benjamin James. She recently told Lorraine Kelly that she is ‘taking life day by day and just continuing to feel blessed to have another day, knowing that my time is limited.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Deborah James radiates sunshine with huge smile at Royal Ascot after admitting surprise at still being alive MORE : What is Ladies’ Day at Royal Ascot and what happens? 