Britney Spears’ ex-husband Jason Alexander, who she was married to for 55 hours in 2004, has been charged with four misdemeanours after crashing her wedding to Sam Asghari. On Thursday, the Toxic singer married her partner, six years after meeting on the set of one of her music videos. While it sounds as though it was a jubilant day, with stars including Drew Barrymore and Madonna in attendance at the intimate ceremony, it was disrupted when Jason showed up and approached event security, eventually being restrained outside the property after making it inside while livestreaming. Ventura County Sheriff’s Department has shared that the 40-year-old has been charged with two counts of misdemeanour battery, one count of misdemeanour vandalism and one count of misdemeanour trespassing as a result of the incident. Officers arrested him after responding to an incident of alleged trespassing, with Sergeant Cyrus Zadesh saying that an altercation between Jason and officers took place. ‘He was able to find his way onto the property and was confronted by security,’ the sergeant told PA News Agency. ‘An altercation occurred with the security officers and that’s where the battery occurred… and during the altercation an item was broken so that’s where the vandalism comes into play. And by being on private property, the trespass comes into play.’ It was previously claimed that Jason told event security stationed at the wedding that he had been invited by Britney, as well as saying that she was his ‘first and only wife’. He was originally charged with an out-of-county warrant, but is now due to face additional charges, with those involved in the incident seeking to prosecute. Afterwards, he was transported to a police station and it’s believed that he will be transferred to Ventura County jail. According to TMZ, prior to the wedding ceremony, Jason had been live-streaming the moment before what appeared to be a physical struggle as the image froze up. It was claimed that he made it into the property, where he continued to livestream, before he was eventually apprehended. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears and Sam Asghari get married in Los Angeles after six years of dating MORE : Britney Spears’ ex-husband Jason Alexander attempts to crash wedding to Sam Asghari while live-streaming 