This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Unless you have air conditioning in your home, you probably woke up this morning feeling sweaty and uncomfortable. It’s difficult to sleep in a heatwave like this, so many people are looking for ways to stay cool at night time. According to reviewers, Simba’s Performance Bed Linen is the perfect solution – and you can get them for 55% off in the brand’s summer sale. The sheets are available in three bed sizes and comprise a duvet cover and pillow case(s), with the single set coming in at just £29.95. The double option is now priced at £40.50, while the king set is £56.25 and the super-king is £69.97. That’s a saving of up to £85 on 100% cotton, 200 thread count bed sheets. Or, those who prefer a luxe sleep space can upgrade to 400 thread count linens in a satin weave, which have been reduced by 35%. So why are the Simba Performance Bed Linens so popular as temperatures soar? Made using BCI cotton in a percale weave, they look crisp and feel cool to the touch. This tightly-woven yarn also helps the material last longer through washes. Additionally, they’re crafted with a Satrotos finish (which Simba calls ‘a bed thermostat’) to wick away sweat and dissipate excess body heat while you sleep. There’s no need to worry about the environmental impact of the sheets either, as the cotton used comes from sustainable sources, the water from production is 100% recycled or re-used, and Simba’s deliveries are completely carbon neutral. Hundreds of five-star reviews speak for themselves when it comes to the Hybrid Performance linens’ capabilities. One verified buyer said: ‘Best night’s sleep I’ve ever had. I’m menopausal and get hot sweats, but this bedding is so cool to touch – it’s crisp like hotel bedding  and I stayed cool all night long.’ Another wrote: ‘Through these hot summer months the Simba bed sheets and pillows have a been a god send. Life has changed for the better now that i can sleep at night!’ When these ingenious soft furnishings were given the Real Homes Gold Award, the reviewer added: ‘I also love how it is soft but keeps that crisp “just washed” feel until it is time to wash again.’ With just a few days left of the Simba’s summer sale, you’ll need to be quick if you want these prices. Get your hands on the Simba range here. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Aldi brings back Philips Perfect Draft home pub machines with a 42% saving MORE : Baby goat has super long ears that are, let’s be real, completely ridiculous