Amanda Holden has revealed that she has banned her daughter from ever going on Love Island after seeing Michael Owen’s daughter Gemma compete on the show. The Britain’s Got Talent judge, 51, admitted that her daughter Lexi, 16, is ‘obsessed’ with the dating show, but she’s not allowed to follow in the footsteps of 19-year-old Gemma Owen and ever appear on the show. In a discussion about the latest recoupling in which Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu chose to pair up with Davide Sanclimenti, Amanda revealed: ‘This is becoming a bit of an obsession with my teenage daughter at home now. ‘She’s never taken one scrap of interest in Love Island and now is all over it, which worries me slightly bearing in mind Michael Owen’s daughter is on it. And I’m like “You ain’t ever going on it, Alexa!”’ Jamie Theakston, Amanda’s Heart Breakfast co-host, then quipped: ‘Imagine if she did, she’d be perfect for the show.’ Amanda shut it down quickly, retorting: ‘I can imagine it and she’s not! Mama said no! She loves me too much, she won’t do it.’ It comes after footballer Michael Owen shared his reaction to watching his daughter lap dance for the boys in the Love Island villa as part of the heart rate challenge. He tweeted an emoji covering its face as the challenge took place, with Gemma raising heart rates in a skimpy black leotard with a tiny frilly skirt. Michael had previously admitted he would be trying to avoid watching his daughter on Love Island, after it was brought up during a segment on the Live UEFA Nations League ahead of the England VS Germany game. He joked at the time: ‘I came all the way to Germany to try and avoid all that back home. ‘But I am feeling alright. This is taking my mind off it so don’t bring it back up.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amanda Holden likes getting wolf-whistled and wants it to carry on when she’s 70: ‘I don’t care if it’s sexist’ MORE : Amanda Holden and daughter Lexi, 16, don matching power looks as they arrive at Wimbledon 2022 day one 