Johnny Depp is heading back out on tour with his Hollywood Vampires bandmates. After his bombshell defamation case against Amber Heard, in which the jury found his favor, the Pirates of the Caribbean actor is hitting the road and will be performing across Europe. Once again, the 59-year-old will be joined by rock legends Alice Cooper, Joe Perry and Tommy Henriksen for the dates. The news was confirmed by the group’s official Instagram page, with a poster announcing the upcoming concerts. It read: ‘The Hollywood Vampires are BACK!! We’re coming to Germany and Luxembourg Summer 2023! ‘Tickets go on sale Monday 27 June at 11:00am CET. Keep an eye out for more to come…’ So far, the only dates announced are in Germany and Luxembourg, with fans flooding the comments section below, begging for more venues to be added. The Hollywood Vampires were due to embark on a tour last year but were forced to pull out over the pandemic. ‘We are beyond disappointed to announce that the Hollywood Vampires must cancel our rescheduled UK/European tour this summer,’ they said in a statement last March. ‘We kept trying to make it happen, but unfortunately due to the uncertainty of Covid-19 travel restrictions, it is just not possible. ‘Thank you for understanding, and we WILL be back rocking with you once the world returns to normal!’ Depp has spent the last few weeks on stage with Jeff Beck, joining his pal at many of his concerts across Europe. He made surprise cameos while his recent court battle with Heard was still underway, and has continued to perform as a special guest ever since. The pair first met in 2016 and are set to drop an album together next month. They reportedly announced the news at their gig in Gateshead, where Beck told the crowd: ‘I met this guy five years ago and we’ve never stopped laughing since. ‘We actually made an album. I don’t know how it happened. It will be out in July.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Shakira looks downcast on errand run in Barcelona after challenging months with Gerard Pique split and father’s hospitalisation MORE : Umbrella Academy star Elliot Page on how transitioning ‘improved life drastically’: ‘It’s made me better in so many facets’ 