John Fury is still eager to take on an exhibition fight of his own against Evander Holyfield or Mike Tyson but says the heavyweight legends ‘don’t want to participate’. Tyson Fury insisted on Wednesday morning he remains ‘happily retired and content with his career’ – despite suggesting just hours earlier that he could be tempted back for an undisputed title showdown against Oleksandr Uysk or Anthony Joshua. ‘The Gypsy King’ has stuck to his guns as far as exhibition fights are concerned, however, insisting they are his more immediate focus with The Rock among his dream opponents. Fury Snr has also been eager to return to the ring having fought professionally between 1987 and 1995, winning eight of his 13 fights having also fought as a bare-knuckle boxer. The 57-year-old has been a key figure alongside Tyson during his rise to the summit of heavyweight boxing and trains his younger son Tommy Fury. And he is happy to take part in his own exhibition scrap for the right money. ‘I’m up for it, but they don’t want to participate,’ Fury Snr told Metro.co.uk on behalf of FreeBets. ‘If the money’s right, why not? I believe I’m up there with the fittest people my age. I’m still on the road, I’m still in the gym, I’m still sparring, why not? ‘I’m 57, so if they’re going to do it, they need to be quick about it. I can’t hang on forever at this age. I’m up for anything and anybody as long as the money’s right. Nuisances and dreamers don’t bother applying!’ John Fury has fought in hundreds of unlicenced bare-knuckle fights, claiming to have banked £100,000 for one fight back in Ireland in the early 90s. The brutal sport is now part of the professional fighting arena however, a charge led by The Bare-Knuckle Boxing Championship (BKB) who are a sanctioned and commissioned operation based in Philadelphia. Since being founded in 2018, a number of MMA fighters and boxers have stepped into that world with huge prize money up for grabs. London fighter Michael ‘Venom’ Page will become the latest to make the move in August, with the Bellator star set to take on Mike Perry. ‘I obviously know a fair bit about bare knuckle fighting. I’ve done more of that than the professional stuff but one word: dangerous,’ Fury said. ‘You can get hurt, especially with these types of athletes because they’re trained to do a professional job and bare-knuckle boxing was never a professional sport. It was a means to settle a dispute. ‘But now they’ve seen an avenue to make some money, what can do you? It’s a dangerous sport and that’s why they brought gloves on in the first place. Go back 200 years ago and look at the injuries: horrific. They can still be that way today, I’ve seen them and had a few myself. ‘Better off with the gloves on but credit to those taking part. It’s up to the individual, but there are easier ways to make a living than bare knuckle boxing, especially when you’re training like an athlete.’ Back in the world of professional boxing, Tyson Fury has provided mixed messages over his future in the sport despite the possibility of an undisputed fight against Usyk or Joshua waiting down the line. But should the WBC champion stick to his retirement promise, John Fury believes Deontay Wilder will return to the summit of heavyweight boxing and eventually collect all four world titles, believing neither Usyk or Joshua can live with the American’s power. ‘There’s no one out there who can give him a run for his money. Dillian Whyte is a good fighter; he’d give anybody a 50/50 but wasn’t a match for Tyson.’ Fury Snr said. ‘And for my money if Tyson stays in retirement mode, I see Deontay Wilder coming back and taking all the belts on power alone. I don’t think the rest of them can take Wilder’s power. ‘What he showed me last time was that he’s the second-best heavyweight boxer in the world. Without question.’ MORE : Tommy Fury in talks to fight Jake Paul in August but John Fury warns ‘there’s a long way to go’ before deal is agreed MORE : ‘Nobody else’ – Tyson Fury ‘obsessed’ with training but will only come out of retirement to fight Anthony Joshua, says father John For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 