Dame Prue Leith suffered a very British disaster during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Pageant, with her car breaking down in the middle of the procession. The Great British Bake Off judge was one of the Dames taking part in the parade in a vintage Jaguar, but had to be given a helping hand when the car stopped. Thankfully she didn’t need to call roadside rescue as marshals in high visibility jackets stepped in to help, giving the car a push and fist-pumping the air as the show went on. Dame Prue, 82, didn’t let the situation faze her either, cracking a smile and giving the crowds of fans a very regal wave as she continued her journey down the Mall to Buckingham Palace. Clare Balding, who was covering the pageant on the BBC, pointed out: ‘Prue Leith needing a push in her Jag! ‘See, this is part of a live pageant, these things happen. Not sure whether it’s a fuel issue – it might be. That’s going to be hard work, you know!’ Viewers were delighted by the the distinctly British moment, with one writing on Twitter: ‘Something brilliantly British about Prue Leith in an old car being pushed past Buckingham Palace and the Royal Box because it has broken down.’ ‘I turn on my TV to see Prue Leith being pushed in a broken-down car. So British,’ another said, while one more joked: ‘I see Prue Leith’s Jag needed a push. She needs to take the Great British Brake Off.’ Dame Prue was just one of the ‘Dames in Jags’ to grace the procession on the final day of celebrations to mark Queen Elizabeth II’s 70 years on the throne. Dame Joan Collins, Dame Arlene Phillips, Dame Darcey Bussell, and Dame Lesley Lawson (better known as Twiggy) were driven in vintage Jaguars as part of the parade. The huge parade, which processes along the Mall and finishes at Buckingham Palace, features servicepeople, carnival dances, creative displays from arts organisations, and icons from the world of music, TV, film, comedy, and the arts. The Pageant is split into four acts, each celebrating The Queen’s lengthy reign: Act One: For Queen and Country – a military parade featuring servicepeople from across the UK, Canada, New Zealand, Ghana, Belize, Sri Lanka and other Commonwealth countries. Act Two: Time of our Lives – a display looking at how life has changed since 1952, and over The Queen’s 70 years as monarch. Act Three: Let’s Celebrate – this act will feature dances, carnival processions, installations and creative displays from arts organisations including Trigger (from Bristol), Bridgwater (from Somerset) and Shademakers (from the Isle of Wight). Mahogany, from London, will also reimagine the Coronation in an Afro-Caribbean Carnival style. Act Four: Happy and Glorious – the finale at the Queen Victoria Memorial outside of Buckingham Palace. Here, icons from the music, comedy, film and arts worlds will pay tribute to The Queen, with Ed Sheeran giving a no-doubt special performance of his song Perfect. Ed Sheeran will also perform the national anthem. Highlights so far from the Jubilee have included the spectacular flypast, watched by the Queen and other royals on the balcony of Buckingham Palace, not to mention the star-studded Platinum Jubilee concert, featuring Her Majesty in a very special appearance with Paddington Bear. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Martin Lewis truly has ‘no idea’ why he’s been invited on ‘national treasure bus’ for Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Pageant MORE : Queen’s Platinum Jubilee: BBC viewers furious after Len Goodman recalls nan labelling curry powder ‘foreign muck’ 