A selfish tourist boasted about skipping two hours of airport queues by pretending to be injured. Wolf Jenkins, 28, was warned ‘what goes around, comes around’ by a wheelchair user after he posted a video about his antics at Milas-Bodrum airport in Turkey. He can be seen limping around without his sock and shoe while airport staff dote on his supposedly ‘sprained’ ankle. ‘Faked hurting my leg to get through security faster and onto the plane back from Ibiza,’ he wrote. ‘Amazing what taking one sock off can achieve.’ Wolf is filmed sitting comfortably in the wheelchair as his mate pushes him through check-in, security gates, the connecting tunnel and then onto the plane. The holidaymaker said he came up with the plan when he saw a line of passengers coming ‘out of the door’. ‘I’d say around a two hour wait to get through security and check in at least,’ Wolf added. ‘The queue outside of the airport was insane, I didn’t expect it at all. ‘I saw people in wheelchairs being pushed through so my friend waited in the queue and I went outside and took off my shoe and sock. ‘I then limped back towards the door and a member of staff asked me if I needed assistance so I said I had twisted my ankle at the hotel just before getting into my taxi. ‘I was then ushered through security and to check in immediately and they asked me if I had a fit to fly form but I said I have only just done it and that I could walk if necessary. But they said not to worry about it and let me through.’ Needless to say, many who watched Wolf’s prank on social media were appalled, adding he should be ashamed by himself. One woman said: ‘Be careful because what goes around comes back around. Coming from a wheelchair user.’ ‘He’ll be crying wolf when karma pays him a visit,’ another wrote. A Facebook user also pointed out his lies could backfire and impact the lives of actually disabled people. They wrote: ‘Great because of p****s like this people with real disabilities have to wait longer and suffer. No doubt the airports will start charging for the service soon.’ Wolf and his friend were supposed to be in separate parts of the plane but flight attendants even gave them a whole row of six seats to sit together. He can be seen all smiles as he arrived in the UK safely – still being transported in a wheelchair. The one-minute footage ends with the passenger putting on his sock and shoe, without any signs of pain. Looking very pleased with himself, Wolf gets up from the wheelchair and walks away. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.