The next New Moon is on June 29, in the sign of Cancer. New Moons are a time for activation, initiation, creation, and go-getting ambition. It’s time to make a start on new adventures, goals, projects, and activity. You are brimming with energy and enthusiasm, invest it wisely into something that will bring positive rewards. The New Moon in Cancer is an emotive phase, as Cancer itself is ruled by the Moon and this means you’ll feel strongly and instinctively (even if it’s not sensible on paper) about what you need to start doing. It’s a great time to activate resolutions or goals related to the positive areas that Cancer rules over and influences: healing and self care, emotional intelligence and self awareness, home and safe spaces, family and loved ones, secrets and inner wisdom. You are likely to be looking inward and close to home, looking at what you could initiate that will heal, improve, strengthen or ignite positive energy in this space. Let the tarot give you a nudge as to what you could start this New Moon… March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for the New Moon in Cancer: Knight of Wands Meaning: You are the biggest driver of the mood and energy in and around your home and family, you give off so much heat and light and power, it affects everyone around you. Are you bringing your best self at home? The Knight of Wands reminds you of your power, and asks you to notice how you can shift the atmosphere at home. Be conscious and mindful of that great gift, and use it well. Bring your best self to the forefront – encourage good vibes, adventure, fun, spontaneity and playfulness. Be the energy you want to live in. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus Five of Wands for New Moon in Cancer: Five of Wands Meaning: There are changes at home. They’ve been brewing and emerging for a while and, frankly, you don’t like it. Change is often hard for Taureans as you have a controlling and deliberating nature, you like to think everything through (twice) and have the pace and scope of transformation under your power. Sorry my friend but it’s not always possible. The Five of Wands asks you to commit to letting this change process unfold over the next six weeks (not too long, you can do it). Turn the page and let it be a new leaf. Let the story evolve. Don’t worry or stress. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini with New Moon in Cancer: Page of Wands Meaning: This New Moon sees you thinking about trying lots of new methods, ideas, and activities to boost your sense of play, creativity, healing capacity and energy, and enjoyment of your home and family life. It’s one big experiment to feel happier and more enlivened by your own home and daily life. The Page of Wands is a real have-a-go person. Draw up a list of what you can squeeze in and try in the next couple of weeks and enjoy the ride. Don’t feel pressure to find the ‘one thing’ that makes a difference, it might be a cumulative effect or a mix and match job. Something will work, I promise. New news always bring fresh energy and ideas. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer with New Moon in Cancer: Six of Swords Meaning: You are ready to part company or ways with something or someone in your life that is close to home. It’s been a long time coming, but you’ve kept this secret up till now, perhaps you weren’t sure, perhaps you were mentally preparing and building up your resolve. The Six of Swords shows that the time is now, you are ready, and this won’t feel as sad or hard as you fear. Sometimes, releasing what we don’t need is a kindness to all. No one’s time is wasted anymore. And there is space for new, fresh opportunity to flow in. Make this move. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo with New Moon in Cancer: Queen of Coins Meaning: You are looking to take the lead, make some bold decisions, and create lasting and positive improvements to your home, finances, and family world. You want to create the loving, joyful, fun and warm sanctuary you’ve always dreamed of, that feels secure and safe, but also playful and entertaining. Whatever additions or upgrades or changes you feel would help are welcome. You are the one with the power and strength to get this project moving. Get others on board, pool your resources, and set off with great gusto. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo with New Moon in Cancer: Queen of Swords Meaning: You need more space. That’s what you’ve been bottling up and not sharing, but it’s the truth and you’re ready to commit to this need this New Moon. It doesn’t mean shunning or ignoring or leaving people behind. It just means you need to rebalance your free time between social and solo. The Queen of Swords is an independent and self-reliant character. She needs her alone time, so do you. Perhaps there’s a special project or challenge you’re working on. Make more room for your priorities and activities. You deserve it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra with New Moon in Cancer: The Lovers Meaning: There’s a thorny little decision you need to make with your nearest and dearest that hasn’t yet found a consensus of opinion, so it feels tricky. Emotions are heightened because of the uncertainty this has created. You feel pressure to compromise and smooth things over, but you yourself have doubts as to the right path. Libra, The Lovers acknowledges all of this and promises that, this next two weeks, you can resolve this issue. Get it all down on paper. Work through the unanswered questions or fears. Look at options. Vote on them, if necessary. Put your all into it, and get through it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio with New Moon in Cancer: Strength Meaning: What challenges you makes you even stronger, and when you’re stronger, life gets easier because you’re more resilient and resolute. This resonates with you, Scorpio, because strength is important to you. And you’re willing, this New Moon, to activate a challenge that will push you out of your comfort zone and consequently develop a new skill, emotional awareness, or ability to endure. It’s a consciously undertaken task. You know it will stretch you, and that’s the idea. You don’t mid it because you are in control of it, and decided to do it. Seek challenge. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for New Moon in Cancer: Nine of Cups Meaning: You’re feeling so much love for the people close to you that you want to do something really special this New Moon. The Nine of Cups brings you wish-come-true energy so you can really push the boat out here and create something memorable and heartwarming. You’re ruled by Jupiter, and therefore born lucky. Use this innate good fortune of yours to aim high, higher than you dare, and land something magical for all of those you love. Bring something home that will enchant you all. Create an adventure for your family. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn with New Moon in Cancer: Ace of Swords Meaning: Emotional intelligence has a lot to do with knowing what to say at what time. We all know truth is important, but timing your truths and expressing them in a way that will land (vs miss) your target is a craft. The Ace of Swords asks you to practice this skill this New Moon. It’s time to activate some interesting conversations and get things off your chest. Don’t just blunder into this. Think about the people involved and their personality and point of view. How can you communicate your feelings in a way (using metaphor or examples) that will resonate most with them? And when is a good time? Make a plan and get to it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius with New Moon in Cancer: Seven of Swords Meaning: This New Moon sees you being protective. It’s likely you know more than people think you know about something, or someone. Or you know that someone, who shouldn’t know something, does and is preparing to do something untoward with the information they’ve gleaned. Be cautious and prudent this New Moon. Start some strategies and behaviours that will help to guard you and yours from unwanted meddling, scandal, or revelations. Just skate through these next two weeks and the cloud will pass by. Be strong for your family. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces with New Moon in Cancer: The Hierophant Meaning: The Hierophant sees you wanting to start a new activity that aligns with your heartfelt feelings about life, the world, the heavens, and your spiritualty. It could be religious, esoteric, magic, community or globally based. It could be physical, mental, material, or emotional work. But it will prove to be so beneficial for your personal development. The key is that you join in with something to do it, this is a group, not solo, activity. Look for inspiration locally. Look for online forums that align with your goal. Look for a mentor. You’re about to join a bigger cause. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your daily horoscope for Monday, June 27, 2022 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of July MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Taurus