A grieving mother of a Russian conscript killed during the sinking of the Moskva warship claims she was told her son ‘burned to ashes.’ Olga Dubinina has hit back at the Russian authorities and accused them of subjecting bereaved families to ‘lies’ and ‘blackmail’. Her son Nikita Syromyasov, 20, died when Vladimir Putin’s flagship sunk in the Black Sea on April 14 – but to date the Kremlin has only acknowledged one official death, with 27 others reported ‘missing’. Ukrainian intelligence estimate that around 250 sailors perished during the sinking of the ship, although the actual death toll could be even higher. ‘I don’t believe a single word, not a single word of what they say,’ she told local media. ‘No matter the rank, it’s all a complete lie.’ Olga claims she is still yet to receive any official confirmation of Nikita’s death, and was only offered compensation if she signed a paper agreeing the vessel was ‘not’ hit by Ukrainian missiles. ‘It’s a kind of a…blackmail,’ she said. Asked if she signed, she replied: ‘Of course not. What kind of statement is this? Dead as a result of catastrophe? ‘I am not happy with this wording, and I don’t agree [this is how] my son died. ‘If they think otherwise, I say: “Prove it to me”. Now they are saying, too, that he burned to ashes.’ The mother, from Sevastopol, added: ‘They only talk to us, they don’t give us anything in writing. ‘There is a group sent to work with those like me, whose sons and husbands went missing. ‘They say they are carrying some kind of search work, and then it turns out there is no search whatsoever. ‘We think so because not a single body fragment has been found since 25 April, which is ridiculous.’ Russia has reportedly reversed an official denial the Moskva had been engaged in the military conflict when it sank. On board was a crew of 510 – including an estimated 300 conscripts, despite Putin saying draftees would not be sent to war. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.