Dan Walker has revealed he will be marking the first day of his new TV life on Channel 5, where he moved in a lucrative new deal from BBC Breakfast, with an appearance on rival Good Morning Britain on Monday. He announced the slightly unexpected news on Twitter on Sunday, with his usual trademark humour, even giving a shoutout to his longstanding presenter ‘wife’ at the Beeb, Sally Nugent. ‘First day of my new TV life tomorrow and it will start in a very strange way… on @GMB,’ he wrote, with a blushing and laugh-cry emoji. Making reference to the punishing alarm he’s just been able to give up with former 6am starts live in the BBC’s Salford studios, as well as his new home, he continued: ‘See you in the morning with @susannareid100 (thankfully not too early) and than at 5, on 5.’ The 45-year-old Strictly Come Dancing contestant then quipped: ‘PS I still love you @sallynugent.’ Dan’s tweet attracted several messages of good luck, including from First Dates star Fred Sirieix, while one follower joked: ‘This feels a bit like when Sol Campbell signed for Arsenal.’ Having said goodbye to the BBC earlier in May after six years in a send-off that saw him presented with a giant inflatable lobster, in an ode to one of his most infamous Strictly routines, the presenter shared a little peek at his new home as he took a look around his new workplace. Taking Sian Williams’ place, after she announced in March she was stepping down, Dan praised his new colleagues as ‘lovely’. In a new interview, Dan also admitted he ‘hates talking about money’ after it was previously revealed he was in the top 20 highest-paid presenters at the broadcaster before his exit. He continued to the Daily Mail Weekend Magazine: ‘I feel uncomfortable that I get paid a lot to do a job I love. ‘I remember the first day a national newspaper published what I earned on the front page. That was awful.’ The presenter was revealed as the 18th highest-earning star at the broadcaster, earning a whopping £295,000, with Gary Lineker topping the list at £1.3million. As well as anchoring 5 News, Monday to Friday, Dan will also front programmes such as documentaries for the corporation, in a deal said to be worth £1.5million over three years. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Romeo Beckham introduces ‘new member of the family’, adorable puppy Simba MORE : Britain’s Got Talent: Axel Blake crowned 2022 winner after tense final 