A mum-of-two has told how she and her family felt trapped in their own home after a huge colony of bees invaded the roof. Charlotte Down said her young children were stung repeatedly after the swarm first arrived at their council flat in Canterbury, Kent, about six years ago. Three-year-old daughter Elsie suffered a terrifying reaction and was rushed to hospital when she was stung on her toe after standing on one of the bees. Charlotte told ITV Meridian: ‘Within minutes, she was screaming, holding her throat because her throat was swelling up, her whole body swelled and a rash formed. ‘You obviously panic.’ Thousands of bees can congregate on a day of fine weather, Charlotte added. ‘On a nice day, they’re everywhere, walking around on the ground, can’t open our windows because they’re inside our property, the children can’t come out and play.’ Charlotte says she has reported the problem to Canterbury Council numerous times but the insects have never been removed. A bee removal expert was sent to the property but the mum-of-two was told it would be too expensive. No action was taken after a second expert was sent out. Another resident, Emma Dechamps, also revealed how she and her children were ‘scared’ to go into the garden – and expressed concerns about bees flying into communal areas in the flats. Canterbury Council has apologised for failing to provide a satisfactory response to previous concerns raised. A pest control contractor is due to attend the property today to remove the bees humanely, a spokesperson told ITV. Northamptonshire Police to abandon a live Q&A about life in the force on Thursday after a ‘deafening’ swarm of bees arrived. Thousands of insects were seen crawling on the windows of the conference room. A message on Facebook revealed how the session had been called off until further notice due to the infestation. Elsewhere, people were warned to avoid Maesteg in Bridgend, Wales, on Sunday after a massive swarm of bees settled on a van bonnet, while hundreds floew down the road and attached themselves to other cars.