Viewers have been left ‘utterly heartbroken’ by tributes paid to the late Dame Deborah James in BBC’s new documentary The Last Dance. The podcast presenter, campaigner and blogger known as ‘Bowel Babe’ died aged 40 on Tuesday. She had been diagnosed with stage four bowel cancer in December 2016 and was told early on that she may not live beyond five years, and after raising awareness for the disease, she raised nearly £7million for Cancer Research UK in the final years of her life. The inspirational activist is the center of an emotional documentary, airing on BBC tonight and available to watch on iPlayer, which features tributes from Lorraine Kelly, and Dame Deborah’s You, Me And The Big C podcast hosts. Lorraine labelled the activist a ‘smasher’, recalling their first meeting together on her daytime ITV show, saying: ‘I just thought, “I really like you, you’re my kind of woman, you are a smasher.”‘ Elsewhere, the documentary features clips of Dame Deborah’s social media campaigns, raising awareness of bowel cancer symptoms, and features her friends sharing emotional tributes. Cancer activist Lauren Mahon, 37, who presented the podcast with Dame Deborah and their late friend Rachael Bland, broke down into tears as she said: ‘I just love her so much’. Lauren, along with Steve Bland, Rachael’s widower, said they were ‘incredibly grateful to have had her at all.’ Steve added: ‘She was a really, really, really wonderful person, someone that I’m so blessed to call a friend and so proud of.’ Celebrating Dame Deborah’s life and legacy, the synopsis of the 30-minute film reads: ‘From raising millions of pounds to fund clinical trials and research into bowel cancer, frank discussions on her podcast to her penchant for sparkly dresses and dancing, the programme reflects on her life and the legacy she leaves behind.’ Other contributors close to Dame Deborah who share her legacy in the documentary include Adele Roberts, Gaby Roslin, George Alagiah, Emma Campbell (Limitless Em) and Professor David Cunningham. Viewers have already flooded social media with their praise for the emotional tribute, with one writing: ‘Another beautiful but terribly emotional tribute.’ Another commented: ‘Just watched Dame Deborah James the Last Dance & cried my eyes out. What an inspirational woman & what a legacy she leaves. Really stark reminder of what is important in life.’ ‘Everyone needs to watch Dame Deborah James: The Last Dance. Utterly inspiring story of living & dying of cancer,’ someone else penned.  The documentary follows Dame Deborah’s Bowelbabe Fund reaching an incredible total of £7million for cancer research. Just a day after her death, the JustGiving fundraiser for Cancer Research UK surpassed the £7m mark as donations continue to flood in. When the fund was just shy of £6m mid-May, Dame Deborah expressed her shock and gratitude in an Instagram post, writing: ‘I believe I may have had the most surreal, mind blowing, humbling 5 days of my life. ‘I cannot thank you for your generosity at launching the @bowelbabefund which now stands at £5.7 million, and to the @dukeandduchessofcambridge for going above and beyond to make a very special memory happen yesterday.’ The author was referring to Prince William making a surprise visit to her home to personally present her with her Damehood, after she received the honour for her charitable efforts. The Duke of Cambridge and his wife Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, released a statement paying tribute to the campaigner following her death. ‘Deborah was an inspirational and unfalteringly brave woman whose legacy will live on,’ the Royal couple said. Deborah James: The Last Dance airs tonight on BBC One at 8.30pm and is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. MORE : Tom Parker’s widow says The Wanted star was ‘waiting for Dame Deborah James with a glass of something special’ in heartbreaking tribute MORE : Fake Dame Deborah James ‘rebellious hope’ charity T-shirts removed from Amazon as company apologises 