Most of us want whiter teeth, but are put off by expensive procedures and time-consuming home whitening methods. For many, the fear of sensitivity is a roadblock. But there’s a better solution. Where most affordable tooth whiteners use peroxide, MySweetSmile’s Teeth Whitening Strips use a PAP-based formula that provides fast whitening results without any nasty side effects. Phthalimidoperoxycaproicacid (or PAP for short) is an organic peracid capable of breaking down tooth stains and yellowing without affecting soft tissue or the mineral composition of teeth. These strips are also 100% peroxide-free and sensitivity-free, so you don’t have to suffer for your pearly whites. Speaking of which, MySweetSmile products can deliver instant whitening results after just one 30 minute use. Years of yellowing and staining can be cleared with continued use, bringing the confidence back to your smile. A full session of teeth whitening with a cosmetic dentist can cost you upwards of £200, but MySweetSmile’s Teeth Whitening Strips are less than £30. For a limited time, you can get 14 individually packaged whitening treatments (with each sachet containing a strip for your upper and lower teeth) for just £24.99 – that’s a fiver off the RRP. You’ll also get free two-day delivery, to get whitening in no time at all. Either use as a 14-day course or keep extras for impromptu top-ups – all without worrying about cold or hot drinks causing pain. The reviews speak for themselves. One person wrote: ‘As a smoker and tea lover I have never seen my teeth look this good, even after a dental cleaning.’ Another reviewer said: ‘I noticed myself always hiding my teeth in photos because of the yellowing that has accumulated with age, but having used these for ten days I feel like I’ve turned back time. ‘My teeth look so much whiter and I’m finally feeling like I can smile with my teeth out without embarrassing myself.’ Ready to take the plunge and smile brighter? Buy MySweetSmile Teeth Whitening Strips here. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best books for children and young people about LGBTQ+ identity MORE : Luxury Devon holiday home on top of a cliff goes on sale for £2.6million