Another week, another tantalising set of dramatics in the Love Island villa for us to gnaw on – mostly involving what may soon be a love square between Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu, Jay Younger, Paige Thorne and new bombshell Antigoni Buxton. Last night we saw Antigoni enter the villa and whisk Jay off on a cute little date (with two tag alongs in the form of Davide Sanclimenti and Dami Hope). While they set tongues wagging over some cocktails, Ekin-Su was left fretting in the villa over whether Jay’s head would be turned by the new girl. Jay’s head may yet be turning – but not for Antigoni. Metro.co.uk’s Love Island body language expert Judi James is on the case to unpack all the drama of this week, from Ekin-Su and Jay, to Gemma Owen and Luca Bish’s future and how Dami and Indiyah Polack are really feeling after finally sharing a kiss this week. And when it comes to any potential love between Jay and Antigoni, Judi thinks we may be jumping the gun. On Antigoni’s reaction to Jay, Judi explains: ‘It was almost like she was assuming that that was not going to be a no, she was telling him about his body language – not always a wise move when I’m watching.’ Indeed, at one stage on their date, Antigoni tells Jay she knows he’s attracted to her because he was maintaining eye contact. To Judi, that is not a telltale sign of someone’s attraction… She says: ‘A – he wasn’t, and B – if somebody really fancies you and you’re sitting that close, you actually get quite shy. If you really fancy someone you will rarely pin them with your eye contact, it’s much more normal to look more coy and look away slightly. ‘I think she over-read into that, also, at that point, he started to do several tongue pokes. If that was a licking movement it would have been sexy, but it was straight to the front, that can signal rejection.’ Judi adds: ‘He was definitely interested when she arrived, when he kissed her on the cheek his face was like the cat that got the cream, and when he was waiting for [his date] he was getting agitated and wanted to get in there. ‘But when he got into the date he started to lose interest. It’s as though he was thinking, “oh, no, this isn’t my plot line”. I think she was struggling with that because I think she was expecting a positive response.’ Back in the villa, we saw Ekin-Su rallying the likes of Gemma and Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Page to placate her feelings and insecurities over Jay’s date, clearly worried his head was going to turn. Or, was it all a spot of her stellar soap acting skills being put into motion? Judi suggests as such, telling us: ‘I have to say, I like Ekin-Su, I think she’s a great asset, but boy does she so obviously directs scenes. ‘She’d fallen out with the girls on that time with Amber and being called out a bit by them, so she obviously thought “I’ll show my vulnerable side and take them all off to give me advice”. ‘She’s even asking Gemma, Gemma has already told her she thinks she’s acting and Gemma’s she’s 19 for God’s sake – why would you actually ask her? ‘Ekin’s trying to do this deflated look, “I’m on the brink of tears and what will really happen” and everything like that, it was like, making everybody your agony aunt – and did you notice she had to instigate it? ‘Normally if those girls get wind of the fact someone is not feeling too happy because the love of their life is out on a date, they come to them, “how are you feeling, are you alright?” but Ekin-Su’s having to go around grabbing people, at one point she got Tasha and Andrew, dragged them off. It was her vulnerability scenes, I love them – we should put her to music. ‘There was also this ironic thing going on, as well, she’s talking about things that we were seeing happening in the other scene. It was great soap opera. ‘I didn’t exactly shed any tears for her at that point.’ Is Ekin-Su as gutted as she’s putting across? ‘I don’t think she is [as upset as she’s making out]. I’d rather she’s playing the plotlines because I think that makes it fun,’ Judi says. ‘I would prefer the option she is playing it and that Charlie, who’s just arrived will be the one for her. I don’t know. I can’t see that she was really upset to be honest.’ Judi adds of Ekin-Su: ‘Everything that happens in there is a potential springboard for her to go off into another emotion and another scene. I sit there like Love Island bingo working out where she’ll go next and what’s she’s priming herself up for and the big row with Jay where she uses Davide’s words against him as well, she’s got some gall.’ Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Watch the full episode of Love or Lie Island here with new epodes dropping every Thursday.