Boris Johnson will address Tory MPs this afternoon after sending them a letter in the desperate hope of holding on as prime minister. He will appear at a meeting of the Conservative 1922 Committee at 4pm and make his case to rebellious backbenchers. This morning he wrote a letter to every Tory MP, calling the vote a chance to ‘put an end to the media’s favourite obsession’. Mr Johnson wrote in the letter: ‘Tonight is the moment to draw a line under the issues our opponents want us to talk about – and to focus instead on what really matters: the needs of the voters who sent us to Westminster. ‘I am asking you for your support tonight because I know how much we can achieve together. ‘Together, we won the biggest mandate for the Conservative Party in 40 years. As we promised, we resolved the long Brexit crisis and created a new and friendly relationship with the European Union.’ The letters are reportedly being distributed individually to Tory MPs’ offices, but with just hours until voting opens they have not yet all been received. His last-ditch bid to cling on to power comes hours before a secret ballot begins to decide on his future. It was confirmed this morning that enough of his own MPs had called for a change in leadership to trigger a formal vote after weeks of growing unrest on the Tory benches. A long time ally of the PM, ex-minister Jesse Norman, turned on Mr Johnson today and called his claims to have been ‘vindicated’ over the partygate affair ‘grotesque’. Former foreign secretary Jeremy Hunt, who lost out on the Tory leadership to Mr Johnson in 2019, confirmed he would vote to oust the PM. He wrote: ‘Anyone who believes our country is stronger, fairer and more prosperous when led by Conservatives should reflect that the consequence of not changing will be to hand the country to others who do not share those values. ‘Today’s decision is change or lose. I will be voting for change.’ Sir Graham Brady, who chairs the 1922 Committee and is responsible for running the vote, confirmed he informed the PM the threshold had been met on Sunday night. He said: ‘[Mr Johnson] shared my view, which is also in line with the rules that we have in place, that that vote should happen as soon as it could reasonably take place, and that would be today.’ Echoing Mr Johnson’s letter, a spokesperson said: ‘Tonight is a chance to end months of speculation and allow the Government to draw a line and move on, delivering on the people’s priorities. ‘The PM welcomes the opportunity to make his case to MPs and will remind them that when they’re united and focused on the issues that matter to voters, there is no more formidable political force.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.