Police have released new images of two men wanted in connection with a brutal assault on a Polish man. Kamil Sobala, who had lived in the UK previously, had travelled from Poland to the capital on Saturday. He had planned to move in with friends in the city. Kamil arrived at Victoria Station to meet them at a pub on Saturday and stopped to ask two men for directions after his phone died. The 31-year-old was questioned on where he came from, before the pair launched an attack. A week on from the assault, detectives have issued a new image of one of the men wanted in connection with the incident. No arrests have been made following the attack. The Met said in a statement: ‘A man was assaulted at around 7.50pm on Saturday, 18 June, in Elizabeth Street, SW1. The man, aged in his thirties, was subsequently taken to hospital for treatment to injuries before being discharged. ‘Two males made off from the location on foot. ‘Officers are now releasing an image of a man they wish to trace, who was captured running away from the scene on Ebury Street. ‘It is believed that this man carried out the violent assault. ‘They are also releasing an image of a second man, with darker hair, who appears to have been an associate of the other man and who stood by while the assault took place.’ Police say the incident is currently not being treated as a hate crime. The vicious assault was filmed by someone in a nearby pub and the video has been shared widely online. Kamil was taken to hospital following the assault. Following he incident, he said: ‘My back is painful and so is my eye, cheek and face. It was racist. They didn’t start attacking me until I said I was from Poland. ‘It’s terrible. I’m just scared of going to the shop I can’t sleep and I’m scared as well as full of pain. ‘They punched me until I couldn’t remember anything.’ Anyone who can identify either of the two men, or who has information that could assist police, is asked to call 101 or to tweet @MetCC, with the reference 7204/18JUN. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.