Two British fighters who joined the fight against invading troops in Ukraine have been sentenced to death, according to Russian media. Shaun Pinner and Aiden Aslin were subjected to what observers have described as a ‘show trial’. The pair were in the dock alongside a Moroccan man, Saaudun Brahim, in the supreme court of the self-declared People’s Republic of Donetsk. The court, which was set up by Moscow-backed militants who seized the territory in 2014, is not recognised internationally. Footage of the trial has been aired on state TV, with local officials accused of ‘trumping up charges’ against them for propaganda purposes by UK politicians. All three defendants were forced to ‘plead guilty’ to the charges in front of TV cameras yesterday. The Foreign Office has condemned the exploitation of prisoners of war for political purposes. A spokesperson said they are ‘entitled to combatant immunity and should not be prosecuted for participation in hostilities’. Mr Aslin, 28, from Newark, is an enlisted member of the Ukrainian army, having moved there in 2018. Mr Pinner, 48, from Watford, also said he had listed in the Ukrainian marines, a status which should give them both protection under the Geneva Convention. But Kremlin-backed authorities and media have sought to portray them as mercenaries and said they were involved in ‘terrorist activities’. Russian media outlet RIA Novosti reported Thursday that the three are set to face a firing squad. Interfax, another Russian news agency, claimed the men would be able to appeal against their convictions within the month. Ukrainian media had speculated earlier in the day that the court would pass a death sentence but commute it in favour of imprisonment. A Number 10 spokesperson said: ‘We are obviously deeply concerned by this. ‘We have said continually that prisoners of war shouldn’t be exploited for political purposes. ‘You will know that under the Geneva Convention prisoners of war are entitled to combatant immunity and they should not be prosecuted for participation in hostilities. ‘So we will continue to work with the Ukrainian authorities to try to secure the release of any British nationals who were serving in the Ukrainian armed forces and who are being held as prisoners of war.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.