Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have reportedly agreed to settle their ongoing revenge porn lawsuit at the eleventh hour. The former couple, who share five-year-old daughter Dream, were due to hash it out in court with the trial set to start in Los Angeles, California on Monday. Chyna, real name Angela White, had filed a lawsuit in 2017 claiming to have suffered ‘significant damages’ after Kardashian posted a series of explosive social media posts after their split, including allegations of infidelity, drug and alcohol abuse and three nude photos. She alleged that the scandal around her nude photos and and the influence from the Kardashian family caused the couple’s reality show, Rob & Chyna, to be axed before a second season. However, TMZ reported that Kardashian, 35, and Chyna, 34, had reached a settlement although it is not known if this was financial. Jury selection was due to start on Monday but potential jurors were informed that they were no longer needed due to the case being settled out of court. Judge Gregory Alarcon is expected to officially dismiss the lawsuit in a written ruling later today. It comes days after the pair failed to reach an agreement, with Kardashian’s legal team keen for the case not to reach trial stage. Chyna’s lawyer, Lynne Ciani, later told People: ‘Chyna is very pleased that the trial judge denied Rob’s motion to “enforce” a settlement that never existed. ‘Without a settlement, Chyna will prove her case to a Los Angeles jury on June 20 that Rob posted devastating revenge porn of her to millions of his Instagram followers without her consent.’ Ciani continued: ‘Revenge porn is a very dangerous form of violence predominantly perpetrated against girls and women. ‘Victims of revenge porn typically experience serious anxiety, shame, and helplessness. Some revenge porn victims have committed suicide. ‘Rob Kardashian has never taken responsibility for his heinous and vengeful act of posting revenge porn against Chyna in July 2017. He was never criminally prosecuted. It is finally time for Rob to be held accountable in a court of law.’ Kardashian and Chyna began dating in January 2016 before getting engaged in April. They announced they were expecting a child in May that year, while their reality series premiered in September. They welcomed daughter Dream in November before splitting in December that year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bruce Willis honoured with sweet tributes on Father’s Day amid health battles: ‘Coolest cat in town’ MORE : Martin Lawrence refuses to pay wedding bill if his daughter marries Eddie Murphy’s son amid their children’s sweet romance 