Matthew Perry has revealed he’s completed his long-awaited autobiography, but is slightly sad he has to now stop writing about himself. The Friends star, 52, who played Chandler Bing in the hit sitcom, has confirmed the tell-all book is finally ready, with fans able to get their hands on a copy later in the year. Sharing a photo of the first page of his manuscript showing the title, Friends, Lovers and The Big Terrible Thing, Matthew told his followers: ‘My ego doesn’t like that I have to stop writing about myself. But the book is now done. So that’s that.’’ The book is set to be released on November 1, with the actor previously promising to tell his story in his own words. He told  People Magazine in February: ‘So much has been written about me in the past. I thought it was time people heard from me. ‘The highs were high, the lows were low. But I have lived to tell the tale, even though at times it looked like I wouldn’t. And it’s all in here.’ Matthew also joked: ‘I apologise that it’s not a pop-up book.’ The book is set to chart Matthew’s rise to fame, becoming one of television’s best-known and highest-paid stars during Friends’ 10-year run, as well as his issues with alcohol and addiction over the years. Megan Lynch, publisher of Flatiron Books which is a division of Macmillan, previously said in a statement: ‘We need humour, we need catharsis, and we need to agree on something – and Matthew’s extraordinary story, told in his inimitable voice, is that thing. ‘Matthew’s book has unrivalled potential to bring people together, which feels especially galvanising right now, a time of isolation and division.’ The publisher added: ‘In the book, Perry takes readers behind-the-scenes and onto the soundstage of the most successful sitcom of all time while opening up about his private struggles with addiction. ‘Perry’s memoir, the first from a cast member of Friends, is unflinchingly honest, dishy, and hilarious: this is the book that Friends fans have been waiting for but will also shed a powerful light for anyone who is in their own battle for themselves or a loved one.’ Friends, Lovers and the Big Terrible Thing is due to be released on November 1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jennifer Aniston reveals why famous guest stars were always ’terrified’ of filming scenes on Friends MORE : Friends star Matthew Perry keeps things casual as he motors around LA in $145,000 Aston Martin sports car 