A young boy has died after riding a mini-motorbike, crashing and hitting a metal pole. Lennox Railton-Craggs, 4, died after jumping onto the front of his cousin’s mini-motorbike and pulling a lever so it would accelerate quickly. His cousin was learning how to ride the 50cc Yamaha, and when Lennox visited his cousin’s house he was keen to try it out. Lennox was told he must wear protective gear on the motorbike and ride at the back under his cousin’s supervision. But instead he jumped on to the front without any protective gear and told his older cousin to ride on the back. The inquest at Durham and Darlington Crown Court heard how Lennox fell off during the ride and on to rough ground near his home in Eldon Lane, Bishop Auckland. The family then rushed to the scene to give Lennox, a pupil at Prince Bishops Community School in Coundon Grange, CPR before the ambulance arrived. Ambulance crews arrived at 1pm on Sunday, January 23 this year and Lennox was airlifted to the Royal Victoria Infirmary (RVI) in Newcastle. Medics attempted emergency surgery, operating on his chest. But on arrival at hospital Lennox was in cardiac arrest. He died shortly afterwards. Detective inspector Leanne Green, the investigating police officer, said during the hearing: ‘Lennox was described as a little boy who liked motorbikes and liked quad bikes. ‘He had been quad biking with his family the day before. ‘His parents described that he was excited about the new bike and immediately asked if he could “have a go” on it. ‘He was told that he would have to wait until the time was right and that he would have to wear his protective equipment.’ The hearing heard how Lennox’s older cousin wanted to go at the front so she could control the revs, but Lennox managed to get in front because of his strength. DI Green continued: ‘It just looks like a mini-motorbike but it’s made for children so it’s quite small. Her father was supervising her, she was learning how to ride the bike.’ She said: ‘Both parents and [the other youngster] describe him as being very excited to see the motorbike and initially asking if he could have a go on it. ‘Mum and dad describe telling Lennox he would have to wait – he could go on but he would have to wear his PPE dropped off in the kitchen by grandma. ‘Lennox has pushed her and headbutted her in the tummy to get on the front. ‘He has sort of squirmed his way between her arms. Although he was four and his cousin was seven, he is described as being very strong and she was very slight.’ At the time, Lennox’s mum Rachel was packing dummies because they were going to his grandma’s for Sunday lunch. Rachel shouted at Lennox to get off the mini-motorbike. DI Green added: ‘He has pulled the lever to make it go faster and it has taken off. ‘His father, Michael, has been alerted and he has ran after the motorbike. ‘It has travelled in a diagonal direction on to the Tarmac. ‘As the bike has gone over a small bump the rear wheel has been seen to wobble. ‘Michael described seeing Lennox come off the bike and hit the vertical metal post.’ Lennox started crying when the crash happened but as he was taken back to the house by his family, his cries turned to ‘moans’ as he slowly began to change colour. Michael tried to put Lennox, who had two older twin sisters and two younger brothers, down but his legs gave way. Home Officer pathologist Dr Nigel Cooper gave the cause of death as haemorrhage and abdominal injury. A post mortem examination found the accident had created a fatal tear in the boy’s liver, which in turn caused internal bleeding. Assistant coroner Dr Leslie Hamilton concluded Lennox died as a result of the accident. ‘Despite all of the entirely appropriate and entirely heroic efforts to save his life, none of that was successful,’ Dr Hamilton said. ‘The reality is that nothing was going to make a difference. ‘In terms of a conclusion as a coroner, no-one intended this to happen. ‘It was something that happened quickly and spontaneously before it could be prevented.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.