James Bulger’s mother says she finally has ‘hope’ after meeting with Dominic Raab to discuss the parole hearing of one of her son’s killers. Denise Fergus hopes the justice secretary will intervene in the process that has seen Jon Venables apply for release from prison for the second time. Venables and Robert Thompson both left jail with new identities in 2001 at the age of 18. But Venables was sent back to prison in 2010 and 2017 after being caught with images of children being sexually abused. He was turned down for parole in 2020, and his new hearing is scheduled for August. Ms Fergus is determined to see Venables kept behind bars, and in May submitted a victim impact statement to the parole board. ‘Since handing in the statement it has felt out of my hands. I put so much into it. I had been keeping notes for the statement for weeks, and added these in with some other thoughts that just came from my heart,’ she told the Mirror. ‘Every time there is parole board news, it brings the same feelings back, the same dark place. But what keeps me going is getting justice for James.’ Two weeks after submitting the statement, Mr Raab agreed to meet with Ms Fergus and husband Stuart, as well as the chair of the James Bulger Memorial Trust. The mum-of-five admitted she was ‘very nervous’ ahead of the meeting on Wednesday, but said she left knowing she’d been ‘listened to and understood’. ‘I knew time was running out and this was our chance. I hope this is a step closer to getting some justice for my son James,’ she told the Mirror. ‘For the first time in many years, someone actually wanted to listen and not just brush me off. I left with a feeling of hope.’ The meeting lasted for about an hour during which James’ parents were able to ‘get all their points across’. Mr Raab – who is also deputy prime minister – was very hospitable and reassured them the issue was being taken seriously, Ms Fergus said. She added that it is not just her son she is seeking justice for, but for ‘all the victims who have to go through the parole board procedure’. Mr Raab has been open about wanting to allow interventions on parole hearings of high-risk offenders, and thanked Ms Fergus for ‘strengthening his resolve’ to do so. He said of the meeting: ‘Thank you, Denise, for your courage. I can’t begin to imagine what you’ve been through over so many years. ‘I was very moved to meet you, and you strengthened my resolve to reform the parole board.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.