The newest episode of DIY SOS: The Big Build has been branded one of the ‘best ever’ and ‘proper gut-wrenching‘ after the team renovated the home of a family whose daughter died just two weeks before filming. The Chapman family in Chorlton Kings, Gloucestershire, were particularly deserving of the help of Nick Knowles and his DIY SOS team after 60-year-old dad Pete developed fibromyalgia, a pain syndrome brought on by injury and stress. Pete was forced to retire from work to become a fulltime carer for his wife Sarah and daughters, Suzanne and Margaret, after they were all diagnosed with myotonic dystrophy, a life limiting genetic condition that causes muscles to gradually waste away. He also looks after his autistic brother Steve, who moved in with the family following the death of their mother. Tragically, just two weeks before the BBC show was due to start filming, the Chapmans were hit by the death of their youngest daughter Margaret, who succumbed to her illness after catching a cold. ‘As time went on, we realised it was going to get worse – and it did,’ Steve explained during the emotional episode. Despite their raw grief, the family decided to press on with the build, presenter Nick explained, ‘to give them the best chance of a brighter future.’ When the family were shown around their new house they were overcome with tears and gratitude. ‘I don’t think that thank you is going to cover it,’ said daughter Suzanne as she was shown around her own bathroom, asking for a tissue for her tears. ‘You’re starting to get me going now!’ warned Nick, in response. Steve’s thank you to the team of volunteers following the transformation of their home also reduced many of them to tears. Speaking about Margaret, he said: ‘I know that she has been watching over us so I think, when you wake up in the morning and look in the mirror, no matter what anybody ever says to you, you are all beautiful, lovely people and I love you so much – we all do – we all love you.’ ‘I will never forget you for this,’ he added. Multiple viewers took to social media in the aftermath, saying that their ‘faith in humanity’ had been restored by the episode. ‘This is possibly the most beautiful makeover I’ve seen on this programme’, tweeted one, while another wrote: ‘Broken after watching another superb #diysos. What that family have gone through – they so deserve this.’ ‘Hearing the families story at the beginning of the show had me in tears.. i’m now sobbing.. this family deserve it so much!!’ shared one fan. ‘I have no idea how Nick Knowles is able to keep it together at the end of DIY SOS. What an episode and what a family,’ commented another. DIY SOS: The Big Build continues at 8pm on Tuesday on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Doctor Who pictures reveal Neil Patrick Harris’ absolutely terrifying transformation as explosive scenes filmed in Bristol MORE : Tim Allen’s Home Improvement co-star Patricia Heaton slams Disney for ‘castrating’ Buzz Lightyear by using Chris Evans in new film 