Not much can cure a hangover quite like a McDonald’s meal delivered straight to your door. Emily Somers and her boyfriend Zac Parker clearly knew this, as they ordered takeaway on Sunday after they had gone to a birthday party the night before. But the 21-year-olds had a shock when Emily’s McPlant burger arrived with a handwritten label on it, reading: ‘Only ketamine’ – although the Class A drug was spelt incorrectly without the ‘e’. Emily, a self-confessed fussy eater, believes the McDonald’s staff may have been teasing her about the ‘only ketchup’ request she made for her meal. The letters ‘amin’ appear to be written in different handwriting to the rest of the label, suggesting someone may have added it on to the end of ‘only ket’, meaning ‘only ketchup’. Emily, from Headingley in Leeds, said: ‘We were so confused. It was so random. It was suggesting they’d laced my burger with drugs. ‘I took everything off and inspected it because I had to check to see if it had been tampered with. ‘I took it quite well initially but then I thought what if it was a mum ordering it for a child. You can’t [write] that. It’s inappropriate.’ The law student said she did not believe there was actually ketamine in her burger, but the label made her ‘apprehensive’ and put ‘a worry in her mind’. McDonald’s said it has ‘fully investigated’ what happened at its Kirkstall branch and ‘found nothing to suggest the box left the restaurant in this way’. The fast food giant gave Emily a £7.50 voucher but this is less than the full £19 Emily spent on her order. Uber Eats said it had spoken to the courier who made the delivery and determined he had not interfered with the order. Emily confirmed the bag was completely sealed when she received it. ‘There’s no way he could have tampered with it because it would have been ripped,’ she said. McDonald’s added: ‘We are, of course, disappointed the customer did not have the experience they expected, and apologise for any offence caused.’ Uber Eats said: ‘We want everyone who uses the Uber Eats platform to have the best possible experience. This is a concerning report and we are in contact with McDonald’s to understand what happened.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.