Alexandre Lacazette has opened up on his exit from Arsenal and sent a message to the club’s fans upon his departure. The 31-year-old’s five-year spell at the Emirates Stadium has come to an end, with the striker expected to return to former club Lyon when his contract expires at the end of June. Lacazette scored 71 goals in 206 appearances in all competitions after joining the Gunners from Ligue 1 side Lyon in 2017. When asked about the decision to leave the north London club in an exit interview on Arsenal’s website, he said: ‘With the club, we decided to go apart – the club taking a new direction but the end of my contract as well. ‘So now it is time for me to have a new experience, a new adventure.’ ‘It’s complicated to choose one highlight when you live five years in a club with a lot of teammates and managers,’ Lacazette added. ‘It was a pleasure to play in a club that since I was young I dreamed about [playing for]. ‘I want to say a big thank you [to the fans], because there were a lot of expectations for me when I signed. The welcome was amazing for me. ‘During my five years, it’s been amazing with the fans in the stadium. Thank you for the song as well, it touched me. A big thank you for everything. ‘I will keep in contact with my teammates, the manager and the club.’ Gunners boss Mikel Arteta said: ‘Laca has been a fantastic player for us. ‘He’s been a real leader on and off the pitch and has been a very important influence to our younger players. ‘His commitment with us has been exceptional and we wish him and his family success and happiness.’ Technical director Edu added: ‘A big thank you to Laca from everyone at Arsenal. ‘He’s been really important for us. He will always be part of the Arsenal family and we wish him well for everything in the future.’ MORE : Brentford eye transfer moves for Arsenal and Man Utd targets Aaron Hickey and Max Aarons MORE : Arsenal hero Paul Merson doubts two Chelsea targets can replace ‘outstanding’ Antonio Rudiger For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 