Ronald Koeman has revealed Frenkie de Jong told him is keen to remain at Barcelona amid mounting speculation he is set to join Manchester United. The Netherlands international represents the No.1 transfer target for new United boss Erik ten Hag, who wants to shape a new-look midfield around the qualities of the 25-year-old. Ten Hag worked with De Jong during their time together at Ajax and views the midfield technician as essential to the brand of football he wishes to implement at Old Trafford. United failed with their opening bid but are now reported to be on the brink of agreeing a £68million fee with Barcelona and could complete his signing within the next week. Barcelona manager Xavi had been keen to retain De Jong’s services, but the Catalan giants need to raise money quickly to help secure their own transfer targets, including the likes of Robert Lewandowski. Koeman, meanwhile, coached De Jong at both club and international level and still maintains a close relationship with the player who, according to him, would prefer to remain at Barcelona. ‘The only thing I know is that Frenkie wants to continue at Barca,’ Koeman told Esport 3. ‘A couple of days ago he told me he wanted to continue. What I don’t know is if Barca wants to sell him or needs money because he is one of the few players for whom they can get a good amount. ‘For me, De Jong is a great player for Barca.’ United, meanwhile, have made a slow start to their summer transfer dealings but are expected to ramp up their activity in the coming weeks. Attention will turn to Ajax winger Antony once a deal for De Jong is completed, while United also retain an interest in the Brazilian winger’s teammate Lisandro Martinez, who is also wanted by Arsenal. MORE : Chelsea open talks with Manchester City over double move for Raheem Sterling and Nathan Ake MORE : Manchester United on cusp of agreeing £68million deal with Barcelona for Frenkie de Jong Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below 