Sir Mick Jagger made a glorious return to the stage with The Rolling Stones at British Summer Time (BST) festival in Hyde Park on Saturday. The 78-year-old musician brought the house down as the rock band – which features guitarists Keith Richards and Ronnie Wood – marked 60 years since their first ever show at the Marquee Club in London. Sir Mick donned a vibrant flowery green jacket, while guitarist Ronnie rocked a blue suede jacket and a purple shirt. The legendary group were also joined by Steve Jordan on the drums, following the death of drummer Charlie Watts who died aged 80 last year. ‘It’s lovely to be here. In 1962, we met a drummer from Wembley called Charlie Watts,’ the frontman told the excited crowd. ‘And sadly, this is our first time in London without him. So, we would like to dedicate this show to Charlie.’ Before a powerful performance of Paint It Black, Sir Mick also reminded the fans: ‘It’s almost 60 years to this week that we played that first every show at the Marquee, so we want to thank you very much for coming back to see us.’ Sir Mick recently insisted that he was feeling ‘much better’ since revealing his Covid diagnosis on Monday June 13, where he apologised for having to cancel gigs with ‘such short notice’. Updating his fans on Instagram, he wrote: ‘I’m feeling much better and can’t wait to get back on stage next week! ‘The Amsterdam date has been rescheduled for July 7 and we’ll have news of the new Bern date ASAP. See you soon! Mick.’ As well as Sir Mick’s update, the iconic rock band also offered their ‘deepest apologies’ to fans who had been due to see them in Amsterdam on Monday but said they ‘can’t wait’ for the rescheduled date. The Jumpin’ Jack Flash hitmaker had apologised profusely to Dutch fans who were disappointed the gig had been postponed, writing he was ‘so sorry’ about ‘such short notice’. ‘I have unfortunately just tested positive for Covid,’ he wrote at the time, promising they would ‘get back as soon as we can’ and thanking them for their ‘patience and understanding’. Elsewhere, Sir Elton John kicked off the annual festival on June 24 with a special stop on his Farewell Yellow Brick Road Tour, while American band Eagles, will celebrate 50 years as a band to close the first weekend of BST Hyde Park in style on Sunday, June 26. Global icon Adele will take to the stage on July 1 and 2 for what should be a pair of very special shows. She’ll be joined by Gabrielle, Kacey Musgraves, Nilufer Yanya, Tianna Major9, Chrissi, Bonnie Kemplay, Ruti and Tamzene. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sir Elton John dedicates song to George Michael at BST Hyde Park day before late singer’s birthday: ‘I love you and I miss you’ MORE : When is BST Hyde Park and what is the full line up? Dates, tickets and more 