Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov said he plans to defeat not only Ukraine, but other ‘worthless European states.’ The warlord is one of Vladimir Putin’s strongest supporters and frequently refers to himself as the president’s ‘foot soldier’. In a long-winded rant on social media, the 45-year-old has now described fighting against Nato as a ‘pleasure.’ He also claimed the West would withdraw sanctions against Russia and be forced to apologise to Putin. Russia is behind us, together we are strong and we will defeat not only Ukraine,’ said Kadyrov. ‘Ukraine is not at war with us, we will defeat Nato, all those Nato allies… We will punish these states too. ‘If it were my will, I would take all those worthless European states…[which] call our president and Russian people obscene words. ‘I would step by step grab these states away so America has no allies… The war must prolong until they withdraw all sanctions and apologise.’ Kadyrov was recently in Moscow to meet with Russia’s Minister of Defence Sergei Shoigu. The pair said they discussed plans to ‘de-Nazify’ Ukraine. This week, Kadyrov also sent hundreds of new ‘volunteers’ to the Donbas region to attempt to prop up Russia’s stalling war effort. In a propaganda video, Kadyrov himself is described as a ‘hero’, as it is promised that fighters joining the war against Ukraine will return with ‘pride and honour’. In the video, new recruits can be seen jumping aboard buses and waving to the camera. One man holds a Russian flag and waves it as the voiceover continues. Kadyrov has been overseeing a major recruitment campaign which targets those aged between 25 and 50 from both Chechnya but also all around Russia. He boasted: ‘In addition to professional fire and tactical training, our instructors train fighters according to a unique medical programme that minimises losses amongst personnel.’ He frequently uses the word ‘war’ during the rant, a term banned in Russia where the conflict in Ukraine is more commonly known as a ‘special operation.’ ‘War is a pleasure,’ Kadyrov added in the video. ‘We are getting this pleasure. ‘As [Putin] said, we will die like martyrs and they will just die…’ Kadyrov publicly announced plans to back Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in March. He issued a chilling message warning opponents ‘you don’t have long left’ as he vowed to ‘end’ those who don’t surrender to Russian forces. Chechen forces were known to be at the siege of Mariupol and were said to be among occupying forces who killed civilians in the suburbs of Kyiv. His troops have been accused of committing war crimes in Ukraine. Kadyrov himself, who frequently posts to social media, is infamous for overseeing anti-gay ‘purges’ in Chechnya and for his attempts to restrict the rights of women. The Human Rights Watch say multiple kidnappings and the use of torture in the region are so rife that they constitute ‘crimes against humanity’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.