Prince William and Prince George melted the hearts of Brits as they sang along to Sweet Caroline at the Platinum Jubilee party at Buckingham Palace. A crowd of 22,000 people in London and a television audience of millions witnessed the unexpected moment. While Sir Rod Stewart lost his voice at times during his performance, the adorable dad and son duo belted out the lyrics while waving Union Jack flags. As the eldest of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s children, the public’s eyes are always on George, who is third in line to the throne. His knowledge of the Neil Diamond song, which became an anthem for football fans during Euro 2020, is a sign Britain’s future is ‘in safe hands’, according to Twitter users. Dressed in a mustard yellow blazer, Mr Stewart ended his set with ‘Up the NHS’ and ‘God save Ukraine’. There was a mixed reaction to his cover, with some people saying ‘a serious crime’ had just happened in the palace when he ‘murdered’ the song. But mostly, the audience could not take their eyes off George. People instantly took to social media, with one saying it was ‘the best thing’ she saw that day. ‘Prince George singing the words to Sweet Caroline might be the most British thing I’ve ever seen,’ another wrote. Stylish as ever, Kate Middleton and Princess Charlotte also joined the nation in singing along to Elton John, Alicia Keys, Duran Duran and Craig David. Another heart-warming moment from the concert showed the mum and daughter having a little boogie in their seats to Diana Ross. The Cambridges were all sitting in one box along with Prince Charles, the Duchess of Cornwall and Princess Anne. Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle did not attend the concert in person, and are believed to have watched the event in Windsor with the monarch. At the end of the event – rumoured to have cost taxpayers millions – the public was also moved to tears as Prince Charles paid a moving tribute to his ‘mummy’. ‘On behalf of us all, I wanted to pay my own tribute to your lifetime of selfless service,’ he said. ‘Your family now spans four generations. You are our Head of State. And you are also our mother. ‘Your “strength and stay” is much missed this evening, but I am sure he is here in spirit. My Papa would have enjoyed the show and joined us wholeheartedly in celebrating all you continue to do for your country and your people.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.