Prince Charles stood in for the Queen on the first day of Royal Ascot as the meet came ‘back to life’ following three years of reduced capacity. Thousands of punters filled the stands up to the rafters for the first time since before the Covid pandemic. Many were hoping to catch a glimpse of the Queen – a passionate racehorse owner and breeder – but it was announced shortly beforehand that she would not be attending. However, Her Majesty is likely to have watched proceedings on television from Windsor Castle and been kept abreast of developments by her racing advisor John Warren. The traditional carriage procession still went ahead, with the royals appearing along the course before racing began led by the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall. They were followed by Princess Beatrice and her husband, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, who eventually made their way to an exclusive area. Ever the fun royal, Zara Tindall was spotted joking and laughing with her uncle Charles and at one point put her arm around the future king as they chatted. Princess Beatrice also showed her sense of humour when she, seemingly sarcastically, told the press following her: ‘I’ll be here all day’. Other guests photographed among the crowds included the Duchess of Cambridge’s parents Carole and Michael Middleton. Later in the royal box, Charles and Camilla stood clutching official programmes as they watched the racing from a balcony with the Countess of Wessex. Even though the Queen could not make it to this year’s beloved event, she certainly made sure her presence was felt by everyone who travelled to Berkshire for today. Writing in the official programme, Her Majesty said: ‘After the challenges of recent times, this year’s royal meeting provides a long-awaited opportunity for supporters of racing from all over the world to come together for five days of outstanding sport. ‘Once again, it is thrilling that horses from around the globe have travelled to Royal Ascot to compete at the highest level.’ The Queen has more than 10 horses entered over the five days of the event and, with her Windsor Castle home just a 15-minute drive away, there is still some hope that she will attend during the week. Notably, three-year-old colt Reach For The Moon, trained by John and Thady Gosden, has been dubbed the one to watch in 2022. Reach For The Moon was unable to race in the Epsom Derby, so all eyes will be on the Hampton Court Stakes – hoping for a Jubilee win during the Thursday, June 16 race. Also running in Royal Ascot 2022 are three-year-old filly Perfect Alibi, trained by William Haggas, and five-year-old gelding King’s Lynn, who is trained by A.M. Balding. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.