Brad Pitt has hit back at ex-wife Angelina Jolie in the ongoing legal battle over the sale of her stake in their vineyard. The Mr & Mrs Smith co-stars have been embroiled in various legal battles since Angelina, 49, filed for divorce from Brad, 56, in 2016. They have hashed it out in court over custody of their six children – Shiloh, Pax, Vivienne, Maddox, Zahara and Knox – and are now going head-to-head over their vineyard, Chateau Miraval SA, of which they bought a controlling interest in 2008. Situated in the village of Correns in south-eastern France, the estate features a home and a vineyard and was purchased by the former couple for around €25million (£20,875,500). However, in new legal documents, lawyers on behalf of Fight Club star Brad claim that under his stewardship, the business had grown into a ‘multimillion-dollar international success story’ while Angelina had ‘contributed nothing’. It’s said that Brad contributed 60% to the purchase price, with the Tomb Raider actress paying the remaining 40%. In the documents, obtained by PA, it’s alleged that Angelina sold her stake to a Luxembourg-based spirits manufacturer controlled by Russian oligarch Yuri Shefler, without Brad’s knowledge. ‘Through the purported sale, Jolie sought to inflict harm on Pitt,’ his legal team argued. ‘Jolie knew and intended that Shefler and his affiliates would try to control the business Pitt had built and to undermine Pitt’s investment in Miraval.’ It added that Shefler ‘has gained notoriety through cutthroat business tactics and dubious professional associations’ and the association with him ‘jeopardises the reputation of the brand Pitt so carefully built’. ‘All of this is the direct result of Jolie’s unlawful and tortious conduct,’ they stated. Brad’s lawyers added: ‘In violation of the parties’ agreement, Jolie has sought to force Pitt into partnership with a stranger, and worse yet, a stranger with poisonous associations and intentions.’ His legal team also said the wine business at the property continues to flourish and claimed that ‘though she benefited from Miraval’s success, Jolie had no involvement in these efforts’. Angelina is said to have informed her former husband of her decision to sell to Shefler in January 2021, saying she had reached a ‘painful decision, with a heavy heart’. Brad’s attorneys have requested a trial by jury. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Angelina Jolie’s reps and lawyer for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp joins TikTok and amasses nearly 2,000,000 followers as he ‘gets life back’ after winning Amber Heard trial MORE : Sky News presenter becomes latest person to butcher Jeremy Hunt’s name live on-air – and doesn’t even notice 