Warning: spoilers ahead for Stranger Things season 4 volume 1. The creators of Stranger Things have shared that the storyline concerning Will Byers’ sexuality will be explored further in the Netflix series, as viewers express their hope for answers. Since the beginning of the show, Will’s (Noah Schnapp) sexual orientation has been a topic of discussion, with many viewers drawing the conclusion that he could be gay. In a season 3 scene when Mike (Finn Wolfhard) and Will are arguing, Mike makes a point of saying: ‘It’s not my fault you don’t like girls,’ while a heartbreaking storyline in season 4 volume 1 has sparked many fans to theorise that Will may have developed a crush on his friend, although this has not been confirmed. Noah recently said that the writers of the sci-fi show had left Will’s sexuality ‘up to the audience’s interpretation’, saying: ‘If it’s Will kind of just refusing to grow up and growing up slower than his friends, or if he is really gay.’ However, Matt and Ross Duffer, who created the series, promised that there’s ‘a lot more resolution’ to come. While speaking to Variety, the Duffer brothers said: ‘The full arc of the story hasn’t come to pass yet because we really are in episode seven, it’s what we call the end of our second act. ‘So there’s a lot more resolution in the story; we’re trying to do the same with the characters’ arcs. And I would say that applies to Will’s arc.’ The duo added that ‘it’s going to be much easier to talk about for everyone’ – for themselves and the members of the cast – when volume two of season four drops in July. ‘But certainly, his journey and arc is far from finished,’ they stated. Meanwhile, Noah appeared to throw his support behind Will and Mike getting together in future on the series, despite Mike currently being in a relationship with Eleven. ‘S4 has me shipping byler over anything… vol. 2 now!!’ he tweeted, referencing ‘Byler’, the ship name given to Will Byers and Mike Wheeler. As expected, fans went wild over his tweet, with the post garnering over 174,000 likes. The official account for Netflix Geeked responded: ‘Will deserves to receive the same love he gives.’ We couldn’t agree more. Stranger Things is available to watch on Netflix. Season 4 volume 2 drops on Friday July 1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stranger Things writers apologise for ‘forgetting’ Will’s birthday after fans spot heartbreaking detail MORE : Kate Bush song returns to Official Chart top 10 for first time in a decade thanks to Stranger Things viral success 