It’s important for children to see themselves reflected in the world around them, which is why representation can be incredibly valuable. Diverse and inclusive media, films, music, and even celebrities on TV, can help young people to feel accepted and foster a sense of belonging – the books we read should be no different. Finding books with characters that speak to your own experiences, that resonate with your lived experiences, or just simply make you feel seen, can be an important antidote to isolation – particularly for children and young people. So, if you’re looking to gift a child or teenager in your life a book that will expand their horizons, or make them feel less alone – start with this list of books that focus on LGBTQ+ identity: Benjamin Dean Perfect for 9+ readers Bea’s family are happy. Like, really happy. Like, kind of gross but also cute happy. So when they visit London Pride together and have the ultimate day out, Bea doesn’t think her family could possibly get any happier. But a year later, their dad has passed away, and without him around they have no choice but to pack their bags and move to the countryside to live with Gran. With Bea’s big sister, Riley, taking the news hard, Bea will do anything to cheer her up. So with the help of new friends, The Secret Sunshine Project is formed. Jen Carney Readers age 7-10 Billie Upton Green takes us through an eventful couple of weeks in her life. First of all, new girl Janey McVey joins her class and she’s a bit of a show-off; then someone steals a purse at Billie’s school, and then, most importantly of all, Billie’s mums announce they are getting married. Greg Howard Readers age 9-12 This coming-of-age story that centres on 11-year-old Riley. Riley is gay (he has a big crush on an older boy called Dylan) and often finds himself on the receiving end of taunts from his classmates. But that’s the least of his worries at the moment – what Riley is most concerned about is his mum. She disappeared a few months ago and still hasn’t been found. Jacqueline Wilson and Nick Sharratt Reading age 11+ Teenage life can be pretty tough – particularly for almost 14-year-old Frankie. Her mum is seriously ill with MS, her dad has left their family, and Frankie has to contend with former friend Sally and her gang of bullies every day at school. Akwaeke Emezi Reading age: 12-17 This novel stars Jam, a trans girl living in the city of Lucille, where the children have been told monsters no longer roam. But if that’s the case, then why has one emerged from one of her mother’s paintings and taken up residence in their room? What is Pet there to show her and her best friend, Redemption? Together, they’ll quest to find out, and learn that monsters come in many forms. L.C. Rosen Reading age: Young adult This story revolves around a gay boy named Jack who finds himself running an online sex advice column, and getting badgered by a homophobic stalker as a result. While he tries to figure out who’s attempting to destroy him, he helps a lot of other kids along way, with unfiltered conversations about blow jobs, asexuality, BDSM, fetishisation of queer guys by straight girls, and more. Jacqueline Wilson and Nick Sharratt Reading age: 8-11 Fans of Tracy Beaker have always speculated that Tracy’s foster mum Cam was a lesbian despite this never being explicitly mentioned in the first book, In My Mum Tracy Beaker, we see Cam getting close to Mary aka Miss Oliver, who is also Jess’s teacher, but it’s not until We Are The Beaker Girls that Jess refers to her as Cam’s partner. David Levithan Reading age: 13+ Paul is a sophomore at a high school where the cheerleaders ride Harleys; the trans homecoming queen, Infinite Darlene, is also the star quarterback; and the local Boy Scouts have renamed themselves the ‘Joy Scouts’ after renouncing the organisation’s gay-unfriendly policies. Against this wonderfully utopian background, the super-confident Paul, ‘the first openly gay class president in Mrs Farquar’s third grade class’ meets a boy, Noah, and falls in love. Malorie Blackman Reading age: 14+ Dante is waiting for the postman. It’s ‘A’ level results day and he has high hopes, but a knock on the door brings an old girlfriend and some news that will change his plans for good. Written from the point of view of two teenage brothers: Dante, who is looking forward to university and a successful career, unexpectedly finds himself faced with the demands of full time single parenthood, and Adam, who is happy to be gay and makes no secret of it, but ultimately suffers from the intolerance of those around him. Susie Day Reading age: 9-11 Things have been tough for Max since his mum died; his dad is having to work multiple jobs and so Max is often left looking after his three younger sisters. But then his dad – who he’s always admired – finds himself in trouble and has to disappear. Max needs to step up and be a ‘big man’ even though he’s terrified. So, he and his sisters run away to hide at a remote Welsh cottage until their dad returns. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How same-sex parents can give their kids both male and female role models growing up MORE : Experts share unexpected emotional issues of reproductive donation – and advice for same-sex parents MORE : How to deal with the emotions of realising you’re not going to have a baby in the ‘traditional’ way 