Apple is set to release several new devices between this fall and the beginning of 2023, according to a report from Bloomberg. The new products will include four iPhone 14 devices, a set of new iPads, three Apple Watches, several M2 / M3-upgraded Macs, a pair of refreshed AirPods Pro buds, a new HomePod, and an upgraded Apple TV model. Earlier this month, Apple announced two new Macs with its flagship M2 processor at its Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC). The new chip and its variations are reportedly expected to feature in a number of devices like an M2 Mac mini, M2 Pro Mac mini, M2 Pro / M2 Max 14 and 16-inch MacBook Pros, as well as an M2 Ultra / M2 Extreme Mac Pro. Apple’s rumoured mixed reality headset, will also likely feature the new M2 chip. The report also said that Apple was already working on its M3 processor which is expected to make an appearance in the 13 and 15-inch MacBook Air laptops due next year. Of the new iPhone 14, only the Pro and Pro Max models will reportedly have the new and powerful A16 chip and an always-on display. The iPhone 14 Pro models are also supposed to come with a 48-megapixel camera sensor, a new notch featuring a ‘pill-shaped cutout’ for Face ID, and a hole-punch-style selfie camera. The report also mentioned a 11-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro models later this year, in addition to a larger iPad between 14 and 15 inches coming in the ‘next year or two’. The tech giant is also expected to release three new Apple Watch models, the Series 8, a new SE, and a ‘rugged’ watch geared towards people into ‘extreme sports’. We might also see the Series 3 discontinued this fall in favour of the new SE. Other devices include a new Apple TV with an A14 chip and slightly more RAM this fall. This sets the device up for the ‘additional gaming capabilities’ that we could see in tvOS 16. Apple’s also set to roll out an upgraded HomePod next year with a refreshed display, and potential support ‘multi-touch functionality’. The AirPods Pro earbuds are also getting an upgrade with a new chip and improved sound with lossless audio. MORE : Captain America’s Chris Evans finally upgrades from an iPhone 6S after seven years and fans are horrified MORE : Man stunned to find iPhone still works after 10 months at the bottom of a river