This week we move into Cancer season. On June 21, all the astrological crabs will feel right at home in their summery cosmic phase. Cancer season can heighten your emotions, stir your passions, make you feel like sharing your secret desires, and rouse your curiosity to know other people’s. It’s a time to bed down with the familiar and deepen the bonds, intensity and intimacy of your connections. Ready to dive right in? Let your tarot horoscope guide you through this week. Ahead, you’ll find your star sign’s forecast for the week ahead, with a tarot card pulled for each sign along with its meaning. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: Death Meaning: Death is the tarot’s powerful card of change and transformation. Everything could be different in your relationship landscape by the end of Cancer season, so buckle up for a wild ride. It will start with your own actions and decisions. Some connections have run their course, and you’re ready to move on. Doing so will create a ripple effect of unforeseen consequences that might surprise you. Let it all unfold. All of this is happening for a good reason. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: Ace of Cups Meaning: Major new love is on the horizon, Taurus. Major. This might be a new romance (most likely), almost a kind of love at first sight, twin flame vibe. It could also be a new friendship that has lifelong potential, the birth or beginning of a pregnancy, a new pet, a new family member arriving. Water signs are well starred for you this Cancer season – look out for charismatic and creative Scorpios, Cancers and Pisceans. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: The Hanged Man Meaning: You’ve felt a little stalled or frustrated with some of your friendships recently, maybe they feel like a one-way street, or like they’ve hit a dead end, or that they’re just not ticking like they used to. The Hanged Man brings limbo into your relationships for a reason – you need to adapt your approach and attitude. When you change your perspective (matching the reality vs ideal or desired version of things) you will see what the block has been and how to overcome it. Think out of the box. Change your lens. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Three of Coins Meaning: You are being admired from afar, by an influential Earth sign (Virgo, Taurus or Capricorn). This person is in a position to offer you something worthwhile and rewarding, so make sure you’re visible and present in front of people with power. This is likely to be a work connection. Showcase your talents and strengths. Be confident. Ask for greater responsibility or scope. Act like you’re already at the level you’re aspiring to. You can use your network and favourable reputation to get ahead this Cancer season. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: Eight of Swords Meaning: Same old, same old. Some relationships have become too predictable for your liking and you feel like you’re in a Groundhog Day scenario with some people. The Eight of Swords reminds you that it takes two, that your dynamic is as much on your shoulders as theirs. So, change it up. Be different and act differently, and you’ll find they change their stance or behaviour too. And maybe that’s all it takes to reboot the spark and interest again here. Try it! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: Two of Swords Meaning: You’ve got a big decision to make about an important and long-standing relationship in your world. The Two of Swords shows this has hung over you for a while now. Perhaps the dynamic is off-kilter and you’re building up to confronting this and trying to change things. It’s hard to express your truth sometimes as you hate conflict or feeling like you’ve disappointed someone. Virgo, speak your mind, express yourself. This cross roads won’t disappear, it’s waiting for you to choose a path and take action. Things will improve as soon as you do! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: The Devil Meaning: The Devil brings temptation and sexual tension into your love life world… and maybe from a direction that it really shouldn’t! All’s fair in love and war – so they say – but you know that this could have major consequences. Libra, resist the paths of least resistance this Cancer season. Don’t do anything you’ll regret. Don’t let the moment overwhelm you. Play nice, play fair, play to win. If it feels like temptation, please walk away. This will soon pass so don’t get yourself into a right old pickle. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: Two of Coins Meaning: Abundance is the name of the game for you this Cancer season. You are ready to expand your friendship circle, welcome in new suitors, reunite with old faces, broaden your professional network, and re-introduce people from your wider family or community. The Two of Coins asks you to make as many new friends and acquaintances (and whatever else) as you can over the next four weeks. You need this new injection of energy. It will bring positive opportunities your way. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: Six of Wands Meaning: Celebrate good times, Sagittarius (like you need an excuse.. your Jupiter ruler makes you the party animal of the zodiac). The Six of Wands is a victory card, praising your progress so far, saying that you’re in the right place, with the right people, and you should celebrate and appreciate all that you’ve got and done. Organise lovely outings and gatherings with those you love and like. Attract more good fortune in love and friendship and family by celebrating what you already have! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: Eight of Cups Meaning: There is a relationship that has pained you for a long time, been troublesome, draining, and difficult. My friend, it’s not going to improve and the sooner you call time on it, the better you’ll feel. The Eight of Cups has a tinge of sadness – it’s always a shame to lose someone or walk away. However, it also promises better ties ahead. This parting was necessary to make space for a new, positive relationship that’s just around the corner. Don’t drag this out any longer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: Knight of Swords Meaning: This Cancer season you need to be assertive, direct, and forthright with people who you’ve found difficult or obstinate recently. You’ve tried playing nice. Well, now it’s time to be more pushy and authoritative yourself, to draw a line, to rebalance the power dynamic. The Knight of Swords asks you to be clear and ambitious without tipping over into emotive displays or aggression. Just state the facts, be calm, listen carefully. This show of power is needed right now or the scales will only tip further – and not in the right direction. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: Eight of Coins Meaning: Don’t give up on someone you’ve known a long time but have had problems with recently. The Eight of Coins acknowledges that this has felt more like work than play recently, but also promises things can improve. They are going through something themselves, they need you more than they let on, and this isn’t going to last forever. Stand with them. Show them you care. Let them know you’re always there. This reassurance will mean the world. And your relationship will survive this rough patch, maybe even be better because of it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Gemini MORE : What type of traveller you are, based on your star sign – and your ideal holiday