We’re being swept up in all things summer. From Pimms to picnics, it’s all we want to talk about – and summer fashion is all we want to wear too. Whether it’s a cool linen dress or a pair of strappy sandals, we love the relaxed style that comes with warmer weather. However, summer is also a time when fashion duds are a-plenty. The less structured pieces of this season can often end up being too sheer or shapeless, leaving you feeling short-changed as a result. Thankfully, if you look hard enough you can find hidden gems that look pricier and more upmarket than the number on the tag. When looking for such items, stick to classic shapes. Don’t stray too far away from well loved and worn silhouettes. If you want something a little different, always look for a point of difference in a piece; such as the fringing in the hot pink & Other Stories dress below. Meanwhile, hues of white and beige always look expensive – but this doesn’t mean you have to shy away from colour. Just make sure the material is solid and the piece of choice is well made, which will add a grown-up feel to a brighter aesthetic. Our top pick? The stunning multicoloured halter trapeze maxi dress by Asos, which is a head-turner without the hefty price tag. Happy shopping! Get it for £34.99 at H&M. Get them for £55 at Charles & Keith. Get it for £89 at Arket. Get the blazer for £59.99 and the trousers for £29.99 at Zara. Get it for £59.99 at Mango. Get it for £120 at Asos. Get it for £99 at Djerf Avenue. Get it for £35 at Monki Get it for £120 at & Other Stories. Get it for £59 at Cos. Get it for £36 at Karen Millen. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Crossrail purple fashion buys to match with the new Elizabeth Line MORE : Woman discovers suitcase full of grandmother’s vintage 1950s fashion MORE : Fashion-lover hasn’t bought new clothes in three years – and has saved £20k as a result