Ah, Brits in summer. We spend most of it wishing the weather was hotter and sunnier, and then when things do hot up, we complain. Well that moaning need not continue because a wealth of new products are offering much-needed relief from the sun. From paddling pools and fans to refreshing teas and ice creams, we have you covered. If you’re not able to get to the coast, cool off in your garden, patio or terrace by splashing out on this sweet, watermelon paddling pool. Time to chill. Buy it for £27.99 from Amazon. Keeping the heat off can be a breeze with this retro pedestal fan: low noise levels and adjustable tilt make it a cool choice for work, rest and play. Buy it for £69.99 from Studio. Fill this luxe, gold trug with handfuls of ice and keep cocktails, mocktails, cans and bottles nicely chilled. A garden party must-have. Buy it for £19.99 from Aldi. We take sleep very seriously here at Hot List, so this pretty white bedding, made from responsibly sourced cotton and linen yarns, will help get good shut-eye in the warmer nights. Buy it for £115 for a double duvet cover from Secret Linen Store. Garden parasols are our 2022 crush for creating a shady spot, and this vintage floral design with coral fringing will elevate every outdoor space into a little patch of paradise. Buy it for £375 from Rockett St George. Keep hydrated in the heat by filling up this pretty drinks cooler with chilled water and sliced lemons. Thirsty work… Buy it for £59.95 from Vibrant Home. It’s ice cream season, so stock up the freezer with tubs of traditional Italian gelato in mouth-watering Amarena Cherry & Mascarpone, Gianduia Hazelnut & Cocoa Cream and Limoncello Sicilian Lemon. La dolce vita! Buy for £5.75 from Waitrose. Iced tea is our warm weather go-to for staying refreshed in the heat – and these organic herbal infusions (green, hibiscus, rose, black, white and jasmine teas) are pretty special brews. Buy a 6-pack sample for £14.99 from Kaytea. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Refillable beauty brand offers 60% off sustainable summer-proof makeup MORE : Are you experiencing summertime loneliness? Here’s how to cope