Often described as a London village, Chiswick has long been popular with families and post-pandemic, current and would-be residents are appreciating how much it has to offer. It’s by the river, full of bars, brasseries and restaurants, has high-performing schools and a packed calendar of events. Being on two Tube and two train lines and convenient for the M4, getting around is easy. ‘What Covid highlighted was how this district had everything one required. You didn’t need to leave. And if you did, how well-connected you were,’ explains Alexander Lewis, a partner at estate agency Knight Frank. Chiswick does period homes rather well. There are Georgian townhouses along Chiswick Mall by the river, Victorian and Edwardian semis and terraces throughout and red-brick villas and cottages in Bedford Park, regarded as the world’s first garden suburb. Nothing’s cheap, by any stretch of the imagination, but head towards South Acton to get slightly more for your money. Expect to pay from at least £350,000 for a small one-bed conversion or purpose-built flat, and close to £1million for a three-bedroom Victorian cottage. A spacious house in one of Chiswick’s nine conservation areas is going to set you back considerably more. Chiswick Green, by Great Marlborough Estates, is the only significant current development. Sitting on the High Road overlooking the green space and listed church on Turnham Green, it will comprise 137 one, two and three-bedroom apartments across three buildings. They have calm, muted interiors, kitchens with matt cabinetry and Siemens appliances and a WiredScore certification to ensure the optimal digital connectivity. Most incorporate a balcony or terrace, and there’s a concierge and a communal roof garden on top of two of the blocks. Eco features include renewable energy from solar roof panels and air source heat pumps, which keep running costs low and reduce carbon emissions, and residents will get two years’ free car club membership. Apartments start from £580,000, and four townhouses will also be delivered. Find out more on the Chiswick Green website. Jackson-Stops will soon be launching three luxury penthouses on Barrowgate Road, a short walk from the High Road. Complete with two double bedrooms, open-plan living areas and large terraces, they start from £645,000. Find out more on the Jackson-Stops website. And a collection of two and three-bed riverside apartments will be unveiled this summer at Corney Reach Way, though prices haven’t yet been released, also via Jackson-Stops. A new report by Knight Frank highlights several green-lighted residential schemes. Among them are 34 units on Harvey Nichols Group’s office HQ on Chiswick High Road, and 234 new flats at The Fourth Mile, a mixed-use scheme north of the Chiswick roundabout. In excellent condition, this one-bed flat is on the ground floor of a converted Edwardian house and has high ceilings, large windows and a big shared garden. Find out more with Fletcher Estates. A roomy three-bed ground floor apartment, set behind private gates within the grounds of Chiswick. House and including communal gardens and a private patio. Find out more with Barnard Marcus. This detached house includes five bedrooms, a contemporary kitchen and wraparound living/ entertaining space with bifold doors onto the patio, and a garden studio. Find out more with Dexters. Schools, crime and house price data supplied by Zoopla. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Seaside property owned by the ‘real’ Doc Martin on sale for £3.75million MORE : ‘Derelict’ property unoccupied for 60 years is on the market for £350,000