What could you do with an extra day off every week? For many Brits, this is – as of right now – a fantasy question. But perhaps not for much longer. A new pilot programme launched today which will see more than 3,300 workers pilot the four-day week across 70 companies. From a local fish and chip shop to large corporate companies, a wide range of businesses are taking part. Employees will see their hours cut by 80%, but participants will be paid their full salary – and be expected to fulfil the same workloads. The results of this trial could normalise the four-day week for other companies in the future. One of the key benefits is, of course, having more personal time. So what would you do, if you had a third day to your weekend? We asked Metro.co.uk readers to find out how you’d spend the time. A few people who already have a four-day week said they would ‘never go back’ and when they switched jobs and had to have a five-day week again it was a horrid ‘shock to the system’. Another pointed out that the reality of having it doesn’t always quite match up to the idea of it. She told us that often she will end up work tasks. Others have pointed out that it could end up making workers more stressed in the long-run. However, it is still an appealing concept for many. Paddy, who works in film, tells us: ‘Weekends should be one day for rest, one day for fun and one day for life admin and chores. Or a mix of all three!’ Here’s how some of us would ensure we get all three. ‘If I had a three-day weekend I would be able to visit my family a lot more often. They are three to four hours away, so if I want to visit I have to spend both Saturday and Sunday on the train going there and back. It’s exhausting and leaves no time for anything else. Having an extra day would give me back that time.’ – Loz ‘The extra day would be a full day exploring, adventuring outdoors with the kids and family. Being in the real world, and making memories as opposed to getting stuck in the running life for logistics and work.’ – Shilpa ‘Maybe I’m being overly optimistic but I’d use the extra day to exercise.’ – El ‘I’d make more time and energy for being creative, reading, experimenting with new recipes, and going to the gym/exercising more.’ – Hannah ‘I would do practical things like see dentists and doctors and do the stuff you can’t easily fit in around work.’ – Lily ‘I would use my third day off for life admin. I really believe that the reason we always feel so stretched thin and exhausted is because every weekend we need a day to rest and recover from work, a day to socialise and have fun, and a day to do life admin – like chores, cleaning, bank visits etc. ‘Normally, we have to only choose two of these things every weekend, which means we either don’t feel rested, don’t feel like we’ve had enough fun, or don’t feel on top of our lives.’ – Natalie ‘Domesticities and life admin – errands, batch cooking and chores. Not exciting but necessary and lead you into true “free time” for the other two weekend days’ – Kellie ‘One day would 100% be for cleaning, recalibrating my energy and basically being alone with nature/my dogs/husband to allow for my best energy across the other two days.’ – Emma ‘I would spend more time on practicing my Spanish and learning French and spend time with my family – although I’d be worried that four day week might put too much pressure on me.’ – Sara ‘Take classes for basic skills that I didn’t pick up when I should have that would actually make me more efficient in my four days of work, like cooking.’ – Sravyaa ‘I already work a four-day work week and use the extra personal day to train at the gym, learn to drive, and pursue becoming a children’s author.’ – Leigh-Ann ‘I would draw more graphic novels and comics. At the moment I cram all my drawing into early mornings and late nights. Another day in the week would be the dream.’ – Mfy ‘I would play the guitars I spent the rest of the weekend trading on eBay.’ – Martin ‘I would spend my time learning to relax better by doing yoga on a regular basis and doing more upholstery, which is my favourite hobby.’ – Jane ‘Get through some of the ever increasing pile of books on my desk, and also use it to get outdoors more.’ – Pav ‘I would use it to volunteer! I used to volunteer with a homeless charity in Merseyside after work or on weekends when I lived there, but since moving to the midlands, most near me are only open during my working hours so would love the extra day to do that.’ – Jessica ‘Since October, my days off have been Friday, Saturday and Sunday. It’s great to start off the weekend early (when everyone else is at work). My partner and I (he has the same day off as me) usually do little day trips on Fridays, going to places like the Cotswolds and travelling to country houses across the UK. ‘We even signed up to the National Trust so it only costs us £10 a month. Our work/life balance has certainly improved. I also find that the work week flies by.’ – Jordan ‘I would like to go on long rides outside London. It isn’t really attainable doing it if you have to squeeze all your errands in over two days and still be rested to start a brand new week. But a longer weekend allow us to plan things a little better.’ – Marcio ‘As an introvert, I would have time to be active and see my friends and rest/recharge/ have a self care day. It’s really hard to do both.’ – Tori ‘No question: sleep!’ – Kiran ‘I would use it to do work for my own business. I probably wouldn’t take it as a “day off”. It would be nice though as it gives us opportunity to do more.’ – Sam ‘I used to work in-house with a four -day week and used the day off (a Wednesday) to launch my freelance business. Now I work for myself I work about four days a week and use the extra time to paint and upcycle furniture. I’ve even taken on a small studio space to embrace the hobby properly.’ – Laura Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Four-day week to be trialled for thousands of workers from today MORE : Everything you need to know if you want to work your 9-5 job while travelling MORE : Five signs your workplace is ‘digitally toxic’ – and what to do about it