Kylie Jenner is really trying her best to give us all a heart attack with her latest swimsuit. The Kardashians reality star was treating herself to a cool down in a pool this week, but enough about the pristine waters, we need to discuss her bikini. It’s hardly the first time the swimwear choices of the Kardashian/Jenner clan have got tongues wagging, but on this glorious day, Kylie was seen sporting a nude triangle bikini with a nipple printed on each side that is making us give one almighty double take. A sunglasses-clad Kylie shared the image this week, simply captioned: ‘Free the nipple,’ with the camera expertly placed beneath her, as she gazed off into the distance. Honestly, if you’re just scrolling through in breakneck fashion, it’s easy to assume she’s getting about the ‘gram in the nuddy, but no, this is the Lotta Volkova edition ‘The Naked’ Bikini by Jean Paul Gauliter. Which will set you back £325. And, funnily enough, despite Instagram’s strict rules around nipples, this image seems to have thwarted the censors… The star’s followers were understandably left in a tizz by the intriguing swimmers, with one joking: ‘YOOO you gotta put a warning 😂 thought i pressed the wrong app.’ Another said they were ‘absolutely screaming ma’am’ as one mused they just want to know the name of her new son. And others were terrified, with one saying the ‘jump scare was real’. We have to agree with them there. The mogul was living her, dare we say, best life this week on a getaway with pals, as she shared a video of her exploring canyons and getting about in boats and lazing in pools. Shots of her coffee alongside croissants gave us the kind of relaxation we need more of in our lives, while in other scenes she showed off a luxe pool and fountain, as well as a space-age silver swimsuit on a boat ride. Probably more public-appropriate than her other bathers, we have to say. Kylie has been having quite the time recently, after she jetted to Italy alongside her family to watch sister Kourtney Kardashian tie the knot with Travis Barker in a rather extravagant wedding. She was joined by four-year-old daughter Stormi for the getaway but appeared to leave her son at home for the Portofino trip. The star recently opened up on life as a mother of two children, and explained that she had struggled with postpartum life, insisting it’s been ‘very hard’ since her son’s February birth. In a series of videos on her Instagram story, she explained: ‘This experience for me personally has been a little harder than with my daughter. ‘It’s not easy mentally, physically, spiritually. It’s just crazy. I didn’t want to just get back to life without saying that. ‘I think we can look on the internet and for other mums going through it right now, we can go on the internet and it might look a lot easier for other people and put the pressure on us, but it hasn’t been easy for me. It’s been hard. ’I just wanted to say that. I didn’t even think I’d make it to this workout today but I’m here and I’m feeling better. So you got this. It’s okay not to be okay.’ Kylie added: ‘Once I realised that I was putting some pressure on myself, I just keep reminding myself I made a whole human, beautiful healthy boy. ‘We have to stop putting pressure on ourselves to be back – not even physically, just mentally – after birth. Just sending some love. Love you guys.’ MORE : Kylie Jenner shares rare photo of son playing with daughter Stormi after expanding family with Travis Scott MORE : Kris Jenner baffled by card machine and petrol pump as she hits supermarket with daughter Kylie on ‘fun day out’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.