A sign welcoming people to Mariupol painted has been replaced with one painted in the colours of the Russian flag, instead of the flag of Ukraine. The city had been a key battleground in the invasion of the country, with hundreds of fighters defending it from an embattled steel plant. On May 20, Russia declared it had taken control after a siege lasting months. Vladimir Putin’s forces have now symbolically removed the flag of Ukraine from the city, erecting the city’s name written in Russian in large white, blue and red letters instead. Photographs show people standing in front of the city name during a celebration of Russia Day on June 12. The territory is now under the government of the self-declared Donetsk People’s Republic in eastern Ukraine. Russia-backed separatists have been fighting for control of areas of eastern Ukraine since 2014, when Russia annexed Crimea. But the territory is not recognised internationally as being independent of Ukraine. Russian forces now control the entire Sea of Azov coast, including the strategic port of Mariupol, the entire Kherson region – a key gateway to Crimea – and a large chunk of the Zaporizhzhia region that could aid a further push deeper into Ukraine. Few expect that Putin will be satisfied with stopping there. On Thursday, he compared himself to Russian tyrant Peter the Great, who went to war with Sweden over territory in the 18th century. ‘Our lot is to take back and consolidate’ historic Russian lands, Putin said. Moscow has long regarded Ukraine as part of its sphere of influence. Ukrainian defence minister Oleksii Reznikov described the combat situation as ‘extremely difficult’. When the war was going badly for Russia, many thought Russian president Putin might claim victory after some gains in Donbas and then exit a conflict that has seriously bruised the economy and stretched its resources. But the Kremlin has made clear it expects Ukraine to recognise all the gains Russia has made since the start of the invasion – something Kyiv has ruled out. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.