Good day and welcome aboard this Metro.co.uk service to the 1970s. Our conductor will be making their way through the train shortly to check all tickets and railcards. If you are not planning on traveling with us today, please do feel free to exit through the window. Customers are advised that this service is running behind schedule, heading in the wrong direction and some platforms will, of course, be on fire. We’ll be calling at Political Turmoil, Stagnant Economy and Spiralling Inflation (twice) before this service terminates in the sea. Customers are kindly reminded that we’ll be on strike later this month so please feel free to cancel any travel plans you might have been stupid enough to make. Please do help yourself to a copy of Metro.co.uk weekend news digest to take your mind off things during what will, as ever, be a bumpy ride. Rail strikes Britain’s bolshiest union has confirmed its members will walk out on June 21, 23 and 25, an action which will bring trains up and down the country to a standstill. This one goes beyond the usual industrial action and is part of a wider struggle for who sets terms for rail workers. Why now? Well, because while you weren’t looking, the Tories have been getting on with doing what looks suspiciously like renationalising the railways. From next year, a new body called Great British Railways will replace Network Rail and look after infrastructure, set timetables and oversee fares, with private companies contracted to run the trains but stripped of many of the powers they used to have. The change means pay agreements, which used to be settled between unions and the private franchise companies, will be subject to restraints set by the Treasury. Ministers also want to see big savings after pumping billions in during the pandemic, as well as wage deals which stick to the public sector 2% pay cap. For the union, this won’t do. It says its members won’t accept a rise which doesn’t keep pace with inflation, forecast to be double figures by the end of the year. But it’s not just about money and, if it was, a compromise agreement would likely have already been reached. This one is about who calls the shots over pay and conditions in this new era for Britain’s rail network and, for now, neither side is budging. TL;DR: Traveling late June? You’re getting the Megabus. Boris hangs on Boris Johnson continues to disprove the maxim that what goes up must come down. Political gravity seems to have little effect on the blonde hot air balloon, the runaway zeppelin of British politics, a man with little direction but a Dumbo-like desire to fly. On Monday, more than a third of his own MPs queued up with sharpened pins to make him go pop. After months of wittering on about it to their favourite lobby journalists, backbenchers – ranging from the genuinely appalled ‘this won’t do’ camp, to the underemployed and huffy ‘serves you right’ sort – actually got round to forcing a confidence vote. The ruthlessness of Tory party proved once again to be the most overvalued commodity on the British political market and, for the second time in less than four years, they fluffed it. His loyal cabinet – at least, loyal to the extent you’re loyal to the balloon when you’re trapped in the basket – did their best to patch him up and re-inflate him. They needn’t have bothered. Mr Johnson can produce enough of his own hot air, operating as a self-powered airship, emitting billows of steam from one end and reabsorbing it through the other (readers are encouraged not to visualise how this might work). And so he got on a train to Blackpool and announced the government is going to let people on benefits get mortgages and buy their housing association home – an idea David Cameron had a good look at years ago and decided was best left well alone. TL;DR: The Boris blimp flies high. ‘Death sentences’ for Brits Shaun Pinner and Aiden Aslin are British soldiers who have been serving in the Ukrainian army since at least 2018. They both relocated to the country separately and ended up settling there, finding love and enlisting through the normal channels. After weeks on the frontline in Mariupol, they were captured and taken to a prison in occupied Donetsk, a part of east Ukraine which has been controlled by pro-Moscow militants since 2014. The Kremlin’s version of events is they were put on trial in the supreme court of the Donetsk People’s Republic for being mercenaries and terrorists. This, of course, is b******s. They were paraded for state TV cameras in a kangaroo court before an insurrectionist dressed as a judge, subjected to a sham show trial and stripped of the war rights afforded to them under the Geneva Convention. The ‘mercenaries’ charge is made all the more ludicrous by the Kremlin’s track record of using guns for hire in places as far flung as Syria, Libya, Mali – and, of course, Ukraine. Alongside Saaudun Brahim, a Moroccan man, they were sentenced to death by firing squad this week after ‘confessing’, almost certainly under duress. The Sun has revealed they were repeatedly made to call their London offices and read scripted demands penned by Putin’s henchmen, terms the paper opted not to publish after contact from the Foreign Office. It’s unclear whether the sentence will be carried out, if it’s all a display of propaganda or whether it’s a bargaining tool to be used in a prisoner swap. When Mr Aslin was first captured, there were indications the plan was to use him to free Viktor Medvedchuk, a pro-Moscow MP and Putin’s favourite Ukrainian stooge, who was captured trying to flee his house arrest while awaiting trial for treason. For now, Mr Aslin and Mr Pinner remain in a Donetsk prison and work to free them is frantically unfolding behind the scenes. TL;DR: Say it with us – soldiers, NOT mercenaries. Pride On Tuesday, veteran human rights campaign Peter Tatchell took over the running of Metro.co.uk to showcase some of our Pride work. This month, we’re telling stories from around the world about the fight for equal LGBTQ+ rights. There were, if we don’t mind saying ourselves, some absolutely belter stories you might have missed. Here are a few of them: Also, a reminder that we’re fundraising for Kyiv Pride – full details below if you’ve got a spare fiver. And finally…Binley Mega Chippy Ever seen a rental bike floating in a park lake? Ever seen an al fresco drinking spot descend into a booze-soaked cesspit? Ever seen a piece of public art vandalised within an hour of being installed? Of course you have – because, as well you know, Brits simply can’t be trusted with nice things. Take the curious case of a Coventry chip shop called Binley Mega Chippy: one day, an unremarkable, deep frying emporium; the next, a TikTok sensation with its own theme tune; now, a potential crowd hazard under police supervision. Huge numbers of people have descended on the business after seeing people talk about it on social media, meaning the cops had to be called in to stop it descending into a riot. Metro’s man Josh Layton donned his flak jacket and headed into the melee, his report relaying scenes of ‘roaring engines from cruisers in the car park and a faint whiff of cannabis’ in the air. It’s difficult to know whether to be heartened by this organic love affair with a provincial chip shop during straitened times or depressed at the slavish online mindset that can transform a business overnight for no other reason than it might get some love on the timeline. You be the judge but there is a moral to the story: if you love something, keep it a secret. TL;DR: Psssst. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.