Dame Kelly Holmes is gay. She’s known for a long time, but on Saturday found the courage to share this part of her personal life with the world. The world, in turn, responded how it usually does: with a barrage of reactions ranging from positive to negative, loving to loathing. Setting aside the blatant misogyny and homophobia unleashed by faceless Twitter trolls, there were more complex and frustrating conversations being had. Many complained that this ‘isn’t news’ and that ‘nobody cares what anyone does in their bedroom’. Others claimed they’d ‘always known’ and that ‘it was an open secret’. It is reductive to think that Kelly’s announcement ‘isn’t news’. While in an idyllic world, people wouldn’t have to come out at all, the world we live in today isn’t that place In interviews, 52-year-old Kelly Holmes has discussed coming out to her family in her 20s – noting that they were, thankfully, accepting. It’s therefore telling that she has kept quiet for the 30-odd years since – fearing repercussions from the public as well as disciplinary action from the military, for whom she served for nearly 10 years – leaving in 1997. Until a landmark case was brought against the Government in 2000 (via the European Court of Human Rights), lesbians, gay and bi men could be (and were) dismissed by the military forces for their sexuality. Holmes revealed that as late as 2020, over 20 years after leaving the army, she still feared consequences for serving as a gay woman – approaching an officer to check she wouldn’t be court-martialed before building the confidence to come out. Sadly, such homophobia is not a thing of the past: it’s still ever-present for LGBTQ+ people. A recent national survey revealed that over two thirds of those surveyed avoided holding hands with their same-sex partner for fear of a negative reaction from others. Just a few months ago, as I was walking home from a first date hand-in-hand with a boy, a car slowed to a crawl beside us. The driver and passengers took delight in yelling homophobic slurs at us amid boisterous laughter. We quickly separated, embarrassed that we’d got carried away and not thought to conceal our affection. Upset, I was consoled by queer friends who’d all shared recent, similar experiences. So, it is most certainly news when somebody with such a public profile shares a personal story that will resonate with many and offer visibility to those who desperately need it. Not only will her story inspire gay people in the military and in athletics – both areas that have work to do to overcome their treatment of the LGBTQ+ community – but it will also give strength to countless young people struggling at home right now. A common refrain on social media is that people ‘always knew’ that someone was gay. While it often doesn’t come from a place of ill-intent, these comments often rest on assumptions and pre-conceived notions of what homosexuality is, or how gay people behave. Intentionally or otherwise, they trivialise often traumatic personal stories and downplay the courage it takes some people to live authentically. While I don’t doubt that Kelly Holmes is in a safer, more confident place, it’s worth remembering that there will be many reading these words who are not there yet. The fear of judgement from others is integral to the coming out process, and it can make a difficult situation even more complex. While many people guessed I was queer before I came out, comments and teasing from some of them led me to question myself more: their expectations of how I might identify or express myself weighing heavily on my mind. Until we know how somebody identifies, it is their business and theirs alone. They have the right to share the information on their terms, defined by their own words – and we should also allow them to change their minds as they grow. On this note, it would be remiss not to mention Kelly Holmes’s previous statements regarding the trans community. In 2019, she publicly backed swimmer Sharron Davies who said that ‘those with a male sex advantage should not be allowed to compete in women’s sport’. There are many articles from those more qualified to tackle the transphobia and discrimination present across the sporting spectrum – but it is extremely disheartening to see someone with such influence using their platform to punch down and exclude one of the most marginalised communities. More than one thing can be true. I am sad to hear that Kelly has struggled with her sexuality and that she has gone through such traumatic experiences on her journey to open self-acceptance. I am grateful to her for sharing her authentic self so candidly, as the conversations and visibility she has created will undoubtedly change young people’s lives. I feel hopeful that Kelly’s story will embolden those still on the receiving end of rising discrimination against us. I also feel incredibly frustrated that a member of our community has made such troubling comments – but I am determined to remain optimistic, believing in the power of change. Her fight to be free is one felt across the LGBTQ+ community: her experiences markedly similar to those faced by trans people today. I truly hope that she will continue to learn and grow, recognising that we are stronger when we stand as one against a world which often tries to stifle us. So yes – at least for now – this is news, and I’m glad for it. I long for the day when we don’t have to come out – and with every public figure brave enough to face the world as their authentic self, that day edges nearer. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Dame Kelly Holmes and Phillip Schofield burst into tears over coming out experiences: ‘One day, we won’t have to do these interviews’ MORE : I quit football for 14 years after homophobia stopped me playing MORE : Dame Kelly Holmes ‘overwhelmed’ by reaction after coming out as gay: ‘The start of a new chapter’  