In need of saving a bit of money? Aren’t we all. Well, maybe we should all take a leaf out of this savvy mum’s book. Maria Sillaste from Liverpool has managed to save a staggering £7,000 in just two years – all because of her keen eye for freebies. The mum-of-two has been on the hunt for free stuff since 2020 and has managed to gather a vast selection of goodies. Among her wins, she’s managed to get food, drink, skincare, and even household appliances. The 33-year-old Liverpudlian admits she has a ‘freebie addiction’ that began when she saw a social media post about free perfume. Sparking something within her, she has now managed to bag a mass of goodies – with her favourite being a Tefal blender which should have cost £150. She notes that the most beneficial are free shopping vouchers. ‘I can stock up on many essential items for me, my husband, Gunnar, 33, and our two kids, Gustav, three, and newborn Galifa,’ Maria said. She is always surprised at how much she can get. ‘I’ve had free snacks, drinks, skincare, free sample of perfumes, items from big brands, household appliances, full-size nappies, wipes and vouchers to spend.’ Her first freebie was from kids food brand Ella’s kitchen, where she received a weaning guide with stickers and vouchers. Hunting for freebies every day when she wakes up, Maria admits affirms that freebie hunting is now a part of her everyday life. ‘My family loves it because we are able to experience a product for free together,’ she said. ‘My husband is very supportive of what I do. We unbox the parcel together and he is just as excited as I am to see what’s been delivered.’ Speaking about her habit, she explains that her addiction ‘is all positive’ – especially because it means she can guide newbies on how to get their freebies too. And now Maria has shared her freebie wisdom with all of us. If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum reveals money-saving hacks to help parents save cash on summer holidays MORE : Five signs your relationship with money is toxic – and how to fix it MORE : How to save money when you struggle to budget