Heartbreaking photos show a group of young friends carrying their 13-year-old mate’s coffin at his funeral. Aryan Ghoniya was found dead on Tuesday, after he disappeared in the River Taff in Whitchurch, Cardiff. Emergency services tried to resuscitate him but he was pronounced dead at the scene. Despite the rain, Aryan’s family, friends and local community gathered for his funeral today at the Thornhill Cemetery and Crematorium. A silver hearse, often used for the funerals of young people instead of traditional black hearses, passed the two schools Aryan had attended, before arriving at the service. A few of Aryan’s friends, dressed up in black and white suits, carried their pal’s coffin. An obituary page was set up for the boy, previously dubbed a ‘little professor’ for his academic excellence, and multiple people have since left touching words. One fellow school pupil wrote: ‘Aryan, You will always be loved and never forgotten. You were in the year above me at school. I’ve looked up to you for years. Rest in peace, Aryan x.’ Another posted: ‘Aryan I have not stopped thinking about you and your family at this time. You were clearly a remarkable young man from every account I have heard of you.’ Someone else said: ‘My most heartfelt condolences to you as a family. My daughter Madison had the privilege of spending her primary school years as Aryan’s class mate and he left a lasting impression on her. ‘He was a special boy. I am praying God will surround you with his love at this sad time.’ Tributes have also been left at Windsor Gardens in Radyr. Aryan’s mum Hina, dad Jitendra and sister Naviya were among the relatives who went to visit the park yesterday. The gardens flew the Welsh Indian flags at half-mast – in a nod to Aryan’s heritage – and used one of the trees as a focus for tributes. The family thanked councillor Helen Lloyd Jones for making the memorial space possible. They said: ‘Aryan was born in Wales, he was proud to be Welsh and we are proud to have been a member of his family. Thank you all for your support.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.