Tasha Ghouri’s loved ones have been forced to beg Love Island viewers to not make fun of her cochlear implant. The 23-year-old model and dancer is the ITV2 dating show’s first-ever deaf contestant and calls her hearing loss her superpower. In recent episodes, Tasha has been the centre of attention in the villa after bombshell Charlie Radnedge arrived and thew a spanner in her relationship with Andrew Le Page. Tasha was in tears before the last recoupling after she admitted she didn’t know whether she would or wouldn’t share a bed with Charlie if he picked her and was still open to getting to know him despite her pairing with Andrew getting stronger. Ultimately, Charlie picked Ekin-Su in the recoupuling with Andrew picking Tasha once again. Following Friday’s episode, Tasha’s friends and family have urged fans to ‘lead with love’ after mocking her superpower. In an Instagram post, they wrote: ‘Hey Everyone! We thank everyone for the love and support for our gal Tasha as we are behind her 110% ❤️ ‘We understand everybody has opinions both negative and positive but please could we avoid making fun of her superpower – let’s lead with love always!’ Tasha gathered her fellows islanders around the firepit to reveal her ‘superpower’ in the first episode of Love Island series eight. Speaking about her deafness, she said: ‘I wanted to get everyone together, I wanted to find the right time to do this and this is perfect timing, but basically I was born completely deaf and I wear a cochlear implant in my right ear. ‘It’s just something cool that I’ve got about myself, it doesn’t define me, it’s just a part of who I am. I call it my superpower.’ After sharing her story Tasha’s fellow islanders responded positively. Luca Bish exclaimed: ‘Literally, I would not have had a clue, and to say it in front of a bunch of people who you’ve never kind of even met or know… credit to her.’ Indiyah Polack also spoke about the touching moment, saying: ‘She was so open about it, and I could see in her face that was a big thing for her. ‘So I just honestly wanted to give her a big hug because I just wanted her to know that she’s not alone and we’re all here to support her no matter what she’s going through and we all love her.’ Love Island airs tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 