A humidifier can be a big investment, so you want to make sure you’re buying right and that you’d actually benefit from it. The good news is, there are health gains that come form owning one. Abbas Kanani, a health adviser for Chemist Click, says: ‘Using a humidifier whilst you sleep in summer is recommended as air-conditioned air can actually dry out your sinuses, throat and nasal passages. ‘This can promote irritation, swelling, inflammation and a general feeling of being unwell. ‘This can then leave you to feel slightly under the weather the next day. ‘A humidifier works to ease symptoms of dry air as it adds moisture to the air preventing any irritation to the body. ‘It also helps with any seasonal allergies and they help soothe some symptoms caused by a cold or the flu.’ Houseplants can also benefit from a more humid environment, and you’ll likely see a difference in your skin by sleeping near a humidifier. The summer is a good time to get one, given the rise in allergies like hay fever, but they’re helpful all-round as during the winter they add moisture to dry air. These are our top picks to shop now. Thanks to a clear container, this blends in nicely next to plants and other areas you might want damper air. It also has a dry burn shut off, so you don’t need to worry if you forget to power down. Buy for £49.99 at Amazon. Not sure if humidifiers are for you? Try this small beginner option without breaking the bank. It’s ultra quiet and portable for use in the car or for travel. Buy for £9.99 at Amazon. A mid-range option that is worth the extra spend with its smart features, such as connecting to your phone. You can ask Alexa to operate the machine, plus it has a quiet sleep mode for babies’ bedrooms. Buy for £59.99 at Amazon. There are seven mood light setting on this, making it ideal for chilled nights in. Use the included remote to change the light and humidity settings, with 16 hours of use from a single tank of water. Buy for £23.05 at Amazon. With plenty of good ratings, you can’t go wrong with this buy. One reviewer said: ‘I am massively impressed by this and will likely buy more of this model as my house plant collection grows.’ It sits neatly on your desktop and has a nightlight function to turn your room into a mini spa. Buy for £14.10 at Amazon. Perfect for plants that need wet air, this model comes with a smartphone app so you can control your moisture levels wherever you are. It was also named the best humidifier by Wirecutter testers in 2021. Get it for £24.74 at Amazon. A high-ticket item, this will help fill large spaces devoid of moisture. If you have a big room, pop this in the corner and either empty the tank when it’s full or install a house for automatic drainage. Buy for £129.99 at Amazon. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the hottest gadgets and tech releases of summer 2022 MORE : The best fitness technology buys of 2022 MORE : Best eco-friendly gadgets from sustainable smartphones to upcycled umbrella lamps