A rug helps make a room, but the faff required to keep them clean can put you off. Most require delicate spot cleaning and shampooing, which feels like a never-ending job if you have children or pets. That’s likely why Ruggable has been so popular, changing the game with stylish rugs that can easily be popped into the washing machine. It’s a 2-part rug system; a bottom pad and the rug cover that goes right on top. If anything spills, you just take it off and throw it in the wash. There are all sorts of styles to choose from, with designs from Jonathan Adler and Nina Takesh alongside brands like Star Wars and Disney. You can also get different textures and shapes, including runners and round rugs. Ruggable has been a big hit online, with actor Luke Evans among those singing their praises. One UK reviewer said: ‘I now have 5 Ruggable rugs. I have a cat, dog and a messy partner! ‘They look great, lots of compliments and being able to wash them, even the big one under the dining table in my ordinary domestic machine is fabulous! ‘I have ditched rugs in the past cause I could no longer cope with them but no more. I’m so pleased the house will eventually have more as decoration progresses.’ Even the largest of Ruggable’s range will fit into a standard drum, so you can wash away muddy foot and pawprints whenever. The added benefit is that they’re stain resistant and non-slip too. Perfect for high-traffic areas around your home. To celebrate the Jubilee, Ruggable is holding a sale on everything on site. You’ll get 15% off your purchase, plus shipping is free in the UK. Simply enter the code QUEEN15 at checkout to get your discount. Here are top picks from the sale. This understated design looks intricate and expensive. Your guests will never know it’s come straight from the washing machine. Buy from £89 at Ruggable. Go for the Absida for a retro, mid-century modern feel in your home. It’s also available in greyscale, rainbow, and sage green shades. Buy from £89 at Ruggable. Ink-inspired lines and neutral tones make this the perfect piece for a Scandi-style home. Like all Ruggable rugs, it’s water resistant, stain resistant, and machine washable. Buy from £109 at Ruggable. Fancy walking around on art? This Keith Haring rug features a repeat pattern in subtle neutral colours. It’d look particularly great over a dark wood floor, creating a focal point and a talking point for guests. Buy from £109 at Ruggable. You can also shop Ruggable’s full range here. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : A beginner’s guide to tarot: How to overcome common pitfalls and myths MORE : Owner of a pampered cat? You can get bespoke treats and toys delivered to your door with this subscription box