The chances of recovery for a boy with brain damage at the centre of a life support dispute are ‘very low’, a High Court judge has been told. Archie Battersbee, 12, was found unresponsive with a ligature around his neck at his home in Essex on April 7. His family believes he may have been taking part in a dangerous online challenge. He has not regained consciousness since, with specialists at the Royal London Hospital believing his life support treatment should end, while his parents insist their son is ‘still in there’. A specialist, who cannot be named, told Mrs Justice Arbuthnot the lower part of Archie’s brain stem was significantly damaged, and the upper part also had damage to it. The judge ruled on Friday that Archie should undergo further scans, including a brain stem test, before she makes her final decision on Wednesday. Tests showed no sign of improvement since mid-April but there were signs of deterioration, he said, adding the boy’s prognosis was ‘very grave’ and his chances of recovery were ‘very low’. ‘I think Archie has sustained serious enough brain damage that a point of return is unlikely,’ he told the court. Asked by Barts Health NHS Trust’s legal team if parts of the boy’s brain and spinal cord had died, and were decaying, the specialist replied: ‘Yes.’ Archie’s family argued his heart was still beating, and questioned whether the ‘correct procedure’ had been followed and if their views had been taken into account. They previously shared concerns the tests could cause more damage, and contested why he had not received treatment to relieve the swelling in his brain. While specialists have told previous hearings they believed Archie was ‘brain-stem dead’ and had suffered ‘irretrievable’ brain damage, his mum Hollie Dance said he needed more time to recover. Speaking last month, some five weeks after the accident, the 46-year-old said: ‘Only a few days ago, he began to open his eyes. When his ventilator tube was being replaced, tears appeared in his eyes. ‘Until it’s God’s way I won’t accept he should go. I know of miracles when people have come back from being brain dead. ‘He may not be the same as he was but if there’s a possibility he could live a happy life after this, I want to give it to him.’ The legal team for Barts Health NHS Trust had earlier told Mrs Justice Arbuthnot: ‘The scans, once they are interpreted, paint a picture that may be very hard to bear. ‘[A doctor has said] that very sadly Archie’s digestive system is no longer absorbing nourishment properly as a result of his brain injury.’ The final hearing for the case is due to end on Wednesday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.