An entrepreneur who jets off on luxurious holidays has shared his hacks for travelling in style on a budget. One tip includes getting a private jet for half price. Dan Legg says he is a self-made millionaire from foreign exchange trading, otherwise known as forex. The 22-year-old, who is from Cheddar, Somerset, achieved his first million within two years and has continued to grow his income. He even made enough for himself to live comfortably in Dubai Nowadays, he continues to trade as well as running several businesses, alongside leading a lavish lifestyle and travelling the world in private jets. Throughout his journey, he has gathered some travelling tips on how to get luxury experiences on an average budget. Dan says that private is better value than people think. ‘Whenever I fly around Europe, I fly private – it’s the best thing ever,’ he explains. ‘There are no queues, you just drive onto the runway and get on the plane. ‘A lot of people want to try it but they think it’s never an option for them because of the cost. ‘But when you travel a lot you get to know the hacks.’ Dan swears by ’empty leg flights’, which are a way of experiencing a private flight with a price slash of up to 50%. Empty leg flights are where private jets have a charter booked from a certain destination, and they often travel to that booked destination empty. You can book yourself onto one of those empty legs or find two that match with your holiday dates and get private return, too. Dan says he has jumped on empty leg flights to Menorca, Paris and Jersey and paid half the price of what it would ordinarily cost. He added that some millionaires even sell empty seats on a private flight, in order to fill the plane. This too gives you a luxury experience for a fraction of the price. ‘It’s especially good if you’re travelling to somewhere like the south of France, where they have jets in and out all the time – so they’re easy to find,’ he adds. Dan uses a website called Just Jet to find this empty leg flights. He is also a big fan of last-minute bookings on both hotels and flights. Dan says he has saved up to 30% with last-minute bookings that are within 48 hours of arrival. He claims he has never had issues with availability, and recommends everyone to try it this coming summer. Finally, he also advises people to ask to upgrade to business class at the check-in desk – saying airlines will often give a good value price to fill the seats. ‘One example of this is flying between Dubai and the UK which I do a lot,’ he notes. ‘I have always paid an extra £550 to upgrade to business class with Emirates, although it’s not open information on the website.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Travel buys to keep the whole family entertained at the airport MORE : Why you’ll find nothing but charm in America’s Capital Region MORE : This £18 under-seat travel bag is making big waves on TikTok