The weather is finally hotting up, with a scorching heatwave on the way. But could the warm weather wreak havoc with your sleeping pattern? On Friday, the temperature in London could even hit 32°C, which sounds dreamy. After all, the heatwave means balmy evenings in beer gardens, cropped crochet vests and floaty midi dresses. But it also means one other thing. No, not the chub rub. And no, not the lack of air conditioning in the UK (ok, that as well). But the hot nights that leave us tossing, turning and begging for relief. With the weather set to hit new heights towards the end of the week, you’re probably already thinking up ways you’ll be able to sleep in comfort so you can feel refreshed the following day. But fear not, because there are a few tips that might make sleeping at night during a heatwave easier than ever. Getting a good night’s sleep is paramount for many reasons, including maintaining a healthy immune system and helping us feel productive, awake and energised. When it’s hot at night you can end up tossing and turning more than sleeping, which means you’re losing out on those all important Zzzzzs. Thankfully leading Sleep Scientist Dr Rebecca Robbins, the in-house sleep expert at Savoir Beds, has shared her expertise on how to sleep successfully in the heat – while also revealing her non-negotiables when it comes to heatwave sleeping. Dr Rebecca notes that good sleep starts as soon as we wake up in the morning. ‘What we do during the day, or do not do, matters for our sleep at night,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. ‘During the day, monitor your caffeine consumption. ‘You do not want to have more than two cups of coffee or doses of caffeine any later than 2pm if you want to fall asleep between 10 or 11pm.’ So if you’re anything like me, it looks like you’ll have to wave goodbye your evening iced coffee. With longer days and brighter nights, time feels like a social construct, meaning that we let all routine go out of the window. But getting into a solid routine can have a really positive impact on our quality of sleep. Consistency is key, which is why Dr Rebecca urges us all to fall asleep at the same time each night, and rise at the same time each morning. ‘The reason is that it allows the body to work with – rather than fight – its natural circadian rhythm, our body’s internal 24-hour clock that controls the timings of every organ system and bodily process,’ she says. ‘If we stick to a schedule, our body learns when to expect sleep and wakefulness. ‘Any more than an hour’s difference to your normal schedule and you will actually impose jetlag-like symptoms on your brain.’ ‘Those who exercise regularly get better sleep,’ affirms Dr Rebecca. Making sure you’ve fully exerted yourself throughout the day is a surefire way to ensure you get a good sleep at night. Working out for 30 minutes a day, doing something you enjoy and that works up a sweat could really contribute towards a restful night. De-stressing puts us in a a better mindset, meaning we can switch off easier and sleep better. ‘Stress is all around us, but it’s the way we react to stressful experiences that determine if it will negatively affect our lives. ‘Consider starting a brief mindfulness practice in the afternoon to ease tension and stress,’ explains Dr Rebecca. Meditating each night is a great way to switch off and de-stress, as is listening to soothing music, reading a good book or journalling. Because nutrition is linked with our sleep, it’s important to eat well in order to get a restful night’s sleep. ‘Ideally, you want to have a hearty breakfast and lunch and a lighter dinner,’ advises Dr Rebecca. ‘A dinner that is too heavy or consumed too close to bedtime can interfere with our ability to fall asleep. ‘Endeavour to have your last meal two hours at least before bed. Then, transition to soothing herbal tea.’ Ensuring that you have a restful sanctuary to sleep in is of the utmost importance. Making sure you have a supportive mattress in any season is an important facet of sleeping – but even more so when it’s the summer. Dr Rebecca explains that an unsupportive mattress, or a mattress that retains heat, will limit the quality of your sleep. And as well as your mattress, take a look at your bed sheets and linen to make sure it’s all lightweight and breathable. Dr Rebecca also adds that making sure your curtains can close and your bedroom is a must, because this means you can be completely in the dark when you are attempting to sleep. ‘Whereas bright light wakes us up, darkness is what allows the sleep-inducing hormone melatonin to secrete in the brain,’ she explains. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to train yourself to start sleeping on your back MORE : Does this two-minute sleep trick actually work? MORE : Why sleeping with your partner might be better for you than starfishing solo