Kitchen transformations can be incredibly costly – but they don’t have to be. Leanne Ward, from Derbyshire, completely transformed her kitchen from dated to modern rustic with just a £200 budget. The 33-year-old and her husband Ash renovated their kitchen on a tiny budget and documented their journey on Instagram – @sixtysevenbelmont. Leanne teamed up with kitchenware brand Joseph Joseph to share exactly how she did it. Leanne says her style is ‘eclectic boho with a modern deco twist’, but says she finds it hard to pin down her style. ‘When we moved in, the kitchen was the one area that I thought we were going to have to rip out and start completely from scratch, our plan was to live with it whilst we saved, then look at removing the adjoining wall and making a kitchen diner space,’ she says. ‘I think I lasted around eight months before looking at budget-friendly ways to update it. ‘I took inspiration from Instagram and Pinterest originally just focusing on the tiles and cupboards for a quick fix, as I could afford to buy more and collect more ideas, I then moved onto the tile trim, the worktops, floor etc. ‘Even if you can afford to only do a little bit at a time, small changes can still make a big difference.’ When speaking of transforming a space on a budget she says her top tip would be to do your research on products. ‘There are so many options available nowadays it doesn’t always mean the most expensive is the best,’ she adds. Here is how Leanne completely transformed her kitchen for £200: Speaking about her favourite transformation, Leanne says: ‘My favourite part of the kitchen has to either be the open shelving or the Terrazzo effect floor, I think both were integral parts of the design that has made the Kitchen feel more modern. ‘The end kitchen unit had glass doors originally with old fashioned lead trim, by simply removing the cupboards doors and painting the inside black it has created a more on trend “open shelving” area for me to display accessories and plants. ‘The floor was the last job I did. I was a little nervous about painting over the original tiles but knew it would make all the difference to the overall feel off the kitchen. ‘I saw a couple of people on Instagram who has done similar so decided to take the risk, it’s been done 18 months now and it hasn’t budged.’ Leanne’s top decorating tip would be ‘just say go for it’. ‘At the end of the day, it’s only paint. Some ideas don’t always work (believe me I have had few disasters) but there isn’t much that can’t be painted over or sanded back. ‘Sometimes it can be scary to make drastic changes or there are limitations with rental properties etc., however there are ways to update a space that aren’t permanent. ‘Artwork and soft furnishings are a great way to bring colour and pattern into a space without commitment. Also, there are some great products on the market, such as removable wallpaper and vinyl. ‘There are always ways to create a happy space without breaking the bank.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Two thirds of UK women are missing periods because of stress or poor diet MORE : What I Rent: Tamika, £400 a month for a studio flat in Birmingham MORE : Barn conversion on sale for £815,00 has toilet in full view from the bed