This week we saw Love Island paramours Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope embark on their first proper date, after admitting their feelings for one another in the villa. And safe to say, we are just as smitten as these two appear to be. While audiences are absolutely besotted with the burgeoning couple, of course there is more to this than what meets the eye, and when it comes to their body language we have the inside scoop on what it may reveal about true feelings. In another episode of Metro.co.uk’s Love Or Lie Island, body language expert Judi James has hinted there may be some ‘tears’ on the way for the couple as the mighty Casa Amor looms, as they’ve not yet faced any real test in the villa. Throwing us more curveballs than Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu in last night’s recoupling ceremony, Judi wonders whether the body language between Dami and Indiyah could hint at some cracks. ‘I love Dami, I love Indiyah, I’m not 100% convinced,’ she says of them together, after this week’s instalment of explosive episodes. Judi goes on: ‘These dates, as far as body language is concerned, are pretty pants, quite honestly. They’re not natural, they’re contrived…honestly, that music they play, that could make me buying chips from Iceland sound like a love story, blasting away in the background. I’m thinking, “can you just not put them in a room somewhere and let me watch them as they would be, a little more naturally?” ‘For lovers of romance, it was brilliant. I think they realised themselves, they did say a couple of times “I can’t believe it’s been this easy”, and I would be very much in line with that thinking. There’s nothing wrong…they haven’t gone through stages I would expect to see them go through.’ ‘Obviously on this date there was some really nice body language but I want to be more convinced,’ Judi adds. ‘I will be the happiest woman in the world when I get more convinced, but at the moment they haven’t been tested and I think a lot of it is that we haven’t seen a lot of them in the early days as individuals. We missed a load of what’s been going on off-camera. ‘The thing I will say, when it comes to the sexual side of the relationship, when he popped the cork of the prosecco, he used eye contact – that’s such a phallic moment on a date – she looked away. That side of it might need a bit of a nudge.’ So Dami might have more confidence, while Indiyah remains guarded? Judi says: ‘She took a flying leap at him, she hugs him, but I think she is holding out. I think she’s right. ‘To be honest, if you said to me “how much money would you put on them both coming out of Casa Amor without having done anything?” I wouldn’t put a lot of money on it. ‘I’m not being mean, I’m just not sure. I have a feeling something is hanging in the air in terms of their plot line, a bit more worrying…a few tears there. ‘I want to be able to sit back and love them thinking it’s a fully tested relationship. At the moment, it seems to be a bit too easy.’ This week we also saw the likes of Gemma Owen and Luca Bish face their own challenge after Ekin-Su stirred the pot by sharing Dami’s ‘mind-reading’ that Gemma’s head could turn if her perfect man walked into the villa. Judi’s take is that while the pair have often employed ‘game-playing’ as a couple, they’re facing more tests compared to others in the villa. She goes on: ‘What I don’t like is when Luca is a bit over-smitten, [saying] “I’m obsessed with you”. When he says things like that he can see by her face…while she might have feelings for him… ‘They then work around [issues] and you can see they get a bit frightened like children. One thing people need to remember about Gemma, I know people think Luca is the stronger character, but you listen to her in those discussions, she’s very assertive. She doesn’t give him any slack and I think he needs that.’ Judi adds: ‘I have to say their body language works for me.’ Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Watch the full episode of Love or Lie Island here with new epodes dropping every Thursday. MORE : Love Island fans ready for ‘chaos and carnage’ to unfold as Casa Amor looms MORE : Love Island stars ‘shocked’ as popular contestant booted from villa in dramatic dumping Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.