*Warning: This article contains spoilers from The Boys season 3, episode 1. The Boys season 3 has stunned and horrified fans in equal measure with the exploding penis scene. Unsurprisingly, after The Boys season 3 launched on June 3 there was one moment within the first 15 minutes which had everyone talking because somehow the Amazon Prime Video series managed to out do its own levels of WTF. For those yet to endure the moment, a supe with the power to shrink like Ant-Man hooks up with a guy during the premiere of The Seven’s new movie. Said guy has a fetish for small men who can fit anywhere and asks his miniature lover to go ‘in me’. Well, he soon gets more than he bargained for when the supe jumps in through the penis, dances towards the prostate but sneezes and blows the guy up. It is grim. From there, Frenchie and Kimiko find the supe covered in blood and the remains of his victims all over the floor before the bug-like hero tries to do the same to Frenchie. Thankfully, Butcher soon intervenes to scoop the supe up in a bag of cocaine, as you do. Naturally, fans were stunned by the scene with responses ranging from ‘what the f**k’ have I just seen?’ to ‘there is no God’. Eric Kripke, producer behind The Boys, actually took a deep dive with Metro.co.uk to explain how the scene came about and, yeah, it’s pretty wild. Originally it just evolved in the writer’s room,’ said Kripke. ‘We needed Frenchie and Kimiko to fight a superhero, but we hadn’t stopped to think about which one and so we’re going through like, “Okay, where are the big ones that we haven’t done yet?” And some one said, “Well, we’ve haven’t Ant Man, and you’re like, “Oh, you’re right.” ‘And then at the time, there was that ongoing meme of, “why doesn’t that man just crawl up Thanos’ butt [in End Game]?”’ ‘And so then it became, “Well, he should call up his butt and explode him.” But then someone said, “Isn’t that a little too similar to what we did to Translucent?” ‘It’s so funny when like someone pitches an ass explosion and the other person was like, “done that.” ‘So then someone said, “Well, then it means he has to he has to crawl up his penis.” ‘Everyone had the same vitriol reaction.’ The Boys season 3 episodes arrive weekly on Amazon Prime Video. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 