Animal Rebellion activists have disrupted Trooping the Colour before being dramatically tackled to the ground by police officers. The demonstrators vaulted the fences near Buckingham Palace and got on to the mall with placards, before being stopped by security. The vegan activists, one of whom was wearing a fake crown, accused the monarchy of having a ‘Royal disregard for all life’, as they called for the rewilding of the crown’s land. Metro.co.uk was told ahead of this morning’s demonstration that around 25 activists were planning to interrupt the procession, in an effort to draw attention to the climate crisis during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. But only a handful made it on to the road just after 10am, before being swarmed by armed police and forcibly carried out. The Metropolitan Police have confirmed that a ‘number of arrests’ have been made. One appeared to be dragged through horse poo by police. Activists told Metro.co.uk that the group had used bunting, union jacks and masks of Royal Family members to blend into the crowd before launching their action. It was also confirmed that the fake crown was not from Burger King. They did manage to disrupt the marching band and hold placards reading ‘reclaim Royal land’, before their protest was swiftly brought to an end. Some musicians, dressed in full regalia and marching in step, had to sidestep the group, some of whom laid on the ground and held signs after jumping over the metal fences. One of those taking part, Beau King Houston, explained: ‘The royal family has had decades to lead the way on a just transition to plant-based farming and has failed to do so. This transition is common sense and simple, we all win. ‘76% of currently farmed land could be rewilded and absorb carbon from the atmosphere. This would restore nature, spare billions of animals, and present a solution to the climate emergency, all in one act.’ The Crown is one of the largest land owners in the country and activists are accusing the institution of climate ‘inaction’ and continued support for the meat, fishing, and dairy industry – seen by experts as a leading contributor to the climate crisis. In a statement shortly after the incident, the Metropolitan Police said: ‘A number of arrests have been made of people who attempted to enter the ceremonial route in The Mall at approximately 10.10hrs today. ‘The arrests were public order related for highway obstruction. ‘Thank you to the crowd who showed their support by clapping our officers who returned to their post after dealing with the incident swiftly.’ There were theatrical boos and shouts of ‘chuck him out’ from the royalist crowd watching on for the Platinum Jubilee event. Last August, Animal Rebellion dyed the Buckingham Palace fountain red and in March, a year after the Seaspiracy documentary, sprayed a fishing organisation’s HQ blood red. Seen as an offshoot for Extinction Rebellion, it has held a host of striking, peaceful protests calling for a ‘sustainable’, vegan food systems. Robert Gordon, a spokesperson for the group, added: ‘These jubilee celebrations are set to cost the taxpayer tens, if not hundreds of millions of pounds. ‘All whilst we are struggling through the cost-of-living crisis and families across the country are increasingly reliant on foodbanks. ‘Instead, this obscene amount of money could have been used to provide instant food security and kick start a plant-based future where no child is left hungry or terrified by climate collapse. We must reclaim royal land for this.’ The group calling for wholesale governmental support for a transition to a plant-based food system and a programme of rewilding ‘that will secure a future for generations to come’. Activists have previously climbed a government building demanding the UK go vegan and occupied Smithfield meat market. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Mayor flew 4,000 miles to give 14-minute speech on climate change in Canada