The government could get its wish today when the first deportation flight sets off for Rwanda – but just a handful of people will be on board. Court challenges to prevent the transfer of asylum seekers overseas have failed to stop the controversial policy from getting off the ground altogether. But the original 130 or so people who were scheduled to be on board has been whittled down by legal challenges, leaving as few as seven eligible to be deported. With more court cases due to be heard this morning, there is a real prospect of the government chartering a flight around the world with just a few people on it – or even none. Ministers are said to privately believe the chances of the flight actually taking off at 9.30pm as planned are ‘very, very slim’, with more legal challenges likely to be launched in the next few hours. The government is determined to press ahead with the divisive proposal, which will see adult men who travel illegally to the UK flown more than 4,000 miles to central Africa to be ‘processed’ at a migration centre. Downing Streets argues the policy is designed to deter people from crossing the English Channel in small boats. It has been met with widespread opposition, even reportedly drawing private criticism from Prince Charles, who is said to consider the idea ‘appalling’. Campaigners attempting to prevent the plane from taking off saw a last-ditch challenge fall at the final hurdle yesterday. Three Court of Appeal judges upheld a High Court ruling last week that the removals could go ahead, going against two refugee charities and the Public and Commercial Services union (PCS). But legal challenges on behalf of individuals supposed to be on the first flight have cut down the numbers expected to be on board. One of the charities that brought the appeal said just seven still had live tickets. Care4Calais said that altogether, there are 24 individuals the government wants to remove whose tickets have been cancelled altogether. Three further challenges brought by individuals who face removal on the first flight are expected to be heard at the High Court later today. In a letter to The Times, the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Most Rev Justin Welby, and the Archbishop of York, the Most Rev Stephen Cottrell, have savaged the policy. They wrote: ‘The shame is our own, because our Christian heritage should inspire us to treat asylum seekers with compassion, fairness and justice, as we have for centuries. This immoral policy shames Britain.’ The letter was also signed by the bishops of London, Durham, Exeter, Birmingham and Manchester. A government spokesperson acknowledged that further legal challenges and last-minute claims are expected but insisted it would press on with the policy. They said: ‘Rwanda is a safe country and has previously been recognised for providing a safe haven for refugees – we will not be deterred in delivering our plans to fix the broken asylum system which will ultimately save lives.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.