A ‘grunting and snotting’ man who attacked a teenage girl as she was waiting for a taxi has been jailed. Oluwaseun Oseni, 33, had spent the evening at a nightclub before he pounced on the 16-year-old without warning. He grabbed her around the waist, dragged her into a car park, threw her face down on the ground and then simulated sex with her from behind as she screamed at him to stop. The girl, who he had never met, had been on a night out with friends on August 21 in Maidstone, Kent, last year. Forklift driver Oseni who had taken off his top, sat astride her and put her in a chokehold as he ‘dry-humped’ her, prosecutor Richard Hearnden told a court. Oseni, a father-of-three, was interrupted by Theresa Locke, a woman passing by who bravely tried to pull him off by his hair. She had heard the girl screaming, but was punched in the face and given a black eye when she tried to help.Despite her own injury, Ms Locke called for others to help and then threw road debris at Oseni as he continued assaulting the teenager in a terrifying attack which was caught on CCTV. He was eventually pulled off, only to pursue the girl to the taxi office where she had been ushered to safety by Ms Locke and the door locked behind them. The court heard Oseni then repeatedly banged on the window with his fists while fixating his eyes on the shocked teen, who was left with bruising, cuts and scratches all over her body. Witnesses later described him as grunting, dribbling, snotting and ‘dead behind the eyes’. A urine test taken after his arrest revealed traces of alcohol and cannabis and Oseni, of Orpington, later claimed his drinks must have been spiked. But this was not supported by any evidence in court and he subsequently admitted one offence of sexual assault and two offences of assault causing actual bodily harm. Jailing him at Maidstone Crown Court yesterday, Judge Robert Lazarus praised the courage of the two victims, and said females had a right to be protected from such behaviour that was ‘inherently misogynistic in the extreme’. Judge Lazarus: “Having seen what I have seen on the CCTV, the defendant doesn’t appear in any way while committing this offence to be uncoordinated. ‘He was capable of using considerable strength and control while carrying out this awful attack. What we see was not a result of intoxication.’ The incident led to two members of staff at the taxi office quitting their jobs, including a security guard who felt responsible for not keeping the girl safe. The court heard the girl had been waiting outside Sapphire Cars in Pudding Lane, Maidstone and was alone as her friends had gone to buy food. She later gave an impact statement to police in which she described being left ‘very wary’ and how her parents had become very protective, calling her numerous times a day and buying her several phones to keep track of her whereabouts. They described their daughter as ‘a different kid’ since the attack, although Judge Lazarus praised her ‘strength and resilience’ in continuing to socialise and study. The court was told Oseni, who has no previous convictions for violence or sexual offences, had struggled to come to terms with his ‘completely out of character’ behaviour but had now shown genuine remorse and wanted to apologise to his victims. Ann Tayo, defending, said he accepted his ‘self-induced intoxication’ led to his offending. ‘It is a consequence of drinking alcohol and a consequence he must live with,’ she added. Oseni was jailed for two years and four months for the assault and sexual attack on the teenager, and for a further eight months for punching Ms Locke, making three years in total. Judge Lazarus said the assault on Ms Locke should be treated ‘no differently to the intervention of a police officer trying to arrest a suspect’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.