Move over Clinique Black Honey, there’s a new viral lipstick in town. TikTok is constantly giving us makeup products to add to our wish lists, and this latest one is special. NYX’s Glitter Goal Liquid Lipstick is exactly as the name suggests – goals. Apply it and first it looks matte, but smack your lips together and give them a rub. Voila, you have glitter lipstick. Ciate London also has a similar product that reveals glitter after a bit of friction is applied, called Glitter Flip – so if this NXY option sells out, you have another to try. Glitter is usually seen as more of a festive makeup look, but in the era of Euphoria makeup, glitter goes whenever. One TikTok creator demoed the NYX lipstick, showing you apply it, let it dry for 60 seconds, then rub your lips together. The result is a sparkly look that will stay put and feel comfortable, rather than falling all down your face. It’s a mess-free approach to the glitter lip look. In the comments she added an update though, writing that in the video she wear the shade Cherry Quartz and later bought Shimmy – the latter was disappointingly less glittery. She wrote: ‘Wore it yesterday and it is SIGNIFICANTLY less glittery.’ Answering a question about how comfortable it is to wear, she added: ‘It’s not as comfy as regular lipstick but fine if you don’t layer it on too much.’ It comes off easily with a balm cleanser too. People seem keen to try it out, with one fan writing: ‘First NYX product to spark my attention in a long time! Might have to get it!’ It seems others feel the same, so you might want to add to cart soon… The lipstick retails for £8 and can be bought here. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘A lip colour is like a signal’: Ruby Woo, the lipstick effect, and universally flattering reds MORE : Man secretly uses his date’s lipstick to write message on her toilet seat MORE : Dupes of the sell-out Clinique Black Honey lipstick that’s a TikTok favourite