Britney Spears has been granted a three-year restraining order against her ex-husband Jason Alexander as he’s charged with stalking her at her wedding. Alexander, 40, showed up unannounced at Spears’ home during her wedding to Sam Asghari at the weekend. He pleaded not guilty to felony stalking, as well as trespassing, battery and vandalism. A judge has set bail at $100,000 (£82,000) and granted a restraining order, which requires Alexander to stay at least 100 yards away from Spears for three years. Alexander, who was married to Spears, 40, for 55 hours in 2004, attended the hearing virtually. He had allegedly gate-crashed Spears and Asghari’s wedding and streamed a video from inside the popstar’s home before being arrested by Ventura County Police and taken to county jail. ‘He was able to find his way onto the property and was confronted by security,’ a police spokesman said at the time. ‘An altercation occurred with the security officers and that’s where the battery occurred… and during the altercation an item was broken, so that’s where the vandalism comes into play. And by being on private property, the trespass comes into play.’ Spears was previously granted a temporary restraining order. According to court documents obtained by ET, Spears’ attorney, Mathew Rosengart, filed a restraining order on Alexander on behalf of his client and her new husband. The attorney said that Alexander ‘ran on property into house while armed with a knife’. Furthermore, the documents reportedly stated that her ex-husband ‘has continually trespassed on her property’ and was ‘advised multiple times’ that he was ‘not welcome’. In a statement, Rosengart described the intrusion as ‘an outrageous security breach’, adding that he looks forward ‘to working with law enforcement to ensure Alexander is aggressively prosecuted and hopefully convicted, as he should be’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sam Asghari’s ex-girlfriend Mayra Veronica showers Britney Spears’ husband with praise following surprise wedding: ‘He will take good care of her’ MORE : Britney Spears boogies with Madonna to Like A Virgin at lively wedding afterparty and we wish we were there 