A prolific fly-tipper has been caught red handed – by a Ministry of Defence (MOD) helicopter. The aircraft had been passing over Melksham, Wiltshire when the pilot spotted something fishy beneath him. Corey Ross Carr could be seen dumping waste and burning mattresses. He had been operating a waste clearance service on Facebook – claiming he was ‘fully audited by the Environment Agency’. Previously, he had been prosecuted by Wiltshire Council for environmental and trading standard offences. But the November 17 footage from the passing helicopter proved to be his downfall. Carr, of Melksham in Wiltshire, appeared at Swindon Magistrates Court on June 6. He pleaded guilty to four environmental offences and one Trading Standards offence. Carr was given a 12-month Community Order, fined £1,295, including costs, and must attend 12 mental health sessions with 10 rehabilitation sessions. Mark McClelland, Wiltshire Council’s cabinet member for waste, said: ‘We have a very clear message – we will not tolerate fly-tipping. ‘We will continue to prosecute anyone who believes that they can flout the rules and blight our communities and environment. ‘We would like to thank the MOD helicopter pilots, the Environment Agency, Wiltshire Police and all the witnesses who assisted in this prosecution. ‘We will now make urgent representations to the Environment Agency to request they revoke Mr Carr waste carriers’ licence.’ Carr had been accused of failing in his duty of care for waste, depositing controlled waste on authorised land, and disposing of waste ‘in a way likely to cause pollution to the environment’ by burning the mattress. Carr was also charged with operating an unregulated waste facility on land off Woodrow Road in Melksham. The rubbish had been dumped on land owned by the Wilts and Berks Canal Trust. The waste had been traced by Environmental Enforcement Officers to a householder in Melksham. Authorities were then able to prove Carr had been paid to clear the waste but had failed to lawfully dispose of it. Mr Carr’s co-defendant, Neill Ludlow of Woodrow Road, Melksham, had pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing to knowingly permitting the deposited waste on land adjacent to his property. He had denied allowing Mr Carr to deposit waste and denied any knowledge about Mr Carr burning a mattress. Mr Ludlow was given an 18-month conditional discharge and awarded costs of £1,200, plus surcharge of £22 to be paid within 28 days. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.