A British dad-of-three broke his jaw and both of his arms after he was chased by a gang in Spain then thrown off a cliff. Steen Nodwell, 29, was also left with a fractured eye socket and skull, a shattered cheekbone, internal injuries and more. He was on holiday with friends and family in the coastal resort of Salou when he was chased by a group of men on Friday night, it is claimed. After they caught up with him, Steen, from Weston-super-Mare, Somerset, says the gang attacked him then threw him off a cliff. His sister Bethan says he is now stranded in a Spanish hospital in the nearby city of Tarragon and has required multiple operations. They will be covered by his Global Health Insurance Card, but he won’t be able to fly for over a year due to his injuries. He is now facing a journey of over 18 hours by car and his family are trying to raise funds for ‘suitable travel with medical assistance’. On a GoFundMe page, his sister Bethan says: ‘Steen is a strong and determined man and this incident showcases that. ‘A gang of local men chased my brother and after brutally attacking him, they threw him off a cliff. ‘It is only through sheer determination and courage that my brother despite his life threatening injuries managed to get up and walk for help. ‘Had he not done that, the outcome could have been tragically different. These men attempted to kill my brother and now we need your help. ‘Steen has two broken arms, one of which is a compound fracture, a broken jaw, a fractured eye socket and skull, a shattered cheekbone, internal injuries and more.’ As well as needing to pay for suitable transport, Bethan says her brother needs help and support from his family, which could mean ‘travel expenses are soon going to mount up’. ‘Whether you help with a penny or a pound, every little helps. Or even a share of this fundraiser. Our family appreciates it all,’ she added. ‘Anyone that knows my brother knows his strong character, I have no doubt he will handle this better than anyone I know. But let’s make it as comfortable as we possibly can.’ Bethan told ITV News West Country: ‘The biggest concern is the fractured skull and eye socket. They want to operate on that first in Spain. ‘He’s got a shattered cheek bone, a broken jaw, two broken arms, internal bleeding and he needs to be seen by a neurologist to determine more.’ Click here to donate to Steen’s family. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.