Want to grab a last-minute trip away for the summer? Worried you’ve left things too late? Well don’t despair, ’cause we’ve got you covered. From horse-stuffed excursions in Iceland to a summer of culture in the capital of the States, we think we’ve found something for everyone. The only thing left to do is book a ticket – pronto! Check out our recommendations below. Low-cost Icelandic airline Play launched its first direct flight from London Stansted to Baltimore Washington airport in America’s Capital Region last month. Prices start at £195 one way from Fly PLAY, so what’s to stop you visiting some of the latest sights? Washington is playing host to the DC Jazz Festival from August 31 to September 4 (tickets from £47 from DC Jazz Festival) and, for Harry Potter fans, a stint of Potted Potter – all seven books in 70 minutes (from Wednesday until July 17, tickets £40 from Shakespeare theatre). In Baltimore, don’t miss a baseball game at Oriole Park at Camden Yards, which celebrates its 30th anniversary this year – check out the website here. This summer, Adventure Parc Snowdonia, in the Conwy Valley, is launching outdoor activities perfect for those looking for a little adrenaline rush. The off-site adventures can be combined with the surfing and paddleboarding that are already available at Adventure Parc’s inland lagoon (the UK’s first), as well as numerous indoor adventures such as climbing, indoor caving and children’s activities. Try gorge-walking and coasteering (from £45pp), where you scramble, climb, swim and paddle through incredible forest canopy, or enjoy a sunrise or sunset surf lesson with the mountains in the distance (from £40pp).  Then relax in the outdoor Wave Garden Spa. Find out more with Adventure Parcs Snowdonia. Getting excited about Wimbledon? Why not have yourself a little tournament of your own, with a night or two at a hotel with tennis courts, such as Tylney Hall Hotel in Hampshire? Sitting in 66 acres of countryside near Hook, this Grade II listed Victorian house has a set of hard courts surrounded by beautiful gardens. If you’re not a tennis fan, an outdoor pool is available, plus snooker, archery and clay pigeon shooting. Rooms from £229pn from Tylney Hall. Not just for getting you from A to B at home and abroad, Uber is launching a couple of initiatives that may make your summer holiday even better. First, the app is being rolled out in a selection of islands including Malta, Sicily and Santorini, so island life will become even easier. Secondly, it’s launching Uber Explore, which will allow customers to book and browse experiences, including dinner reservations, tourist attractions and live events. It starts with Madrid, which has partnered with OpenTable to make easy restaurant bookings. Find out more with Uber. If you’re the type of person who can’t help looking at and replying to work emails while you’re on holiday, Iceland has the perfect solution: it gets its horses to do it so you don’t have to. Tourist campaign OutHorse Your Email was set up after research found that more than half of us (59%) feel that our boss, colleagues and clients expect us to reply even when we’re away. So this essential service involves one of three charming Icelandic ponies – ahem – trotting out an OOO reply for you. Work emails on holiday? Just say neigh and set yours up on Out Horse Your Email. Or simply watch the campaign video – it’s guaranteed to make you smile. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : This is why it might be worth making a travel insurance claim this summer MORE : Behind the scenes at Giffords Circus: England’s most beautiful travelling show