Has your relationship with money gone off the rails? It can be tricky to tell your personal finances are going wrong until you’re in a full-on crisis. And even when you do twig that things aren’t right, it’s tempting to try to ignore the issues and just plough on into a spiral of overspending and stress. That’s why it’s key that we talk about the warning signs that you might need to change your ways, sharpish – especially amid the rise of cost of living, where things can go very wrong, very fast. To help us do that, Katie Graham, financial expert at money-saving brand Money Transfers, has revealed five indicators that your relationship with money has become toxic – and how to sort it out. Find yourself constantly fretting about what you’ve spent? That’s not a healthy mindset. ‘If you maintain a frequent internal fight with yourself every time you spend, this may indicate that you need to revaluate your relationship with money,’ says Katie Graham. ‘Picking a fight with yourself every time you spend some money is not only draining, but likely to fuel the want to spend more, as human nature dictates that you want to do and have what you think you can’t.’ To tackle this guilt, Katie recommends the classic technique of creating a budget – but specifically setting aside money for guilt-free spending on whatever you fancy. ‘At the beginning of each week, set aside an amount of money that you will spend that you will not feel guilty about,’ she suggests. ‘This could be as small as a fiver or as large as £50. ‘This works to give yourself permission to spend whilst removing the guilt as you have already confirmed that the expenditure is within your financial means. ‘The action will also slowly alter your relationship with the actual spending of money.’ Katie says: ‘Do you regularly check your bank statements? If the answer is no, or rarely, then it’s important that this changes. ‘Individuals often don’t check their statements as they are fearful of their balance however, you are missing the opportunity to find subscriptions that you have forgotten about or curb unnecessary expenditures. ‘Ultimately, a fear of looking at your bank balance is a fear of money. Make it a habit by setting the rules, such as “every 10th time I open Instagram, I will check my banking app” or “every Thursday lunchtime, I will scan my statement”. ‘This will soon become second nature, and slowly eliminate any fear that’s surrounds your financial status.’ ‘If you consistently owe money, it can be easy to be in a centre of a circle where payday is short lived as you make payments to who you owe and then forced to borrow again,’ Katie says. ‘Such scenarios can lead to a toxic relationship with money as a person feels that they are constantly without it. ‘Bite the bullet and make an obtainable payment plan that is simple and easy to follow. Place the debt in one place so that it’s easy to track and you can observe exactly what you are paying and when.’ We’re all prone to a bit of procrastination, but make sure this isn’t getting out of control. ‘Some may be completely aware that they need to either change their relationship with money, or simply tie up loose ends,’ Katie notes. ‘Failing to do so indicates an element of fear and that your relationship with money is aligned with a sense of anxiety.’ The answer, we’re sorry to say, is to face your fears. No more delaying. Katie says: ‘Carve out time to sit and plan how you are going to tackle debt, budget for the month or even save a few pounds. ‘Try to find some joy in the process knowing that its not just a job ticked off the list, but a chance to alleviate any anxiety or fears that you have about your finances.’ Overdrafts. Store cards. Buy now, pay later schemes. We’re sorry to break it to you, but all of these things count as debt. Don’t forget that. ‘Redefining the definition of debt is easy as in some ways, it’s never been so easy to obtain it,’ Katie says. ‘However, altering its definition to suit your prospective can become toxic. ‘It’s best to stick to reality and fully acknowledge that owing money is debt.’ If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : 21 quick and easy things you can start doing now to save some money MORE : Mum ‘drowning in debt’ pays it off with money-saving hacks MORE : 10 major life events that you need to be saving money for