Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu bounced back to her iconic roots in Wednesday’s episode of Love Island thanks to the arrival of Jay Younger and it was absolutely beautiful to see. While the guys were quaking in their boots, the girls wasted no time in getting to know newcomers Jay and Remi Lambert – however, none of us could prepare for that impromptu freestyle. It seems as though Ekin-Su’s energy is contagious, as investment analyst Jay made it clear from the get-go that ‘I’m not here for seasonal boyfriend. ‘ After Davide Sanclimenti failed to take a leaf out of Curtis Pritchard’s book, Ekin-Su was overcome with emotion after the Italian stallion didn’t make her coffee during yesterday’s episode. So the 27-year-old actress used Jay’s arrival as the perfect opportunity to assess whether Davide would ‘up his game,’ or simply just step back and provide the refreshments while she cracks on with someone new. After Gemma Owen’s name slip-up, Luca Bish has smiled through gritted teeth, and we can’t help but sympathise with the fishmonger, being in the same room with someone you like is already nerve-wracking enough without their ex in the picture. While we were all rooting for Indiyah Polack and Ikenna Ekwonna following their wholesome vibe on Unseen Bits, the hotel waitress is ready to move on after Remi effortlessly provided the attention she’s been craving. The games officially began when Jay and Remi got to choose three lucky ladies to prepare their starter, main and desserts. Jay chose Amber Beckford, Ekin-Su and Tasha Ghouri, while Remi picked Paige Thorne, Indiyah and Ekin-Su – which left Gemma Owen being the only girl singled out. Two dates with two guys…..music to Ekin-Su’s ears! Indiyah prepared an aesthetically pleasing starter, and although he was watching their interaction from afar, we still can’t tell what Ikenna is thinking or feeling about the whole situation. Name mix-up aside, (seriously where did Reggie come from?) it’s safe to say romance could be on the cards for Indiyah and Remi, while Amber – who is coupled up with Dami Hope –  was buzzing from her date with Jay. Next up was Ekin-Su, and Davide represented all of us by getting his shades at the ready, to avoid missing any action. It’s only natural to recreate the iconic Lady and the Tramp moment when a bowl of spaghetti is placed in front of you, and that’s exactly what good ole’ Ekin-Su did, and we’re sure the added ‘high resolution’ did Davide more harm than good. Tasha’s date with Jay also came as a surprise as things have been pretty solid between her and Andrew Le Page, but after her date with Jay left her ‘heart thumping out of my chest, Tasha started re-evaluating her current situation. ‘That relationship with Andrew, that is not solid,’ Jay said while giving Remi the rundown. Speaking in the Beach Hut, he added: ‘My date with Tasha really surprised me in a positive way. I thought she might have been emotionally invested in Andrew, but after today that’s game on.’ While we’re grateful that Jay and Remi’s arrival has set off chain reactions within the villa, Ekin-Su’s bad gyal demeanour carried the entire episode and at this moment in time, she’s the gift that keeps on giving. Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : I was falling out of Love with Love Island – then Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu came along MORE : Love Island star’s ‘rough’ handling sparks concern: ‘She could have choked on her food’ 