Johnny Depp has made light of the incident where he severed his finger while greeting fans at his latest Jeff Beck gig, shortly after winning his defamation case against Amber Heard. This week, it was announced that Depp, 58, had been victorious in his trial against Heard, 36, with the Pirates of the Caribbean star granted $15million (£11.96m) in damages. During the hearing, he shared graphic details about a past injury he sustained, when the top of one of his fingers was severed by a vodka bottle, after his ex-wife allegedly threw two vodka bottles at him. Pictures from the night of the incident were shown in court, and Depp received stitches in hospital at the time. On Thursday evening, the Edward Scissorhands star performed at a Beck gig, marking his first performance since the jury’s verdict was announced. He was filmed greeting and speaking to fans outside the gig, bending down at one point to gesture towards a fan’s hand as he said: ‘You have five. I have four and seven eighths. Mad.’ The person who filmed the interaction, who goes by the Twitter handle @tinyspookyghoul, wrote: ‘I can’t believe I’ve just met Johnny Depp. He was so genuinely lovely and signed for me, what a legend!’ When Depp arrived on stage to perform, Beck announced to the spectators: ‘There’s someone here. You may not know who it is…’ According to MailOnline, he then shouted in a nod to Depp’s court case win the day before: ‘What a result. What a result!’ As with their previous shows, the pair performed a selection of rock ballad covers together. They’re set to release an album together in July, having been friends for five years. The duo are said to have announced the news during their Gateshead gig, when Beck said: ‘I met this guy five years ago and we’ve never stopped laughing since. We actually made an album. I don’t know how it happened. It will be out in July,’ the BBC reported. Depp’s trial with Heard began when he sued his ex-wife for $50m (£39.93m) after she wrote an op-ed for The Washington Post speaking about her experiences of domestic violence. While he was not named in the article, his team argued that it was implied that he was sexually and physically abusive towards her in their relationship, which he denied. The Aquaman actress later countersued her ex-husband, claiming that he libeled her by calling her a liar, seeking $100m (£79.86m) in damages. The former couple were married from 2015 to 2017. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : People are actually selling used wristbands from Johnny Depp and Amber Heard’s trial – and they’re more expensive than Coachella tickets MORE : Johnny Depp ‘wants to be friends with ex Kate Moss’ after she ‘surprised’ him at his London show 