Kate Garraway suffered a Cinderella moment during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Pageant on Sunday and managed to lose a shoe. The Good Morning Britain presenter was among the hundreds of national treasures who joined the Time of Our Lives section of the spectacle in central London, which paid homage to the last seven decades of the monarch’s historic reign. The celebrities, who have been pivotal to British culture over the last 70 years, travelled through the street parade in decorated open-top double-decker buses each themed to a decade. Kate, however, lost a trainer in the midst of the celebrations. Speaking to Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley on Monday’s programme, the host explained: ‘So, we were told to wear sensible shoes because there was a lot of walking. ‘But there was a moment when I first arrived… I had my old trainers on, and I felt a bit embarrassed, so I changed and then dropped it.’ Happens to the best of us, eh? Kate was part of the 1960s bus which was decorated in psychedelic patterns and flowers and she joined the likes of Basil Brush and Alan Titchmarsh. They were surrounded by people dressed in 1960s-style clothing of bellbottom trousers and bandanas who danced down the road. Strictly Come Dancing judge Shirley Ballas said the atmosphere was ‘electric’ as she travelled in the 1970s bus. Following the Queen’s appearance on the balcony of Buckingham Palace at the end of the parade, Sir Cliff Richard said it still feels like the ‘grandest honour’ for him to be near the royal family years later from his first interaction. Supermodels Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell led stars on the 1990s pageant bus, which was designed in a denim style with images of figures like the Spice Girls. Following her appearance, Naomi said she was ‘honoured’ to be a part of the event and praised the Queen for ‘giving herself selflessly to this nation and the world and the Commonwealth’. A procession of thousands of members of the public accompanied the celebrities, also dressed in outfits representing the fashion and culture changes of the seven decades. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 