A relatively unknown sexually transmitted infection has found to be disproportionately affecting women from racially minoritised and deprived communities. Women from Black, Black British, Caribbean, or African backgrounds were more likely to have an STI called trichomonas vaginalis (TV) – a condition that can increase the likelihood of contracting HIV if untreated – according to sexual health testing provider, Preventx. In fact, 5.2% of women from those backgrounds who were experiencing vaginal discharge – an established symptom of TV – tested positive for the infection, compared to 3.4% of white women and 3.5% across all women. TV also disproportionately affects women from Black Caribbean or African heritage without any symptoms, with a positivity rate more than twice that of asymptomatic white British women (2.0% vs 0.8%). As well as racial background, levels of deprivation also increased the risk of TV. The most deprived communities had higher levels of positivity than other communities, with 5.9% of symptomatic women in the most deprived quintile testing positive. This was significantly higher than the 1.4% positivity rate seen in the least deprived areas. People without any symptoms from the most deprived groups were also three times more likely to test positive for TV than other groups (2.7% vs 0.8%). ‘I know from the patients in my care that TV can also cause a lot of emotional distress for the person infected too,’ says Dr John White, medical director at Preventx and consultant physician in sexual health and HIV. ‘Women, in particular, can remain infected for years – and their distressing symptoms are often misdiagnosed or dismissed. ‘If untreated, TV can also increase the chance of acquiring HIV in at-risk communities, as well as cause complications in pregnancy.’ The study team reviewed data from 8,676 women from six English local authority areas who had completed remote STI tests, making this the largest study of its kind and providing much-needed new insight into TV. Dr White says this new data reveals ‘worryingly high’ positivity rates, with certain communities more affected than others. High-quality TV testing is not currently carried out as standard in the UK, but the infection is known to be far more common than gonorrhoea globally, which is routinely tested for. The study team compared the two infections and found that 3.5% of women with symptoms tested positive with TV compared to only 0.6% for gonorrhoea. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : New mum gets stuck in Greece after going into labour six weeks early while on luxury ‘babymoon’ MORE : How to deal with work-related anxiety MORE : A fast food outlet is selling the ‘UK’s first’ Wagyu doner kebab for £20