We all know the drill of turning your pillow over to the cold side when the warmth becomes too much to bear. With summer well underway, you may be looking for a way to sleep better in the heat that goes beyond this classic pillow trick. And, as it turns out, the mattress you choose can be the key to cooling down. Ergoflex’s 5G mattress has proven a huge hit with people who run hot at night, thanks to fabric technology that offers the comfort of memory foam without the negatives. Using a Cool-Sleep airflow system that rests in the core of the Ergoflex 5G mattress, air circulation and heat disposal are maximised while you snooze. In addition, every Ergoflex mattress has a breathable woven Tencel outer cover with vented edges – so no more waking up sweaty and uncomfortable. As well as its cooling properties, the Ergoflex 5G has a class-leading high density memory foam layer at a depth three times that of the closest competitor. A high resilience base layer also helps make your mattress last longer and perform better during its lifespan, reducing motion transfer so you won’t be disturbed by your partner tossing and turning. Hypoallergenic, antimicrobial, and with orthopaedic pressure-relief, there ate tons of reasons to choose Ergoflex when it’s time to replace your mattress. Don’t just take our word for it, though. Ergoflex is the UK’s best-rated mattress-in-a-box, boasting a Trustpilot rating of 4.7 and 88% five star reviews. ‘Lovely comfy mattress that keeps you cool,’ said one person who reviewed the 5G mattress. ‘Really comfortable, giving good support and does stay cool,’ said another, while another wrote: ‘Stays cool unlike other memory foam mattresses.’ The best bit? The whole range is currently on sale, with up to 45% off and prices starting at just £302. Use the offer code SAVE45 to get big discounts, including £364 off the price of a double Ergoflex 5G (reduced from £809 to £445). With free next day delivery and a 30 day trial option, it’s a no-brainer. View the full Ergoflex range here. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman discovers she’s pregnant with two sets of identical twins at the same time MORE : How to deal with change (and why you find it so hard)