Rail workers have walked out because they have concerns about safety and not just because they want more money, a Network Rail employee has said. The UK has been hit with the country’s biggest rail strike in 30 years, making commutes extremely difficult this week. Members of the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT) want a ‘pay rise that reflects the cost of living crisis’. But one worker, who asked not to be named, has stressed the strikes are also about keeping transport safe for employees and travellers. He told Sky News: ‘The issue that I have is nothing to do with money. Every reporter and news station across the country is just focusing on pay – this strike is mainly about safety. ‘Network Rail want to cut 2,000 operative jobs just on my route alone.’ A rail operative is responsible for inspecting, maintaining and repairing the tracks and any other equipment used. They essentially make sure everything is running safely. The unnamed worker claims these roles are going to be replaced with assistant technicians who would have to ‘drive throughout the country in their own vehicles, costing the worker more money’. Workers are also reportedly worried about bosses ‘bringing in cross-discipline working’. ‘They expect us to do their highly skilled work even though we are not trained to do the task,’ the employee said. He added: ‘Network Rail wants to attack our pension scheme and make us work more weekends with reduced rest periods between shifts, therefore making staff more fatigued and increasing the risk of serious injury.’ Network Rail argues its efforts to ‘modernise its workforce and replace outdated working practices’ would in fact make the industry safer. The company also believes its proposed changes would actually enable it to offer ‘affordable’ pay rises to its employees. A spokesperson said: ‘We would never introduce or consider any proposals that make the railway or our people less safe. ‘The railway has changed significantly in the last 20 years and over that time railway safety has only improved, often despite initial resistance to changes from trades unions. ‘In fact, the ideas we have for modernising maintenance looks to improve the safety of the workforce by reducing unnecessary track-side inspections and cyclical scheduled tasks, and using technology and remote condition monitoring where possible instead.’ The Department of Transport said staff would be ‘redeployed where they are needed most’ with others offered a ‘voluntary severance scheme which has proved popular’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.