A London boozer is selling what is believed to be Britain’s most expensive beer – priced at an unbelievab-ale £80.15p a pint. The imported American craft ale is on sale for £105 for a 750ml bottle (1.3 pints) at The Craft Beer Co in Brixton. The Reforged 20th Anniversary Ale is made by the AleSmith Brewing Company, an ‘artisanal’ microbrewery in San Diego, California. The 11% ABV beer, aged in a bourbon barrel for 18 months, is dark brown in colour and has a thick, syrupy consistency. The dark sour ale contains roasted malts and hops together with coffee, chocolate, vanilla, caramel and barley wine. However, it has failed to win over the pub’s clientele – with just a single bottle sold so far. But beer fans could be swayed by a third off the price tag if they choose to buy a bottle to take home. The single bottle was purchased by a group of six drinkers who said they enjoyed the taste but could not justify the price. Pub manager and beer fan Ben O’Neill, 22, said the ale was a ‘bit on the thin side’ compared to most other Imperial stouts. ‘Without the price I would rate this as an 8.2 out of 10. With the price factored in, it is more like a four out of 10. ‘I would definitely expect more from something that is so expensive.’ Ben added the most he would consider paying is £45 for a pint. His friend Chris Anagnostopoulos, 27, a software engineer from Bath, added: ‘It does grow on you, but I would not pay that much for it even to have it once.’ Meanwhile banker Elliot Clark, 26, from Brixton, offered a damning assessment of the beverage. ‘It is not what I want from a beer. It is very syrupy and the taste is quite overwhelming. ‘It is not something I would want to drink a pint of. ‘If it was a shot or a cocktail, yes. I like a taste of it. He added: ‘I have spent a couple of hundred pounds on a bottle of wine before but I would not buy that.’ The Brixton pub’s second most expensive tipple is another American ale, named ‘Brewery Out of the Lunch Box’, priced at £45 for a 750ml bottle. Pub general manager, Andrew Barton, said the venue likes to highlight different breweries and give punters the chance to try new drinks. He conceded some prices will be out of reach for people struggling during the cost of living crisis in Britain. But he added: ‘With the beers we have on tap, we try to make craft beer very accessible and we try to be cheaper than other pubs nearby – we sell one IPA for £6.50 when they sell it for more than £7. ‘It is not all about charging people these crazy prices. ‘We charge what we charge because the cost of a keg is very expensive. ‘We could raise our prices further, but we want to make this accessible for people.’ The Brixton bar’s most expensive beer on tap costs £11.