A huge rave held in Cornwall this weekend was disguised as a ‘model show’. Police were called to the gathering, close to the border with Devon, late last night. Party-goers, who had travelled from across the UK to attend, had met on the Davidstow Moor in Camelford. Hundreds of parked cars caused obstructions and police were forced to close surrounding roads. Sleep-deprived locals say there are still ‘too many vehicles and people for police to deal with.’ Metro.co.uk visited the site this evening and could get as far as a police cordon. Officers were seen enforcing road closures and speaking with drivers. Loud music could be heard even miles away from the site of the rave and some attendees were wearily walking down the road. Signs advertising a model show were scattered on nearby roads, pointing to the site of the ‘illegal rave.’ Police could be heard advising drivers that access through the road closure was only possible for workers at the Davidstow Creamery. The manufacturing plant is known for making Cathedral City cheddar cheese. This weekend’s rave, at an abandoned airfield, was reported to authorities at 10pm last night. Police say a ‘significant number of specialist resources’ have since been deployed to the area. A spokesperson from the Devon and Cornwall Police force said: ‘The event is currently covering quite a large area and we believe there are several hundred people in attendance. ‘A number of people have left this morning and others attempting to enter have been turned away. ‘In the interest of public safety, we are asking anyone thinking about attending the event not to do so. ‘I would like to reassure the local communities and wider public that we are taking this matter seriously and where appropriate, we will seek to action against those attending and running the event.’ Meanwhile nearby residents have been left outraged at the ‘mess’ left behind and worried about the impact on sheep that roam fields near to the rave. ‘God help the poor animals up there, they must be terrified’ wrote Helen Parkyn on Facebook. She added she had ‘no sleep’ due to the ‘banging music’ all night. A group have residents have now formed a clean-up group, and say they will visit the area on Monday armed with rubbish bags. Organiser Craig Martin runs the Moorgate Dog Training Field and had to cancel appointments this weekend due to the rave He wrote on Facebook: ‘I’ve personally had to close for the weekend that will impact a small business especially on a bank holiday weekend ‘I don’t want our local community to see the mess left behind from this party, so I’ll be up there on Monday with quad and trailer to collect rubbish.’ Photographer  Adrian Jasper managed to gain entry to the rave by calling a secret number to find the location. He told CornwallLive: ‘Every road and every corner is jammed solid with cars. I’ve spoken with a few of them, they said they’ve come as far as Scotland and Oxfordshire. One bloke getting out of his car said he’s driven 400 miles and can’t get in. ‘There’s cars, tents, people camping, people sat in their cars drinking, boots loaded with camping gear. ‘I’ve never seen anything like it. ‘The police are stopping people getting in, with officers apparently drafted in from Plymouth.’ The rave is reportedly due to last until Monday. Video published online today shows a sound stage with a Jolly Roger flag draped across sound equipment. Loud music can be heard as groups walk over the field. On Facebook, an attendee called Scott wrote yesterday: ‘Get ya self to Cornwall biggest illegal rave this country has seen for about 30 years. ‘No signal but if you know you know get on down for a party in the woods 150kw of pro Audio sound coming out of the main stage you would be dumb to miss it. ‘Videos will be uploaded in couple of days with I’m back in civilisation.’ There is heavy traffic and travel disruption around Camelford and other areas so motorists should expect delays and are urged to avoid the area. The rave at Davidstow comes 30 years on from the Castlemorton Common gathering. The rave, on a bank holiday weekend in 1992, went down in history as the biggest illegal rave ever held in the UK. An estimated 20,000–40,000 people gathered on Castlemorton Common for the party. A subsequent trial cost £4m and led to the passing of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act. Devon and Cornwall Police have been contacted by Metro.co.uk for additional comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.