You know you’ve lived in London for too long when paying more than £1,000 a month for a mini studio flat feels like a good deal. That’s even truer if you’re still convinced, even once you see that your bed is up a ladder, bunk bed style. But this is city living – a strange sort of Stockholm syndrome where we lose all sense of what’s normal. And so yes, this £1,083-a-month studio flat in Earls Court, west London, really doesn’t seem so bad – despite having a bed right by the kitchen’s extractor fan. The flat, which is on the third floor of a period building on the fancy Collingham Place, is made up of a living/sleeping/cooking area, with a kitchenette complete with a sink, cupboards, a fridge, and a microwave. There’s room for a dining table (a rarity in the London rental market these days) and a sofa – but we can’t spy a TV, and your view from the couch appears to be… the dining table we just mentioned. Then there’s your bed, which is up on a bunk and reachable by a wooden ladder. If you’re a glass half full sort of person, you might look at this bed and think of those golden days of sleepovers being envious of your pal’s bunk beds. If you’re not, you might experience some slight dread at the idea of turning off the big light at nighttime, then having to clamber up to your bed in the dark. You might also notice that the mattress seems a tiny bit too big for the bed frame. We don’t know the dimensions of this flat, as Dexters, who are letting the property, haven’t included a floorplan in the listing. There are also no photos of the bathroom, but the listing does indeed say there is one. ‘A third floor self contained studio flat within a well maintained period building,’ reads the listing. ‘The flat has wood flooring and plenty of storage making it an ideal accommodation for a single occupier. ‘Collingham place is a popular quiet residential road, well located for access to the A4 as well as the shops, bars, cafes and restaurants on offer in South Kensington, Gloucester Road and Earls Court.’ If you enjoy the adrenaline rush of sleeping up near the ceiling, you can enquire about this place through Dexters. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : London studio flat could be yours for £265k – but it needs some work MORE : What I Rent: Oriana, £2,000 a month for a one-bedroom flat in Canning Town, London MORE : What I Rent: Debs, £870 a month for a two-bedroom house in Colchester, Essex