Red, white, and blue were the call of the day for the Platinum Jubilee weekend. So after wearing a red coat to Cardiff Castle, and standing side-by-side with Prince William, wearing blue, there was really only one option for Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge, for the Platinum Party at Buckingham Palace. Yep, Kate went for white – or cream, to be exact – for the mega event celebrating the Queen. If you saw her look and wanted to know all the details, don’t worry – we’re here to help. The dress (yep, it’s a dress, not a jacket and skirt) is from Self Portrait, and is made with boucle, chiffon, and fine lace for an interesting mix of textures. It’s got a long-sleeved top section, that creates the effect of a wraparound jacket, then a flowy pleated midi skirt, with a belt at the waist to cinch in. The dress is on the pricey side, coming in at £400, and it is indeed still on sale – in case you fancy stealing Kate’s style. Matches also has a sleeveless version of the same dress, again for £400. The Duchess accessorised her outfit with a simple silver cross necklace and large dangling hoop earrings, plus a beaded clutch bag. We don’t know where the silver cross necklace is from, but the earrings are a repeat-wear – Kate’s had the Robinson Pelham Oxygen Aspen earrings since at least 2018. Note her hair and makeup, too – the royal kept it simple with curled hair, worn loose and swept over one shoulder, and her usual soft smoky eye. Buy it for £400 Buy it for £400 Buy for £39.99 Buy for £79 Buy for £109 Buy for £77 This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Colour-blocking, twinsets, and glorious hats: Queen Elizabeth II’s best ever style moments through the years MORE : Deborah James fundraiser breaks through £3,000,000 as Prince William and Kate Middleton donate undisclosed amount 