Johnny Depp has kept fans guessing after sharing a cryptic post about something coming ‘soon’, following his victory in his defamation case with ex-wife Amber Heard. The actor, 58, took to Instagram to share a photo of Hollywood legend Hedy Lamarr wearing an elaborate headpiece made of stars as he teased: ‘Soon… X’ Depp did not give any further details on what the project might be, though it soon had fans guessing as to what he may be working on. Fans speculated as to whether the Pirates of the Caribbean star might have written a song about the late actress after he performed on stage with Jeff Beck during a recent string of concerts after the court case finished. Others suggested it was a hint that he might have bagged a role in an upcoming series about the actress, which also stars Gal Gadot. The series was first announced in 2019, with Gafod adding in a November 2021 birthday tribute to  Lamarr: ‘”I am a very simple complicated person”. Happy birthday to the incredible Hedy Lamarr! ‘I’m so fascinated by this moving actress, ground-breaking inventor and overall inspiring woman, and I cannot wait to share with you her story.’ Lamarr, who was born in 1914 and died in 2000, was both an actress and an inventor and found her way to Hollywood after fleeing Austria and her husband, and meeting Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studio head Louis B. Mayer in London, who offered her an acting contract. She was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame in 2014 after a radio guidance system she and composer George Antheil developed at the start of WWII led to the creation of Bluetooth and GPS technology decades later. Lamarr, who was married six times overall and spent the last decades of her life communicating with the outside world, including her family and friends, exclusively over the phone, is often described as one of the greatest movie actresses of all time. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp’s lawyers hint he could waive Amber Heard’s $8,000,000 damages after admitting she can’t afford to pay MORE : Johnny Depp fans serenade him with happy birthday at final UK tour date as he prepares to turn 59 