People are today being urged to ‘stand proudly together in the face of an intolerant minority’ after new stats reveal some still hold on tightly to feelings that ‘drive homophobia, biphobia and transphobia’. A report by Stonewall, released today, comes nearly 50 years since members of the LGBTQ+ community first marched through the streets of London. In the decades that have passed since, people have tirelessly fought for equality in the face of adversity. The new Take Pride report calls on people to ‘still stand proudly together in the face of a loud, intolerant minority.’ Stonewall’s report, delivered by Opinium, found that women and younger people are more likely to be pro-LGBTQ+ than men or older people. Their findings also showed a minority who ‘are still holding on tight to the feelings of disgust and fear that drive homophobia, biphobia and transphobia.’ Just under one in 10 people said they feel ‘disgust’ towards the LGBTQ+ community. These negative feelings were reflected in 9% of respondents toward gay people, falling to 8% for trans and bi people, and just 7% towards lesbians. Feelings of ‘resentment’, ‘fear’ and ‘envy’ were recorded, but even rarer. But overall, Stonewall has found a picture of ‘growing acceptance’ after more than 2,000 adults were surveyed. The most common feeling the public has towards LGBTQ+ people was found to be one of respect, with more than a third of respondents choosing this option. But people were more likely to say they felt respect for lesbian and gay people – 38% and 37% – than bi or trans people – 32% and 31%. This Pride Month, people have been urged to ‘do more than wear a rainbow pin’ to encourage a further change in attitudes toward LGBTQ+ people. Nancy Kelley, CEO of Stonewall, said: Over the last 50 years, every battle for the rights of LGBTQ+ communities has been fought in the court of public opinion as well as in the corridors of power. ‘This data reminds us to celebrate how far we’ve come, as well as focus on how far there is to go. ‘Nobody should have to grow up and go through life worrying that the people around them feel disgusted by who they are. ‘From the fight to decriminalise men who have sex with men, to the fight for trans people’s rights to be protected and respected, we’ve always relied on allies to stand alongside us. ‘That’s why, as we enter pride month, we need people to do more than wear a rainbow pin – we need everyone to show they take pride in our community, by stepping up and fighting for a more equal world.’ The Take Pride report has suggested focusing on building respect among men, older people and in particular areas where negative views are more common. It adds: ‘It is clear that homophobia, biphobia and transphobia are closely interconnected. ‘Fifty years after we first marched together through the streets of London, we are still standing proudly together in the face of a loud, intolerant minority.’ It adds: ‘While the population who feel respect for LGBT people is around four times larger than the population who feel disgusted by us, it is important to recognise that even a small minority of the public who hold such strong negative views can have a significant negative impact on the safety and wellbeing of LGBTpeople. ‘We are a small population- just 3.1% of the public identify as lesbian, gay or bi, and estimates suggest only 0.6% of the population are trans. ‘We are outnumbered by the people who look at us with disgust, pity and fear.’ Recent statistics from the ONS recently revealed more British people identify as lesbian, gay or bisexual than ever before. The number went up from 2.7% in 2019 to 3.1% in 2020. Sasha Misra, associate director of communications and campaigns at Stonewall said ‘reliable data’ was helping to prove that negative reactions are rarer than perhaps thought. ‘Reliable data consistently shows that this is a minority, extreme position, and doesn’t reflect the will of the people’, she said. Sasha added the UK public ‘takes pride in holding inclusive values, and increasingly embraces its LGBTQ+ population.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 