Boris Johnson’s future as prime minister is on a knife-edge after he survived Monday night’s no confidence vote in a worse position than Theresa May did months before she was ousted. Although he saw off the challenge with 211 votes to the rebels’ 148, there was widespread speculation in Westminster that such a result would hammer his chances of seeing the Tories through the next general election. His predecessor survived a leadership ballot with the support of 63% of Tory MPs in December 2018, while 37% said they had no confidence in her. In contrast, the votes cast in Mr Johnson’s favour amount to 59% of Tory MPs, with 41% against. The vote was triggered after 54 of his colleagues submitted no confidence letters against the backdrop of the partygate scandal. While the result means the PM is safe from another challenge for 12 months, the relatively narrow victory could concentrate efforts to remove him before the country next goes to the polls. His approval rating has fallen drastically in recent months, standing at 26 points as of May 5, and a ConservativeHome survey last week found he was by far the least popular Cabinet member among Tory activists. Ms May reportedly turned up to cast her vote in a ballgown on Monday night, having stopped by parliament on the way to a Platinum Jubilee dinner event. She refused to say how she planned to vote but has previously been withering in her criticism of Mr Johnson’s rule-breaking lockdown antics. The result of her confidence vote in December 2018 proved to be a major blow to her leadership,  boosting her opponents’ belief that attempts to unseat her could succeed. When her first Brexit deal was defeated the following month, Jeremy Corbyn tabled a parliament-wide no-confidence motion against the government which was only narrowly defeated by 325 votes to 306. Subsequent votes on her bid to renegotiate the deal in the following months saw large numbers of Tory MPs openly plotting against the government. She was finally forced to step down in summer 2019 after successive defeats on Brexit led to renewed attempts to remove her from within the party. The result also means Mr Johnson did worse than John Major in his vote of no confidence in 1995, when a third of the party either voted against him, spoiled their ballot papers or abstained. It forced Mr Major into a major cabinet reshuffle, although he clung onto the party leadership until his resounding defeat in 1997 by Tony Blair. Mr Johnson’s result is also only fractionally better than Margaret Thatcher’s when she suffered a leadership chalenge which led to her being unseated in 1990. Her challenger, Michael Heseltine, won 43% to Ms Thatcher’s 57%. Under the party’s rules at the time, she needed to be 15% clear of the runner-up to survive. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.