Pride Month is here, so it feels only appropriate to show your support by flying the rainbow flag. From making a statement with a reusable bottle to brightening up the garden with striped cushions, we’ve found a range of homeware goodies decked out in rainbow colours for the occasion. If you’re planning a Pride party, check out where you can buy bunting, drinks and themed-snacks. And it’s not just about rainbow kitsch – many of the products on this list are raising money for LGBTQ+ initiatives. Get shopping below. Nothing will rain on your parade with this rainbow outdoor cushion, made from 100 per cent water-resistant fabric. Buy for £12.99 from Bean Bag Bazaar. Bring in a feel-good glow with a dazzling display of rainbow lights. It’s one ofour favourite ways to light up a love nest, 365 days a year. Buy for £99 from Red Candy. Fly your flags with pride and celebrate in the boldest way by hanging strings of rainbow bunting everywhere. Buy for £9.99 (30ft) from Amazon. To mark Pride season, Ikea has brought back its LGBT+ rainbow flag bag with all profits going to LGBT+ initiatives. That’s how to shop smart. Buy it for £1.50 from Ikea. It’ll be love at first bite – and a full-on dopamine colour hit – when you try the juicy, fruity flavours of these vegan, rainbow jelly sweets. They’re the only treats you need for Pride parties. Buy for £3 from Candy Kittens. We’re saying a big cheers to Pride Party season, with this gift set of craft beers, all decked out in a rainbow label combo – this might just be the easiest way to get a six-pack. Buy for £26 from Not On The High Street. Share the love by sending this rainbow-iced ginger biscuit through the post. A sweet treat for loved ones, 10% of sales goes to Kaleidoscope Trust. Buy for £7.95 from Biscuiteers. Make a toast to Pride Month with a tipple of this very special Pride vodka, created to celebrate diversity and equality. A percentage of sales goes to LGBT+ human rights charity, Kaleidoscope Trust. Buy for £47.95 from The Whisky Exchange. Keep hydrated this Pride month with a rainbow flask – 15% of profits from everything sold on the Gay Pride Shop is shared equally with three LGBTQ+ charities. Buy it for £15 from Gay Pride Shop. Cover your table with a rainbow and you’ll serve up a brighter day. This heavyweight tablecloth is made of organic recycled yarns in one of England’s last mills. Buy for £119 (2.4metres) from Maison Elhoria. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : 50 photos of Pride to mark movement’s 50th anniversary MORE : Bangkok celebrates its first Pride parade in 16 years MORE : Navigating healthcare: Top tips from trans people, for trans people 