Selling your home can be a minefield. With 40% of house hunters making the interior style of a home their top priority when buying, it’s never been more stressful to impress. Some people even renovate their homes in order to flog them quicker and make a bit of extra cash in the process. But what if we told you that there’s a cost-effective way you can stage your home in order to sell your property? No huge renovations needed, and just four easy steps to success and, ultimately, a sale. And while staging your home, you might even be able to add up to £10,000 onto its value. Yep, really. From baking bread to please the senses to making sure everywhere is clutter-free and clean – there are a few different ways to help with a sale. Kirsty Oakes, from Hammonds Furniture, has revealed her top tips on how you can stage your home in four easy steps. Your favourite ornaments might not be to the taste of the person thinking of buying your home. While your belongings have nothing to do with the sale of your house, they have everything to do with the decision that comes before contracts are exchanged. ‘Storing away personal mementos and other ornaments can help to make a room appear larger and help any viewers to better envisage how their own belongings will look in the space,’ Kirsty urges. ‘With minimalism being a highly popular style for house hunters, decluttering will help you to achieve a cleaner look.’ A minimalist style is very popular among house hunters, she explains before revealing that the average person would be prepared to offer £3,600 above the asking price for a home with this aesthetic. ‘This style is even more valued among younger generations, with 12% of 18–24-year-olds claiming they would offer £10,000 over the asking price for a home decorated in this style.’ She recommends storing any belongings that you don’t want on show underneath beds and desks to maximise the space you already have. ‘Failing all else, a good clear out – including reselling or donating anything you no longer want or need – will ultimately make the big move easier for you, all while making your space more appealing to buyers.’ Although dopamine decor is a huge trend right now, this isn’t a big hit with house hunters willing to splash their hard-earned cash on a home. Hammonds Furniture found that 33% of those they asked would offer below the asking price for a home decorated in a maximalist style. This means you might want to consider muting your home interior with some more neutral colours. Kirsty recommends painting your walls white, duck egg blue, or pale grey – three colours that were the most popular according to one of their recent surveys. She adds that 24% of people would also look elsewhere if the house they were viewing had ‘ugly wallpaper’. And 19% would be put off by any holes in the walls from hanging pictures or paintings. ‘So, even if your home is already decorated in neutral tones, refreshing your walls with a lick of paint and patching up any holes can still help to ensure a swifter sale,’ Kirsty urges. It’s not just inside your home that buyers judge – it’s the exterior, too. Kirsty says that a third of people would be put off a house with a messy garden. In fact, according to Michael Patterson, the managing director of WeBuyAnyHouse, neglecting an outdoor space can also knock off up to 20% off your property’s value. ‘An unkept garden and exterior can indicate to potential buyers that other areas of your home may also be neglected, so make sure your property’s outside is as appealing as its inside to make a strong first impression,’ says Kirsty. She also recommends taking time to neaten up outdoor spaces as this ‘can make the world of difference and will present your property as well-maintained in every aspect.’ ‘Get rid of any weeds, sweep your driveway and paving, and add a pop of colour with the addition of new plants.’ She also recommends giving your front door a lick of paint or perhaps investing in a new one if it’s beyond a face lift. Making inside and outside your home look visually appealing is the most effective way to draw in a buyer. But appealling to all of the potential buyer’s senses is also important because it can help them to envisage just how comfortable they could be in your property. ‘Help your home smell clean and inviting by using a scented candle, reed diffuser or room spray,’ explains Kirsty. ‘Unpleasant smells can be hugely off-putting for potential buyers, with 37% of Brits admitting pet smells would put them off a property.’ She adds that bad smells can be a sign of uncleanliness and poor maintenance too – something that house hunters don’t want to deal with when moving into their new home. Finally, she urges that you ensure your home is at optimal temperature so that viewers are comfortable. ‘On a hot summer’s day, ensure you’ve aired out the house before a viewing, or you may even want to use a fan if your house gets particularly hot,’ Kirsty adds. *Findings from Hammonds who surveyed 2,000 UK adults on their feelings towards the interior design during house viewings. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What I Rent: Rebecca, £795 a month for a three-bedroom bungalow in Branston, Lincolnshire MORE : H&M’s latest interiors collection will create a Moroccan style escape at home MORE : Airbnb will pay you £80,000 to design and build an absolutely wild home for guests