Heracleum mantegazzianum, or as it’s commonly known, giant hogweed is a non-native plant in the UK that is commonly found on British river banks and can be dangerous to humans. There have been recent reports featuring images of painful blisters from those who have come into contact with the giant plant. A primary school girl in Bolton had horrendous second-degree burns, while a 22-month-old left in ‘agony’ after a brush with the toxic weed earlier in June. Knowing what giant hogweed is, what it looks like and how it can pose a threat to humans is key to avoiding harm and keeping both yourself and others safe. Giant hogweed is not native to the UK and was first introduced into the country from Southern Russia and Georgia in the 19th Century. A towering plant that can reach up to three meters (10 feet) in height, it can be easily mistaken for cow parsley, one of the reasons that it is a danger to those who are unaware of the risks associated with touching hogweed. In the New Journal of Botany, published in 2013, giant hogweed was described as ‘a threat to public health.’ The Royal Horticultural Society explains that the primary danger posed by giant hogweed to humans is the plant’s sap, which if it gets onto the skin and the skin is exposed to sunlight, can cause burns and blistering. Their website states: ‘Chemicals in the sap can cause photodermatitis or photosensitivity, where the skin becomes very sensitive to sunlight and may suffer blistering, pigmentation and long-lasting scars.’ If your skin has come into contact with giant hogweed you should ensure you wash it immediately, keep out of the sun and seek medical advice. Hogweed is a common native plant in the UK  – unlike giant hogweed – and can be found in abundance in hedgerows. The Wildlife Trusts describes it as a member of the ‘carrot family,’ displaying large, umbrella-like clusters of creamy-white flowers between May and August that are attractive to insects, although it can flower all year round. It can only grow up to two metres in length, a whole metre shorter than the giant hogweed. Common hogweed sap is also less toxic than that of giant hogweed (and some other umbellifers), so doesn’t cause the same skin irritation. Similar to cow parsley, giant hogweed is a long-stemmed green plant with white flowers, however, it does have some features that differentiate it from the harmless fern-like foliage. Firstly, giant hogweed is a great deal taller than cow parsley, growing well above 1.5 meters in height. Its leaves and flowers are also a great deal larger than cow parsley and other similar plants – so look out for any plant that resembles an oversized or giant cow parsley or rhubarb plant. Giant hogweed also have hollow green stems that feature purple blotches and stiff, white hairs and huge leaves with irregular, jagged edges. Giant hogweed secretes a dangerous sap from its stems both while rooted and extracted. The sap can cause severe burns and skin damage when it makes contact with skin, often resulting in blistering at the site of contact. Some reactions can develop phytophotodermatitis, meaning that contact with the plant chemicals can cause skin inflammation when exposed to sunlight. If you accidentally get giant hogweed sap on your skin, Healthline says that you should wash the area with mild soap and cool water as soon as possible and keep the skin covered when outside to protect it from sunlight. If a rash or blister begins to form, you should seek medical attention as soon as possible. If you think you have identified giant hogweed in your local area, avoid walking through or near it- most certainly do not try removing it yourself. You consult with a weed removal expert or contact your local authority, because they have powers in certain circumstances to have the dangerous plant removed under The Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981. MORE : These are the toxic plants most threatening to your garden MORE : These are the plants you need to get your garden back on track this summer Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Share your views in the comments below.