Selena Gomez and Cara Delevingne’s passionate kiss sparked a mixed reaction from fans following the release of Only Murders In The Building season two. It was confirmed last month that the Paper Town actress, 31, will be playing Mabel Mora’s (Selena) love interest, Alice Banks in the mystery series. During episode two, titled Framed, a frustrated Mabel is in the art studio and Alice told her to smash a sculpture to help release her emotions. ‘I feel better,’ Mabel said after destroying the artwork, as she walked over to Alice to kiss her. ‘I feel better too,’ Alice whispered after their steamy moment. While fans were hoping for some action between the pair, many hailed the makeout scene as ‘awkward.’ ‘Bruh I just watched #OnlyMudersInTheBuilding and why is that kiss so awkward. Selena just stood there, refusing to open her mouth while Cara was trying to devour her. It was painful to watch,’ one person wrote. ‘Don’t be mad at me but all i wanted was to see selena gomez kiss a girl but that kiss in only murders in the building made me feel uncomfortable… there was no chemistry and it looked like they were not really into it? idk,’ another tweeted. Despite the criticism, one viewer pointed out that the kiss was shot that way on purpose to reflect Mabel’s personal struggle with intimacy. ‘To be clear about all the comments about Mabel (Selena) and Alice (Cara) kissing in Only Murders in the Building: the kiss WAS supposed to be the way it was, it wasn’t supposed to be a kiss that made Mabel comfortable easily,’ they tweeted. Speaking exclusively to Metro.co.uk, showrunner John Hoffman explained how the model star landed a prominent role alongside her bestie Selena. ‘We wrote the role separately,’ he said. ‘We wanted to open up each of our trio’s world a little bit. ‘It’s a very New York story. If you’re splashed on the front page of a New York story, for good or bad reasons, you’re still becoming known, and that’s the balancing edge that they’re on the whole season. ‘For Mabel’s case [Selena] we touched on her desire to be an artist last year, that opening her world with a facilitator like Alice who feels aspirational to her, so that was the first beginning to Alice and how she would open up Mabel’s world.’ Only Murders In The Building is available to watch on Disney Plus. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Only Murders In The Building fans should be ‘hopeful’ for season 3 as ‘story lends itself’ for more twists and turns MORE : Only Murders In The Building: Where is the series filmed and is it a real apartment block? 