An 87-year-old Japanese man who spent nearly three decades living on a remote island has been granted his wish to see his former home one last time. Masafumi Nagasaki worked as a photographer before becoming fed up of civilisation in his fifties. Leaving behind his wife and two rumoured children in 1989, he moved to Sotobanari, a densely vegetated, unpopulated 1km-wide islet with no fresh water hundreds of kilometres south of Japan’s mainland. After 29 years of solitary living he was discovered by a local fisherman lying almost unconscious on a beach in 2018. Doctors were brought in amid concerns for his health and found he needed hospital treatment. On his first visit from outsiders in 2012, he said he had been living entirely off the island except for a weekly donation of water and rice cakes paid for by his family. He told reporters at the time: ‘I don’t do what society tells me, but I do follow the rules of the natural world. You can’t beat nature so you just have to obey it completely.’ His health condition forced him to return to city life on the mainland, where the government gave him accommodation and a small amount of money to cover basic necessities. But he struggled to make friends and was treated with ‘contempt and a little bit of fear’ by his neighbours, according to Spanish explorer Alvaro Cerezo, who discovered Masafumi some years earlier but decided to keep his life a secret. The pensioner, who had been used to living completely naked bar a pair of sandals, managed to keep his clothes on in public. But he showed intense frustration at the pollution caused by city living and obsessively went around collecting litter wherever he went. He said: ‘In a quintessential society like that of the Japanese, there was hardly anyone who could either understand his eccentric way of life or his extreme desire to live naked on a desert island.’ His difficulty adapting was worsened by the pandemic, which forced him to spend a large chunk of the past four years in isolation. In a bitter twist of fate, the virus forced him to spend most of his days in a room much smaller than the tiny island where he would not have been at any risk of catching it. Mr Cerezo added: ‘His tiny room became like his desert island where he could isolate himself, as it was the only place where he was able to live with clothes off and feel free like he did for the last 29 years.’ The 87-year-old returned to Sotonabi earlier this month with the help of Mr Cerezo’s company, Docastaway, which offers tourists ‘castaway’ experiences where they spend two to five weeks alone on deserted islands. Footage shows Masafumi throwing his hands in the air and laughing with joy after reaching the shore. He has now returned to the mainland city, but was ‘luckily not sad to leave’, Mr Cerezo told the New York Post. He added: ‘It seemed he was satisfied to have had the opportunity to bid farewell to his island. ‘Perhaps in a few years from now, if he still desires to spend his last days on Sotobarani Island and feels his time is right and he is ready to depart this world, we will be there to help him undoubtedly.’ Masafumi is thought to be the longest-lasting known voluntary castaway in history. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.