Calvin Harris and Vick Hope frolicked together on the beach in Ibiza on Saturday, kissing and embracing as they soaked up the sun together while engagement rumours continue to swirl. The couple, who were first publicly seen together at Chelsea Flower Show just last month, had tongues wagging after Vick showed off a huge diamond ring on her left hand in May. They then both worked Radio 1’s Big Weekend days later as the radio star presented – giving a clear view of her rock – while Calvin was busy during his DJ set as the festival’s headline act. The 38-year-old Scot and Vick, 32, were making the most of each other’s company as she threw her arms around her boyfriend’s neck for a hug in the waves on Saturday, before puckering up. The couple were in beachwear for their outing, with Vick opting to go topless at points in a neon yellow bikini. They also stood side-by-side in the water briefly, as Vick threw her head back to enjoy the sun with her long hair flowing loose behind her shoulders. While on the beach, the former Strictly Come Dancing star donned her triangle bikini top and a pair of ripped denim shorts. At one point, Calvin tenderly leaned over her shoulder to look at a series of selfies she’d snapped of the pair of them together on her phone. They also lay back together on a few beach towels on the sand and snuggled up. Taking a little time out of the sun’s glare too, the pair were spotted sitting outside at a restaurant, deep in conversation. Summer chart-topper Calvin had slipped on a black and yellow floral print shirt, while Vick wore a black and white patterned handkerchief top. During their chat, Vick held her hand up to Calvin’s face while he gently kissed the inside of her wrist in a sweet and relaxed display of affection. The pair reportedly dated in secret for five months before making their debut, following Calvin’s split from model girlfriend Aarika Wolf, 27, in March after four years of dating. A source claimed that Vick and Calvin are ‘smitten with each other’ and already planning their forthcoming nuptials. ‘They could not be happier and are already planning their wedding, which is set to take place in Ibiza, where they grew close during Vick’s secret visits to the White Isle. ‘After keeping their relationship private, they decided to go public at the Chelsea Flower Show on Monday, they want everyone to now know their happy news,’ they told MailOnline. Neither Vick nor Calvin has spoken out on their relationship or to confirm their engagement. Vick previously revealed in 2018 that she actually turned down her now partner after he asked her out back when she was 19. Speaking on her former Capital show, she recalled: ‘He looked how he used to look and I was shallow, I was 19, and I said no and I went off with one of either Scouting for Girls, or The Wombats, I don’t know which. ‘They were there, I thought they were going to be bigger but no, it turns out Calvin Harris was going to turn into an Adonis.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Molly-Mae Hague says sex life with Tommy Fury was ‘non-existent’ during ‘horrendous’ endometriosis battle: ‘It was just not part of our relationship’ MORE : Peter Andre ‘feels every inch of pain’ for Michael Owen after fans slam Love Island’s focus on daughter Gemma 