Rafael Nadal has passed on his support to Emma Raducanu amid her ‘tough year’ and hailed her as a ‘very important character’ for tennis. Raducanu crashed out at the second-round stage on Wednesday following a straight sets defeat to Caroline Garcia. The 19-year-old has struggled for form since her US Open triumph last September, battling a number of injury problems and making a number of changes to her coaching staff which have all contributed to a lack of consistency on the court. Like Raducanu, Nadal won his first Grand Slam at the tender age of 19, going onto become a legend of the sport with 22 major successes to his name. After booking his place in the third-round courtesy of a win over Ricardas Berankis on Thursday evening, Nadal was asked about the young Brit’s elimination after she wore a t-shirt bearing his bull logo during a press conference following her first round win. And while acknowledging she has endured a ‘tough year’, Nadal believes she will make the right decisions and improve as her career progresses. ‘I honestly never had a big interaction with her,’ Nadal told a press conference. ‘But I was very impressed when I saw her winning the US Open. ‘I saw the final. The way that she played was unbelievable.’ He added: ‘Then it’s difficult to manage all this kind of success at a very early stage of your life, no? ‘But I wish her all the very best. I think she’s a very important character for our sport. ‘I know she’s having a tough year, but on the other hand she already won a slam at a very early stage of her career. ‘That gives her I think calm to take her time to keep improving and to keep having chances in the near future. I really hope that she will.’ MORE : ‘I never fear about that day’ – Rafael Nadal admits he came close to retiring just weeks before Wimbledon MORE : Andy Murray follows Emma Raducanu out of Wimbledon after defeat to John Isner on Centre Court For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 