You may think your cat is the best thing in the world, but you, my friend, have never met Spuds. The cat from Newry saved six people from a house fire and is now being recognised for this bravery. Owned by Brendan Curran, the heroic pet is among those nominated in the Most Caring Cat category at the National Cat Awards in the UK, which is run by Cats Protection. Spuds began his journey as stray but was taken in by the Currans. In hindsight, this was a stroke of genius, as years later Spuds would go on to save their lives. His bio reads: ‘Former stray Spuds may have saved the lives of six people – including a newborn baby – when he raised the alarm as deadly smoke engulfed the family home on Christmas Eve. ‘The quick-thinking puss repeatedly leapt on owner Brendan’s chest to wake him after dripping fat from the turkey, which had been cooking overnight, created plumes of smoke.’ Spuds isn’t the only super cat in his category. Alongside him is Archie, who provided comfort to his owner as she went through dialysis, and Misty who helped in the PTSD recovery of her human. Archie’s bio says: ‘For 23 years, kidney patient Maddy has needed life-saving dialysis to remove deadly toxins from her body. Five times a week, she connects to a machine for up to seven hours – all under the close watch of her dialysis buddy, Archie. ‘Archie knows when Maddy needs space to insert needles, before hopping up for a cuddle and to keep her company in the long hours ahead. Misty’s bio is equally inspiring. It reads: ‘Coral was a teenager when a painful condition left her bedridden and unable to walk. But she always had a loyal friend by her side – Misty. ‘When Coral learned to walk again, Misty would appear whenever she heard Coral’s crutches – a friendly face to cheer her on. Six years on, and Coral suffers post-traumatic stress disorder, but Misty is there to calm her.’ The awards ceremony takes place in London’s Savoy Hotel on August 4. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Do dogs get hay fever? Common symptoms and what you can do MORE : French bulldog adopts unwanted puppies after her own didn’t make it MORE : Meet the diva dog who only drinks bottled water