Love Island has reportedly received more than 200 Ofcom complaints from viewers outraged by the age gap between Gemma Owen and David Sanclimenti. The ITV2 dating series returned on June 6 and the first episodes focused on the blossoming romance between Gemma, who is daughter of footballer Michael Owen, and Italian heartthrob David. However, the eight-year age difference between the two has sparked an ongoing debate as many felt Gemma, 19, was too young for David, 27. Ofcom has now released its list of complaints for the past week, showing that Love Island received 167 complaints for its June 7 episode, which featured a kiss between Gemma and Davide. It also earned 93 complaints for its June 12 episode which, again, appeared to be in relation to the controversy surrounding the contestants’ ages. In one episode, the two addressed the potential issue, with Davide saying as they chatted beside the pool: ‘What do you think about the fact that I am much older than you? I mean, you are not bothered by that?’ Gemma replied: ‘No, it’s not an issue for me at all. I feel like if it was I wouldn’t have wanted to get to know you in the first place. ‘And, as I’ve said, I have been speaking to guys and seeing guys that are much older. It’s not something that I’m not used to or that you’re the only one or anything like that, it’s very normal for me.’ When Gemma asked Davide the same question, he explained: ‘For me, it’s not an issue about the age. I actually think sometimes you are more mature than me.’ Viewers have discussed the age gap in their droves, with one commenting during an earlier episode: ‘If Gemma is paired with someone above the age of 25 I’m gonna file a complaint with OFCOM.’ Another joined in: ‘All I know is someone better tell Davide Gemma’s age before he picks her because it might be problematic for him on the outside.’ Davide chose to couple up with Gemma after he walked in as a bombshell on day one, despite her being paired with former contestant Liam Llewellyn. However, the love triangle turned into a square when Luka Bish revealed he fancied Gemma and later chose to couple up with her, leaving Davide to choose Ekin-Su Cülcüloglu who he also had a romantic connection with. However, trouble is in paradise for both couples as Luka fumed in last night’s episode when Gemma accidentally called him by her ex-boyfriend Jacques O‘Neill’s name with him also being in the villa, while Ekin-Su fears the spark has gone between her and Davide and complained he wasn’t making effort to build more of a connection with her. Love Island airs weeknights at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island bombshell Remi Lambert raps about ‘hurting women in sex and drug taking’ in shocking music videos MORE : Love Island episode 8 review: Gemma Owen’s Freudian slip is TV gold and Ekin-su continues to be this series’ saviour 