A London Underground driver sexually assaulted a young woman in the cockpit of a Jubilee line train while he was driving, a court has heard. Nathaniel Cummings-Stewart, 47, allegedly ‘turned the lights off, closed the blinds and locked the door’ before touching the passenger’s thigh, while making sexual comments. Inner London Crown Court heard that the 19-year-old, who cannot be named for legal reasons, had travelled to the capital with her friend for a long weekend, and had been staying at a hotel near Waterloo. After a night out in Wembley Boxpark in August 2020, she rushed to get the last train shortly after midnight. Jurors were told that Cummings-Stewart approached her, asking which stop she was getting off at, and invited her inside the cockpit. Being unfamiliar with the capital, the woman thought the Transport for London (TfL) worker was someone ‘to be trusted’ as he was wearing his uniform. She claimed that he smelled of cannabis, adding: ‘It was strong, it must have been recent [that he’d been smoking].’ Once inside the cockpit, Cummings-Stewart allegedly asked her about her trip, the location of her hotel and told her to remove her Covid-19 mask. After he turned off the lights, he suggested that he would come to her hotel after his shift ended in two hours. Even though she told him that was was only 19, the driver told her he wanted to shower and ‘Netflix and chill’ with her before taking her phone and insisting that she accepts his number. Feeling ‘uncomfortable’, the woman tried texting her friends but there was no signal and the message did not send. Having allegedly reached over to give her a high five, he then started touching her upper thigh while the tube was moving. After arriving at Waterloo station, the woman said she insisted that it was her stop and she left through a side door. Her mum, who she confided in, tearfully told the court: ‘She was sat at the table, I was cooking, I believe, and I knew something was wrong, she’s my daughter. ‘I could see she wanted to tell me something. The way she looked, the way she was looking at me, her whole posture. She brought it up. She said she had something to tell me. ‘My gut feeling was something had happened with a man and she’s going to tell me something that I don’t want to hear. She then tried to explain what happened. ‘From what I can remember she said something had happened on the Tube and she said a man touched her. ‘The first thing I asked her was “were you raped” because that’s my first fear, and she broke down and cried…’ Jurors also heard the recorded call to TfL Customer Services, in which the alleged victim described the driver’s behaviour as ‘inappropriate’. ‘My heart was beating really, really quickly; as soon as I got out of the platform I was jogging, my heart was pounding,’ she said about her reaction to the incident. Cummings-Stewart has denied the allegation and claimed that he approached the woman because she looked like his sister and then invited her to the cockpit as she appeared ‘distressed’. He claimed that she told him she was being followed, which the woman told jurors ‘was not true at all’. He also denied smoking cannabis or consuming any alcohol or drugs whilst driving the train. The trial continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.