Do you dread going to work each day? Does the sound of your morning alarm send shivers through your body? Maybe your mood changes on Monday morning? Well, you could be experiencing work-related anxiety and stress. A recent survey shows almost 70% of employees are stressed at work. The research conducted by customer service provider alldayPA found that over a quarter of respondents (29%) attributed the cause of their stress to feeling overwhelmed with increasing workloads. In comparison, 27% said that juggling a work-life balance was stressful. Accountancy, banking and finance were revealed to be some of the most stressful sectors to work in, with high work-related stress levels most commonly reported in London, where 9% of respondents reported being always stressed, 28% stressed most of the time and 42% some of the time. Work anxiety can occur in the form of performance anxiety, impostor syndrome, urgency, and generalised anxiety. And these feelings aren’t limited to the workplace. You can experience work-related anxiety while working from home too. If you have workplace anxiety, you might experience range symptoms: You should also look out for the following: Burnout can cause our bodies to enter a state of stress, anxiety and depression, causing us to experience decreased motivation and difficulty sleeping. Burnout can also impact our physical health. ‘The belief that our productivity determines our worth is one of the main reasons people say yes to work they don’t have time for, or even take up an extra side hustle,’ says expert psychotherapist Brooke Schwartz. ‘Our society places significant value on hard work and hustle culture, and even deems those who take time to rest and practice self-care “lazy” or “unmotivated”.’ Brooke stresses the importance of time management in order to prioritise personal wellbeing. ‘Consider using a time blocking strategy, which involves breaking up your calendar into chunks of time designated for specific tasks,’ she says. ‘Having time blocks reduces the likelihood of procrastination, which delays work and makes it more likely that you end up working past work hours.’ Brooke also suggests blocking off personal time too: ‘Having scheduled personal time signals to your brain that you are supposed to be off the clock, and it gives you something to look forward to.’ With the rising cost of living, alldayPA also found that 30% of workers have a side hustle alongside their day job. Experts warn this is causing extreme levels of burnout and increased anxiety. ‘People are taking up a side hustle for financial gains, but they should ensure that they manage their time effectively to avoid burnout,’ says business and marketing consultant Fab Giovanetti. ‘It’s important to create work hours for your side hustle when possible so as not to feel like you are “always on”. Set boundaries and separate physical environments,’ they say. ‘Try not to work on your side-hustle in your bedroom or on the couch. You don’t want it to take over other areas of your life.’ Fab, author of Reclaim Your Time Off, also noted a clear divide regarding work-related anxiety, with more women aged between 25 and 34 years old experiencing higher levels of stress due to the pressure they feel to multi-task. Reuben Singh, Founder and CEO of alldayPA suggests that businesses can help employees with work-related stress and anxiety through regular check-ins and flexible work hours. ‘At my company, we have handed the rota management back to the staff, allowing them to work flexible hours to suit them,’ he says. ‘We have increased staff’s pay by up to 14%, with shorter and split shifts to accommodate their lives outside work. ‘Since we have given them autonomy, we have seen an increase in both their level of happiness and their sense of involvement.’ Mike Jones, founder of Better Happy, an employee well-being and engagement consultancy, recommends educating your managers and employees on anxiety. ‘It’s good for employees to know that anxiety is a natural part of being a human,’ he says. ‘A little bit [of anxiety] is OK, but doing it too much can be unhealthy. ‘Managers and leaders should be open about their worries to make it easier for employees to talk about theirs. ‘Encourage employees to talk, give managers basic training to recognise when employees are anxious and facilitate a conversation around it. ‘The key is not to be scared of it or try and avoid anxiety but to accept it and educate around it.’ If things get worse, it is important to seek professional medical help. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Are you struggling with sleep anxiety? Here’s how to tackle it MORE : Is the four-day working week the answer to burnout? How to make it work MORE : Are you on the brink of worry burnout? These are the signs – and what to do