With Casa Amor on the horizon, Love Island fans are getting themselves ready for the inevitable drama set to ensue. The villa’s name may translate to ‘House of Love’, but the annual feature that has become an iconic staple arguably wreacks the most havoc in the entire series. According to reports, Casa Amor will kick off on Monday July 4, less than a week away. A show insider said: ‘Just when the Islanders start to get comfortable in their couples, they are going to get a real shock as they are torn apart. ‘This year’s Casa Amor promises to be the most explosive yet thanks to some seriously fiery characters, who have already shown their heads can be turned,’ the source added to The Sun. They added that the ‘date could change at the last minute’ for even more drama. However, a Love Island spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘This is purely speculation.’ Casa Amor lasts for around three to four days, just long enough for heads to be turned and for the infamous postcard to be sent to the main villa. Contestants are then asked whether they want to stick with their original partner, or couple up with one of the new singletons. Over the years, Casa Amor has blessed us with Ofcom complaint-inducing moments to meme-worthy classics, and we have every faith that this year’s edition will go down in history. ‘Hear me out, what if the boys get the postcard this year instead of the girls at casa amor? The carnage,’ one person tweeted. Although Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu chose to couple up with former flame Davide Sanclimenti, fans are hoping the 27-year-old actress will bring in the drama, but it’s to tell what will happen at the moment as she seems head over heels with the Italian stallion. Elsewhere, Danica Taylor, 21, hasn’t had the easiest journey after being rejected by Luca Bish, Andrew Le Page, Davide and Jay Younger, and if she makes it through tonight’s dramatic recoupling, fans are hoping someone will sweep her off her feet soon. This year, ITV brought a brand new villa for the main Love Island house, so fans are expecting the same for the Casa Amor residence. All will be revealed soon. Love Island airs nightly at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island stars ‘shocked’ as popular contestant booted from villa in dramatic dumping MORE : Love Island spoilers: Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti dance on romantic date after she asks him for another chance 