Katie Price has seen a reprieve regarding her bankruptcy case as the next court hearing has been pushed back to 2023. The My Crazy Life star was declared bankrupt in November 2019 after failing to repay a debt of £3.2million. Price, who was once worth £40m, agreed to a repayment plan with creditors and the court was due to hear an update on her progress. A hearing was originally scheduled for June 7 at the Royal Courts of Justice in London, but this was postponed. A spokesperson for the court has now confirmed to Metro.co.uk that the case will not make it to court again until the morning of February 9, 2023. An insider also told The Sun: ‘The delay will give the courts the chance to see how fully she is now working with the people she owes money to and provide a clearer picture of where she stands in repaying her debts.’ They added that Price’s bankruptcy trustees are keen to hear how much the reality star has been paid for her recent TV work, which includes her Channel 4 series Mucky Mansion, which saw her renovate her sprawling Sussex property after it fell into serious disrepair. She has also starred in two BBC documentaries, Katie Price: Harvey and Me, and What Harvey Did Next, following the relationship she has with her eldest son Harvey, 20, who has complex needs. When Price was declared bankrupt nearly three years ago, it was revealed that she was expected to pay £12,000 in debt off every month for four years to her creditors after taking out an individual voluntary arrangement (IVA) last year, but failed to do so. In February this year, the former glamour  model managed to avoid going to jail over failed repayments after reportedly agreeing to a last-minute deal. The terms allegedly stated that Price would pay a ‘small contribution’ now to reduce her debt, as well as a new payment plan. Price opened up about her financial troubles last year and said that she has been ‘sucked dry in the past’ and ‘mental abused and broken by everyone’. She told OK! Magazine: ‘My bankruptcy is the best thing that’s ever happened to me. Because anyone who has ever been in my life before has tried to take from me, financially mostly. ‘Now they can’t, as I’m in a bankruptcy. I love it.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted the Royal Courts of Justice for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price’s fiance Carl Woods still ‘uninvited’ to her sister Sophie’s wedding to avoid ‘any drama’ MORE : Katie Price surprises Harvey with visit from Barney the Dinosaur for 20th birthday and his reaction is the purest joy 