Holly Willoughby has revealed her son Harry did something ‘we’ve all wanted to do’ by farting in Piers Morgan’s dressing room. The This Morning star revealed the former Good Morning Britain presenter was behind the scenes preparing for some filming in the next room when she decided to pop in and say hello. However, her son, now 13, had other ideas and raced into the room, broke wind and legged it back out again. Absolute genius. ‘He won’t mind me saying this because it was brilliant, and it was brilliant timing. Years and years ago, when he was tiny, he was about two, I was in a dressing room next to Piers Morgan, he was doing a different show at ITV Studios,’ Holly recalled. ‘Harry was with me for the day and I went and knocked on the door to say hello. Harry ran in, farted, and ran out.’ Rather than feeling embarrassed or wanting to apologise for the little prankster, Holly – who has Harry, 13, Belle, 11, and Chester, seven, with husband Dan Baldwin – suggested there was a moment of pride. She laughed: ‘I thought, well, we’ve all wanted to do it haven’t we? He just got there first!’ Her co-host Phillip Schofield couldn’t hold back his giggles either, and he seemed just as delighted as the rest of us by the hilarious moment. Piers remembers the moment well, as he replied to Metro.co.uk on Twitter and insisted: ‘He blamed his mother…’ The plot thickens. Holly’s tale came as part of a segment on Monday’s episode when viewers wrote in with their own embarrassing moments with their children after couple Caroline and Aaron Actar started the show by opening up about their toddler son using the display toilet in B&Q. Revealing their kids had been exploring the shop, the mum-of-three revealed: ‘Next thing we notice him with his shorts down, sat on the toilet. We ran over and it was just too late.’ She added that other shoppers ‘ignored’ the situation, while Aaron tried to clean the toilet. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan still haunting Good Morning Britain a year later as Richard Madeley makes walkout dig MORE : Holly Willoughby reveals exactly what happened on the ‘magical’ bus at Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Pageant: ‘I still can’t quite believe it!’ 