The BBC has apologised after broadcasting an Irish tricolour flag during the Queen’s Jubilee concert at Buckingham Palace. On Saturday, the corporation aired the incorrect flag to represent Northern Ireland during a segment where comedian Doc Brown spoke of being ‘proud to be British’. During the montage, the screen showed the England and Wales football badge, a Scottish flag, and then the tricolour flag. These appeared as Doc referred to Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland by speaking of ‘the red dragon, shamrock and thistle’. Of course, the tricolour flag is actually used to represent the Republic of Ireland which became independent from the UK in 1922. The only official flag in Northern Ireland is the Union Flag of the United Kingdom. Viewers were unimpressed by the error and were quick to call it out online. ‘How can the BBC not know the flag of Northern Ireland,’ fumed one. ‘Sums up the organisation.’ Echoing a similar sentiment, another penned: ‘A pretty huge mistake for the BBC to fob off as a minor incident… given the history between our 2 nations it’s an absolute horrendous insult to Ireland.’ ‘NI is such an after thought they couldn’t be ar*ed to find out what flag to use. That’s embarrassing,’ a third said. The Beeb has since apologised for the blunder, with a spokesperson saying: ‘The incorrect flag appeared in a brief montage during Doc Brown’s appearance last night. We apologise for the error and the sequence will be edited on iPlayer.’ Sadly though, this wasn’t the first time the BBC has apologised for mixing up the two flags. Naga Munchetty was forced to address the error after BBC Breakfast broadcast the wrong flag to represent Northern Ireland during a segment on quarantine rules in 2020. Many audiences were seething by the error and took to Twitter to call out the corporation for the ‘lazy’ blunder. ‘Now just before we go, we’d like to apoligise for a mistake we made earlier in the programme in a graphic sequence explaining travel quarantine rules around the nations of the UK,’ Naga said at the time. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 