Many of the roots of the Pride movement can be traced back 53 years to the Stonewall Riots and the activism that it inspired. The unrest came after June 28, 1969, when American police targeted a gay nightclub – New York City’s Stonewall Inn – as had become a regular occurrence. But this time their behaviour sparked a backlash which sent shockwaves around the world. Considering the raid the final straw, the gay community rose up in defiance – and the events of the next three nights came to be known as the Stonewall Riots. Alongside the demonstrations that followed for days after, the riots would inspire the LGBTQ+ community for years to come and trigger the formation of key parts of the modern Pride movement. Marc Stein, the author of The Stonewall Riots: A Documentary History, tells Metro.co.uk: ‘The 1969 Stonewall Riots, which erupted in response to a police raid on a gay bar in New York City’s Greenwich Village, became an iconic global symbol of resistance to gender and sexual oppression, and especially to police abuse, harassment, and violence directed against LGBTQ people. ‘Often mischaracterized as the starting point of the LGBT movement, it is more accurately described as a turning point, contributing greatly to activist radicalisation, mobilisation, and diversification in and beyond the 1970s.’ The author of another book on Stonewall, Rob Sanders, agrees that it was not the first time the police had harassed the community, the first riot, or the first time LGBTQ+ people had stood up for themselves. But, he says, the response was ‘unique.’ ‘A cross-section of the community took part in the uprising, news spread, others joined in, and the riots continued off and on for several days and nights’, explained Mr Sanders – who wrote Stonewall: A Building. An Uprising. A Revolution. ‘The police had never seen anything like it. Neither had members of our community.’ Black drag queen Marsha Johnson has been seen as one of the ringleaders of the uprising, but though the trans woman’s role was of huge importance, the riots appear to have actually started before she arrived. There is also some suggestion that the importance of the Riots has been overstated but experts agree that the event was a key moment. In terms of organisation, the Riots quickly led to the formation of New York’s Gay Liberation Front (GLF) and the first ‘gay pride’ commemorations of the riots the following year, Mr Stein points out. That, he says, helped inspire the creation of GLF London within months. Mr Stein continued: ‘The new gay, lesbian, bisexual, and trans movements that subsequently emerged, global in scope, forcefully challenged gender, sexual, and intersecting forms of oppression in business, culture, education, law, media, politics, and religion.’ From there, the momentum behind the Pride movement snowballed through to the mainstream, commercialised entity it is today. 1972 saw Britain’s first Pride demonstration, attended by around 700 marchers, and the establishment of Britain’s earliest gay newspaper, Gay News. A first gay rights conference followed a year later, before the party that became the Lib Dems led the way in backing LGBT rights in 1975. In the 1980s, as stigma around AIDS set in, Chris Smith became the first openly gay MP – 10 years after Maureen Colquhoun came out as the first lesbian MP. Sasha Misra, the Stonewall charity’s associate director of communications and campaigns, suggests to Metro.co.uk that much of the modern progress on LGBTQ+ rights can be traced back years. ‘The Stonewall riots and the UK’s first pride march were both a celebration of LGBTQ+ lives but also a protest about the injustices that our communities faced’, she explained. ‘As we mark these landmark moments, we rightfully reflect upon how far LGBTQ+ rights have come over the past five decades – from same-sex marriage to the abolition of Section 28. YouGov polling shows more than seven in ten Brits now support LGBTQ+ people, something that would have been unthinkable even a decade ago.’ It was only in 1988 that Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher brought in the widely-condemned Section 28, which barred local authorities from ‘intentionally promoting homosexuality’. It also stopped school teachers from promoting ‘the acceptability of homosexuality as a pretended family relationship’. It took until 1992 for the World Health Organisation to drop the classification of same-sex attraction as a mental illness. Two years earlier, following decades of stigma, five gay men been had been murdered within months of each other in London by homophobic serial killer Colin Ireland. Also in 1990, Justin Fashanu became the first professional footballer to come out. He faced torrents of abuse and later died by suicide. But there was more progress after the turn of the millennium, and Pride marches were becomingly increasingly well attended. The age of consent was finally lowered to 16 in 2001, making it equal to the restriction on straight people – two years before Section 28 was repealed. That was followed by civil partnerships giving same-sex couples the same rights as married straight couples three years later. It would only be in 2014 that same-sex marriage would come in – the same year that Alan Turing was given a posthumous pardon for his conviction for ‘gross indecency’. The enigma codebreaker had been chemically castrated and subject to conversion therapy, before dying by suicide half a century prior to his pardon. But in 2016, the massacre of 49 people at an LGBTQ+ nightclub in Orlando sent shockwaves around the world. Tributes were paid at Pride events around the world – and in 2019, before the Covid crisis, some 1.5 million people attended Pride in London alone. Yet progress is far from linear – and last year the Government’s long-awaited move to ban conversion therapy was later rowed back on, to exclude trans people. And Stonewall’s Ms Misra argues: ‘We can’t be complacent – we are still being attacked by our media and in our politics, and our hard-won rights are at risk. ‘That’s why this pride season, we need people to do more than wear a pride pin – we need people to actively show their pride and take meaningful action to ensure all LGBTQ+ people until are free to be ourselves.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : London Pride: LGBTQ+ events in the capital this June 