EastEnders has revealed its first ever regular drag queen character Tara Misu, the alter-ego of newcomer Felix Baker (Matthew Morrison). As part of the brand new clan around Mitch (Roger Griffiths), Felix will arrive with brother Finlay (Ashley Byam) and dad Avery (Omar Lye-Fook, MBE). And before long, we will meet his glam persona Tara Misu. Actor Matthew enthused: ‘I am blessed to have the opportunity to step into the heels of the fierce Tara Misu as part of my role on EastEnders. ‘It’s a privilege to represent the LGBTQIA+ community and to showcase the creative art of drag to both viewers at home and the residents of Walford.’ The announcement comes at the end of Pride Month. A new video on the soap’s social media channel shows Matthew meeting RuPaul Drag Race UK’s Vinegar Strokes as they discuss what will make Tara Misu shine as a drag queen. She gives all of her best tips including how to build confidence, how to master her walk and why leaving the house without a nail is a no go! Matthew also chats with Natalie Cassidy, best know as Sonia Fowler, about joining EastEnders. Previously, a show spokesperson said of Felix’s arrival: Larger than life Felix will throw himself into life in Albert Square, but with his quick-wit and frank honesty he’ll be sure to stir up some drama along the way. ‘Despite being the complete opposite of each other, Felix and Finlay present a united front and always have each other’s backs.’ The new Baker characters are the first confirmed castings of new producer Chris Clenshaw as Walford goes through a shake-up. ‘The Baker Family bring a fresh, fierce, fun and exciting energy to the Square,’ he told Metro.co.uk. ‘Felix and Finlay are two very different firecrackers and, yes, these brothers fall out, take the mick and challenge each other, but none of that compares to their unswerving love and loyalty they have for one another. ‘They may be charming young men, full of sass, swagger and strength but these brothers are Bakers and, like their father, Avery, have their own unique way of surviving. Omar, Matthew and Ashley all bring star quality to EastEnders and we’re excited to see them bring Avery, Felix and Finlay to life. ‘The Baker family are the just the start of some new faces landing in Walford later this year – so watch this space…’ Finlay Baker and Tara Misu, along with Avery and Finlay, will make their Walford debut next week. MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Horror collapse, new family, and Phil dies? MORE : EastEnders confirms exit for Tanya Franks as Rainie Highway leaves show