British fish and chip shops will ask Norway for support this week as they continue to face costly energy bills and food prices. The cost of cooking oil, potatoes and fish have all surged alongside heating amid the cost of living crisis following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in February. Speaking ahead of the Frozen At Sea summit in Scandinavia, Andrew Cook of the National Federation of Fish Friers (NFFF) said: ‘Most vessel owners in Norway produce headed and gutted fish that is then sent to be processed elsewhere. ‘I am hoping that I can get them to switch some vessels to produce fillets for my industry, as we need as many as we can get to help keep the price as under control as possible. ‘We’re expecting a tariff on Russian white fish of 35%, which will force the price of all fish upwards. We cannot be so reliant on supplies from one specific region.’ This comes after the NFFF warned around 3,500 of the estimated 10,500 fish and chip shops in the UK could close by the end of this year due to a spike in prices. Ukraine was responsible for 48% of global exports of sunflower seed and safflower oil in 2019, with the second-largest producer being Russia with 24%. After Putin ordered his troops into Ukraine, the price per drum of sunflower oil has risen from around £30 to £44. Mr Crook, who runs the Skippers of Euxton restaurant in Lancashire, added he wants to see the Treasury cut levels of VAT to support the industry. ‘Not every business can be saved but action is needed now to ensure we get through this in the best shape possible,’ he said. The issue had previously been raised in parliament back in March, when North West Leicestershire MP Andrew Bridgen told colleagues ‘the business outlook’ for an ‘award-winning’ fish and chip shop in his constituency has ‘never been more volatile’. He said: ‘Many fish and chip shops are worried about whether they are actually going to survive, so, could we have a statement from the Government about what action the Government is going to take to ensure they protect the future of our fish and chip shops, a great part of British life?’ Mark Spencer, leader of the House of Commons, replied: ‘Takeaways are a huge part of the night-time economy. Those businesses are actually a service they provide to our community and they should be supported. ‘I wish not only his fish and chip shop well, but all fish and chip shops all around the country.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.