Stacey Solomon has been praised for her past comments on the monarchy, which have resurfaced amid the celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. As people line the streets and throw parties to celebrate Queen Elizabeth’s 70 years on the throne, some have pointed towards Stacey’s comments on an episode of Loose Women to sum up how they feel. After other panellists expressed their love for the royals on the 2018 episode, Stacey, 32, said: ‘I just don’t get it. I don’t get any of it.’ ‘I don’t get why we’re so obsessed with these humans that are exactly the same – it could be us four sitting there,’ she continued. ‘I just don’t get it.’ Jane Moore asked: ‘Do you mean, like, as royals, or as like, Kim Kardashian? Because for me, they’re becoming like celebrities.’ ‘To me that’s all they are,’ Stacey added. ‘The Queen, for me, is brilliant,’ Jane, 60, said, with Linda Robson adding: ‘I love the Queen’. ‘But for what?’ Stacey asked, with Jane responding: ‘For duty, for responsibility…’ ‘She’s always worked really hard,’ Linda, 64, said, as Stacey responded: ‘But I would work really hard if the whole country paid for me to have like 12 houses, to work really hard’. ‘They don’t pay for all of the houses,’ Jane said, with Stacey quipping: ‘Just a few?’ Tweets have poured in praising Stacey for the comments, with This Is Going To Hurt author Adam Kay writing: ‘I do love Stacey Solomon. ‘Gorbless her majesty and let her have her big day, but I really don’t understand “She works really hard” as an argument. She doesn’t work harder than, say, a staff nurse… but earns 200 times more.’ He added: ‘And as someone who occasionally gets invited to open/award/attend stuff (admittedly at a much lower level) it’s an honour and you have to get good at smalltalk – but I’d struggle to describe it as hard work. That said, I couldn’t do a job where I had to meet Boris once a week.’ Comedian Fern Brady added: ‘F**king hell. Britain. Thank god for Stacey Solomon.’ Shaparak Khorsandi said: ‘I LOVE @StaceySolomon. Breath of fresh air, sense and good humour. (I sit out of republican chat usually as I wasn’t born here, am not white so get trolled into next week if i do and I haven’t the energy to deal with it).’ One fan joked: ‘The only queen I will be celebrating today is the Queen of the Jungle, Stacey Solomon,’ while another said: ‘Stacey Solomon, queen of the masses.’ Stacey hasn’t addressed the comments – or the Platinum Jubilee – recently The celebrations are set to continue throughout the weekend, with Kirsty Young being praised for her coverage on the BBC after she was forced to step back from presenting due to illness. Fans were delighted to see her back in action as she interviewed stars including Dame Darcey Bussell and Dame Maureen Lipman. On Saturday, the likes of Queen and Diana Ross will take to the stage for the Platinum Party, which will be broadcast on BBC. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stacey Solomon would be ‘devastated’ if Loose Women co-stars got her stripper for hen do: ‘Please don’t!’ MORE : How many children does Stacey Solomon have as she joins Bake Off: The Professionals? 