Welcome back to tarot school, our five-day course on discovering the wonders of tarot. So far, you’ve learned how to read tarot intuitively, how to memorise the cards, and how to make a spread to answer whatever questions you fancy. Today, we’re diving a little more into the answers tarot cards might provide – more specifically, how to read them in relation to people and timescales. So many times, people will want to know who they’re going to meet (for whatever reason, but usually love), and when something is going to happen – so this is an important lesson. Let’s get into it. The most obvious people in the tarot are the Court cards. Kings and Knights are usually denoted as male, and Queens are female. Pages as children, teens or young adults. For career readings, I sometimes think of Pages as students or apprentices, Kings as established leaders and Queens as new leaders, and Knights as contemporaries, rivals, or colleagues. Astrology has major links to tarot, which is super useful when it comes to people and timescales. The minor arcana cards, not just the Court cards, can all represent people and you can describe whom by linking following astrology to the suit. Swords mean air signs, ie Gemini, Libra, and Aquarius. Wands are fire signs (Aries, Leo, Sagittarius). Coins are earth signs (Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn), and Cups are water signs (Pisces, Cancer, Scorpio). The major arcana also links to astrological influences, either via star sign or planet, so you can usually trace those cards back to a star sign too. The below guide to the major arcana will show you the star sign associated with each card as a quick reference guide. You can flesh out~your description of the person in question with the traits, mood, behaviours or strengths associated with the card’s meaning too. This actually proves to be more illuminating and interesting, and it’s a great way to learn your minor arcana – trying to match the card’s meaning with people you know. There are a few ways of seeing timescales and answering ‘when?’ questions with the tarot. Firstly, the major arcana are, as we said, associated with either star signs or planets which can therefore give you indications of times of year they might represent. The below guide to the major arcana will explain this for each card. The minor arcana suits link to astrological elements, as we’ve seen. And each suit is also linked to a season, as well as a certain speed of time passing… so you’ve got options (which I know may not help but there we are… tarot has layers and that’s a double-edged sword). Swords means winter. This suit also represents air signs, so highlights the months of June, October, and February. Swords are also meant to resent months (as a unit of time), so if you drew the Four of Swords you might interpret that as something happening in four months’ time. Wands equals spring. The suit also represents fire signs, which highlights the months April, August and December. Wands are also meant to represent weeks, so if you drew the Four of Wands you might interpret it as something happening in four weeks’ time. Cups are summer. This suit also represents water signs, which highlights the months March, July and November. Cups are also meant to represent days, so if you drew the Four of Cups you might interpret it as something happening in four days’ time. And finally, Coins are autumn, and represent Earth signs, which highlights the month of May, September and January. Coins are also meant to represent years, so if you drew the Four of Coins you might interpret it as something happening in four years’ time. If timescales are really important in your reading then draw a separate card to ask for timings about the theme in question so it doesn’t get muddied up with your other interpretations. Kerry Ward is the creator of The Good Karma Tarot Deck, which you can buy through Amazon. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of June MORE : How to use crystals for a better night’s sleep MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you