Labour has vowed to be the defining party of ‘British values’ and ‘patriotism’. Shadow secretary of state for digital, culture, media and sport, Lucy Powell, said her party represents ‘patriotic principles’ more than the Conservatives. ‘Being patriotic isn’t something that Labour has always looked comfortable with,’ she wrote in today’s Observer. ‘But progressive politics has been at its most successful and transformational when it captures the best of British values, nurtures our world-famous institutions and instils a belief that our best days lie ahead of us, not just in the past. ‘A quick survey across British politics today tells us that it’s not the Conservatives that enshrine these patriotic principles but Labour.’ On Friday, Boris Johnson was met with boos as he arrived at St Paul’s Cathedral for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Service. The prime minister has come under pressure to resign after Sue Gray’s bombshell report into Downing Street lockdown parties was made public. It gave details of gatherings at which officials drank so much they were sick, sang karaoke, became involved in altercations and abused security and cleaning staff at a time when people across the country were unable to see friends and family. Ms Powell said Keir Starmer’s public pledge to resign were he to receive a fine, was a ‘typically British thing to do.’ She wrote: ‘The prime minister has repeatedly shown he is unable to uphold those values, and the reaction of the public at St Paul’s showed they know it too.’ Her comments come as Mr Johnson faces a potentially catastrophic by-election defeat and a vote of no confidence. A survey of voters in Wakefield, who will elect a new MP on June 23, predicts the Tories could lose by as much as 20 points. Reported in The Sunday Times, it puts Labour on 48 points to Mr Johnson’s 28 – a 19 point slip on his winning performance two-and-a-half years ago. Polling expert James Johnson tweeted: ‘The main hesitations about voting Conservative: trust, Boris, and a sense the Tories are out of touch and only care about the rich. ‘All signs are that partygate has crystallised historic concerns about the Tories and turned the people of Wakefield decidedly against them.’ In relation to the scandal, Mr Johnson previously said: ‘I full responsibility for everything that took place on my watch.’ All eyes will be on Sir Graham Brady, chair of the 1922 Committee, as MPs return to Westminster tomorrow. If Brady has received 54 or more letters demanding a vote of confidence in Mr Johnson, a secret ballot will be held. Metro.co.uk have compiled a list of the Tory rebels who have spoken out and called for their leader’s resignation. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.