Brad Pitt has said he’s on the ‘last leg’ of his career, and is ‘designing’ what he wants the final chapter to look like. The Once Upon A Time In Hollywood actor is undoubtedly one of the most iconic movie stars in the world – but he may be planning to bow out sooner than expected. He explained he’s thinking carefully about the final stages of his career. ‘I consider myself on my last leg, this last semester or trimester,’ he told GQ. ‘What is this section gonna be? And how do I wanna design that?’ Brad’s first on-screen role was in 1987, in the TV series Hunk. Since then, he’s starred in films including Fight Club, Ocean’s Eleven, 21 Jump Street, Moneyball, Mr and Mrs Smith, and Se7en. In more recent years, he’s also turned his hand to producing, but still has various acting roles coming up, including in the summer blockbuster Bullet Train. It’s not the first time Brad, 58, has suggested we might see less him in front of the camera going forward. ‘It’ll be fewer and farther in between for me, just because I have other things I want to do now,’ he previously told the New York Times. ‘When you feel like you’ve finally got your arms around something, then it’s time to go get your arms around something else. ‘Producing just means you don’t have to get up really early and put on make-up… ‘The ultimate place for my style of acting, as I understand it, is to get to a place of just absolute truth. I’ve got to be experiencing something that’s real to me for it to read real to you.’ As well as his acting roles, Brad has also been known for his high-profile love-life, having been married to Jennifer Aniston and Angelina Jolie. However, he went on to tell GQ: ‘I always felt very alone in my life, alone growing up as a kid, alone even out here, and it’s really not till recently that I have had a greater embrace of my friends and family. ‘What’s that line, it was either Rilke or Einstein, believe it or not, but it was something about when you can walk with the paradox, when you carry real pain and real joy simultaneously, this is maturity, this is growth.’ The July/ August issue of British GQ is available via digital download and on newsstands on June 28. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt’s daughter Shiloh, 16, has got the moves in LA dance class video MORE : Ruth Langsford squashes Loose Women feud rumours and shares frustration over women being ‘pitted’ against each other 