Boris Johnson planned to build a £150,000 treehouse at Chequers for his son Wilf but plans were rejected over security concerns. Despite the cost of living crisis, the prime minister and his wife Carrie Johnson wanted to build the treehouse in the grounds of Chequers. The treehouse would have included bulletproof glass and could be seen from the road, sparking security concerns from police, The Times reported. Lord Brownlow, a Tory donor, ranked 521st richest person in the UK, was set to fund the treehouse for Wilf. Many of Boris Johnson’s aides warned against the plans because of the price, with the treehouse costing more than some houses across the country. A government source said: ‘He was told it would look terrible.’ It is unclear whether the Chequers Trust, the body which runs the Buckinghamshire estate, would have accepted the plans because of protected trees in the grounds. A government spokesman commented: ‘We do not comment on private or family matters which do not involve any ministerial declarations or taxpayer funds.’ Full details about the treehouse have not yet been revealed, but building work would have been ‘extensive’. But luxury treehouses often include things like rope bridges and zip wires, with some even being listed on sites like AirBnb. Caryn Mitten, Blue Forest’s marketing director, reportedly said play houses start at about £90,000 and go up to ‘whatever you want to pay’. This is not the first time the prime minister has come under fire for spending excessive amounts of money on home decor. At a cost of more than £100,000, the prime minister and wife Carrie did up the four-bed flat above Number 11 Downing Street. It led to the SNP saying he was ‘living it up like a modern day Louis the Sixteenth’, because of the plush gold interior design. But Number 10 hit back and claimed Boris Johnson spent his own money on the refurbished flat despite trying to set up a Trust to fund Number 10 repairs. Brownlow committed £112,000 towards the refurbishment, including over £52,000 which was paid to the Conservative Party and £60,000 to Soane Britain, for refurbishments carried out by Lulu Lytle, the designer. Eventually, the Electoral Commission fined the Tory Party £17,800 for breaching electoral law over how money was recorded. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.