Tube strikes have brought London to a standstill, with stations shut and huge queues forming at bus stops. As air travel chaos left Brits stranded across Europe, Londoners faced major delays getting back to the office following the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday – though many had opted to work from home. The London Underground advised people not to travel, warning of severe disruption across the network from the start of service on Monday to 8am on Tuesday morning. Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) are taking industrial action in an ongoing dispute over jobs and pensions. Transport for London (TfL) said some train services will run but many stations, especially those in central and south London, will be closed, while others may only open for limited periods. This morning the organisation said there was ‘good service’ on the Metropolitan, Overground, Elizabeth, DLR and Tram lines – but the rest of the Underground was operating on a ‘special service’, except for the Waterloo & City and Victoria Lines, which are completely closed. Some 30 stations were said to be shut earlier this morning, including major hubs Charing Cross, Marylebone, Oxford Circus and Waterloo. Commuters said this morning they are ‘fed up’ of Tube strikes preventing them from getting to work regularly. Up to 4,000 station staff are on strike, which has led to difficulties for travellers, including in getting to work and taking their children to school. Tracy Brown, 45, a mother-of-three from Acton, said: ‘Getting three children ready in the mornings for school is hard enough without a Tube strike making things harder. ‘I am fed up of running around to get my children to school on time because some people are so greedy.’ Paul Glennon, 52, a construction worker in central London, added: ‘It is back to reality for all of us. No more parties and parades. ‘I have spent my whole morning getting on and waiting for packed buses in the rain. Bloody nightmare.’ Pictures showed confused commuters greeted with locked gates outside stations and queues forming on the roads and at bus stations amid miserable weather. But there were also major transport problems further afield, with thousands of British tourists stuck overseas after the cancellation of flights home. Passengers booked with easyJet, British Airways, Tui Airways and Wizz Air are among those who have seen their plans to return from half-term or bank holiday breaks left in tatters. It is the latest chaos to hit the aviation industry, which has struggled to cope with the rise in demand for travel amid a severe staffing shortage following the Covid crisis. After cancelling dozens of flights over the weekend, easyJet scrapped a further 26 due to arrive at or depart from Gatwick today. British Airways also slashed more than 100 short-haul flights at Heathrow on Monday, although the airline stressed that passengers affected were given advance notice. It comes after aviation data firm Cirium said that some 225 departures from UK airports were cancelled between Monday and Friday last week. In the same half-term week last year, 24 were cancelled. Travel consultancy The PC Agency estimated that at least 15,000 passengers were affected by ‘last-minute changes’ to flights on Sunday. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps has rejected calls to open the door to more ‘cheap’ overseas workers in a bid to relieve the pressure on the aviation sector. Asked whether he would temporarily allow more foreign workers into the industry to alleviate staffing pressures, told the BBC’s Sunday Morning programme: ‘The answer can’t always be to reach for the lever marked “More immigration”. ‘There is not some pull that is going to relieve this.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Londoners told ‘stay home’ ahead of 24-hour tube strike