‘It’s like I’m so laidback, I just get anxious about all the stuff I’m laidback about,’ one man next to me on a Tube carriage said recently. ‘Yeah, same, like everything then gets left to the last minute,’ his friend agreed. Being laidback has its merits. But when you’re laidback to such a degree it interferes with your life and brings on anxiety later down the line, there might be some work to do. Gail Marra, clinical hypnotherapist and author of Health Wealth & Hypnosis, says: ‘We all secretly envy those people who seem to take life in their stride and aren’t phased by anything. We wonder what it must be like to not have a care in the world. ‘The truth is, even those seemingly relaxed individuals can suffer from anxiety, which conflicts with their natural, easy-going personality. ‘Often, the root cause of this anxiety is the fear of things being out of their control. ‘Because the external personality conflicts with the internal challenges, this means that others often don’t see the struggles – whether it be social anxiety, performance anxiety or simply disorganisation. ‘This can leave the individual feeling isolated, misunderstood, and lonely, if they don’t speak up and ask for support.’ Gail says there is a tendency for this type of person to turn to alcohol or other recreational activities for a release, which won’t tackle the problem itself. Dr Elena Touroni, a consultant psychologist and co-founder of The Chelsea Psychology Clinic, tells us: ‘I would say we can become too laidback when we start to find that this quality interferes with our ability to manage our daily life. ‘For example, we’re so laidback that it starts to impact our performance at work, our relationships, responsibilities at home etc. ‘Life is about balance. Being able to relax and keep a cool head in challenging times is important. But we also don’t want to be so laidback that we underperform and miss out on reaching our potential. ‘Often being laidback like this correlates with an inability to see the long-term consequences of our actions. ‘We might, for example, keep putting something off. Although we may “get away with it” in the short-term, it’s likely to cause us underlying feelings of anxiety and impact our long-term sense of fulfilment and happiness.’ It’s great to not be stressed all the time, and there’s a way to utilise that for the better. The key is to reduce the anxiety whilst maintaining the person’s naturally calm personality – because that’s a great thing on its own. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to deal with work-related anxiety MORE : Is sensory deprivation the key to tackling stress and anxiety? I tried to find out MORE : Are you struggling with sleep anxiety? Here’s how to tackle it