Two brothers have confessed to killing British journalist Dom Phillips and his companion Bruno Pereira in the Amazon, according to reports in Brazil. Veteran reporter Mr Phillips, 57, and Brazilian indigenous expert Mr Pereira, 41, vanished in a remote part of the rainforest last week and are thought to have last been seen on June 5. Two suspects, brothers Amarildo da Costa, known as ‘Pelado’, and Oseney da Costa, or ‘Dos Santos’, are being held by federal police who are treating the disappearance as a murder investigation. Federal police were photographed taking a hooded man they called a suspect out on the river where they are searching for signs of the missing men. According to TV Globo, Brazil’s biggest broadcaster, the two suspects have admitted killing and dismembering Mr Phillips and Mr Pereira. Local broadcaster Band News, citing federal police sources, said they ambushed the two men on the river and killed them, before dismembering the bodies, setting them on fire and throwing them in a ditch. Police have not commented on the reported confessions. The reports suggest a grim conclusion to a case that has raised global alarm, with pressure mounting on President Jair Bolsonaro and concern growing in Parliament on Wednesday. Mr Phillips, a freelance reporter who has written for the Guardian and the Washington Post, was doing research for a book on the trip with Mr Pereira, a former head of isolated and recently contacted tribes at federal indigenous affairs agency Funai. They were in a remote jungle area near the border with Colombia and Peru called the Javari Valley, which is home to the world’s largest number of uncontacted indigenous people. The region has been invaded by illegal fishermen, hunters, loggers, and miners, and police call it a key route for drug trafficking. News of the men’s disappearance echoed globally, with human rights organisations, environmentalists and press freedom advocates urging Bolsonaro to step up the search. Bolsonaro, who once faced tough questioning from Phillips at a news conference over weakening environmental law enforcement, said last week that the two men ‘were on an adventure that is not recommended’. On Wednesday, he suggested Phillips had made enemies by writing about environmental issues, saying: ‘This English guy was not well liked in the region.’ He added: ‘He should have paid more attention to himself, and he decided to go on an excursion. There are pirates in the river there, there’s everything you could possibly imagine. ‘It’s very reckless to be in that region without being properly physically prepared, which it seems they were not.’ Boris Johnson told MPs on Wednesday he was deeply concerned about the disappearance of Mr Phillips and said his government was working with Brazilian authorities investigating the case. He said: ‘What we’ve told the Brazilians is that we stand ready to provide all the support that they may need.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.