Dame Deborah James has raised £1million for cancer research through sales of her clothing line with In The Style. The 40-year-old podcaster, known as Bowel Babe online, shared a photo of her with the fashion company’s founder Adam Frisby and his partner Jamie Corbett, alongside a giant cheque. She wrote on Instagram: ‘WOW!! ONE MILLION POUNDS. I am honestly so overwhelmed we, through @inthestyle raised over £1,000,000 for @bowelbabefund for @cr_uk! ‘All from sales of the ITS x Dame Deborah James collection and ‘Rebellious Hope’ T-shirts that I designed with @inthestyle. (One million, that’s just crazy).’ She added: ‘I got a lovely little visit yesterday from the @inthestyle founder @fr15by and his partner @thejamiecorbett who brought this lovely cheque and we have had a little toast to celebrate it.’ Musing on their initial goal of £50,000, she continued: ‘I just can’t believe it! What’s funny is when @inthestyle released the first t-shirt we both said how incredible £50k raised would be so for me to still be here and see it’s over £1mil is just so incredible!’ ‘Rebellious Hope is what has got me through the last few years and it’s what is keeping me going now! Seeing all your messages, tags and support has just been the best and I am so grateful that we have been able to do this together! Thank you all.’ Her ‘rebellious hope’ T-shirt was the first part of the clothing collection made available, released in May in a variety of colours. The T-shirts retail from £15 to £18, with 100% of the proceeds – a minimum of £7.08 per top bought – going to her fund. The rest of the collection will include floral dresses that were worn during Prince William’s visit to her house to award her with her DBE in person, Dame Deborah has teased. The £1million from this fundraising effort is in addition to her Just Giving fundraiser for the Bowelbabe Fund, which she announced after revealing that she was no longer able to receive active treatment following her five-year battle with bowel cancer, It has surpassed a whopping £6.5million from an initial target of £250,000. Dame Deborah has been keeping fans up to date with her activities while receiving end-of-life care, which have included a secret visit to the Chelsea Flower Show to see the rose named after her and a trip to the opera. She also made it out to Royal Ascot on Wednesday, after previously voicing her surprise at still being alive. She told ITV’s Lorriane Kelly that she was taking life ‘day by day’ in a pre-recorded interview. The fundraising extraordinaire has also lived to see her final TV appearance on Embarrassing Bodies, where she encouraged people to ‘smash taboos’ by talking about their poo while she was still being treated in hospital. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Deborah James devastated she won’t get to see her son be a dad as she reflects on final Father’s Day MORE : Dame Deborah James still can’t get over seeing herself in the news: ‘It’s bonkers and surreal’ 