Obi-Wan Kenobi star Ewan McGregor has made a rare comment on the breakdown of his marriage to Eve Mavrakis and the effect it had on their family. The star, 51, split with wife of 22 years Eve, 56, in January 2017, with the pair sharing four children, Clara, 26, Jamyan, 20, Esther, 19, and 10-year-old Anouk. Ewan then embarked on a relationship with his Fargo co-star Mary Elizabeth Winstead, 37. The pair recently married, and share 10-month-old son Laurie. Ewan and Mary first met on the set of their TV series Fargo in 2016, before the actress split from husband Riley Stearns in May 2017 after seven years of marriage. Doctor Sleep star Ewan then separated from wife Eve in January 2017 and filed for divorce. He filed a request to be declared legally single before going on to finalise the divorce in the summer of 2020. Ewan has managed to keep his private life relatively, well, private, however, in a new interview he’s opened up on the effect his marriage breakdown had on his kids’ lives, after Clara previously voiced her unhappiness at the split and slammed Mary Elizabeth as a ‘piece of trash’ on social media. Appearing on the first of four British GQ covers dedicated to GQ Heroes, out today, Ewan revealed: ‘A divorce in a family is a bomb going off in everyone’s life – my children’s lives. ‘The sort of healing of that is ongoing.’ In an interview in The Times, Clara later admitted she was ‘angry and upset’ at the situation and her comments on her dad’s new partner at the time weren’t the best thing to say in public. During his latest interview, Ewan also opened up for the first time about his upcoming film with Clara, You Sing Loud, I Sing Louder, which she developed with a screenwriter, based on their relationship. Talking about the concept, which centres on a road trip in which a father is driving his daughter to rehab, Ewan said he was at first nervous to read the script, after Clara informed him it was about them. He said: ‘She tells me that she’d come up with an idea about writing about us. At first I was a bit nervous. I didn’t know what that meant. ‘I got the script while I was making Halston. I sat down to read it and I was blown away. It was a beautiful story about us. ‘There’s things that aren’t accurate, or are bent, but they still reflect our estrangement for a while.’ The July/August issue of British GQ is available via digital download and on newsstands today. MORE : Ewan McGregor floored by ‘eye-opening’ homoerotic fan art with Hayden Christensen from Obi-wan Kenobi fans: ‘F**king hell!’ MORE : Ewan McGregor insists daughter wasn’t cast in Obi-Wan Kenobi because of him: ‘She auditioned for the role’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.