Following in her parents footsteps, Harper Beckham is fast becoming a fashion icon. Despite being just 10 years old, she’s carving out her own style and stealing the show on runway front rows and family days out alike. The youngest Beckham is currently on holiday in Venice with dad David, who’s been posting snaps online of the pair enjoying the sun. Along with a cone of gelato, Harper Seven showed off another of her Italian purchases – and it’s going to be a big hit with mini fashionistas this summer. In a video on David Beckham’s Instagram, she’s sporting a straw sun hat with bunny ears. It’s not just a cute sun shade, though. When the camera pans round to Harper, she pulls the toggles on the hat to make the ears wiggle. The adorable headwear piece has already proven popular, with one commenter tagging a friend, saying ‘Her hat!!’ Another wrote: ‘Harper is [my children’s] style icon – they would both absolutely LOVE her hat.’ If you want to get your hands on it, you won’t have to trek to Venice. You’ll also be happy to know that the hat doesn’t come with a Premier League price tag. In fact, the same style is available on Amazon for just £12.12 (with postage costing an additional £2.99.) There are three colourways to choose from, including the beige shade Harper wore and khaki and pink options that are both priced the same. It has ‘bounceable’ ears powered by an airbag duct, which can be activated by pulling on the toggles at the same time. On the practical side, it’s made of a breathable woven material to keep your little one cool in the heat – something that’ll definitely be necessary if temperatures continue to soar. For easy travelling, simply fold up the hat into a compact cone shape, taking it wherever you may need to shade them from the sun. These are suitable for a head circumference of up to 53cm, so measure your child’s head before purchasing to avoid disappointment. Then, get ready to watch them live their bunny rabbit dreams all summer long. Buy for £12.12 at Amazon. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Easy summer recipes to jazz up boring lunches MORE : Aldi becomes first supermarket to launch its own dog ice cream – just in time for the heatwave