Prince William and his wife Kate met survivors of the Grenfell Tower fire and those who lost loved ones on the fifth anniversary of the tragedy today. A private meeting took place between the royal couple and those directly affected by the disaster, Kensington Palace said. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are also attending a multi-faith service at the base of the tower, organised by the campaign group Grenfell United. Cording has been removed to allow survivors, the bereaved and members of the community to gather at the tower for a seated service that will include prayers, readings and choir performances. The service is being live-streamed on screens positioned in the surrounding area so the wider community and public can watch. Later, Kate laid down a wreath with white flowers as William looked on just behind her, before both bowed their heads and stood for a moment of quiet reflection. One local resident said their attendance was ‘huge’ for the community and showed they ‘shared that feeling’ of mourning on the fifth anniversary. Mum-of-five Muna Hussain said her children went to the same school as five of those who died in the fire and her household was evacuated in the days following. Ms Hussain, 50, added: ‘I was happy. I was glad to see at least they know how we are feeling as a community and they shared that feeling. ‘It makes me very happy. It’s massive, it’s huge for us. It makes you feel better.’ Leading the silence, actor Tim Downie said they were gathering to remember the 72 ‘beautiful souls’ who perished five years ago – ‘all they were and all they could have been’. He said: ‘At today’s service we honour the 72 innocent men, women and children, mothers, fathers, sons, and daughters, sisters, brothers, cousins, aunts, uncles, nephews, nieces and friends who needlessly lost their lives. ‘We must never forget them and carry them with us forever in our hearts.’ Hundreds of people connected to Grenfell Tower heard a reading from the Quran at the memorial. Christian prayers were also read by Reverend Gerard Skinner from the Roman Catholic Parish of Notting Hill. Following the readings, the local Soul Sanctuary Choir began a rendition of Amazing Grace. Prince William previously accompanied the Queen to meet those affected by the fire in the days after the tragedy in June 2017, including local residents, and emergency responders. The duke and duchess most recently met Grenfell survivors during a visit to mark the launch of the National Emergencies Trust, of which the duke is patron, in November 2019. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.