Luca Bish was ready to declare love for Gemma Owen in Tuesday’s episode of Love Island after she performed a sexy lap dance as part of a challenge. The guys and girls of the villa were tasked with giving each other lap dances to see who could raise heart rates the most, and it’s safe to say they all gave it everything they had. While every contestant appeared to be hot and bothered by the task, Gemma’s dance for Luca appeared to be enough to have him declaring love for her. Gemma danced for all the boys in a saucy black leotard with a tiny miniskirt, giving special attention to Luca, who she is coupled up with. Following her star turn in front of the fire pit Gemma admitted: ‘If Luca’s heart rate wasn’t raised the most by me I’ll be fuming. As much as it is a game, I’ll be fuming.’ She needn’t have worried however, as a flustered Luca told the cameras afterwards: ‘Listen, you know when there’s moments when they say that’s when you realised that you love someone… ‘I thought it… I could have just had that! F**king hell.’ Thankfully for Gemma, it was later revealed that she had indeed raised Luca’s heart rate the most out of all of the girls. While the lads in the villa might have enjoyed the view, Gemma’s dad, footballer Michael Owen wasn’t quite so keen, sharing an emoji covering its face on Twitter. When it was time to reciprocate, Luca made the most of the chance to kiss and get on top of Gemma. He admitted: ‘That was my chance to get a bit of action with Gemma because I have had as much action as my toasty maker at home.’ It was bad news for Luca, however, as Gemma’s heat rate was peaked by her ex, Jacques O’Neill, whose own heart rate had also peaked for her. Love Island airs weekdays from 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island spoilers: Danica Taylor makes a play for Andrew Le Page after pep talk from Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu MORE : Love Island is nothing without loveable ‘villain’ Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu, we owe her the series 