James Nesbitt has revealed he got a stick and poke tattoo during a wild stag do. The Cold Feet actor appeared on This Morning with Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby, with the trio admitting that they almost got tattoos together after the National Television Awards, with a ‘sensible tattooist’ stopping them in their tracks. However, it turns out James, 57, was quite keen for an inking. ‘I finally got one, you know,’ he told them, with Holly and Phil left stunned. ‘I went to Alex Ferguson’s grandson’s stag because I’m a good friend of his son. So it was me, Jake’s father, and 25-year-old boys and I was the only person who got a stick and poke tattoo of MUFC [Manchester United Football Club]. ‘I did. It’s faded now, it looks like MULC, like Manchester United Lacrosse Club. But yeah I got it!’ Stick and poke tattoos are done without electric tattoo equipment and can run a higher risk of infection if done by someone who lacks proper training. The actor is best known for shows including Cold Feet and Bloodlands. Last year it was revealed that Bloodlands will be returning for a second series, with fans thrilled. Viewers were left stunned and in suspense at the conclusion, but the BBC announced that more is on the way, adding that Bloodlands was the channel’s biggest new drama launch since June 2020 with 8.2million viewers. Star James, who is reprising his role in series two, said: ‘I’m thrilled that viewers responded to Bloodlands so positively and that we will be returning for a second series. ‘I’m always happy to be back in Northern Ireland and to reveal even more about Tom Brannick.’ Executive producer Jed Mercurio, the creator of Line of Duty, added: ‘It’s a tribute to the quality of Chris Brandon’s writing, the hard work of our crew and the brilliant performance of our cast led by James Nesbitt. ‘We’re grateful for the outstanding support we’ve received from the BBC and Northern Ireland Screen and can’t wait to reward Bloodlands fans with another twisty case for Brannick and co.’ This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Clarkson defends James Nesbitt over petrol filming drama amid fuel crisis MORE : James Nesbitt TV drama takes over fully-stocked petrol station leaving motorists fuming as they’re turned away amid fuel crisis 