Neptune goes into reverse from today, meaning many of us could be affected by this planetary shift. Whether that means you’ll be striving to push against taking the easy route, Gemini, that you end up with a clearer perspective on something that’s been vague to you, Cancer, or even that you end up surprised by a few eye-openers, Virgo. Let our horoscopes give you some guidance this Tuesday. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for June 28, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 Be prepared for an opportunity that could come and go in a flash. The Sun’s positive tie to upbeat Jupiter, hints at the chance to make big changes on the home front. If it shows up and feels right, then go for it. Mighty Neptune rewinds from today, which can alert you to any blind spots and illusions. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Ready to take a small risk on a personal goal? It’s very likely, with a restless solar tie spurring you onwards and upwards. With expansive Jupiter in the mix, the call to embrace change might have been ringing out for some while, and every step you take can renew you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 As dreamy Neptune goes into reverse in a prominent zone, the coming months encourage you not to take the path of least resistance. This is the time to push against those tendencies that encourage you to play small. The key is to set goals and work towards them. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Ethereal Neptune turns retrograde from today for some months in your sector of adventure and new opportunities. Its rewind phase can be like a parting of the clouds. If your feelings about your future have been misty and vague, you may soon see things from a clearer perspective. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 As the Sun triggers generous Jupiter, you may be reminded of your mission to accomplish something remarkable. Is something holding you back? It could be that you haven’t committed to go down this route. You can plod along, and you’ll likely do fine, but your heart wants something more. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Have difficulty understanding someone’s motives? As hazy Neptune turns retrograde from today, the coming weeks can bring a few eye-openers. Wondering if a relationship is good for you or not? You may soon be about to find out. Now is the time to act! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 A powerful intuition may give you answers that have evaded you. Do something about them, and it can be like flipping a switch as things shift to the positive. You’ll realise how tied you are to situations. This could help you extricate yourself from anything that no longer works. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Poetic Neptune goes into reverse from today for some months in your sector of leisure and pleasure. During this phase, you may get a better sense of direction concerning entrepreneurial ideas, your creative skills and perhaps a developing romance. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Ready to reshuffle your priorities? Links to jovial Jupiter can inspire you to rethink your day, and let go of what doesn’t work. Perhaps you want to get creative or you’re looking for better health? If you have an inkling to move forward, then cutting out the dead wood could help. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 While today could be distracting, you’ll discover something that might be a bonus. You may be led on a trail to new opportunities, information or an understanding that enlivens your potential. Plus, Neptune will turn retrograde for some months, which can assist your thinking around issues. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 From today, imaginative Neptune turns retrograde in your money zone. Ideas may bubble up about how you might save and earn more money. While this won’t happen overnight, the coming months could see a turnaround if you’re disciplined and stick with your new habits. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Your ruling planet Neptune enters its rewind phase for some months. And as it’s in your sign, you may sense this more acutely than most. Felt confused about yourself, or find it difficult to differentiate your energy from that of others? If so, it now becomes important to set firmer boundaries. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for June 26 to July 2 and Neptune going retrograde MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you