Khloe Kardashian’s sisters had a few choice words for Tristan Thompson after his paternity scandal was brought to light. With their on-off relationship since 2016 plagued by rumours of his alleged cheating, the basketball player, admitted to fathering a child with personal trainer Maralee Nichols after a ‘months-long’ sexual relationship in January 2022. He issued a grovelling apology on social media at the time, with Khloe learning about his infidelity on camera as part of new show The Kardashians after sister Kim read the story online – which Khloe labelled ‘the most offensive part’. During the latest episode of the hit reality series, fans witnessed Kim, Kourtney and Kylie Jenner’s reaction to the news during a three-way call. ‘He went home from the 30th birthday party, went to Houston to play on the road, we can check his schedule, and then slept with this girl.,’ said Kim. While Kim was reading through the article, Kourtney hailed the situation as a ‘never-ending betrayal.’ ‘I was so team him. F*** him,’ Kim seethed. Kylie, 24, asks if Khloe is awake yet and Kim says she isn’t, adding, ‘What’s so f***ing crazy is he wrote a whole declaration, let me read this to you.’ As the Skim creator looked for his statement, Kylie asked: ‘Is Tristan like the worst person on the planet?’ Maralee welcomed her son earlier in December 2021, who is said to be Tristan’s third child. He also shares son Prince, five, with ex Jordan Craig and daughter True, four, with ex Khloe. Despite the infidelity, Khloe recently insisted that there was ‘no drama’ between the pair of them and she didn’t ‘want anyone to hate anyone’. ‘It’s sad because there’s so many good sides to him as well,’ she said. ‘But nobody gets to see those because they’re overshadowed by the personal stuff that’s gone on between him and I.’ ‘People do make mistakes and he’s still a good person – he’s not a good partner with me – and I want everyone to still have, like, a fair shot at just being happy and having a good life,’ she told host Amanda Hirsch on the Not Skinny But Not Fat podcast. The Kardashians airs Thursdays on Disney Plus. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kanye West ‘taking year off’ claims friend after Kim Kardashian and Chaney Jones break-ups: ‘He’s battling his own s**t’ MORE : Pete Davidson holds hands with Kim Kardashian’s son Saint despite Kanye West’s comments about not meeting kids 