The EP500Pro solar generator will help you weather your next blackout, fulfilling your energy needs without breaking a sweat. If you’ve ever endured a sudden power outage at home, you know exactly how difficult it can be to get ahead of. From keeping frozen food from thawing to submitting work on deadline, every household needs a backup energy system to handle the many little disasters that can arise. The EP500Pro is one of the latest gadgets on the market developed to keep you running should you suddenly find yourself off grid. Equipped with a long-lasting 5100Wh LiFePO4 battery and a monstrous 3000Watt pure sine wave AC inverter, it’s an incredible powerhouse that can run up to 99% of your electrical appliances during emergencies. The built-in Uninterrupted Power Supply system means this clever device can be integrated into your main grid to take over your fridge, microwave oven, washing machine and other household appliances in the event of an outage. As it jumps into action in just 20 milliseconds, you’ll barely notice the difference. With no professional installation needed, it’s simple to use and gives you peace of mind if you find yourself in a bind. And the best part? It can run solely on solar power, making it a real rockstar of renewable energy. So, how does it work? To fill up the battery on your home energy storage system for later use, the EP500Pro is equipped with a matchless MPPT solar inverter. The up-to-2400W solar input can recharge the giant 5.1kWh battery pack from 0 to 80% in as little as 2 hours in prime sunshine. All you need is to hook up a solar panel – like the 350W Monocrystalline Foldable Solar Panel by BLUETTI – and you’re good to go. You’ll be able to harness solar power anywhere you want at speed. Replacing your antique gasoline generator with one that instead harnesses solar power can decrease your carbon footprint by not only reducing the emission of toxic fumes, but also your consumption of non-renewable resources. It also makes a lot less intolerable noise, which will help keep the neighbours happy. If you’re in a hurry, you can recharge your battery at lightning speed through charging by AC and Solar simultaneously. Handling up to a 4000W input rate, plug the EP500Pro into the mains and a solar panel to supercharge the battery from 0 to 80% in just one hour. What can I do with that amount of battery power? This particular piece of kit is referred to as a beast for good reason. At 3,000 watts and 5,100 watt-hour, it’s clear to see why. But what does that translate to in real terms? If you find yourself in a blackout, you’ll be able to recharge your phone 300 times, charge 80 laptops, run a household fridge for 40 hours and even keep your garage heater running for three hours.* What sets the EP500Pro apart from the rest? Compared to many of its competitors, this home energy storage system is much smaller and therefore far more nimble. Weighing just over 80kg and similar in size to your average carry-on suitcase, this versatile bit of energy storage can be used anywhere despite its large energy storage capacity. The four smooth-rolling wheels also means you can take it with you on long-distance road trips. It allows you to enjoy all the tech comforts of home when you and the family are on the move. Another useful feature is that you can monitor and operate the EP500Pro remotely with your phone. Even from thousands of miles away, you can take control of the device’s dual-core power system to keep tabs on its charging status and adjust its settings from almost anywhere. Gone are the days of having to approach your device to decipher its remaining battery or inverter, just check the BLUETTI App – available on both iOS and Google Play. Lastly, every EP500Pro device comes with an industry-leading, hassle-free warranty of five years as standard, which means you can be sure that your power backup product is built to last. Ensuring you get set up as soon as possible, every delivery will take no more than seven working days to arrive. To celebrate the device’s launch here in the UK, BLUETTI are providing their first 100 customers with an early bird saving of £1,200, starting at only £4,499. The later 200 customers will then get a £700 saving, starting at £4,999. But move quickly, as the debut sale runs for one week only. Gain power independence with the ultimate mobile solar battery at BluettiPower.co.uk *Calculation results for reference only. Actual results may vary between different loads. Based on 15Wh Cell Phone, 60Wh Laptop and 1,500W Garage heater.