Jamal Edwards died from a heart attack after taking drugs following a night DJing, his mother Brenda Edwards has confirmed. The Loose Women star, who held her son as he died in February aged 31, admitted she is still in a state of shock since discovering his cause of death and warned of the dangers of ‘extremely unpredictable’ substances in a statement shared on Instagram. ‘Since I last spoke, I have sadly learned that the cause of Jamal’s devastating passing was due to cardiac arrythmia caused by having taken recreational drugs and I wanted to address this myself to everyone who loved, admired and respected my son,’ she penned. Brenda said she is still trying to process her son’s death. ‘Jamal had the world at his fingertips – a zest for life and he was unwittingly taken away far too soon,’ she continued. ‘Yet we have to come to terms with what happened, and Jamal is proof that this can happen to anyone. ‘These types of substances are extremely unpredictable, and we can only hope that this will encourage others to think wisely when faced with similar situations in the future. His passing has shown that any one bad decision on any one occasion can lead to devastating consequences.’ Brenda added: ‘It’s so important that we help drive more conversation about the unpredictability of recreational drugs and the impact that they can have. ‘How it takes just one bad reaction to destroy lives. I would do anything to have my son back but that is just not possible so if I can help save one life, then we will have achieved something.’ Brenda concluded her post by sharing that she had recently launched the Jamal Edwards Self Belief Trust. ‘The Trust is in place to help provide a sense of community for young people, offering a safe space of their own to help develop their skills and explore who they are,’ she said. ‘Through that we will continue to preserve Jamal’s incredible legacy by continuing the positive change he had on the lives of so many.’ Last month, Brenda said she still talks to her son every day as she spoke of how comforting she has found the support she has received from his friends and people he helped. ‘He was this lovely, happy person that always wanted to connect this one to this one, without even thinking about himself most of the time… it was just about helping others,’ she told Good Morning Britain presenters Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley. ‘I talk to him every morning and every night,’ Brenda continued. ‘I say “Hello, good morning, baby, good night, baby.” I just talk about anything. I do get a lot of strength in that and he inspired me a lot. ‘Both of my children are very inspiring and I would always talk to them about the things I am doing with work, with Loose (Women) or anything that I’m doing – he was always a champion. ‘He was the one that started up my social media, because he said I wasn’t doing enough…’ Edwards found fame after setting up the music platform SBTV in 2006. He was credited with helping to launch a string of UK music acts to stardom, including Ed Sheeran, Dave and Jessie J. The young entrepreneur was also an ambassador for the Prince’s Trust, a charity headed up by the Prince of Wales, and in 2014 was awarded an MBE for his services to music. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 