Things are about to get tense in Monday’s episode of Love Island as Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu addresses the obvious tension between her and Amber Beckford. It’s been a rollercoaster of emotions for ‘Dear’ Ekin-Su following her explosive showdown with Davide Sanclimenti, and it looks like she’ll be involved in another fiery chat with a fellow islander. After attentive fans noticed several eye rolls and shady comments, many questioned the ‘secret beef’ between Ekin-Su, 27, and Amber, 24. Tonight’s spoilers reveal that it all kicks off when Jay Younger and Ekin-Su discuss her bond with the other girls in the villa, and Jay tells her: ‘I won’t lie, I am sensing a bit of friction between you and Amber, I can just sense it.’ With Jay’s words playing on her mind, Ekin-Su pulls Amber for a chat and attempts to clear the air. ‘I was sitting there and he [Jay] was like, I think Amber and Paige don’t like you,’ she says. Amber later hits back saying that while she’s noticed a ‘vulnerable’ and ‘genuine’ side to her, she’s recently questioning whether Ekin-Su is ‘playing a game.’ Clearly unimpressed by the remark, the actress replied: ‘What’s your actual issue with me? All you’re saying doesn’t make sense.’ Amber replies: ‘You’re playing a bit of a game, enjoying the drama.’ This is going to be interesting! Elsewhere in tonight’s episode, Dami Hope – who revealed he feels a spark with Indiya Polack – pulls her for a chat to assess whether the feeling is mutual. ‘Do you feel like we have a connection?’ he asks. ‘I think you know and everybody else knows that if there was somebody else that I would get to know, it would’ve been you but we just never went down that path,’ Indiyah adds Dami tells her: ‘I am actually open to exploring you because I feel like I don’t want to just coast in here and I feel like with you it’s just easy for me.’ After Indiyah revealed that she felt something was missing between her and Ikenna Ekwonna, could we be seeing a new couple on the horizon? Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Laura Whitmore hits back after Love Island viewers accuse her of ‘humiliating’ Remi Lambert with rap: ‘He deserved to have his time’ MORE : Love Island stars ‘kept up all night by sex noises’ as they ‘complain’ to producers 