Neighbours acting anti-socially could be referred to a stalking clinic to give police more power to interfere. Can Arslan, 52, attacked and stabbed 43-year-old Matthew Boorman 27 times on October 5 last year. Arslan was jailed yesterday for at least 38 years – for murdering the dad-of-three, stabbing his wife and attempting to murder another neighbour Peter Marsden. Just the week before all this violence Arslan had been charged with harassment for making threats, some of which involved rape. Arslan had been made the subject of an injunction and authorities had started the process of evicting him from his home in Walton Cardiff, near Tewkesbury, Gloucestershire. But they were too late and the Boormans have now lost a ‘loving husband and devoted dad’. The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) has launched an investigation into how the police handled Arslan’s neighbours’ long-running concerns, after victims’ families asked how the situation was able to escalate to this tragedy despite all these warning signs. The force has ‘already taken action to improve’, assistant chief constable Craig Holden told Bristol Crown Court yesterday. He said: ‘One area where we believe we could have adopted a different approach is in viewing Arslan’s behaviour and actions as stalking. ‘If Arslan’s escalating actions had been considered in such a way, it is possible he would have been referred to the stalking clinic we have in place in the county, in which offenders’ actions are discussed and the risk a person poses can be assessed.’ Complaints about Arslan were directed to neighbourhood policing teams – where stalking is not ‘traditionally a focus’. But stalking clinics have the power to issue proactive and preventative orders which PC Holden believes may have made a difference to Arslan’s recent attacks. Officers have now started getting specialist training so they know when to class something as stalking. He added: ‘These steps are intended to ensure that the possibility of stalking offences is fully considered in all cases, not just in relation to those it is traditionally associated with, such as domestic abuse and individuals fixated with others where the motivation is romantic or sexual. ‘The Constabulary will act on any findings from the reviews that are taking place to ensure we are doing everything possible to keep people safe from harm.’ During the trial, terrifying footage was released showing Arslan leaving Mr Boorman’s home, while holding a knife in his bloody hand, and heading to his next victim Mr Marsden. Heroic off-duty police officer Stephen Wilkinson brandished a large piece of wood as he tried to stop Arslan, who was eventually locked out of Mr Marsden’s home. Arslan was also filmed on a police officer’s body camera where he was seen laughing and telling others: ‘You’re next.’ Police officer Josh Norris said: ‘Arslan continues to not show a single shred of remorse for his barbaric actions and he deserves to spend a significant amount of time behind bars. ‘What happened in October last year was truly horrific, and was witnessed by several people within the community who continue to recover from what unfolded. ‘Numerous people intervened, and without their bravery other lives would likely have been taken that evening. I hope that knowing the person who committed such a savagely cruel act will be in prison for a very long time will bring some sense of comfort to all those impacted.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.