Warning: spoilers ahead for The Umbrella Academy season 3. The release date for The Umbrella Academy season 3 has finally arrived, with all 10 episodes dropping on Netflix in one big time-bending treat. Not only will the new season reveal what happened when the Hargreeves siblings clashed with the newly-introduced Sparrow Academy in this new alternate reality, but it will also introduce viewers around the world to Viktor (Elliot Page). In December 2020, Juno and Inception star Elliot came out as transgender, writing in a statement: ‘I feel lucky to be writing this. To be here. To have arrived at this place in my life.’ It was later revealed Elliot would be introduced as Viktor in the new instalments of The Umbrella Academy, having previously played Vanya on the show. It has now been revealed to viewers how Viktor will make his debut, with the character being named for the first time in the second episode of season three. In episode two, Vanya (as he is still known at this point) picks up a book at Hotel Obsidian, which details the Hargreeves’ siblings exploits in the 1960s – including the fact that they became known as The Kennedy Six and were (falsely) associated with the assassination of President John F Kennedy. Vanya also read about what happened to love interest Sissy (Marin Ireland), who died in 1989 under a false name, a couple of decades after they bid farewell to one another. A voiceover of Sissy states: ‘You don’t even notice the box that you’re in until someone comes along and lets you out,’ before Vanya heads to a barber’s shop for a trim. They later regroup with Klaus (Robert Sheehan), Diego (David Castañeda) and Five (Aidan Gallagher), informing them that his name is Viktor after Diego refers to him as Vanya. When Diego asks: ‘Who’s Viktor?’, Viktor replies: ‘I am. It’s who I’ve always been. After a long pause. Is that an issue for anyone?’ ‘Nah I’m good with it,’ Diego responds, while Klaus says: ‘Yeah me too. Cool.’ Five adds: ‘Truly happy for you Viktor,’ before resuming their previous conversation about what to do regarding the Sparrow Academy. Viktor informs his sister Allison (Emmy Raver-Lampman) separately about his identity, as Allison says that she couldn’t believe she ‘never realised’ before. ‘You couldn’t have known because I didn’t fully,’ Viktor explains. ‘Being with Sissy, I don’t know, opened something in me. Showed me I’d never be free hiding from who I really am. After losing her I realised, I just can’t live in that box anymore. I won’t.’ When Viktor and Allison pass a mirror, Viktor admits he always hated looking at his reflection, but now finally seems himself. ‘Thank you for trusting me with this. You’re family Viktor, okay? And there’s nothing that would make me love you less,’ Allison tells him. Luther (Tom Hopper) is the last to find out about Viktor, when he’s informed by Diego after calling him Vanya, reacting in surprise by saying: ‘What else did I miss when I was kidnapped?’ He later asks Diego if they should make some sort of ‘formal gesture’ to ‘welcome him as brothers’, as becoming Viktor is a ‘pretty big deal’. However, Diego implores him not to ‘be weird’, despite Luther’s insistence that they should ‘mark the occasion’ somehow. Revealing Luther’s plan to Viktor, Diego says: ‘Luther wants to throw you a big stupid party so you feel loved. Do you feel loved?’ ‘Yeah, I do,’ Viktor replies, with Diego asking if they can then go back to saving the world while Luther compliments Viktor on his haircut. With it previously having been under wraps how Elliot would be introduced as Viktor, the way his family responded to the news is sure to pull on many heartstrings, as they accept Viktor with open arms, no questions asked. Furthermore, the way in which they reacted to the announcement before swiftly returning to the mission at hand demonstrated was a beautiful way to show someone being accepted instantly by their loved ones after coming out as trans. A first look of Viktor was revealed in March this year ahead of the new season coming out, with the actor writing on social media alongside a picture from the series: ‘Meet Viktor Hargreeves.’ The official account for The Umbrella Academy tweeted: ‘WE LOVE YOU VIKTOR’ while Justin H Min, who plays Ben, wrote: ‘Ben would be proud.’ The Umbrella Academy season 3 is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : What happened at the end of The Umbrella Academy season 2? MORE : The Umbrella Academy season 3 review: Another day, another apocalypse in tale with more layers than puff pastry 