The third semi-final of Britain’s Got Talent is over, and two more acts have made it through to the final. Singer Tom Ball and comedian Eva Abley won the support of the public to make it through to the final. However, this meant that the audience had to say goodbye to magician Keiichi Iwasaki, who also made it to the final three but failed to win the support of the judges. Tom, who works as a teacher and won the hearts of the nation with his first audition, was announced as the overall winner of the night, meaning that he soared straight through to Sunday’s final. This left Eva and Keiichi’s fates in the hands of the judges, as David Walliams, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and Simon Cowell faced making yet another difficult decision. Unlike on Tuesday night, the final decision wasn’t left up to Simon, as his three fellow judges all voted to keep Eva in the competition. Eva, 14, who has cerebral palsy, couldn’t contain her excitement when she learnt she was still in the running for the victory. She also immediately extending her sympathies to Keiichi, running over to give her competitor a hug. Several fans celebrated Tom and Eva making it through to the final, with one tweeting: ‘Tom. Called it! Deserved,’ as another added: ‘Eva to win the final now!! She smashed it!’ However, others expressed their disappointment over the acts that didn’t make it through, including singer Immi Davis and dance group The Freaks. ‘How did #TheFreaks not get into final? Unique, incredible acrobatics in amazing presentation of light, colour, dramatic set,’ one person remarked. ‘Immi was robbed tonight..’ someone else wrote about the young singer. When Simon was asked how he would have voted in, he said that he thought Immi should have been in the top three. ‘I think we’re going to have to bring in one or two wildcards,’ the judge said, hinting that some fan-favourites who have been sent home could be making comebacks for the final. Diversity also made an epic return to the competition, delivering a performance that referenced their Black Lives Matter routine, which broke Ofcom’s record for TV complaints in 2020. Before Tom and Eva made it through to the final, they went up against acts including dance group Les Sancho, dance group the Dane Bates Collective and comedic trio The Dots in the semi-final. Britain’s Got Talent returns tomorrow at 8pm on ITV and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: Simon Cowell threatens to storm off after clash with David Walliams over dance group Les Sancho MORE : Ant McPartlin flips double fingers up to pal during playful phonecall while on Britain’s Got Talent break 