WWE legend John Cena is eyeing up another return with the United States Championship in his sights. The future Hall of Famer and Hollywood superstar – who has held the prestigious title five times – has been teasing a match with current champ Theory recently, and now he’s suggested a comeback could be imminent after Hell In A Cell 2022. Following Theory’s victory over Mustafa Ali on Sunday night’s huge show, Cena has shared a typically cryptic post on Instagram referencing the title and a potential showdown with the rising star. The image is a zoomed in photo from Cena’s own United States Title Open Challenge back in YEAR, which saw Kevin Owens debut by laying out the champ before stomping on the prize. The post has already sent fans wild, with one fan commenting: ‘John Cena for comeback at summerslam vs Theory for the United State championship! Let’s go! (sic)’ Another added: ‘The champ is coming to retain [his] United States championship’. Last year, he returned for a spell dubbed the Summer of Cena, which started with a shock comeback at Money In The Bank, and culminating in a losing effort against Universal Champion Roman Reigns. Cena has made it clear that he is by no means done with WWE, and he could be on a collision course with Theory. He recently suggested he’s got his sights set on the United States Champion, and there is history between the pair with Theory making it clear how much Cena meant to him as a kid. He previously told Metro.co.uk about the moment he was able to pick his hero’s brain at the WWE Performance Center. He said: ‘When I was eight, first time I’d ever seen WWE, I was invested. John Cena was the first person that I’d seen. Just his character, the way he carried himself helped me through a lot of personal stuff in my life. ‘That’s what built my connection with loving professional wrestling, and sports entertainment. This was just huge for me, because my whole life I’ve modeled myself after this guy, and I’m about to meet him.’ ‘I’d say the best advice that I got from John Cena – and I constantly remind myself of this,’ he added. ‘Something he said to me was, “No one will ever attach to your performance, they’ll only attach to your personality.” ‘ WWE Raw airs Monday nights at 1am on BT Sport 1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE Hell In A Cell: Cody Rhodes reveals horrific bruising after injury before Seth Rollins match MORE : John Cena is completely unrecognisable sporting tiny trunks in heavily tanned and ripped bodybuilding photo before WWE days 