Dan Walker poked fun at his rival Piers Morgan by jokingly storming out of his Good Morning Britain interview on Monday. The former BBC Breakfast presenter, who starts his new position on Channel 5 News today, joined Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley in the ITV studio. After claiming Piers had once paid for paparazzi to turn up at their charity golf game, Dan got up from behind his desk and proceeded to make a beeline for the exit. ‘I’m going to do what they normally do on this programme,’ Dan said as he got up. ‘Storm off.’ Susanna, meanwhile, was quick to point out that only ‘one person’ has previously done that on the programme before. ‘It is a stage that has been set for you,’ she added. ‘See you at five o’clock on Channel 5,’ Dan yelled as he opened the door to leave. Of course, Piers made headlines in March 2021 when he quit Good Morning Britain following an on-air clash with weatherman Alex Beresford over Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s interview with Oprah Winfrey. Before he departed the show, however, the no-nonsense host dramatically stormed out in the middle of a row with Alex. Dan left BBC Breakfast last month after six years to join Channel 5 to become the lead anchor on 5 News. He previously announced his move to Channel 5, where he will present the recently relaunched flagship news bulletin 5 News, as well as ‘fronting a range of new programming on the channel’. Before he left the BBC studios, Dan took a moment to thank his colleagues, the production team, and viewers at home. ‘There aren’t many jobs where you have a chance to give other people a voice. That’s what we all love doing more than anything else,’ he said. ‘Thank you for tuning in. Thank you for all the lovely messages over the years. We never ever take any of that for granted,’ he added. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 