Love Island’s Liam Llewellyn has thanked his followers online for their ‘love and support’ following his exit from the villa. Ahead of Friday’s episode of the ITV2 dating competition, it emerged that the 22-year-old Welsh student had decided to leave the villa. When the scenes aired, fans discovered that Liam informed the rest of the contestants at the firepit about his decision, explaining that he hadn’t been feeling himself since the show began after initially being paired up with Michael Owen’s daughter, Gemma Owen. Having been left single by Davide Sanclimenti’s decision to couple up with Gemma, Liam was granted dates with the two new bombshells Afia Tonkmor and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu following a public vote… but didn’t forge a romantic connection with either of them. Liam – who will appear in tonight’s first instalment of Love Island: Aftersun – confirmed his UK return via Instagram Stories. ‘Yes people, it’s Liam!,’ he wrote. ‘I’m back. I am absolutely blown away by the love and support that has been shown to me whilst I was in the villa and since I’ve been out. ‘I appreciate you all like you wouldn’t believe #loveislandbaby.’ It’s been claimed that Liam’s dad David got on a plane to be with his son after Liam became ‘really upset’ upon his departure, which came shortly before another bombshell – Gemma’s ex-boyfriend – was revealed. ‘Liam’s confidence was totally knocked when he lost Gemma so when he then also didn’t manage to catch Ekin-Su or Afia’s eye he started to totally overthink everything he did,’ a source said. They continued to The Sun: ‘He just began to worry about everything and then felt guilty that he wasn’t enjoying the whole experience like he felt he was meant to, so called it quits. ‘At this point Liam feels really upset. His dad David flew straight out to Majorca to be with him.’ Following the announcement that Liam was leaving the show, a statement shared on his Instagram profile read: ‘Thank you all so much for the love and support you have shown to Liam during his time in the villa and since making his decision to leave. ‘He has remained true to himself throughout and we couldn’t be more proud of him.’ Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Indiyah Polack fans celebrate after Love Island star shines in Unseen Bits: ‘She owned the whole hour!’ MORE : Proud dad Michael Owen spends quality time with youngest daughter while Gemma Owen prepares to be reunited with ex on Love Island 