Elon Musk is threatening to end his 44 billion dollar (£35bn) agreement to buy Twitter. According to the billionaire, the social media giant is refusing to give him information about the amount of spam bot accounts on the platform. Lawyers for the Tesla and SpaceX CEO made the threat in a letter to Twitter today, that the social platform included in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission in the US. The letter says Musk has repeatedly asked for the information since May 9, about a month after his inital offer to buy the company, so he could evaluate how many of the company’s 229 million accounts are fake. It states that Twitter is ‘is actively resisting and thwarting his information rights’. The lawyers say in the letter that Twitter has offered only to provide details about the company’s testing methods. But they contend that is ‘tantamount to refusing Mr Musk’s data requests’. As for Musk, he says he wants to know the amount of fake accounts on the platform before purchasing, so that he knows the scale of the problem he faces. One industry expert has suggested Mr Musk’s interest in the number of real and fake accounts on the site could be linked to his possible plans to boost Twitter revenue through user subscriptions and advertising. Susannah Streeter, senior investment and markets analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said these figures were a ‘key metric’ in Musk’s plans for the platform, but said the delay could also be a tactic to try and reduce the price of the deal. ‘Musk’s Twitter takeover was always destined to be a bumpy ride, and now it risks hitting the skids over the number of fake accounts on the platform,’ she said. When his proposed takeover was announced in April, Mr Musk said one of his key aims was to ‘defeat the spam bots’, in reference to the fake and automated accounts operating on the platform. Mr Musk had also pledged to bolster free speech on the site and thinks former US president Donald Trump should have his permanent Twitter ban reversed. MORE : Elon Musk’s return-to-office ultimatum hasn’t gone down well in Germany MORE : Elon Musk humiliated by video game website after refusing to credit article