Sam Fox is facing a health scare after discovering a lump between her vocal cords, and admits it has been an emotional time. The Touch Me singer has shared the news just days before she gets married to girlfriend Linda Olsen next week. Opening up about her ordeal, Sam, 56, detailed how a 10mm growth was found in her throat during a Harley Street visit after experiencing issues with her singing voice. Sam, a former Page 3 model, is particularly concerned as her mother Carol Ann had breast cancer, while her former long-term partner Myra Stratton died from the disease in 2015. ‘When I saw the growth on the screen, I thought: “Oh God, that’s not normal”. It looked very big. You think about throat cancer straight away,’ the singer explained to The Sun. ‘The doctor said, “We have to get that out as soon as possible. It might be nothing, but it might not be”.’ Sam has been supported by her partner Linda, who she got engaged to in 2020 and will wed in a matter of days. ‘I was in shock,’ she stated, adding: ‘My fiancée Linda was with me, and broke down in tears. I’ve cried a lot. ‘The doctor said the growth is in a precarious position, so even if it turns out to be a benign polyps, scarring is very much a possibility.’ Sam added that she hopes the health scare will not impact her career as she still has shows scheduled performing for the British Royal Forces. The Nothing’s Gonna Stop Me Now hitmaker announced her engagement to Linda in March 2020, four years after the death of her former girlfriend Myra, who she had been in a relationship with for 16 years. In a recent interview with OK! Magazine, she said: ‘Linda’s not a jealous person. I was with Myra for 16 years and you can’t be with somebody for that long if you weren’t close and you didn’t love that person. ‘So of course I think about her, and Linda’s lovely about her.’ MORE : Chloe Green enjoys glamorous date with boyfriend Manuele Thiella amid claims she’s ‘expecting second child’ MORE : Adele’s boyfriend Rich Paul ‘looking forward to being older dad’ after singer confirmed baby plans 