Katie Price may not have a plus one for her sister’s wedding this week as her fiance Carl Woods is reportedly ‘banned’ from attending. Sophie Price, the reality star’s younger sister, is set to tie the knot with her fiance Harry at a church in west Sussex on Wednesday. It comes days after big sister Katie, 44, took charge of throwing Sophie, 32, a lavish hen do at Secret Cabins, with their mother Amy Price and Katie’s daughter Princess in attendance. However, a notable face could be missing from the nuptials as an insider claims Sophie has decided not to lift a ban on Katie’s partner Carl attending the ceremony. Sophie reportedly uninvited the car dealer from her wedding after he was charged with threatening and abusive behaviour. With the charges being dropped earlier this month, Katie had hoped Sophie would change her mind about Carl attending, but a source claims she would rather avoid the possibility of any ‘drama’ completely. ‘Katie really hoped Carl would be able to come to the wedding and Sophie would change her mind but the guest list is already finalised and she respects her sister’s wishes,’ the source told The Sun. ‘She doesn’t want anything distracting from Sophie’s big day and she knows it’s not about her or Carl. Katie will be there with a big smile on her face to celebrate her sister, but of course it makes her sad to not have Carl by her side.’ They added that Carl, 33, was ‘disappointed’ for Katie but he ‘understands’ and ‘wishes Sophie and Harry all the best for their big day’. It’s said that Katie will attend with her eldest son Harvey Price, 20. Carl was charged in February this year following an incident in 2021, which resulted in the former Love Island star being charged under section 4 of the Public Order Act. He appeared in court in March, but the matter has since been dropped due to lack of evidence. Carl, who was supported by Katie, pleaded not guilty earlier this year and was then granted unconditional bail. His trial was set to begin on June 16. Katie has been dating Carl since the summer of 2020 and they got engaged in April 2021. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Katie and Carl’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price surprises Harvey with visit from Barney the Dinosaur for 20th birthday and his reaction is the purest joy MORE : Katie Price throws epic hen do for sister Sophie with mum Amy and daughter Princess ahead of big day 