Beyonce managed to break the internet, as well as our souls, as she unveiled the stunning new cover for her upcoming album, Renaissance. The Break My Soul singer will be dropping album number seven on July 29, and has blessed us all with the artwork in preparation for the drop. Taking to Instagram, the 40-year-old shared a snap as she stripped almost naked for the photoshoot, covered in silver jewelry. Similar to her recent British Vogue cover, the mom-of-four looked seriously regal as she posed on top of a horse. Offering up a very rare caption, Bey wrote: ‘Act i     RENAISSANCE      7.29. Creating this album allowed me a place to dream and to find escape during a scary time for the world. ‘It allowed me to feel free and adventurous in a time when little else was moving. ‘My intention was to create a safe place, a place without judgment. A place to be free of perfectionism and overthinking. ‘A place to scream, release, feel freedom. It was a beautiful journey of exploration. ‘I hope you find joy in this music. I hope it inspires you to release the wiggle. Ha! And to feel as unique, strong, and sexy as you are.’ Absolutely no one could cope with the artwork, flooding the responses with praise for the Oscar-nominee. ‘OKAY QUEEN OF THE WORLD,’ a follower yelled, as one replied: ‘Wow she’s really speaking to my Soul.’ ‘Thank you Queen for always encouraging us to found power through our wiggle,’ a fan wrote. Delighted to get a rare message, another said: ‘OH YOU WRITING CAPTIONS NOW?! Is this what Renaissance did to you? Chile, we finna be on one!’ As an Instagram user joked: ‘It’s the way you just made me damn near faint in this nail salon.’ Bey teased a return to music earlier this year in typical form – by deleting her profile pictures across all of her social media accounts, sending a signal that something was about to drop. Sidenote: Like the bat signal but way more efficient… She then kept us on our toes when she changed her bio to confirm the release of lead single Break My Soul was coming on June 20. Unsurprisingly, it has already been dubbed the ‘song of the summer’. Her mom, Tina Knowles, was recently questioned on what else could come from Renaissance and, while she remained tight-lipped on the project, she said that her daughter had put ‘two years of love’ into the record. Appearing at the DesignCare 2022 Gala to benefit the HollyRod Foundation last week, Tina shared her excitement for the release. ‘I just posted recently that I really miss her singing, and I do. I’m as excited as everybody else. I can’t wait for you guys to hear it,’ she told ET Online. ‘She put two years of love into this. Many, many nights [she spent] all night working.’ ‘I can’t wait for the world to hear it.’ Renaissance is out on July 29. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Heartstopper stars Kit Connor, Joe Locke, Yasmin Finney, and William Gao join Celebrity Gogglebox for Pride special MORE : Doctor Who’s Tardis ‘getting a wheelchair ramp to accommodate upcoming characters’ 