Love Island fans were sent into a frenzy after Tasha Ghouri and Paige Thorne shared a passionate kiss during Tuesday’s heart rate challenge. As the islanders paraded about in front of each other, in costume but scantily clad as everything from a gladiator to a ringmaster, the aim of the game was to get your love interest’s heart racing fastest for you. As always, it brought some unexpected results, as well as some we were expecting (Luca Bish for Gemma Owen, and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti still having the hots for one another). With everyone flustered after Dami Hope’s performance Ekin-Su requested for everyone to ‘have an orgy now,’ and  Paige and Tasha used the opportunity to make out with each other, because, why not! And fans were absolutely living for the moment! ‘At this rate Tasha and Paige will be coupling up Barbie and Pamela Anderson!’ one person tweeted. ‘Tasha and Paige lipsing when the boys can’t see is an act of feminism. I cannot explain why,’ another added. Last night’s much-loved game certainly ruffled some feathers as Luca, Tasha, Paige, and Indiyah Polack were among the contestants left upset after the people they were coupled up with had their pulses raised by different contestants. Luca was ready to decalre his love to Gemma after her performance in a black and red outfit. Unfortunately, Gemma’s heart rate was proven to be raised most by her ex Jacques O’Neill, something reciprocated by him, which upset Paige seeing as she has just shut down a keen Jay Younger to pursue her connection with him. However, devoted viewers are rooting for ‘divorced parents’ Ekin-Su and Davide to reconcile after she successfully got his heart thumping. ‘Davide and Ekin-Su is a real love story,’ tweeted one satisfied viewer. ‘They loved each other, tried to kill each other now they can cause chaos together.’ ‘Seriously rooting for Davide and Ekin sue [sic] enemies to lovers pls,’ commented another. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ekin-Su is set to have the power as Love Island teases dramatic recoupling: ‘I don’t know, I just don’t know’ MORE : Love Island’s lap dance challenge ruffles feathers and leaves Luca, Tasha, Paige and Indiyah upset 