Prince Louis exclaimed ‘woah, it’s the Red Arrows!’ as he took his place with the Royal Family during the spectacular Diamond Jubilee flypast over Buckingham Palace. The thrilled four-year-old showed he is a fan of the aerobatic display team as he looked up from the balcony this afternoon and told his parents William and Kate of his excitement. Queen Elizabeth II was also suitably impressed at the past-and-present flypast of 70 planes representing Britain’s armed forces, saying: ‘That’s our air force…the Apaches.’ She showed her admiration at the way the Apache helicopters, RAF fast jets and wartime-era aircraft had formed up for the airborne parade, saying: ‘That’s very clever.’ The Duchess of Cambridge made sure her children, also including Prince George, 8, and Princess Charlotte, 7, caught the moment the Reds painted the sky red, white and blue. After the nine jets left the trails in fine weather, she said: ‘See the smoke!’ The comments were caught by lip-reader John Cassidy during the memorable flight by 70 aircraft representing each year that the monarch has been on the throne during her unprecedented reign. The Arrows’ smoke trails capped the opening pageantry as thousands lined the streets on the Mall. Thousands of people had lined the streets as the four-day bank holiday weekend got underway with an expanded Trooping the Colour parade, which is held every year for Her Majesty’s birthday. Dressed in a sailor’s outfit, Prince Louis was an excitable character during the balcony appearance, as he waved at the planes and briefly put his hands over his ears as the aircraft soared overhead. The monarch, 96, appeared relaxed and chatted to Prince Charles as working royals gathered on the vantage point. She also spoke to Prince Louis, her great-grandson, who stole the show with a series of amusing facial expressions. Her Majesty waved at the crowds before the royals made their way back into the palace as Jubilee celebrations continue, with a nationwide beacon-lighting ceremony tonight. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.