Julia Bradbury has called for women undergoing cancer treatment not to be afraid to ask for help as she shared a photo of her sister styling her hair after her mastectomy. The Countryfile presenter, 51, was diagnosed with breast cancer in September 2021 after finding a 5cm tumour in her left breast, and in October 2021 underwent a mastectomy and reconstruction. She shared a throwback photo from after the operation, with her sister helping her style her hair while she ‘couldn’t lift her arms’. Julia told her followers: ‘For all the women who have just been diagnosed with #breastcancer, I’m sending love & positive wishes. ‘I know… It’s a shock. I know… You didn’t think it would happen to you. I know…you’re scared. ‘The treatment & outcomes are improving, but it’s still a brutal process. Take every bit of support you can from family, friends & your medical team.’ She urged patients to reach out to a host of cancer charities for support, adding: ‘I advise you to learn what you can about your cancer… We’re all different & so are our cancers. ‘I’d recommend staying as healthy as you can using nature and food to help support you. I’m sure the exercise I did before my #mastectomy helped my recovery. ‘Even when it’s the last thing you feel like doing .. you will need your resilience, mental & physical health. The psychological & emotional impact is often overlooked.. I feel so grateful for the love I have received.’ Addressing the photo of her in her hospital bed with her sister giving her a blow dry with a barrel brush, Julia added: ‘This is my sister @ginabradburyfox washing & drying my hair for me which she did for weeks because I couldn’t lift my arms. ‘Find your tribe and don’t be afraid to ask for help. And a little tip if you’re a friend or family member… As well-meaning as it is, please don’t ask/send messages asking “how are you?” – it’s a pressure to respond to everyone & you can imagine what a complicated message it really is: I’m scared, confused & don’t know what the outcome will be.. (but do send a message to say you’re thinking of that person and offer your help). ‘Here’s the truth: once you hear the words “you’ve got cancer” life will never be the same again but there’s always hope and positivity.’ Julia has kept fans up to date with her treatment after being diagnosed with cancer, revealing in February that she was ‘healing well’ from the mastectomy. She also filmed a documentary, Julia Bradbury: Breast Cancer and Me, to help raise awareness of the disease and encourage others to see their doctor. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Julia Bradbury says breakthrough cancer treatment ‘could’ve saved left breast’ MORE : Julia Bradbury ‘delighted’ her breast cancer documentary raised awareness and has helped others 