Amanda Holden has admitted she likes getting wolf-whistled, saying she doesn’t care if it’s sexist. The Britain’s Got Talent judge, 51, said she loves getting compliments about her appearance. ‘I still want to get wolf whistles in my 70s, and I don’t care how sexist that is,’ she explained. ‘I want a builder to give me a little “oi, oi” when I walk past. I want to be tooted at by men or women when I’m walking the dog!’ She added that she thinks women should be able to wear whatever they want, no matter their age. ‘The only way to change things is to not give a damn,’ she added to Woman’s Weekly. ‘I think all the women I engage with are like that and hopefully, by reading about and seeing us, other women feel championed and brave enough to take a few risks, whatever their age or body shape.’ Amanda is known for going all out with her looks, especially for special occasions like Britain’s Got Talent, which sees her don spectuacular gowns. Meanwhile, she definitely got in the spirit for the Platinum Jubilee earlier this year, rocking a sensational Union Jack gown. Most recently, she and her daughter Lexi 16, rocked matching looks at Wimbledon. It’s possible Lexi will be getting used to the spotlight over the coming year as it was previously reported she had signed a deal with Storm, the same modelling agency that turned Kate Moss into a superstar catwalk icon. Sources claimed that Amanda would gradually introduce Lexi to the spotlight through high-profile public appearances that would increase over time before going full steam ahead when she turns 18. An insider told The Sun in March: ‘The plan is for Lexi to meet with a number of heavyweights of the next few years and make a name for herself. ‘Love Island stars can command six figure deals for a single collection and with the offers coming in thick and fast for Lexi it’s no exaggeration to say she could easily land countless deals of that value within a year. ‘She really is the hottest ticket in town.’ Amanda shares Lexi with husband Chris Hughes, and the couple are also proud parents of youngest daughter Hollie, 10. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amanda Holden and daughter Lexi, 16, don matching power looks as they arrive at Wimbledon 2022 day one MORE : Amanda Holden leaves fans blushing after accidentally flashing her knickers in outfit video 