Jamie Carragher has predicted Liverpool’s front three for next season after Darwin Nunez joined the Anfield club. Liverpool confirmed they had signed Nunez from Benfica on Tuesday in a deal worth an initial £64m. The 22-year-old, who scored 34 goals in 41 appearances last season, could become Liverpool’s record signing, with the fee rising to a potential £85m with add-ons. Nunez will join a Liverpool attack that already boasts class and variety, with Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane, Luis Diaz, Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino proving to be key players for Reds boss Jurgen Klopp. But with Mane expected to join Bayern Munich this summer and Firmino slipping down the pecking order, Carragher expects Nunez to lead the line next season and start alongside Salah and Diaz in a formidable front three. ‘Liverpool under Jurgen Klopp normally get the recruitment right, certainly when they spend big and the type of figures we’re talking here that’s what they spent on the goalkeeper [Alisson] and [Virgil] van Dijk and they made a huge difference,’ Carragher told Sky Sports. ‘Liverpool do need to refresh the frontline because of the age of that front three who have been absolutely fantastic for the last four or five years with Liverpool. ‘It is sad to see it broken up in some ways but it had to come to an end sooner or later. ‘With Sadio Mane looking like he’s going to move on, Liverpool had to do something and he’s the one they’ve identified. ‘I think the start of next season Liverpool’s front three will be Salah, Nunez and Diaz on the left.’ Liverpool will attempt to challenge Manchester City for the Premier League title next season after finishing just one point behind Pep Guardiola’s side last term. The Reds will also look to enjoy another productive run in Europe, having reached the Champions League final in May, only to be beaten by Real Madrid. Following his move to Anfield, Nunez said: ‘I’m really happy and delighted to be here at Liverpool. It’s a massive club. I want to win a lot of trophies at Liverpool. ‘I’ve played against Liverpool and I’ve seen them in lots of games in the Champions League – and it’s my style of play. There are some great players here and I think it’s going to suit my style of play here.’ Manchester City, meanwhile, have already bolstered Guardiola’s title-winning squad with the signing of Norway striker Erling Haaland. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 