A 41-year-old man has been jailed for life for murdering a six-year-old schoolboy in 1994. James Watson was 13 years old when he strangled little Rikki Neave to death and posed his naked body in a starfish in woodlands near his home in Peterborough. Rikki was found a day after his disappearance, prompting a widely-criticised investigation which resulted in his mum being charged with killing him. Ruth Neave was cleared of murder but jailed for child cruelty, although she later said she was ‘bullied’ into admitting the latter charge. The murder case went cold but was reopened in 2015, with one strand of the investigation looking into unidentified DNA found on Rikki’s clothing. The following year, a breakthrough revealed the DNA belonged to Watson. The 41-year-old tried to explain the finding by claiming he had picked the boy up to look at diggers through a hole in a fence. But detectives were able to show the fence was not there 1994, which proved to be a key turning point leading to Watson being charged with the murder. He fled to Portugal while on bail but was eventually caught and extradited to the UK. His defence team tried to lay the blame for the murder back at Ruth’s feet, but its arguments leaned on a number of ‘ghost sightings’ of the boy which were rejected by the jury as false. Watson, of no fixed abode, was found guilty in April, adding to a long list of convictions including sexual assault, car theft and setting fire to a police station. Former assistant chief constable Paul Fullwood, who led the cold case, described him as ‘a fantasist, a dangerous individual, and a compulsive liar’. ‘All the way through this, it’s been a monumental series of challenges. ‘But as far as we’re concerned, we’ve got the right person responsible for the dreadful, dreadful murder of that little boy Rikki Neave.’ Ms Neave described Watson as a ‘monster’ but said the original investigation and the actions of police and social services had ‘totally ruined mine and my daughters’ lives’. In a statement, she added: ‘The only thing now is to close this chapter in my life and open a new one. ‘I wonder what Rikki would be like today, married, children? Who knows? ‘But this monster has taken that all from me and my daughters.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.