Engladn’s World Cup-winning skipper Morgan has confirmed his international retirement. The 35-year-old has been struggling in recent months for form and fitness but will go down in history as the man who delivered the most coveted trophy in the limited-overs game, completing his crowning achievement in a famously dramatic final at Lord’s in 2019. After switching his allegiance from his native Ireland in 2009, Morgan quickly became one of the most innovative players, and thinkers, in the English game and took over as captain when Sir Alastair Cook was sacked on the eve of the 2015 World Cup. He leaves seven years later as the record run-scorer and record cap-holder in both 50 and 20-over cricket, with his deputy Jos Buttler primed to step up. After careful deliberation and consideration, I am here to announce my retirement from international cricket with immediate effect. ‘To call time on what has been without doubt the most enjoyable and rewarding chapter of my career hasn’t been an easy decision,’ said Morgan in a statement. ‘But I believe now is the right time to do so, both for me, personally, and for both England white-ball sides I have led to this point. ‘From my start in the international arena with Ireland to winning the World Cup in 2019, I have never lost sight of how integral family support is to any international sportsperson. ‘To my Mum and Dad, my wife, Tara, and our family around the world, thank you for your unconditional support throughout the good and more challenging times in my career. Without you all, this incredible journey would not have been possible. ‘I must also thank my teammates, coaches, supporters, and those behind the scenes who have made my career and any successes possible. I am hugely proud of what I have achieved as a player and captain, but the things I will cherish and remember the most are the memories I made with some of the greatest people I know along the way. “I have been lucky enough to play in two World Cup winning teams, but I believe the future for England’s white-ball teams is brighter than ever. ‘We have more experience, more strength and more depth than ever before. I look forward to watching on with a huge level of excitement. ‘To what lies ahead for me, I will continue to enjoy playing at a domestic level while I can. I’m really looking forward to playing and captaining London Spirit in the second edition of The Hundred this year.’ MORE : Joe Root showed the benefits of ditching the England captaincy with match-winning ton against New Zealand MORE : England cricket fans can buckle up for thrilling ride of a bold new era under Ben Stokes and Brendon McCullum For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 