The sole surviving terror attacker who brought bloodshed and carnage to the streets of Paris in 2015 has finally been convicted. Salah Abdeslam received the toughest sentence available to the courts in France, life in prison without parole. He was part of a 10-member unit which attacked the Bataclan theatre, cafes and the national stadium, killing 130 people. Abdeslam was found guilty of murder and attempted murder in relation with a terrorist enterprise, among other charges. Presiding judge Jean-Louis Peries read the verdicts in a courthouse surrounded by unprecedented security, wrapping up a nine-month trial. He was sentenced alongside 19 other men, 18 of whom were handed various terrorism-related convictions and one who was convicted on a lesser fraud charge. The 32-year-old Belgian with Moroccan roots pleaded for leniency during the trial. He apologised to victims earlier this week, telling the court: ‘I have made mistakes, it’s true, but I am not a murderer, I am not a killer.’ But at the start of the trial, Abdeslam declared he was a ‘soldier’ of the radical group which has claimed responsibility for the attacks. The court rejected his claims that he decided at the last minute not to detonate the explosive vest he was wearing, ruling it had simply malfunctioned. Victims and their families deliver heart-rendering testimonies during the lengthy proceedings. Dominique Kielemoes, whose son bled to death after being attack while enjoying a night at a cafe, said: ‘The assassins, these terrorists, thought they were firing into the crowd, into a mass of people.’ She added: ‘It wasn’t a mass — these were individuals who had a life, who loved, had hopes and expectations.’ Thirteen other people, 10 of whom are also in custody, were also in the courtroom during the hearings, accused of crimes ranging from helping provide the attackers with weapons or cars to planning to take part in the attack. Six more were tried in absentia. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.