Royal fans have described scenes of ‘bedlam’ in central London, as revellers still hoping to see the Platinum Jubilee celebrations were warned to stay away because viewing areas are already full. Thousands of people draped in Union Jack flags, party hats and plastic tiaras lined the Mall in the warm sunshine to take in the pomp and pageantry on display. Many queued for hours to grab a coveted spot at the front, with huge crowds also gathering in surrounding areas including Green Park, Trafalgar Square and Whitehall. But within minutes of The Queen’s Birthday Parade beginning with Trooping the Colour, those yet to make their way into town were warned that viewing areas ‘are now full’ and advised to ‘enjoy the Jubilee celebrations elsewhere’. Sarah Bates-Fidler, from Rochester in Kent, told Metro.co.uk: ‘It’s bedlam. They’ve closed roads and people are getting stuck on the closed roads, they aren’t going to see anything.’ Her friend Jan Cahill added: ‘We’d been really excited, but we don’t know yet how to see anything. There’s no organisation really.’ One 86-year-old, who travelled up from Torquay last night, said: ‘I was here for the coronation 70 years ago, so it felt only right. But I can’t see anything now.’ Caroline Upton and her family had travelled to London from Somerset for the Trooping of the Colour. Her son Charlie is a Coldstream guard officer and was due to take part in the procession. She said: ‘There’s confusion about tickets, I spoke to my son last night and he didn’t know anything about tickets either. ‘We’ve been here since 8.30am and have got nowhere. It’s really disappointing, we’d been really excited but haven’t seen anything yet.’ The Met Police’s Events account tweeted: ‘The viewing areas in central London for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations are now full. ‘To avoid the disappointment of not being able to enter the viewing areas please avoid the area.’ The Royal Parks also tweeted: ‘Crowds have flocked to St James’s Park for Trooping the Colour and public viewing areas are now at full capacity. ‘Please do not head to St James’s Park but enjoy the Jubilee celebrations elsewhere.’ Scotland Yard also said several arrests have been made after some people attempted to enter the ceremonial route on The Mall before Trooping the Colour. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.