We’ve all read about the travel disruptions. It’s just typical that after two summers of lockdowns, the moment we are free flights are being cancelled left right and centre. Being stuck at an airport with nothing to do is a common travel woe. While we can’t make your six-hour delay any shorter, we hope these essential travel buys will help keep you well entertained while you wait. From the best wireless headphones to classic multiplayer games like Perudo, here is our pick of what’s going to make time fly (even if your plane won’t). An all-in-one entertainment system for (very bored) kids. Let them listen and open up their world in the safe confides of a device created just for them. Buy it for £59.99 from Yoto Play. Keep the beats flowing with these fast-charging earbuds. Buy it for £119 from The House Of Marley. Freshen up (and avoid liquid restrictions) during long layovers with this heavenly solid perfume. Buy it for £24 from Glossier. Who needs gadgets when you’ve got a hat-trick of retro travel games? Buy it for £15 from John Lewis. This brilliant power bank will ensure your gadgets stay juiced. Buy it for £49.99 from Amazon. Even those alien to the ways of button bashing can get lost in a retro console when desperation demands. This one has 800 games to choose from. Buy it for £18.99 from Amazon. Delayed at a foreign airport? Keep a decent travel adaptor to hand. Buy it for £38 from Boots. An entire library’s worth of books with a charge that last for weeks. Buy it for £44.99 from Amazon. With nearly 400 puzzles to chew over, this book will keep your mind occupied no matter how long the delay. Buy it for £11.99 from Amazon. This classic South American game requires no board or complicated rules, so can be played just about anywhere. Buy it for £19.99 from John Lewis. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Family spend £400 on clothes after Ryanair loses bags amid holiday travel chaos MORE : Will there be any travel disruptions over the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday? MORE : Travel expert reveals tips and tricks for a faster passport application