David Walliams reportedly enjoyed a date with actress Suzan Mutesi after they first met just over a week ago in a hotel lobby. The Britain’s Got Talent judge was seen out and about with the Ugandan-Australian star over the weekend as they went to see Baz Lurhmann’s Elvis biopic at the cinema. It’s said the pair – who met less than a week earlier in a hotel lobby – ‘couldn’t keep their hands off each other’ during the movie. An onlooker told the Daily Mail: ‘They were sitting in the front, we had to walk past them to go into our seats. During the movie they were all over each other and even shared a passionate kiss.’ Pictures from the night out show Suzan – who appeared in Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings and also works as a model and fashion designer – beaming in a sparkly dress and oversized white blazer. Meanwhile, David – who is appearing as a guest judge in the upcoming series of Australia’s Got Talent – kept it smart in a black shirt, trousers and shoes with a silver jacket. The pair happened to meet last week in the lobby of their hotel, and David joked they were engaged in a video on her Instagram page. ‘We’ve just met moments ago in the breakfast room of the hotel, and we’re standing in front of the chocolate fountain because we’re going to announce my engagement,’ he quipped. He added: ‘I like a girl that comes down to breakfast in her dressing gown, that is cool… We’re getting married to watch this space.’ And in another clip, David called himself Suzan’s fiance and wished her a happy birthday in a video also featuring Ant Middleton. It’s said the pair swapped contact details and stayed in touch before he invited her on a night out. David was previously married to supermodel Lara Stone – with whom he has son Alfred – from 2010 to 2015. Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives for David and Suzan for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : David Walliams confirmed to replace Neil Patrick Harris as judge on Australia’s Got Talent MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: Simon Cowell threatens to storm off after clash with David Walliams over dance group Les Sancho