A man has put up signs in his window accusing his neighbour of being a ‘thief’ and telling them to ‘sue me’. Ewen Taylor, 87, believes that building work on the property next door in Cardiff protruded around two inches over the boundary into his – and he is not at all happy about it. He has already been fined £90 for criminal damage after drilling into their garden wall which he says encroaches on his garden. And he says it’s the principle of it, as he would do it even if the issue was only over half an inch. The family next door say they feel harassed by Mr Taylor, with their children ‘intimidated’ and even embarrassed to go outside. After police took away his drill, Mr Taylor turned to putting him protest signs outside his house and in his window. The wording says things like ‘You and your cowboy builder are thiefs’, ‘Other councils take down illegle building work’, ‘Will they sue me?’, and ‘Do not like my signs, tell the council’. One of the signs even shows the number of the house next door to show who he is complaining about. The next-door family said: ‘It needs to stop really.”‘ Mr Taylor, a retired bricklayer, invited a journalist from Wales Online into his home to try and prove his point. He gave a demonstration where he measured part of the inside of his house close to the garden and then went outside and measured the distance between the garden wall and the position of the inside section. Mr Taylor accepts he used a drill and hammer to make holes in the wall over a period of around five months. He also peeled off a strip of stucco from the building extension in Grangetown, which his neighbours constructed in 2020. As part of the works, they replaced the old garden wall with a concrete one. The neighbours – a married couple with four children aged eight to 20 – deny any encroachment. The mum, 42, said: ‘I have no idea why he thinks it is in his property. It is distressing, especially for my children. They are embarrassed to go out when people ask questions about the signs.’ Mr Taylor has lived in his house for around 50 years, and says he was left with ‘no other choice’ but to drill holes after the council refused to intervene. One council officer wrote to Mr Taylor that the extension did not need planning permission and that boundary disputes are not planning matters. He wrote back demanding council action, with letters mostly written in black felt-tip and in large capital letters. Mr Taylor said he launched his protest because he cannot afford civil action, claiming: ‘I am protesting that they have encroached on my property to extend their property, devaluing my property. I am a victim and I am penalised?’ The family’s extension pushed back their bathroom to create more dining space. The mum said: ‘Since we moved in 20 years ago [Mr Taylor] hasn’t talked to us. ‘We hadn’t had an argument or anything. This is the first time there’s been any confrontation. ‘Cardiff council says there’s no need for a planning application for extensions of six metres and this was within six metres.’ She said Mr Taylor would often drill the wall in the mornings when they were out. But she added: ‘One time when we were in he started doing it and we asked why. He said: “It is in my property.” It was intimidating for my children.’ In response Mr Taylor told us: ‘I don’t see how it was intimidating. Hammering and drilling have been going on next door for years. And that’s acceptable. ‘If they want to hang new cupboards up they can hang new cupboards up. My wife would always hear it and say: “They’ve bought another box of nails.”‘ The mum next door said they had contacted police about the signs but ‘they said they can’t do anything because it’s in his private property. ‘They said it is like a protest sign even though it’s got our house number and he’s calling us thieves. How can that not be offensive?’ When asked if he tried to speak with his neighbours about his concerns Mr Taylor said: ‘Oh no. How do you talk to someone and tell them what they have done is illegal?’ When informed that the family feel harassed by the placards he said: ‘My signs are the truth.’ The family said police have advised them they could launch civil proceedings over the display but they decided against it to avoid legal costs. A council spokesman said it was a civil matter between two parties, adding: ‘We could only get involved if the signs were on the highway, causing an obstruction, or have been put up without permission, so in effect flyposting, which is an offence under the Environmental Protection Act 1990.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.