The Queen’s health condition will be kept under review throughout the Platinum Jubilee weekend as she presses on with events despite ongoing problems. Doctors ordered her to cut back on royal duties after an overnight stay in hospital for tests in October 2021. It was never disclosed what condition was being assessed but Buckingham Palace has previously said the Queen has struggled with ‘episodic mobility problems’. Shortly before the hospital stay, the 96-year-old was seen using a walking stick at a public engagement for the first time. A ‘sprained back’ has also been mentioned by the Palace, while the Queen was heard saying during one audience: ‘Well, as you can see, I can’t move.’ There were fears for her health when she finally caught Covid, testing positive on February 20 2022. The triple-vaccinated Queen suffered from mild cold-like symptoms, but said the virus left her ‘very tired and exhausted’. She has been absent from high profile events this year but is determined to attend celebrations thrown to mark her 70th year on the throne. Royal aides and physicians will no doubt be on hand throughout the weekend to assess whether or not she is fit to go ahead with planned appearances. In recent months, the Palace has taken to only confirming the Queen’s presence at an event on the morning it is due to take place once she and staff have been consulted. There were fears the Platinum Jubilee may need to be scaled back after she was forced to pull out of a string of major events. A planned appearance at the Cop26 climate change conference in Glasgow was scrapped, followed days later by the announcement she would not attend the Remembrance Sunday service at the Cenotaph. Between March, when she attended a memorial service for the late Prince Philip, and May, only fleeting glimpses of the Queen were seen by the public. While she has continued to host some low key audiences in person and over video link, more onerous duties like the State Opening of Parliament have had to be shelved. Prince Charles stepped into his mother’s shoes for that, the first time she has missed the key ceremonial fixture since she was pregnant in the 1960s. Royal analysts said the Prince of Wales’ presence marked a symbolic shift to a de facto regency but the Queen quickly vanquished any suggestion she might vanish from the public eye altogether. But in recent weeks, she has made a string of public appearances, perhaps in preparation for a bumper jubilee weekend. The Queen made two visits to the Royal Windsor Horse Show, an event she is believed not to have missed since the 1940s. She also attended the Chelsea Flower Show, where she was transported in a buggy, and made a surprise brief visit to attend the opening of the Elizabeth Line. The Queen flew to Balmoral at the weekend, taking the opportunity to rest during a short break ahead of the high profile national events. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.