Irish-born singer-songwriter Imelda May has been touring the world for years but a few years ago she decided to find a place in the country to settle down. Now she has her own little sanctuary filled with instruments, artworks and a few skulls – encouraged by a few wise words from Jools Holland. Imelda is headlining Towersey Festival, Buckinghamshire on August Bank Holiday weekend. Ten years ago in Hampshire. It’s  a 1950s detached house in  the countryside. A friend of mine lived up the road and said ‘you will love it’. I had one day to look at it. It was my only day off between a US and Australia tour. The jet lag was intense. I had seen a few places that didn’t move me before and I wanted a place with no work to do. This place needed loads of work, but I still love it. It’s not fancy at all but the vibe was lovely. I am a city girl from Dublin city centre but always loved the countryside. I lived in a caravan on the edge of a cliff for a while as a teenager, with no heating. I love cities but being on tour for a long time I needed peace. A lot of people don’t realise when you say ‘on the road’, you are literally hearing a bus motor and feeling every bump of the road. Balance is important when you’ve had a lot of that so you swing the pendulum the other way and get peace. It was a workers house. It needed new electricity and plumbing, there was no central heating, and I had to dig down and up and everywhere. It was worse than I thought it would be. Over time. I’m a believer in letting houses breathe and grow. It’s lovely to have a plan but life doesn’t work that way. Let yourself evolve, too, and wait till the house tells you it needs to change, then it becomes a home. Owning any home, it’s a never ending way of evolving. It doesn’t finish and there’s always something to do. I took out a bench seat in a bay window and put in French doors. It has quite low ceilings so needed light. I knocked out a wall to make a large kitchen. My home is about people and family and friends. As I’m in the countryside when people visit they come to stay so it has to be welcoming. I have a big kitchen table. There are books everywhere. The fridge is covered in photos. It’s a home. There is a nice vibe. I have an open fire that I love in the sitting room, and one in the bedroom, too. I couldn’t live in a house without a fireplace. We gather around it. Most of it is white. I like artworks to be the focal point. I have old crucifixes and guitars and pieces of art that I have made, and loads of bric-a-brac. I’m not a hoarder but I really treasure things. I have domes and put pieces in them, living artworks, pieces of wood, rings and bird skulls and put them all over. And books, books, books and vinyl. I remember when I was buying my house Jools Holland gave me some great advice: ‘Always buy something you can’t afford because it will make you work harder’. And one day you will be able to afford it. It did make me work hard. It gives you stability and a space. I have a pantry and I like to cook a lot. The builders were trying to get me to get rid of it and turn it into a downstairs loo, but I kept it and I love it. I have an outside space, too, with a campfire on some rocks in a circle and I like to look at the stars with friends and sing and laugh. I have a wishing chair, you sit in and have to make a wish. When neighbours need anything they come and sit in the wishing chair. The house is where I feel cocooned – it’s sacred to me. I tend the garden and watch the tiny buds grow into huge beautiful plants. I have written loads of my albums in the kitchen. And my poetry I write here and mostly in the garden. It’s not a fancy house but it’s a home. I don’t think I’m ever happier when I have a full house full of family friends dogs, tea, food and music. I love it. It might be something by The Velvet Underground. It has its own vibe and its chilled out and pretty cool. Buy tickets to see Imelda at Towersey Festival. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How we upgraded from a tiny Stockwell flat to buying our dream family home MORE : Clever ways to keep costs down when renovating your home MORE : Gail Porter says she knows when a house is haunted: ‘I started out a sceptic’