Katie Price and Carl Woods looked happier than ever as they stepped out with matching blonde hair in London on Wednesday. The couple put on a united display of affection after prosecutors dropped the criminal case against Carl, who was charged with using threatening behaviour against the reality TV star following an incident at a house in Essex last August. Putting the case behind them, Katie and Carl, who are engaged, flashed huge grins as they walked hand in hand out of the salon in Richmond with their new locks on full display. The pair looked at each other lovingly with their eyes hidden behind sunglasses to keep them out of the sweltering sun. Katie and Carl were photographed just hours after it emerged that the charge against Carl had been dropped. It was alleged that the 33-year-old had attempted to force open a door to a property while former glamour model Katie, 44, was inside after she left his home following a row. Previously, Colchester Magistrates’ Court heard the charge related to an incident in Great Dunmow, Essex, on August 22, when the couple allegedly had an ‘argument’ in Carl’s home. In a statement, a spokesperson for the CPS said that the charges were dropped because there was ‘no longer a realistic prospect of conviction’. ‘The CPS has an obligation to keep cases under continuous review,’ they said. ‘As part of our review and in accordance with our legal test we concluded that there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction and the case was stopped. ‘The Crown Prosecution Service takes seriously all situations where a person’s behaviour causes fear and we will seek to prosecute suspects when our legal test is met.’ Husband and wife-to-be Katie and Carl have both endured a string of legal woes over the past few months. Most recently, it was revealed that Katie faces another court hearing, this time over her bankruptcy. The My Crazy Life star, who was once worth £40million, was declared bankrupt in November 2019 after racking up a hefty debt of £3.2million. At the time, it was revealed that she was supposed to pay £12,000 in debt off every month for four years to her creditors after taking out an individual voluntary arrangement (IVA) last year, but failed to do so. The model began dating Carl in June 2020 after being set up by a mutual friend. They got engaged in April 2021, with Carl popping the question to Katie after 10 months of dating. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 