A supermarket shopper has heaped praised on a store worker after she forged a remarkable friendship with her autistic son. Bex Wickens called Asda shop assistant Mags Lunn ‘an incredible human’ after she transformed her three-year-old’s shopping experience at their local Darlington location. Her son Hudson used to find shopping overwhelming, but Mags has gone out of her way to look after him – and he now makes a beeline for her and gives her hugs whenever he sees her. Although some customers would stare or make comments if Hudson got upset while shopping, Bex says the team at Asda would work to help calm him down. Mags has even made him a green branded T-shirt to wear, and he’s become such a fan of a store that Hudson has his own mini supermarket at home. Mum Bex, who takes Hudson and his 10-month-old sister Tiny to Asda up to four times a week, said: ‘Mags truly is an incredible human – I love watching how they are together. ‘Hudson hunts her down every time we go shopping and goes back in at least five times to hug her – which is special in itself because he’s not all that big on affection. ‘She’s just always totally amazing with him. She’s witnessed the meltdowns that shopping used to cause and made him feel at ease in an environment he’d usually find overwhelming.’ Bex says that Mags has made her life easier ‘just by being herself’, adding that she loves Hudson just as much he does her. ‘She’s told her family about him and Hudson will tell anybody who will listen about her,’ continued Bex. ‘In the last six months he’s built friendships with most of the people in the store, but everybody knows Mags is his golden girl.’ Mags, 60, has a son, Mark, and three grandchildren, and has worked at Asda for over 20 years. She said: ‘Hudson really is such a sweet little boy – he’s just so adorable. ‘There’s just something about him. He’s such a lovely lad. He makes my heart melt. ‘One of my grandsons is autistic so that is why I feel I relate to Hudson so much. ‘I always get a hug from Hudson every time he comes in. Sometimes he goes out of the shop, comes back in and crawls under the barriers to get a second hug – and sometimes he gets a third or a fourth.’ Hudson’s mum Bex added: ‘Mags is such a big part of our lives now. The world needs more people like her!’ Hear hear. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Safe sex for lesbians – are dental dams all there is? MORE : How I bought a flat for under £400,000 with a quick and easy London commute