Dream of living in the heart of London? It’ll cost you… and not just in terms of money, but in time, effort, and cleaning supplies. A two-bedroom maisonette on Highgate Road, in Kentish Town, is on the market with an asking price of £600,000. That’s pretty pricey (not by London standards, mind you), but there’s also a pretty mega catch that’s revealed when you look at the photos: the property is a mess. Pictures show the 871 sq ft space covered in rubbish and an assortment of random possessions, including bottles of vitamins and a frog ornament. There’s also quite a lot of dust and muck on the floors… and a cat, which we – sadly – doubt is included in the sale (but see if you can spot him). In the living room is a washing machine, an intriguing Coca-Cola branded fridge, a salt lamp, and a leather jacket hanging up on what looks like some sort of exercise machine. In the kitchen, we can spy a half-used bottle of olive oil and the detritus of some cooking left on a chopping board… plus rubbish on the floor. Alas, there are no images of the bathroom, so we don’t know what horrors may await you there, but the floorplan confirms the property has a tub. The Olivers Town listing doesn’t mention the mess, – or whether any of the items will be included in the purchase price – instead opting to emphasise the rare ‘chance to acquire a substantial upper maisonette set on this handsome Victorian terrace moments from Hampstead Heath.’ The listing continues: ‘The accommodation is bright and airy and features a generously proportioned reception room, kitchen, two double bedrooms and bathroom.’ It also emphasises the location, which is excellent – you’d be right on the borders of Dartmouth Park, Gospel Oak, and Kentish Town, with easy access to the local swimming ponds and pretty leafy paths. Considering the average price of properties sold on Highgate Road sat at £877k over the last year, the flat’s a pretty good deal… as long as you don’t mind booking in a skip when you move in. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What I Rent: Tamika, £400 a month for a studio flat in Birmingham MORE : A guide to Ebbsfleet, where you can buy a house for the price of a flat MORE : These are the best events kicking off summer in London this week