Wimbledon is back for another year. If you’re heading to the courts or simply watching at home this year, there are plenty of ways you can get in the tennis spirit. Of course, strawberries and cream are the go-to Wimbledon snack. However, if you fancy something a little different – but still quintessentially British – we have just the thing. Lemon and elderflower scones could be just the treat you need as a sweet summer pick-me-up. The below recipe, courtesy of Bottlegreen, is perfect for a hot summer’s day or even a rainy one in front of the TV. This delicious recipe features a lemon and elderflower curd and flavoured cream. For the scones: For the elderflower and lemon curd: For the elderflower cream: 1. Preheat the oven to 200ºC fan. 2. For the scones, mix the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a mixing bowl. Rub the butter in using your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. 3. Whisk the cordial and milk with the egg. Add this to the dry ingredients along with the lemon zest and cut through with a table knife. Once it begins to clump together, get your hands in and gently work it together into a soft ball of dough. 4. Generously flour your worksurface and turn the dough out onto it. Use a rolling pin or your palms to flatten the dough out to the height of 3 – 3.5cm. Use a 6cm round cutter to cut out the scones. Transfer them to a baking paper lined baking tray. 5. Brush the tops of the scones with the additional egg yolk. Bake for 10-12 minutes or until well risen and golden. 6. To make the elderflower and lemon curd, heat the juice, cordial and zest in a non-stick pan to a simmer. 7. Whisk the sugar with the egg yolks. Slowly pour in the hot juice while whisking. 8. Return this mixture to the pan and constantly stir over low heat until thickened, up to 5-10 minutes, making sure it doesn’t boil. You can also check the temperature to see if it is ready; it should register 75ºC – 82ºC. 9. Take the curd off the heat, allow to cool for a couple of minutes, then whisk in the butter a couple of cubes at a time while still warm. Cover and chill in the fridge. 10. To make the elderflower cream, whisk together the double cream, icing sugar and cordial until soft peaks. 11. Then assemble by splitting the scones and fill with a generous serving of the cooled curd and elderflower cordial cream. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Kid-friendly recipes: Don’t know what to have for dinner? Try this easy peasy Boursin gnocchi MORE : Four refreshing recipes to try if you’re struggling to handle the heat MORE : How the Queen likes her afternoon tea – plus favourite Royal family recipes