Today is set to be the hottest of the year, with temperatures soaring to 34°C in some parts of the UK. It’s this exact weather that makes you crave a nice, cold pint – and you don’t need to head to the pub to fulfil your wish. Aldi has brought back the Philips Perfect Draft machine to its online shelves, allowing you to save money and turn your home into a bar. The appliance is compact enough to sit on a kitchen counter, and blends in with the rest of your gadgets in sleek black and chrome. There’s also an attached drip tray to combat spills. It operates similarly to a bar tap, connecting to a keg and providing up to 30 days of fresh beer, chilled to a crisp 3°C. It’s the ideal product for a hot summer’s day, with the Perfect Draft’s LCD display letting you keep an eye on the temperature, volume, and freshness of your brew. With six litre kegs starting at £28.90, you’ll be making savings on pub prices as soon as you pull your first pint. Plus, although the machine is available from a number of places, at Aldi it’s 42% cheaper compared to buying direct from Philips. Order the Perfect Draft for £189.99 on the Aldi website now. Those who’ve left their Father’s Day present shopping a little late – or just people looking to make the most of the heatwave – will be pleased to know that it’s also available for next day delivery. Kegs aren’t included with the machine, but you can get your hands on the 40-strong range of varieties at Beerhawk. Whether it’s a gift to your dad or a gift to yourself, a perfectly-poured pint in the comfort of your home is a hard one to beat. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : There are 38 types of secrets – and you’re probably keeping at least one MORE : What are Aldi’s Specialbuys this week? Top picks from the middle aisle