All eyes are on London this morning for a glimpse of the Queen on the first day of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations. But so far it’s actually been a furry mascot who has stolen the show at the height of the Queen’s Birthday Parade, ahead of Trooping the Colour from 11am. It’s Irish wolfhound Turlough Mor, also known as Seamus – the official regimental mascot of the Irish Guards. He may have been slightly out of step with the perfectly synchronised soldiers, but no one appeared to mind. Drummer Adam Walsh, who is Seamus’s handler, previously said its ‘a real privilege’ to be part of the march. ‘When it comes to the day, it’s all going to pay off. A lot of the lads have bigger parts to play than me and Seamus, but me and him still need to get it all correct,’ he added. Adam, who has had Seamus for around a month, said the dog recently celebrated his second birthday. He said he has ‘never met a dog like Seamus’ and ‘not much fazes him at all’. ‘He’s not nervous. I’m the one who’s nervous, so he’s going to be the one who keeps me on track,’ Adam said. Trooping the Colour gets its name from a tradition dating back to the 1700s, where different regiments would show off their flags so troops would recognise their banners during battle. King George II combined the annual summer military march with his birthday celebration in 1748, creating an ‘official birthday’ although he was born in October. The tradition has continued ever since, with the Queen taking part annually in June each year to mark her official birthday, as well as on the day she was actually born – April 21. Senior royals, including Prince Harry and Meghan who have not appeared publicly together in the UK since early 2020, are expected to watch Trooping the Colour ringside as part of a private family viewing. Her Majesty’s appearance on the royal balcony is one of the most keenly anticipated moments of the Jubilee celebrations over the weekend. But Harry, Meghan and Andrew are not expected to appear after the Queen limited the line-up to working royals only. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.