Looking for ways to improve your sleep? You might want to try giving your next meal a superfood boost. It’s not an absolute guarantee that amending your diet will solve all your sleep woes, but the risk/reward ratio of trying some nutrient-rich meals and snacks checks out, in our opinion. With that in mind, here’s a list of seven superfoods that Birpal Virdee, pharmacist, wellness expert and co-founder of Supplement Guru, says could help you snooze better. There are plenty of benefits to incorporating kiwis into your diet. ‘Not only are kiwis super nutritious, packed full of vital vitamins and minerals and supporting your digestive health, reducing inflammation and lowering cholesterol,’ says Birpal, ‘but they also have the potential to improve sleep quality. ‘Kiwis are rich in serotonin and antioxidants, both of which can improve sleep quality when eaten before you are about to sleep.’ We know that vitamin C can help keep our immune system strong, but it has plenty more strings to its bow. Birpal says: ‘Not only does vitamin C have an abundance of benefits – such as promoting a healthy skin barrier, boosting cognitive function, lowering the risk of high blood pressure and boosting immunity – it has also been found to aid sleep. ‘Studies have shown that those who ingest greater concentrations of vitamin C, sleep better than those who don’t.’ Like fish? You might want to make sure you eat more of the fattier varieties, then. Birpal explains: ‘Evidence has shown that eating fatty fish which contains omega 3 fatty acids – such as herring, mackerel, anchovies and salmon – can help you to fall asleep quicker and can also improve your overall performance throughout the day. ‘Fatty fish also offers a number of other benefits, so adding them into your diet is beneficial for overall health.’ This may come as little surprise to many, given that chamomile is already pretty well-known as a sleepy tea. ‘Chamomile tea is made from the plant chamomile, which is often used to promote sleep because of its sedative effects,’ says Birpal. ‘Chamomile also contains an antioxidant called apigenin, which can actually promote muscle relaxation and sleep – meaning that those who enjoy a cup of chamomile tea before bed are more likely to have a peaceful slumber.’ The magnesium found in nuts can help you get the most out of your trip to snooze town. Birpal says: ‘Nuts – such as almonds, walnuts and pistachios – contain melatonin as well as magnesium and zinc, essential minerals for many bodily processes, as well as helping to increase the feeling of tiredness of an evening.’ If you feel snacky before bed, you might want to try giving pumpkin seeds a go. ‘Pumpkin seeds contain an amino acid called tryptophan,’ explains Birpal, ‘which helps promote sleep. ‘In fact, research has actually shown that ingesting 1g of this amino acid per day can improve sleep.’ Avocados really are the gift that keep on giving. ‘Avocados are pretty much the holy grail of superfoods,’ says Birpal, ‘and offer so many super benefits for your body. ‘Avocados are a great source of magnesium which as mentioned above, helps to relax the body and promote sleep. ‘However, they also contain a lot of potassium, even more than bananas, and potassium can improve sleep efficiency and help to curb any annoying nighttime disturbances.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How to overcome sleep anxiety – so you can drop off without worry MORE : No sex and knackered or the secret to spicing up your relationship? What it’s like to sleep separately from your other half MORE : How should you sleep when pregnant and should you lie on your back?