A second Scottish independence referendum will take place next year, the SNP has claimed. Angus Robertson, MSP for Edinburgh Central, says his party plans ask Scots for their verdict in October 2023. The senior minister told Radio Scotland: ‘The First Minister made clear yesterday that she intends to make an announcement to the Scottish Parliament in the forthcoming weeks about a route map towards a referendum which we intend to hold next October. ‘I am fully content that with the prospectus beginning to be rolled out, with the announcement that will follow on the route map on how that is going to be achieved, that we have a perfectly adequate window of opportunity both for legislation to be passed, for the opportunity for the people to scrutinise the prospectus that the Scottish Government will publish.’ Questions have loomed over whether the UK Government would allow for a second vote. While Prime Minister, David Cameron previously agreed to a Section 30 Order request ahead of 2014’s indyref vote, which saw a temporary transfer of powers to allow for the referendum. Mr Robertson today said he felt ‘no reason’ for the UK Government to deny Scotland the chance to hold another vote. The senior minister’s comments came after nationalists were told such a vote shouldn’t take place for another 25 years. Nicola Sturgeon yesterday kicked off a new campaign for another vote with the release of a document laying out the economic and social differences between Scotland and other European countries, attributing the deficit to not having the full powers of an independent country. And, as she told the prime minister to ‘be a democrat’, she claimed that, if the UK government respected democracy, it would grant a section 30 order allowing a legally binding referendum to be held, as happened in 2014. Mr Johnson reacted by saying the Scottish people had already made their views known at the 2014 referendum. And one of his ministers, Commons leader Mark Spencer, later told MPs a time gap of nearer 25 years is required before the matter should be considered again. Referring to former first minister Alex Salmond’s comments ahead of the 2014 referendum that it was a ‘once in a generation opportunity’, Mr Spence said: ‘Once in a generation, I think, is certainly not five years, ‘I think that would be more nearer to 25 years before it should be considered again.’ Ms Sturgeon promised a ‘significant update’ in the near future on how such a vote could be held without the powers being granted by Westminster. She said Holyrood has a ‘decisive majority’ of MSPs in favour of independence, arguing that, as a result, the Scottish parliament therefore has an ‘indisputable democratic mandate’. The first minister conceded the right of the Scottish parliament to legislate for a referendum was ‘contested’, adding she remains open to negotiations with the UK government on granting of the necessary powers. ‘I stand ready to negotiate a section 30 order, if you decide you now are a democrat,’ she said, addressing Mr Johnson directly during a press conference at Bute House in Edinburgh. ‘I have to say, the evidence of that up to date is not promising, but I’ll set out what we do in those circumstances if he continues to deny democracy very soon.’ But Ms Sturgeon also said the Scottish government would have to look for a way to hold another vote if such an order was not forthcoming from the UK government. ‘My duty, as the democratically elected first minister, is to the people of Scotland, it is not to Boris Johnson or to any Tory prime minister,’ she said. ‘This is a UK government that has no respect for democracy. ‘That means, if we are to uphold democracy here in Scotland, we must forge a way forward, if necessary, without a section 30 order.’ Speaking to reporters in Staffordshire, Mr Johnson said: ‘I think the decision was taken by the Scottish people only a few years ago, in recent memory. ‘I think we should respect that.’ The presiding officer of the Scottish parliament also chastised the Scottish government after yesterday’s launch was announced to the press before Holyrood was alerted. Alison Johnstone said the announcement should have been made in the chamber first ‘as a matter of courtesy’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.