James Corden is reportedly returning back to the UK once The Late Late Show concludes next year. The 43-year-old actor has hosted the late night US programme since 2015 but will bow out in 2023 after agreeing to a one-year extension. Confirming his exit, he said: ‘It’s been a really hard decision to leave because I’m so immensely proud of the show. I’m thrilled to be extending [for a year]. I always thought I’d do it for five years and then leave and then I stayed on. ‘I’ve really been thinking about it for a long time, thinking whether there might be one more adventure.’ However, according to reports, the Gavin and Stacey star is ‘excited’ to be closer to his family after fronting the popular show for eight years. Ben Turner – who is the co-founder of James’ production company firm Fulwell 73 – told Variety:  ‘[Corden] has just got so many strings to his bow, and Late [Late Show] is a big commitment that’s taken up so much of his time. ‘We’re just really excited about having him back in the UK, and all the stuff that that entails, but it is a big moment for us.’ When asked if he’ll now return to the UK with his wife and children, the Cats actor said: ‘It’s something we think about and we talk about a lot but we haven’t really made a decision on that yet. That’s the life side of things which we’ll figure out. I love living here. ‘I love everything it’s given. My family and I have never taken this incredible adventure for granted. Every day I drive down Sunset to work and I just think I’m from High Wycombe.’ CBS President and CEO George Cheeks praised James’ achievements hosting the popular talk show, and said: ‘Seven years ago, James Corden came to the U.S. and took television by storm, with huge creative and comedic swings that resonated in a big way with viewers on-air and online.’ James has promised devoted viewers that he will exit the show in style. ‘There is going to be Carpools, and Crosswalks, and sketches and other surprises,’ he said. ‘And there will be tears. There will be so many tears. Cause this has been the hardest decision I’ve ever had to make, it really has.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to James Corden’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Adam Sandler’s new Netflix film Hustle gives him career-best score on Rotten Tomatoes MORE : Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson stun in PDA-packed holiday snaps on ‘beach for 2’ 