If you’re a Harry Styles fan then get excited, because the first look at his movie, My Policeman, is here and the release date is fast approaching. The As It Was hitmaker is taking the entertainment industry by storm right now, what with his mega-successful album Harry’s House hitting number one and his upcoming thriller, Don’t Worry Darling, already pleasing critics. But that isn’t the only film Harry has coming out this year, as LGBTQ+ drama My Policeman is expected in November. Starring opposite The Crown’s Emma Corrin, Harry takes on the role of Tom Burgess, who is gay. Set in Brighton in 1957, when homosexuality is illegal, policeman Tom dates a schoolteacher named Marion (Emma). But, he also embarks on a secret romance with a museum curator named Patrick Hazelwood, who is played by David Dawson. In the powerful story of forbidden love, we get an insight into what life was like for gay men in the 50s, as Tom married Marion and suppresses his true feelings, ultimately, leaving Patrick’s life in ruins. My Policeman will jump between the 50s, when the love triangle in full force, and 40 years later, when an older Tom (Linus Roache) and Patrick (Rupert Everett) are reunited when Patrick suffers a stroke and Marion (Gina McKee) agrees to take him under their wing. In pictures released by Amazon Prime Video, the two stills give us a teaser of the drama that’s to come. One shot shows Tom, Marion and Patrick in a museum, presumably where Patrick works, as he shows a piece of art to them while the couple listen intently. For costumes, Harry dons a super smart shirt and tie get up, with his famously unruly hair well and truly slicked back. Another, more joyful shot, shows Tom and Marion swimming in a public pool, leaning on the side and chatting. One of the first things fans are likely to notice is the absence of Harry’s extensive tattoo collection, which he has covered in make-up for film roles and has previously joked that it’s the only time he regrets getting inked. Thankfully, there isn’t long to wait until we can watch the film in all its glory – and we still have the trailer to look forward to. My Policeman will be released by Amazon into theatres in the US and UK on October 21 and will start streaming worldwide November 4. The heartfelt story took eight years to be brought to the screen, as it is based on a book of the same name, written by Bethan Roberts in 2012. After being directed by Michael Grandage, former One Direction star Harry has already been tipped for an Oscar for his role, and it’s wild to believe he only made his acting debut in 2017 in Christopher Nolan’s Dunkirk. Expressing his excitement about Harry’s casting, Michael told Vanity Fair: ‘Because he hasn’t done much, he hasn’t developed the ability to work out tricks or even lie. He can only do it truthfully and as he knows it.’ Sharing that he sees a resemblance between Harry and Albert Finney or Tom Courtenay, he added: ‘They just bring themselves to the role, and it seems to be very uncomplicated in the way they achieve it and Harry had that.’ My Policeman hits cinemas and streams this autumn. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Cattrall to feature in her first non-binary love scene in Queer As Folk reboot MORE : Jeremy Clarkson hates hugging Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? contestants because his ‘genitals are perilously close to theirs’ 