A restaurant chef and waiter have been sacked after being caught ‘kissing, hugging, groping and fondling’ each other in front of customers and a delivery driver. Rumyana Ilieva was sexually intimate with a male colleague ‘behind the counter, in a customer-facing area on a number of occasions’ at Great Grill House in Clerkenwell, London. The most serious incident saw her ‘quickly adjust her undergarments and attend to a customer without washing her hands’, a tribunal heard. After a Deliveroo driver spotted this, owner Ms Giagoumi checked CCTV footage to find there had been two other shocking incidents. No clothes were removed and there was no sexual intercourse, the panel was told. They were both sacked – but Ms Ilieva has now won an unfair dismissal case as her boss did not follow the proper procedure for dismissal. Unfortunately for her, she will not receive a penny of compensation after it was ruled she would have been fired anyway. Ms Giagoumi sent Ms Ilieva and the waiter an invite to a meeting the morning after she discovered the CCTV, and fired them after Ms Ilieva accepted that there was an ‘incident of sexual intimacy’. But the tribunal found that the boss believed Ms Ilieva to be guilty of misconduct, in spite of not carrying out a proper investigation. She hadn’t followed the correct disciplinary procedure as she hadn’t explained the purpose of the meeting in advance and held it with both Ms Ilieva and the waiter there at the same time. No notes were taken and her decision was not sent to them in writing, while they were also not informed they had the right to appeal. As a result of these factors, employment Judge Sean Connolly ruled Ms Ilieva was unfairly dismissed. But – even if the correct process had been followed – the termination of her contract was ‘inevitable’, he said. ‘The Tribunal has no hesitation in finding that that conduct was blameworthy.. This behaviour was clearly not appropriate in a work environment and took place on more than one occasion’, he said. ‘On this basis, the Tribunal finds that the basic and compensatory awards should be reduced by 100% to reflect [Ms Ilieva’s] culpability.’ Ms Ilieva was awarded £902.04 in unpaid wages. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.