Love Island viewers are starting to notice just how much Davide Sanclimenti appears to be on the mind of Luca Bish after the Italian entered as the first bombshell of the season. Davide picked to couple up with Gemma Owen on Tuesday night, after she was initially put with Liam Llewellyn by the public. The pair were sent off on their first date in the latest instalment, where they got to chat outside the villa while making lemonade together (nope, not a euphemism). However, while all eyes were on the new couple, fans were picking up on some tension between Davide and Luca, who is currently coupled up with Paige Thorne. The boys didn’t seem to be bonding very well, but Luca kept mentioning Davide in conversation during the latest episode. This led fans to guess that he might actually be pretty fond of Davide, as they pointed out some apparent ’flirting’ going on. One wrote on Twitter: ‘The most genuine sexual chemistry in there is between Luca and Davide #LoveIsland.’ ‘Davide’s looks and Luca’s personality together would actually be the perfect man at this point #LoveIsland,’ said someone else. A fan added: ‘How is that Luca flirts more with Davide than Gemma does with Davide #LoveIsland.’ ‘Luca’s top 3 is Davide, Davide and Davide #LoveIsland,’ another quipped. A viewer shared: ‘Luca is obsessed with Davide #LoveIsland.’ ‘Luca needs to couple up with Davide, clearly, he’s the one that he truly wants to share a bed with,’ another cheekily wrote. Luca is currently in a pairing with paramedic Paige Thorne and revealed to viewers they’d touched ankles in their second night of sharing a bed. He expressed his hopes of something more going down, as they seem to be one of the happier duos voted for by the public, for now. But with a new pair of bombshells, Afia Tonkmore and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu having just entered the villa, will any of the current couples end up at risk of breaking apart? Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Liam Llewellyn scores double dates with new bombshells Afia Tonkmor and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu MORE : How does Love Island’s Luca Bish know Patsy Palmer? Their relationship explained 