A lot of strange things have apparently been ‘spotted’ on Mars since we started sending missions to explore the mysterious world. Nasa has sent four Martian rovers to the Red Planet, including Curiosity which landed on its surface in 2012 and continues to traverse it. Alien hunters have closely analysed many images and made extraordinary claims during this time. Some swear to have seen signs of life on the planet, including human bones, secret doorways, a Star Trek logo and even a giant mouse. Statue of ‘elephant-like creature Scott Waring, a self-proclaimed alien researcher, took to the UFO Sightings Daily website to claim he had found a statue of an ‘elephant-like creature’ on Mars. He had been intently studying an image of the Red Planet’s surface when he spotted something strange between the rock formations. He claimed it was ‘proof of life on Mars, without a doubt’, but there has been no official confirmation. Doorway found on Mars In May, a picture of a perfectly carved out doorway had people thinking there might be little men on Mars. after all. Images from Nasa’s Curiosity rover showed an intriguing feature which resembled a doorway nestled in the rocks on the Martian landscape. But many people online pointed out the door was likely just a shear fracture — the result of some strain on the rock, breaking part of it off. ‘Dildo’ discovered on rocky surface In February, an interesting-looking rock was compared to a dildo. Freelance space writer Paul Scott Anderson shared the image taken by the Curiosity rover on Twitter. That’s when someone pointed out it could just be a sex toy left behind by a careless Martian. Human bones A few reports emerged in 2020, claiming a human femur may have been seen on the surface of the Red Planet. In fact, this was a picture snapped way back in 2014 by Curiosity. Somehow it resurfaced as ‘proof’ creatures once walked the surface of Mars. Star Trek vs Star Wars In 2019, Nasa uncovered one of the most interesting features on Mars to date – the Star Trek logo. It was spotted in a dune on the Red Planet by Nasa’s Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, which has been scanning the surface since 2006. Star Trek legend William Shatner took a dig at rival sci-fi franchise Star Wars with a tweet referencing the photo. A Star Destroyer from Star Wars was apparently later spotted on the Red Planet in 2015. Stick-like figures In 2018, ‘stick-like figures’ were found on the Red Planet. Sadly, the figures were only markings etched onto a rock rather than being tall, thin alien creatures. The Curiosity Rover discovered the marks, prompting Nasa to tweet: ‘Each is about a quarter-inch long. ‘Maybe they’re crystals? Or they could be minerals that filled spaces where crystals dissolved away. Stay tuned!’ Spoonman In 2016, a ‘spoon’ was spotted by an eagle-eyed viewer in images of the Red Planet’s sand-like surface. The video was uploaded to YouTube by an account named ‘UFO Hunter’ – who speculated that the spoon could have been ‘left over from a lost civilisation’. However, as thrilling as all this sounds, the more likely explanation is it’s an odd spoon-shaped bit of regular Mars landscape. Giant mouse In 2015, an oversized ‘mouse’ was spotted on Mars by ArtAlienTV, who said: ‘It may be an optical illusion but it has big ears, nose and eyes visible. It resembles a very large mouse or jerboa in appearance.’ Of course, there are many oddly shaped rocks on Mars, but we can’t deny that this one resembled a large rodent. In 2015, Nasa’s Curiosity rover also captured images of what seemed to be a perfectly-formed pyramid on Mars and, unsurprisingly, conspiracy theorists were excited. The pyramid was around the size of a car, and the sensible explanation is that it was a rock formation which formed a pyramidal shape by chance. Giant penis drawn on surface Last but not least, in 2015, one of the Mars Exploration Rovers drew a giant penis on the Red Planet’s surface. An image posted on a Nasa website appeared to show one of Spirit’s or Opportunity’s tyre tracks, leaving a very appendage-looking impression in the Martian dust. One person wrote: ‘Oh god yes! My respect for Nasa was already super high, but now it just hit space.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.