WWE legend Paige has confirmed she will leave the company next month more than four years after announcing her in-ring retirement. The 29-year-old superstar hasn’t wrestled since teaming with Mandy Rose and Sonya Deville against Sasha Banks, Bayley and Mickie James in December 2017, during which she suffered a devastating neck injury before retiring four months later. In a lengthy statement this week, she said: ‘Paige here! July 7th will be the last day with WWE. I’m so thankful and I appreciate the opportunities that the company has given me. ‘I will always be appreciative of the company that took in an 18-year-old British pale emo girl that didn’t look like your average diva, giving me the chance of a lifetime and making me feel like a superstar. ‘I know after my neck injury taking me out of in ring status, it was pretty hard to keep me around for as long as you did and for that I’m thankful too. ‘Thank you to the WWE Universe. You guys are the most passionate group of fans I’ve ever seen. Hope you continue to stay on this journey with me.’ The former Divas Champion – who first signed with the company in 2011 when she reported to Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW) – admitted she found it difficult to be leaving her WWE moniker behind. ‘I think the toughest part weirdly enough is having to let the Paige name go! But Saraya is helluva name. Kudos to my mum for that one,’ she added. ‘FYI I’m not saying I’ll never be in the ring. That day will most certainly come again! Wherever the return maybe.’ Paige’s legacy is undeniable as she helped usher in a new era of women’s wrestling, inspiring a new generation of talent and providing them a platform to shine. The British-born grappler also saw her journey to the top immortalised in Stephen Merchant’s 2019 movie Fighting With My Family, which was produced by Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson – who also appears as himself in the movie – and starred the likes of Florence Pugh, Lena Headey and Nick Frost. Fans will now be eagerly awaiting her next move. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : John Cena reveals Vince McMahon’s very blunt, foul-mouthed instruction before iconic WWE debut MORE : WWE fans stunned by Vince McMahon’s lookalike grandson at graduation with uncle Triple H 