The way our homes are designed doesn’t always correlate with how we use them, which sometimes limits decor choices. One issue that commonly comes up is a lack of plug sockets. If, for example, you have two electrical outlets in the corner of a room, you either have to faff around with extension cables or put all your appliances nearby – and that’s far from ideal. This ingenious hack is perfect for anyone who has that problem, allowing you to create ambient lighting without needing to consider cords and wires. TikToker Home With Eman shared how she revamped her room, using LED lights and adapters for wall-mounted spotlights and no rewiring required. In a video titled ‘How to add lighting to any area without electricity!’ Eman showed how she installed the light fittings without connecting them to the mains. She sticks a Command strip to a battery-operated puck light, which she then attaches to a PVC screw-top adapter. This allowed her to screw the light securely into the fitting, turning it on and off with the included remote control. Not only does this hack allow you to brighten up darker areas of your home, it also means you can control all your LEDs with one remote – all without having to get up and flick a wall switch. It works with most standard lamps and light fittings, and you can also use the wireless bulbs in cupboards or under kitchen cabinets for an extra boost. Fancy giving it a go? Here’s how: First, you’ll need a light to work your magic on. Go for something with a dark-coloured or opaque shade, as you don’t want your hack to be too obvious. Next, you need your puck lights. We like these £14.99 options from Amazon, which are dimmable and remote controlled. Running on AAA batteries, you can go for rechargeable options to cut down on your costs and produce less waste. Next, take a small 3M Command strip and place this on the back of the light, before sticking another one to your adapter. The one you need will depend on the lamp you go for, but any suitable socket converter will work. These, from Amazon, fit an E27 socket. Place your sticky strip on the end of the adapter, then stick your adapter and LED bulb together. Once you’ve screwed the adapter into your fixture (make sure it’s turned off) you’re good to go. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Signs you’re in a ‘two-year slump’ at work – and how to get through it MORE : Luxury £180,000,000 cruise ship sails into UK waters for first time