Falling asleep in two minutes sounds like a dream. We all know that one person who falls asleep seconds after their head hits the pillow, but for most of us, it’s not that simple. It takes 10-20 minutes on average for people to fall asleep at night. But if you are anxious, stressed or overwhelmed, it can often take much longer. So, could this viral trend help us fall asleep within minutes? The trick, made popular by Younger You Doc, involves finding a spot on the inside of the wrist and rubbing it in a circular motion for two to three minutes until you fall to sleep. The trick has boomed in popularity since the TikTok ‘doctor’, who claims to be teaching people how to become the youngest version of themselves, shared it in May. Replying to comments on his video, Younger You Doc explains that ‘the wrist spot is an acupressure spot that has come up in several studies.’ In traditional Chinese medicine, the name of the pressure point is called the Heart 7 Point or Shenmen, which translates to ‘gate of the spirit’. The exact pressure point can be found in the crease of your wrist, in line with the space between your ring and pinkie finger. Reflexologists claim that applying gentle pressure to this spot can help against anxiety, insomnia, heart palpitations, and depression. ‘Acupressure is a traditional Chinese medicine practice that is based on the idea that a blockage or disturbance in the flow of the body’s energy can cause health issues,’ says Dreams Sleep expert, Sammy Margo. ‘It’s similar to acupuncture but without ever going past the surface of the skin. ‘Instead of using needles to reset pressure points, acupressure is all about massaging those same pressure points without intrusion. ‘How your body responds to acupressure depends upon the pressure points you focus on. It may aid restful sleep overall, so it’s definitely worth a try, but it might not work for everyone.’ In the video Younger You Doc also shared tips on increasing mobility and decreasing stress. He suggests rubbing your jaw muscles for 30-60 seconds to improve mobility. ‘We end up using the jaw for motor control and create a Neuro pattern where we clench our jaw for strength, and eventually, the jaw stays overused,’ he explained in the video’s comment section. To reduce stress, he recommends placing an ice pack on the chest to ‘stimulate the vagus nerve’, which will force the body to relax.’ The TikTok doctor now has over 102K followers on the video-sharing platform, with over 497.7K likes across his videos in which he shares health hacks, body tricks and anti-ageing tips. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Refresh your sleep space for spring with these beautiful bedding sets MORE : How to overcome sleep anxiety – so you can drop off without worry MORE : These seven superfoods could help you get a better night’s sleep