Woody Allen announced that he is considering walking away from his film career in a bizarre interview with Alec Baldwin that fans branded a ‘trainwreck’. The 30 Rock actor confirmed that he would be hosting a live chat with the controversial director – who has been accused of sexually abusing his adopted daughter, Dylan Farrow, when she was a child. While he has always strongly denied the allegations, the scandal has plagued his career ever since. Baldwin spoke to the filmmaker on Instagram Live earlier today, in an interview littered with tech issues – but steered clear of bringing up any of the claims against him. Instead, they stuck to topics including the film industry and Allen’s memoir, Apropos of Nothing. ‘I’ll probably make at least one more movie. A lot of the thrill is gone,’ the Vicky, Cristina, Barcelona director declared at one point. ‘When I used to do a film it’d go into a movie house all across the country. ‘Now you do a movie and you get a couple weeks in a movie house. Maybe six weeks or four weeks and then it goes right to streaming or pay-per-view…It’s not the same…It’s not as enjoyable to me. ‘I don’t get the same fun doing a movie and putting it in a theater. ‘It was a nice feeling to know that 500 people were seeing it once… I don’t know how I feel about making movies. I’m going to make another one and I’ll see how it feels.’ Allen explained that he will be filming another movie in Paris this year, but did not go into detail about it. Viewers who tuned into the interview were baffled by the scenes, questioning Baldwin’s decision to give the filmmaker a platform following the allegations. Comments were initially turned off for the chat, leaving many to discuss the interview on Twitter, describing the scenes as a ‘trainwreck’. ‘Alec Baldwin is interviewing Woody Allen on Instagram live. What a hurricane,’ one commented.’ Another questioned: ‘Why are we still giving Woody Allen a platform to talk?’ ‘Alec Baldwin is on IG live about to host Woody Allen  this is my last straw,’ a Twitter user added. Baldwin confirmed the interview on Monday, sharing the news on Instagram. ‘Let me preface this by stating that I have ZERO INTEREST in anyone’s judgments and sanctimonious posts here,’ he commented. ‘I am OBVIOUSLY someone who has my own set of beliefs and COULD NOT CARE LESS about anyone else’s speculation. ‘If you believe that a trial should be conducted by way of an HBO documentary, that’s your issue.’ Baldwin is currently facing various lawsuits about the fatal shooting on the set of his film Rust in October, 2021. In a shocking incident, he accidentally discharge a gun during a rehearsal, fatally wounding cinematographer Halyna Hutchins and sending director Joel Souza to hospital. The actor insisted that he was not aware that the gun contained a live round. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Travis Scott confirmed for first concert in UK after Astroworld tragedy MORE : Lizzo admits her naked photos have caused friction with her family who told her to ‘put some clothes on’ 