Lizzo has revealed she and Live Nation have pledged to donate $1million (£815,000) from her upcoming tour to Planned Parenthood. The singer, 34, took to social media to reveal she was donating $500,000 (£408,000) from her tour proceeds, which will be matched by the same donation from Live Nation, after the ruling was decided. On Friday, the Supreme Court in the US overturned the landmark Roe vs Wade decision from 50 years ago, which guaranteed abortion rights across the country. Lizzo tweeted: ‘I’m pledging $500k from my upcoming tour to Planned Parenthood. Live Nation agreed to match— to make it 1 MILLION dollars. We are going to give proceeds to @AbortionFunds as well! Thank you!’ She added: ‘Black women & women of colour have historically had disproportionately less access to family planning resources— this is a great loss but not a new one. ‘Go to http://lizzolovesyou.com to donate, sign the Bans Off My Body petition and sign up to volunteer and take action. ‘The most important thing is action & loud voices. @PPFA @AbortionFunds & organisations like them— will need funding to continue offering services to people who are most harmed by this ban.’ Planned Parenthood is a non-profit organisation that provides reproductive healthcare in the US and globally, while the National Network of Abortion Funds helps to break down financial and logistical barriers to abortion access. The overturning of Roe v. Wade means abortion rights be determined by states, unless Congress acts. It’s also expected to disproportionately affect minorities and people of colour, who already often face limited access to healthcare. With Roe overturned, individual states are responsible to determine how they will regulate abortions. Thirteen states have so-called trigger laws in place that take immediate effect once Roe is struck down that ban or severely limit access to abortion, and another half-dozen states have near total bans on terminating a pregnancy after six weeks, which is often before many people know they are pregnant. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Disability charity praises Lizzo for helping us move ‘one step further towards equal society’ after ‘ableist’ lyric change in GRRRLS MORE : Ex-Gogglebox star Tom Malone Jr diagnosed with autism aged 28 after ‘always feeling a bit different’ 