A grandma is defying an order to cut back the bushes in her front garden after her local council ruled they were ‘a health and safety’ hazard. Becky Curtis regularly gets admiring comments from neighbours and passers-by who are impressed by the shrubs outside her grade two listed home in Dedham, Essex. Plenty of rain in recent weeks has seen the foliage flourish and as a result, the plants have spilled over the 84-year-old’s 30-inch high wall and onto the pavement. Becky, who was born in her 18th-century home, insists there is still a three-foot gap which allows people to use the path without a problem. But Dedham parish council disagrees and has ruled Becky’s balotta, acanthus and choiysa are a potential danger and need to be cut back. In a letter, the parish council clerk said ‘various complaints’ had been received about vegetation ‘encroaching on to the pavement’. It read: ‘Please can you cut back the overhanging vegetation so as not to obstruct the pavement for pedestrians. Thank you for your co-operation with this.’ But Becky, who is a long-standing member of the Dedham Horticultural Society, is resisting the demand with the support of many villagers. She fears that any large-scale pruning will deprive bumble bees of her two giant balotta’s flowers when they bloom later this summer. Becky said she always cuts the balotta back as hard as she can every Autumn and doesn’t see why she should act any differently this year. ‘We must do what we can to help the bees,’ she said. ‘I was quite taken aback to receive the letter saying the council had received complaints. ‘They didn’t say how many complaints. I guess it might only have been one person. ‘I spoke to a lady from the council, and she told me that I had to comply as it was a health and safety issue.’ Becky said she had been told someone with two children, a pushchair and a dog might find it difficult to pass the bushes but said the more she thought about cutting them back ‘the less I wanted to do it’. ‘It will just look horrible if I cut it back now, so I am going to leave it for the moment,’ she added. ‘I don’t want to do anything unless I am absolutely forced to. I don’t want to make the village look dreary.’ Becky a widowed mum of two with five grandchildren, grew up in her historic home before moving away and returning around 50-years-ago said she had received lots of support. ‘Everyone I have spoken to is absolutely supportive and believes that the council is talking rubbish,’ she said. ‘I am a bit stuck because the council will be furious if I do nothing, and if I cut it back then people will say, “Why did you do that?”‘ Located in ‘Constable Country’ Dedham receives lots of tourists who flock to the area to take in the scenery which inspired the painter John Constable. Becky said tourists were always very complimentary of her garden, which also features a magnificent display of the wisteria. ‘People always stop and ask me about the garden, and want to know the names of the plants,’ Becky said. ‘Most people seem to think it is very nice.’ Dedham parish council clerk Carol Harbach insisted that the council was entitled to take action over pavement blockages but was unable to comment on what enforcement action could be taken. In a statement, the council said: ‘We have received a number of complaints by other residents and we don’t ask people unless it is a health and safety matter. ‘We are obliged as a council to undertake these requests to cut back vegetation when it is overgrown. ‘It is something which is obstructing the footpath and we have an obligation to deal with hedges and keep the footpath safe.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.