‘Fuming’ Prince Andrew is refusing to socialise with Prince Charles and Prince William after they blocked his royal comeback, it’s claimed. ‘Battle lines were drawn’ when the future kings ‘stopped’ the Duke of York from attending public parts of the Knights of the Garter ceremony last week. He was planning on going to Royal Ascot this week, but is believed to have pulled out after the Queen agreed it was for the best amid fears of public backlash. The Royal Family’s summer get-away at Balmoral is allegedly under threat as a result of the friction between Andrew and his brother and nephew. There are fears he will not join the occasion, or if he does, that it will be awkward. Andrew reportedly believes he can resurrect his royal career, but he has apparently been named ‘deluded’ by palace sources. ‘Andrew is desperate to rebuild his life and wants his titles back’, a source told The Sun. ‘But he is fuming with Charles and William for stopping his plans. He doesn’t want to talk to them. ‘Battle lines have been drawn and this has put a cloud over Balmoral in the summer.’ It comes after the duke paid a rumoured £12 million settlement to a woman who accused him of sexually assaulting her after she was trafficked by sex offender Jeffrey Epstein Virginia Giuffre alleged the duke sexually abused her when she was 17, but Andrew repeatedly denied all claims. Another ‘insider’ this week claimed that the duke’s decision to stay away from Ascot has given his relatives hope that he has finally accepted the situation. The disgraced 62-year-old is said to have opted ‘without fuss’ not to attend the races. His ex-wife Sarah Ferguson recently jumped to his defence, naming him a ‘good and kind man’. Asked if she would marry him again if she could go back and do things differently, Ms Ferguson replied: ‘Oh yes. It was an exceptional day, the 23rd of July 1986. ‘I think my life is an amazing life. I think I’ve been very lucky. And I am now just beginning my life again. And I think it’s pretty cool to be able to say that.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Andrew for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.