Home secretary Priti Patel has signed an order to extradite Julian Assange to the US to face espionage charges. The Home Office has confirmed it will seek to send the Wikileaks founder to America, where he faces life in prison, after a lengthy court battle. He is being held in a high security unit at Belmarsh prison and has been in custody since his eviction from the Ecuadorean embassy in 2019. The Australian national sought refuge in the country’s London HQ in 2012 to avoid being sent to Sweden to sexual assault allegations. Mr Assange, who has always strenuously denied any wrongdoing, claimed the charges were a pretext to send him to the US. Prosecutors in the states say his high profile leaks of classified material put lives at risk and amounted to espionage, a charge which would carry a life sentence. To Mr Assange’s supporters, the long-running effort to have him sent to prison is a politically motivated attack on freedom of expression. His lawyers have argued the conditions he would be subjected to in a US jail amount to torture and extradition should be blocked because it would breach his human rights, as well as putting him at risk of suicide. Despite early successes, subsequent court cases overturned findings in the 50-year-old’s favour, paving the way for today’s development. Mr Assange now has two weeks to appeal the extradition order and could yet take his case all the way to the UK Supreme Court. Wikileaks called the news ‘a dark day for press freedom and British democracy’ and confirmed the order will be appealed. A statement posted on Twitter read: ‘Today is not the end of the fight. It is only the beginning of a new legal battle. We will appeal through the legal system.’ MORE : ‘Ailing’ Julian Assange’s fiancée says he was ‘locked up with killers like Wayne Couzens’ A spokesperson for the department said: ‘On 17 June, following consideration by both the Magistrates Court and High Court, the extradition of Mr Julian Assange to the US was ordered. Mr Assange retains the normal 14-day right to appeal. ‘In this case, the UK courts have not found that it would be oppressive, unjust or an abuse of process to extradite Mr Assange. ‘Nor have they found that extradition would be incompatible with his human rights, including his right to a fair trial and to freedom of expression, and that whilst in the US he will be treated appropriately, including in relation to his health.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.