Love Island viewers were lost for words after Luca Bish called Gemma Owen out after she complained that they were ‘married off’ already. The 19-year-old international dressage rider had told the girls that she felt that the fishmonger was being a little too keen and that his persistence was putting her off. So, naturally, Gemma pulled Luca for a chat to air her feelings… and little were we all expecting the clanger that he was about to drop. ‘You’ve probably noticed I am being a little bit off the last day,’ she told him. ‘What initially attracted me to you is that you didn’t give a sh*t but I’ve seen a different side to you, which I do like but I don’t want to feel that’s us two married off now and that’s it.’ Luca replied: ‘Why are we married off?’ He then shared his theory that he believes Gemma is only feeling this way because she wasn’t picked for a date by newcomers Jay Younger and Remi Lambert and he did not mince his words. ‘Because two boys came in and gave you no attention?’ he quipped. SAVAGE! Unsurprisingly, viewers’ jaws were dropped by the clap back and they wasted no time in flooding social media with memes. ‘NAH DID LUCA JUST CALL HER OUT LIKE THAT,’ one screamed. Echoing a similar sentiment, another said: ‘LUCA BE SAYING EXACTLY WHAT WE ALL THINKING YESSS IM LIVING FOR THIS!’ Elsewhere in tonight’s episode, Davide Sanclimenti confronted Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu about where she had been after she and Jay had been secretly kissing on the terrace. Their conversation quickly got heated though, with Ekin responding: ‘Why do people care about where I am?’ ‘Oh so you care about me now?’ she continued. ‘You want to know where I am?’ After Ekin-Su complained Davide doesn’t show her enough affection, he insisted he had no intention of giving her ‘fake love’ after two days and suggested she should look elsewhere. The conversation was cut short, however, when Ekin-Su stormed off and insisted she didn’t want to speak anymore, before branding him ‘a p****’. Love Island airs Friday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 