The Feeling singer Dan Gillespie Sells says his feelings – no pun intended – about the Pride flag are ‘complex’, but actually, they aren’t. The Everybody’s Talking About Jamie co-creator dreams of a time when the LGBTQ+ community no longer needs to use the flag as a symbol of their right to equality because, in this reality, they would have achieved it. It’s that simple. However, with the flag becoming such an ingrained part of the fight, would it be that easy to let go? This year marks the 50th anniversary of Pride Month, an event held annually for members of the queer community and their allies to celebrate their identities, accomplishments, and reflect on the struggle for equality. Perhaps at the heart of it all is the Pride flag, also known as the rainbow flag, which has become a well-known symbol of gay pride. It began with the traditional colours of the rainbow but, in 2022, now has various versions to truly represent the diverse family the LGBTQ+ groups have become. According to Queer In The World, there are currently more than 50 flags you might spot, though the number isn’t fixed as there may be multiple designs and variations for any particular flag. For example, there’s now the More Color More Pride flag, which was created in 2017 to add black and brown colour strips to the top of the flag. The aim was to create a more inclusive flag and recognise people of colour in the LGBTQ+ community. The progress flag has also become a popular symbol, created by designer Daniel Quasar, who identifies as queer and non-binary, in 2018, to place a greater emphasis on ‘inclusion and progression’. Some also use the bisexual and transgender flags to represent their identity. While The Feeling singer Dan, who is openly gay, understands the importance of the Pride flags, he also recognises that they are used to represent the struggle for equality, a cause which he naturally wants to be resolved. ‘I have a complex relationship with flags. It’s something that needs nuance,’ Dan told Metro.co.uk last month to support the release of The Feeling’s new album Loss Hope Love. He explained: ‘I dream of a time when we all get to put our flags down. I understand the necessity of the flag because it’s almost a weapon of war, it’s a weapon of struggle. You put a flag up because you need to state your ground and to claim a territory. ‘But I dream of a time in the future where we don’t need flags, even. Where humans are just treated as humans regardless of where they’re from and what their sexuality is and what their gender is. There’s a dream I have in my head which is that we have to remember what we’re fighting for.’ The Feeling’s latest album features the track Love People, with lyrics including: ‘Love is power, love is feeble / People falter but I love people / And I will fight for the thoughtful souls / With epic struggles and humble goals.’ Expanding on the line, Dan said: ‘It’s a lyric in one of the songs, “Oh, what a day when the flags come down”, and I’m referring to the ultimate dream which is that identity becomes something we can let go of and we don’t have to cling onto it in order to be able to fight back because we’re not being attacked anymore. ‘That’s the dream.’ Ellie Jones, founder and CEO of Channel Island-based LGBTQ+ charity Liberate, understands where Dan is coming from with regard to his vision for the future of the flag, but also sees how it unites the community. ‘Flags are a symbol of unity and support or membership but I can see how some might see it as a symbol of charging into war,’ she explained. ‘If you look back on the origins of the flag, it was created because it was asked to be created by Harvey Milk to represent that symbol of community for people. I love the way it has evolved over time and people pick the version of the rainbow flag that either they love or that means the most to or represents them.’ Ali Hannah, CEO of Creative Equals, an inclusion consultancy which transforms workplace cultures, feels Dan’s dream may sadly be far off as she said: ‘We see so much performative “rainbow-washing” within businesses who sadly don’t follow through with any real commitment… ‘Token gestures simply will not deliver the sustained and strategic interventions that are required.’ Steven Braines from HE.SHE.THEY., who is pansexual, sees longevity in the Pride flags and knows what it’s like to feel unseen. He told us: ‘I love the progress flag – I think it addresses a lot of the problems the community has with most queer spaces being centred around white, cis, gay male and that makes a lot of people feel marginalised. ‘I’m often, as a pansexual, made to feel not gay enough, or that my face doesn’t fit as I’m not a twink or a bear, I’m a goth-chav if anything!’ Steven added: ‘Being together under one flag means something. And indeed the original flag is still within that carries its value of each colour like life, nature, healing. ‘Flags have always offered a sense of pride and community, look at the Jubilee flag waving. I’m very proud to wave the progress flag this Pride for everyone who can’t around the world.’ The campaigner is looking forward to using his at HE.SHE.THEY’s Pride party which takes place at Fabric on July 2 with an inclusive line-up. While Dan’s ultimate goal for the Pride flag may be the endgame for most, there’s clearly still a great deal of work to do before the LGBTQ+ community feels they’ve achieved equality and more. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love, Victor cast celebrate Pride at 50 and what it means to them: ‘It’s about celebrating who you are’ MORE : Dear Megan Barton Hanson: How do me and my girlfriend find a strap-on that works for us?  