Victoria Beckham has shared a video of a sweet mother-and-daughter moment between her and Harper Seven. Mum-of-four Victoria shares Brooklyn, 21, Romeo, 19, Cruz, 17 and Harper, 10, with England footballer David Beckham. The couple dote over their youngest child – and only girl – Harper, as their older children prepare for adult life, with eldest son Brooklyn recently married to billionaire heiress Nicola Peltz. On Sunday, Victoria took to Insagram to share a sweet moment between her and her daughter, as Harper tried on some of her mum’s makeup. In the video, the pre-teen takes some of Victoria’s lipgloss and dabs it on her lips as she concentrates o the mirror. Mum Victoria, recording, asks: ‘What are you doing?’ A grinning Harper responds: ‘I’m putting your makeup on.’ ‘What are you putting on?’ Victoria asks. ‘It’s called posh gloss, and it’s Poolside,’ Harper says, dutifully calling out the name of Victoria’s own-brand makeup. As Harper beams into the mirror, Victoria asks if it’s her favourite colour, with Harper nodding. She captioned the sweet video: ‘Playing with mummy’s makeup,’ adding: ‘She learnt from the best! (And seven wears the [same] shade as mummy!)’ Victoria enjoyed some quality time with her daughter after the 10-year-old’s recent trip to Venice with her father, David. The pair took off to Italy together for one-on-one time, with David sharing a series of wholesome snaps and videos from their holiday abroad. Featuring trips on a gondola, ice cream for breakfast and poses on the sunlit streets, David captioned the posts: ‘Creating special memories with #HarperSeven.’ Victoria, watching from home, clearly thought the trip was the most wholesome thing ever as she commented: ‘I love u both soooo much!!! X special time with daddy is everything!!!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Boy George’s hell in first class after being made to wait for Victoria Beckham MORE : David and Victoria Beckham show off physical strength while going head to head in planking challenge – with daughter Harper cheering them on 