A man accused of killing and attempting to rape Zara Aleena as she walked home from a night out has appeared in court for the first time. Jordan McSweeney, 29, is charged with murdering the aspiring lawyer just minutes away from her home in Ilford, East London, in the early hours of Sunday. The defendant only spoke once to confirm his name and looked down as the charges were read out this afternoon. The court heard how Zara, 35, suffered traumatic injuries after she was punched in the back of the head shortly after 2am while walking along Cranbrook Road. Prosecutor Varinder Hayre said that McSweeney had also tried to carry out a sex attack on Zara and had stolen her mobile phone, her house keys and her handbag. The suspect wore a grey tracksuit to the short five-minute hearing, in which no plea was indicated. He was remanded in custody to attend the Old Bailey next month, on July 27. Zara’s family and friends were present in court and some broke down in tears as they heard details of the case. In a tribute released after her death, they described how she loved to walk everywhere and believed it was a woman’s right to do so without feeling unsafe. They said: ‘She put her party shoes in a bag and donned her trainers. She walked. ‘Zara believed that a woman should be able to walk home. Now, her dreams of a family are shattered, her future brutally taken.’ They called for more to be done to make the streets safer for women as they paid tribute to others who have been killed by strangers while out walking or running. They said: ‘Sadly, Zara is not the only one who has had her life taken at the hands of a stranger. We all know women should be safe on our streets. She was in the heart of her community, 10 minutes from home. ‘We all need to be talking about what happened to our Zara, we all need to be talking about this tragedy. ‘These last few days have been shocking and unimaginable. ‘In a savage, sickening, act she was killed by a stranger. She’s not the only woman who has lost her life like this. ‘In the moment of this tragedy, we extend our deepest sympathy and love to the families of Bibaa Henry; Nicole Smallman; Sarah Everard; Sabina Nessa; Ashling Murphy and many more women. ‘We must prevent and stop violence against women and girls.’ A vigil for Zara is set take place this Saturday, with mourners planning to walk from the site of her attack to her home about 10 minutes away. Attendees have been asked to wear white and to keep the mood ‘silent and sombre’ as they help to ‘bring her back to where she belonged safely’. Zara is the 16th woman in London and the 52nd woman in the UK to be killed by a man in 2022. Friends recalled her excitement as she asked to borrow high heels and some mascara for a night out that ended in tragedy. Jebina Nessa, whose sister Sabina was violently murdered by a stranger as she walked to the pub in Kidbrooke, south-east London last year, joined the calls for more to be done to end male violence against women. She said: ‘My heart goes out to her family. There are no words to describe the loss in such a way.’ Zara looked after her mother and grandmother and is remembered as the ‘rock of her family’ with ‘a carefree spirit’ and ‘the most caring heart’. She had just qualified as a lawyer, having dreamed of becoming one since she was five so she could provide for her family. Tributes have flooded in since her death from friends, family and neighbours. Her family said: ‘Zara was happy and at a point in her life when her joy was radiating and blossoming. ‘She was ready to make a family of her own. Her sense of justice and fairness led her to a life of giving and caring for others – supporting refugees fleeing violence, giving voice to those who had less power. ‘She had that special habit of noticing others in need and always put their needs on her agenda.’ In another heartbreaking tribute yesterday, Zara’s friend of 17 years Lisa Hodgson revealed that they were meant to be together over the weekend – but they had rearranged to meet next weekend. She shared the final texts they sent to each other, revealing Zara had told her on Friday: ‘Miss your beautiful face this weekend xx can’t wait to see you next weekend xxx’. Lisa said: ‘I am completely broken… I am shocked. I am angry. I feel sick to my stomach.’ The University of Westminster said Zara was a law graduate who last year gained a postgraduate diploma in legal practice. A spokeswoman said: ‘She was a warm, gentle and open young woman, popular with both staff and fellow students. She would often go out of her way to help others.’ Flowers and cards have also been left at the scene of the killing. One tribute said: ‘Best friend I could ever have asked for ..’ xxxx. I am going to miss everything about you, your smile, the way you bite your bottom lip when you were thinking, our nights out… eating burgers on a step, laughing about anything and everything.’ Scotland Yard said Zara was found badly beaten at about 2.44am on Sunday. Paramedics took her to hospital but she died of her injuries shortly afterwards. Her death has left some local women afraid to leave their homes. A significant police presence is expected to remain in the area where she was killed in the coming days. Chief Superintendent Stuart Bell said he understood the incident was ‘incredibly distressing’. He said: ‘Women should not have to change their behaviour and should be able to go about their business feeling safe any time of day or night and it is our job to ensure that happens. ‘Officers cannot be in all places at all times. We urge the community, especially women, to report any suspicious or unwanted behaviour or to seek help if you feel threatened.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.