BBC Three reality star Jasmine Burkitt has died aged 28, her heartbroken fiancé has confirmed. The television personality, known as Jazz, appeared in the channel’s documentary series Small Teen Big World and subsequent film Small Teen Bigger World over a decade ago. Jazz stood at 3ft 11ins and wanted to show the nation she was just like any other teen despite being born with dwarfism. She appeared in the documentaries alongside her mum Bev, who died in 2014. Paying tribute to his fiancée, Lewis Burke said of Jazz: ‘She is the most incredible human that ever walked this planet, she is the strongest, funniest, most kindest and purely decent person I’ve ever known. ‘I am truly devastated. She changed my life forever and I’ll never be the same.’ Jazz’s cause of death has not yet been confirmed. The BBC star cared for her mum, who also had restricted growth, from the age of 13. She stated that a key reason behind taking part in the documentary was for people to treat her as they would any other teenager, as opposed to ‘treating her like a doll and wanting to treat her like a baby’. Small Teen, Big World originally aired in July 2010 and was a one-hour long film. It was watched by 1.1 million viewers. The programme showed Jazz at home with mum Beverley, and her grandparents Norman and Margaret, as well as out shopping with her best friend. It explored what it’s like living with her condition while coping with the pressures of teenage life and caring for her mother, who also has respiratory problems. Jazz spoke openly about her struggles with mental health on her social media. In her last Instagram post, which was shared in Februrary, she wrote: ‘Sometimes when I’m sad I do my makeup even if I’m not going out, like escaping depression and using your face as a colouring book. ‘Today is alien vibes as I’m feeling very alienated from life after a night of horrific nightmares… Beam me up bitches, my body is ready.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 