Boris Johnson ‘flicked his finger’ at customers of a trendy east London restaurant after they booed him, according to reports. Enjoying some time away from scandal-hit Downing Street, the prime minister visited Morito in Hackney, where his son Theo reportedly works. But he apparently faced a less-than-warm reaction upon his arrival from fellow diners. His lunch was interrupted by heckles, to which the Tory leader responded with a ‘dismissive hand gesture and left the establishment’. ‘He flicked his finger at the customers when he got booed,’ a source told the Daily Mail. ‘It was horrible, it just created a nasty atmosphere.’ Reports of fresh boos for the PM comes after he was heckled at the Platinum Jubilee church service. The politician and his wife Carrie arrived to the sound of boos from the crowd. As they walked up the stairs of St Paul’s Cathedral, the couple did not seem alarmed or surprised by the reaction. This morning, Grant Shapps tried to downplay the extent of public opposition to Mr Johnson, who is battling with disastrous polls in the wake of partygate. The Cabinet minister told BBC’s Sophie Raworth ‘politicians do not expect to be popular all the time’ after she asked him why the PM was booed. ‘Well, there were also people cheering and you’re not asking me why they did that,’ he said. ‘You know, getting on with running the country is a job where you have to take difficult decisions a lot of the time. ‘I wasn’t there, but I heard people booing, I heard people cheering, I think it’s best to get on with the job at hand – running the country – rather than being overly distracted by the clips that you just played.’ Mr Johnson was again heckled at a concert in Her Majesty’s honour at Buckingham Palace. ‘I remember booing going on at the Olympic Games in 2012, it didn’t mean that the election wasn’t won in 2015,’ Mr Shapps said. ‘I think you’re rather overinterpreting, if you don’t mind me saying.’ Mr Shapps is not the only loyalist rushing to defend his boss. Nadine Dorries also leapt to his defence, insisting there were many more people cheering than booing at the thanksgiving service. ‘There were far, far more cheers, but that doesn’t make a good headline does it,’ she tweeted on Friday evening. Her bizarre tweet prompted a reaction poll by the newspaper, which resulted in 97.6% of users voting that the PM was booed – not cheered. Metro.co.uk has contacted Downing Street for a comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.