Nick Kyrgios called a line judge a ‘snitch’ who ‘has no fans’ in a furious rant during his first-round win over Great Britain’s Paul Jubb at Wimbledon 2022 and also claims he was racially abused by some members of the crowd. The Australian world No.40, who has a notorious reputation for his on-court behaviour as well as lashing out at tennis officials, exploded after world No.219 Jubb went 3-2 up in the first set after just 12 minutes. It was not the only incident in the five-set match, with Kyrgios going on several sprees of venting his frustration at the crowd and umpire Marija Cicak as well as smashing a ball out of Court 3 in anger, eventually winning 3-6 6-1 7-5 6-7 7-5. Speaking about a line judge, the 27-year-old said: ‘Has one person today come to see her speak? ‘No. I understand, but why is she doing that? Not one person in the stadium has come here to watch her do anything. Not one person. ‘Like, you know what I mean? You got fans, but she has got none. ‘What did I do? Like, come on. I know, but what? She just selfishly walks to you in the middle of a game because she’s a snitch.’ Towards umpire Cicak, Kyrgios added: ‘You can’t f***ing decide to talk to me in the middle of the point when I’m about to do a backhand, It can’t be happening bro. ‘They can watch the tennis but speaking and shouting out in the middle of the point, like why? I don’t know where it was.’ Kyrgios said he was the victim of racist abuse during a straight-sets defeat to Andy Murray in Stuttgart earlier this month. He said he had once again been racially abused by some members of the Wimbledon crowd during his match with Jubb on Tuesday. ‘You should just remove them from the crowd,’ he said to Cicak during the second set. ‘So pure disrespect from a spectator to an athlete is acceptable at Wimbledon? But you don’t accept a hat with two logos? When’s the line? ‘That’s acceptable, racism is acceptable so when does it stop? So where’s the line? ‘It’s been happening for years. If they were making racial slurs to him I would say the same thing.’ Speaking after the match, Kyrgios added: ‘The crowd was pretty rowdy today… a couple people in the crowd not shy of criticising me. ‘That one’s for you, you know who you are.’ MORE : Kyrgios smashes racket, abuses umpire and needs security to intervene in Miami Open loss MORE : Nick Kyrgios responds to being called a ‘an absolute knob’ by tennis rival For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 