Blundering exam chiefs missed out four pages of questions from an A-level exam leaving pupils distraught and teachers horrified they may have taught the wrong syllabus. The A-level pupils were expecting questions on Othello, The Tempest and Much Ado about Nothing after studying William Shakespeare’s plays for two years. But students opened papers for their English A-level language and literature exam to find the Bard was missing. Pupils were left in tears and teachers ‘had a moment of horror’ fearing they had taught the wrong texts. But the error was found to be the fault of exam chiefs at the Welsh Joint Education Committee (WJEC), who later realised they had left out the four pages of questions on Shakespeare. The Association of School and College Leaders said candidates had been ‘let down’ and the WJEC should have ensured the first exam papers for three years were correct. In a letter to school exam officers, the WJEC apologised and said it would take action to ensure candidates were not disadvantaged. But it said the error would not be investigated until after results day in August, when it would take ‘appropriate’ action. A total of 730 candidates entered the exams set by the WJEC. Parents said the error ‘knocked the confidence of pupils worried about how it will affect their results’. It comes after two years of Covid disruption to pupils’ education with this summer’s exams being the first to take place after teacher-assessed grades were awarded during the pandemic. The Association of School and College Leaders Cymru said members across Wales had been in touch to complain after the blunder on Tuesday morning’s A-level. Eithne Hughes, ASCL Cymru director, said pupils had been let down. ‘These are the first exam papers that have gone out in three years. You would expect them to be correct and expect quality assurance,’ she said. ‘Papers should be absolutely spot on given the turbulence in the system prior to this set of exams. They should have been completely nailed down and triple-checked.’ She said the mistake would further affect the well-being of the current A-level cohort who were not able to sit their GCSEs or AS-levels because of the pandemic. ‘The WJEC can put in place some sort of mitigation for this error to recompense for those who suffered in terms of the exam but how do you compensate for loss of confidence and wellbeing? ‘From a candidate’s point of view you open the paper looking for a question on Othello or The Tempest and find none there. ‘Teachers will also have had a heart-stopping moment thinking they taught the wrong texts.’ A spokesperson for Cardiff-based WJEC said the error was down to a ‘question paper collation error’. They said: ‘All examination answers will be considered carefully during the marking and grading process to ensure all students are provided with a fair qualification result.’ An email to exam officers said: ‘We want to reassure all centres and candidates that we have standard processes in place to account for such issues and to ensure that no candidate is disadvantaged.’ It said it would be contacting all schools to ‘ascertain’ the impact of the error and said once this information had been gathered it would consider whether schools should ‘should apply for special consideration’. ‘Once again we would like to apologise for this error,’ the email added. ‘This is a very rare occurrence and we are taking the matter very seriously. Our teams will be working at pace to investigate this issue.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.