The biological father of murdered Logan Mwangi says he regularly wakes up screaming and crying because his son visits him in dreams. Ben Mwangi said he collapsed at work when police told him his five-year-old son’s battered three stone body had been found dumped in a river. He was found partially submerged, wearing a Spider-Man top and dinosaur pyjama bottoms, just 250 metres from his home in Bridgend, South Wales. The boy’s body was covered in cuts and bruises and ‘catastrophic’ internal injuries which experts attributed to a ‘brutal and sustained assault’ leading to his death. Evidence in court suggested his life could have been saved if an ambulance was called. Today Logan’s mum, Angharad Williamson, 31, stepdad John Cole, 40, and 14-year-old stepbrother Craig Mulligan, were sentenced for murder. Each of the adults were handed a life sentence, with a minimum of 29 years for Cole and at least 28 for Williamson. Mulligan was given a sentence of life detention with a minimum term of 15 years. As he is under 18, he had automatic anonymity, but today the judge said there was ‘significant public interest’ in lifting it. In a victim impact statement read to Cardiff Crown Court, Mr Mwangi said the world was a ‘colder and darker place’ without his son Logan. When police came to his workplace to tell him of his son’s body had been found, he said he ‘felt so confused’ and ‘couldn’t believe’ what he was hearing. ‘I just collapsed on the floor and hit my head. I just felt like every fibre in my body had died and couldn’t stop crying,’ he said. ‘I couldn’t understand how something like this could have happened to my son. The rest of the day was a blur as I waited for more information. ‘It was so painful. The following day when I was made aware that Logan’s mother had been arrested on suspicion of his murder. I am just devastated that I couldn’t have been there to protect him. ‘The last 10 months have been hell for me. I can’t sleep and keep experiencing recurring nightmares. ‘My dreams of Logan are so vivid, Logan comes to tell me that he’s OK and to check if I’m OK. ‘He runs into him in my arms and I hold him tight, but he then slowly disappears until he’s no longer in my arms. I wake up screaming and crying. ‘I find it difficult to go back to sleep; I don’t want to go back to sleep because I don’t want to experience these dreams because they are so painful.’ Mr Mwangi said the death of Logan had affected his family and friends and he has been unable to go out any more. He added: ‘At this moment I have extreme trust issues. I can’t see a future in another relationship or having more children because I don’t want something like this to ever happen to me again. I have accepted that this is my life now. Mr Mwangi will speak on TV for the first time about the murder of his son later tonight. He tells ITV how he was stopped from seeing Logan and was not told social services were investigating his welfare before his death. ‘One of the biggest questions in my whole entire life I’ll always be asking myself is, why? Why did this happen? Why did Logan have to die?’ ‘For the past five years, I’ve been struggling and trying to fight just to see Logan. She [Williamson] made my life an absolute misery. All I’ve wanted to do was just be a dad.’ The ITV documentary, The Murder of Logan Mwangi, provides unprecedented access to South Wales Police homicide detectives and the never-before-seen police interview footage of Williamson and Cole. The programme details the chronological order of events, from the first 999 call to the final court case. A Child Practice Review to determine whether social workers and other safeguarding professionals failed to intervene and save Logan has been launched. A spokesperson for Bridgend Council said it is fully participating and it would not be appropriate to comment further until the review was concluded. You can watch The Murder of Logan Mwangi tonight at 9pm on ITV, or catch-up on the ITV Hub. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.  