A soldier soon to be deployed in battle in Ukraine made the most of his time beforehand by getting married and even performing a comedy show about it. In peacetime, Serhiy Lipko was building a career as a stand-up comedian, just like his new wife Anastasia Zukhvala. But after war broke out, their plans had to change and they will soon be separated, just like many other couples in the country. They decided to quickly organise a small wedding with a few dozen close friends and family on June 11, where Anastasia wore a simple crown of blue flowers in her hair. After this they headed to a stand-up comedy club in Ukraine’s capital, Kyiv. Serhiy then got up on stage in his olive-green combat fatigues and began entertaining the audience with jokes about the army and married life. He joked that military training with NATO instructors had been a great opportunity for him to practice his English, and how nervous he’d been about handling expensive military gear, for fear of breaking it, AP reported. Comedy is a way for some Ukrainians to try and deal with the sudden break from their previous normality. Tens of thousands of people have been killed while millions have had to leave their homes to find safety. The subject is not funny – but finding humour is a way to keep up morale and stay afloat rather than sink into despair. Anastasia explains that while some aspects of the war can be talked about comically, ‘tragedies cannot and will never be the object of humor’. Ukrainian dead are not laughed about, nor the grimmest battles, such as the siege of Mariupol. Likewise, atrocities such as those found in The same is true of atrocities in Bucha and elsewhere. But Russian President Vladimir Putin and his troops, especially dead and wounded ones, are favorite targets of dark Ukrainian wartime humor. Anastasia and Serhiy hugged after his show and scooped up armfuls of bouquets, wondering aloud how they’d find space for them at home. ‘This is an absolutely crazy time, beyond ordinary experience,’ she said. ‘Our life now is made of paradoxes, and it can even be funny.’ Serhiy was given a day of leave from the army for his wedding day, and then had to go back. He has a reputation as ‘the comedian’ and joked during his routine that he can’t resist using things his fellow soldiers say and do as material. His comic outlook should help him endure in battle, he believes. But ultimately it is not what he wants to be doing with his life. ‘I am a comedian who temporarily became a serviceman,’ he said. ‘I have plans and creative projects for after the war. There are things to live for.’ His wife said she tells herself that ‘we will win and everything will be fine’, hoping for a big wedding celebration when peace returns. In his work doing stand-up, Serhiy also encountered Ukraine’s most famous comedian – president Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Before becoming president, Zelenskyy was a comedian and actor who even starred in a comedy about a teacher who accidentally became president. He was also one of the judges on a TV talent show called ‘Make a Comedian Laugh’, which Serhiy appeared on in 2016. At the time he was doing military service and wore camouflage fatigues, joking about his army experiences. He made Zelenskyy laugh by quipping that he’d buy a PlayStation if he won the top prize — which he eventually did. They spoke in Russian then, although they both stick to Ukrainian in public now. Since those easier days, Zelenskyy has had little time for comedy. Instead, he gives a daily address to the nation updating them on the war effort. One of the audience members of Serhiy’s show explained how she felt in better spirits after laughing with the crowd in Kyiv. Yuliia Shytko, 29, said: ‘”Laughing and stuff, that’s how you cope.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.