Demonstrators have marched near Windsor Castle over former prime minister Sir  Tony Blair’s controversial knighthood. News of the ex-Labour leader being made a Knight Companion of the Most Noble Order of the Garter – the highest form of knighthood – was announced in the New Year’s Honours List in December. Sir Tony – who was in No 10 from 1997 to 2007 – was knighted on Friday, but will be officially inducted into the Order today. Demonstrators held signs accusing him of war crimes and placards saying ‘Bliar’. The politician previously said of the accolade: ‘It is an immense honour to be appointed Knight Companion of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, and I am deeply grateful to Her Majesty the Queen. ‘It was a great privilege to serve as prime minister and I would like to thank all those who served alongside me – in politics, public service and all parts of our society – for their dedication and commitment to our country.’ However, Sir Tony still faces ongoing criticism over his role in the 2003 Iraq war – a US-led invasion which left 179 British service personnel dead. A petition was soon launched after news broke of Blair’s knighthood, which went on to receive more than a million signatures. Its founder, Angus Scott, claimed Sir Tony has ‘caused irreparable damage to both the constitution of the United Kingdom and to the very fabric of the nation’s society’. ‘Tony Blair is the least deserving person of any public honour, particularly anything awarded by Her Majesty the Queen.’ Speaking when the petition passed a million in January, 55-year-old voice over artist Mr Scott added: ‘In my view, the people that this petition truly represents are the families of those who have suffered the devastating and terrible consequences of the Iraq war and who clearly still bear that pain today.’ ‘The focus must also now be on securing a realistic and achievable outcome. ‘An outcome that preserves the nation’s enormous respect for Her Majesty, that helps assuage the pain of those who have directly suffered, and that provides conciliation for those whose signatures lie in this petition.’ Families of those killed in Iraq have also condemned the move to honour Blair, with the dad of Corporal Simon Miller branding it a ‘kick in the stomach’ and the ‘cruellest, sickest thing I ever heard’. John Miller, 70, told Metro.co.uk: ‘For me and my wife, to see the headlines on New Year’s morning announcing a knighthood for Tony Blair came as a complete kick in the stomach. ‘It’s hard to describe the pain this news has caused us. We have been fighting for justice for our son Simon since the day he was murdered in Iraq, on June 24, 2003. Our lives have been consumed by it. ‘It’s an insult to the 179 British soldiers who died because of his decision to drag the country into war in Iraq.’ Other individuals honoured in today’s ceremony include Labour peer Baroness Valerie Amos and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.