Lizzo has changed a lyric in her song GRRRLS after facing backlash over an offensive slur being used. The Good As Hell hitmaker was called on by fans to apologise after she accidentally used an ableist slur in her new hit. Taking to social media, the star said she was ‘proud’ to share that the lyric had been changed . ‘It’s been brought to my attention that there is a harmful word in my new song ‘GRRRLS,” she shared in a Twitter post. ‘Let me make one thing clear: I never want to promote derogatory language.’ Lizzo added: ‘As a fat Black woman in America, I’ve had many hurtful words used against me so I overstand the power words can have (whether intentionally or in my case, unintentionally,). ‘I’m proud to say there’s a new version of GRRRLS with a lyric change. This is the result of me listening and taking action. As an influential artist I’m dedicated to being part of the change I’ve been waiting to see in the world.’ The song originally contained a word which is most commonly known in the UK as being offensive to disabled people in the lyrics: ‘Hold my bag/ Do you see this s**t?/ I’mma sp*z.’ The new version features the lyrics: ‘Hold my bag/ Do you see this s**t? Hold me back.’ Fans had called on Lizzo to speak out after being left disappointed with the use of the word. Many fans have thanked Lizzo for the move, after asking her to reconsider the ‘hurtful’ lyric. ‘I want to give Lizzo her flowers,’ one said. ‘She set the bar for accountability. Within three days she acknowledged the concerns of the disabled community and is rereleasing the song. I want it to be remembered that a Black woman set the precedent for what accountability should be.’ Another told her: ‘Thank you. I knew you would!!! As the great Maya Angelou stated, “Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better”. Thank you for being a role model for how to hear what others have said and modeling how to make positive change!!!!’ One more said: ‘Thank you so much for hearing us Lizzo and for understanding that this was only ever meant gently and being open to learning, it honestly means the world.’ Lizzo has seen a huge popularity in recent years, with an HBO documentary now in the works about her career. In a statement shared by Rolling Stone, Lizzo said of the film: ‘Growing up I never dreamed I’d get to experience all of the things I’ve accomplished in my life, and I’m just getting started. ‘From ‘Cuz I Love You to my dramatic world tour, losing and gaining love, and creating my new album Special, y’all get to see the amount of time, patience, blood, sweat and tears that went into this process. ‘It takes 10 years to become an “overnight success,” and hopefully I can inspire other young creatives to keep going.’ Lizzo is set to executive produce the documentary which is slated for release in the autumn, following the release of her next album Special on July 15. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lizzo documentary confirmed charting superstar’s rise to fame: ‘It takes 10 years to become an overnight success’ MORE : From Selena Gomez’s pots to Lizzo’s Yitty, these are the hottest celeb launches right now 