You’ve probably heard of (and dreaded) Mercury retrograde. It’s an astrological event that happens several times a year that causes all sorts of freakouts. Mercury Retrograde has just ended (hooray), but we’re not totally in the clear. All planets have their own retrogrades, and while we’re out of Mercury’s, we’re about to head into Saturn’s. A retrograde is when a planet appears to be spinning backward, from our vantage point on Earth. It’s actually an optical illusion. The Earth is completing its orbit around the Sun faster than other planets outside its orbit. Periodically, it will outpace them — and that’s when they are said to go retrograde. And, at its most basic level, it means their influence goes from a positive to a negative. The good news: each retrograde brings its own energy, so they’re not all as chaotic as Mercury’s. Saturn’s retrograde starts June 4 and lasts until October 23, in the sign of Aquarius. That’s quite a chunk of time. As a slower-moving outer planet, Saturn creates longer trends. The ringed planet stays in a single zodiac sign for two to three years and takes 29.5 years to orbit the whole Zodiac. Overall, this retrograde will see you questioning your plans and ambition in terms of work, finances, home, family, and responsibility. Are you really creating true and firm foundations for the future? Are you taking ownership for yourself and supporting others? Are you acting maturely and well? Are you a source of reliability and honesty, or are you still acting out and slipping your responsibilities? Saturn is a task master. It is the planet that makes us grow up, shape up, and turn up and do our bit. What might you go back to the drawing board on during this retrograde? Let the tarot guide you, with a Saturn retrograde tarot horoscope for all the star signs. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for Saturn retrograde: Two of Cups Meaning: Romantic relationships are a theme for consideration during this retrograde, as well as close friendships and family ties. What role do you play in these circles and partnerships? Are you supportive and positive? Are you something else? Do you like who you are with other people? Reflect on your journey, the ups and downs, the life lessons, the highs and lows. You are adorable and loved, but you can be impetuous, demanding and competitive. Do these behaviours trip you up? Fix relationship dynamics that aren’t working. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for Saturn retrograde: Queen of Cups Meaning: Your emotional stability and wellbeing is a theme for consideration this retrograde. Are you taking good care of your mental heath? Are you prioritizing deep rest and rejuvenation when you need to? Are you keeping a healthy work/life balance? Are you getting what you need from the people closest to you? Others are not mind readers. They need to know what you need, and that responsibility for expression is on you. Open up and be more overt about your needs. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for Saturn retrograde: Page of Coins Meaning: Education and study are your lifeblood. All Geminis love to learn and make it a lifelong hobby. The Page of Coins asks you to consider what role education could play in a more career or financially related sphere this year. Do you need to retrain? Do you lack an important skill necessary to get to the next level? Do you have blind spots in certain, important life areas? Consider and get to making a plan of how you can learn what you now need to know. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for Saturn retrograde: Knight of Coins Meaning: Taking responsibility for your work, home, health, and money. This is what ruminates around your mind this retrograde, and you’re feeling a bit defensive. Maybe you know, deep down, you could do more/better, but circumstances have gotten in the way, and you feel the need to defend your actions. Maybe you know you need a stronger security net beneath you and you’re keen to build that. Maybe you feel others have too much say / power over certain aspects on your life and you crave independence. Whatever the issue, now is the time to clarify it, address it, and overcome it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for Saturn retrograde: Six of Wands Meaning: You are ready to go further, expand your world, broaden your horizons and build on your existing success and talent. You’ve done really well recently, as shown by the applauding Six of Wands. Well done! Now it’s time to consolidate, build and make this success a long-term thing vs a flash in the pan. Take what’s going well, and do more of it, at a higher level, for greater risks and rewards. Be bold. You are being blessed with good fortune, as long as you try your best to carry on this winning streak. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for Saturn retrograde: Queen of Wands Meaning: Caution is a virtue of yours but, like all virtues, it has a double edge. The Queen of Wands provokes a realization that sometimes you play too safe, when in doubt you retreat, under pressure you stop. Sometimes you need to push out of your comfort zone, as that’s where the best prizes are. Sometimes you need to take a (mitigated) risk. Sometimes you just have to make a bold leap and have faith in your ability to land well. You are an organised and competent person, and there’s little you can’t handle. Have more faith. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: Judgment Meaning: You are going through a major life shift this June to October, as shown by the powerful Judgment card. And it’s all about being more authentically you, doing what serves you, showing up in the way you wish to, prioritising what matters most, supporting those who care about you genuinely. You are recalibrating who and what is in your world. It feels good. It’s coming from a good place. You are being led to recognise your unique strengths and to make more of them. Evolve! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for Saturn retrograde: Four of Cups Meaning: Your life lesson this retrograde is about appreciating what you already have, the gifts you’re gifted with, the people who show up for you, and the advantages under your nose. The Four of Cups shows the scale of your ambition is vast (a good thing, keep going), but that it can distract you from valuing where you’re at and the things you’ve already achieved (address this flaw). What is the point of all of your graft if you don’t see the benefit of the fruits of your labour? Slow down, be still, see your gifts. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for Saturn retrograde: The World Meaning: The World brings you a powerful life change this retrograde. A huge ebb and flow in your life where you need to be emotionally intelligent and wise. You need to let something go, draw it to a conclusion, achieve your goal… and then put the next mission in play. As one thing ends, another begins – this is life. Your quest this year is to recognize what is ending and what needs renewal or new goals. Be positive, be optimistic, be led by your very best hopes. You are at a major cross roads, navigate it wisely. You may also be reviewing your place in the world – work, home, location. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for Saturn retrograde: Five of Swords Meaning: Conflict and stress are the red flags and signals that can alert you to what you need to adjust during this retrograde. Let them be the first agents of transformation in your world – welcome their presence, thank them for their message, and then move on to creating solutions and fixes. The Five of Swords shows you will experience pressure and conflict in the places that you’re outgrowing, that need renewal, that need a new plan. So don’t obsess or worry about it, instead acknowledge the pressure, understand what isn’t working, and focus on creating inspiring ways forward. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for Saturn retrograde: Three of Coins Meaning: You can be a bit of a loner, preferring solo projects and personal responsibility. That’s a strength of yours, and serves you well, but you can’t do everything alone. Some things need a team approach, groupwork and collaboration. The Three of Coins asks you to soften your stance about working and co-operating with others to achieve bigger goals. It is for your own benefit, as you can go further, faster. Come out of your shell. Look at bigger ambitions and adopt a team system to reach them. Join in. Contribute. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for Saturn retrograde: King of Cups Meaning: Your friendships, fellowships, and romantic relationships are under the lens this retrograde, and you’re assessing where you find most reward, support, fun and goodwill. The Knight of Cups asks you to trust your gut instincts about the people in your life, and adjust the time and energy you expend with them accordingly. It doesn’t mean cutting people off (well, unless you think that’s a good idea, and it might be), but just being more mindful about being around people who are good for you, and good to you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Gemini MORE : What type of traveller you are, based on your star sign – and your ideal holiday