A disabled woman was left stuck on a plane at Gatwick Airport for more than an hour and a half after no staff came to help her. Radio producer Victoria Brignell, who is paralysed from the neck down, returned home from a trip to Malta on Saturday. The west London resident told Good Morning Britain: ‘I had a brilliant holiday in Malta, and our plane landed at Gatwick. ‘But shortly after landing one of the airline staff came up to me and said they were very sorry but the airport staff coming to get [me] off the plane would be at least another 50 minutes. ‘And then time passed and I was told they would be another half an hour on top of that, and in the end I was stuck for another hour and 35 minutes.’ She stressed it was the airport’s responsibility to get her off the plane, not the British Airways staff who she said were ‘brilliant’. ‘It was very frustrating and very demeaning,’ Victoria added. ‘I booked the support two months in advance – it wasn’t like they weren’t expecting me, they knew I was coming. ‘And it wasn’t just me who was affected, the plane could not take off until I was off the plane, so the next flight was delayed by an hour and a half as well. ‘Improving the service for disabled people is important because it improves the service for everybody.’ She said she plans to file an official complaint with Gatwick Airport. An airport spokesperson said: ‘The treatment received at Gatwick Airport was unacceptable and I would like to offer our sincere apologies to Victoria. This incident has been escalated and Gatwick and Wilson James, our assistance provider, are investigating how this happened as a matter of urgency.’ A spokesperson for Wilson James, the firm contracted by Gatwick to help disabled passengers, said: ‘We are deeply disappointed to have delivered a poor service on this occasion. ‘While the aviation sector in particular is struggling with well-documented pressures, Ms Brignell’s experience is unacceptable and falls far below our values and aims as a service provider; the Wilson James team extends our sincere apologies to her. ‘We will be reaching out to her privately to offer our apologies, and Wilson James and the airport are investigating the incident as a matter of priority.’ Disability charity Scope has urged airlines not to forget its disabled passengers amid the ongoing staffing crisis. Louise Rubin, head of policy and campaigns at Scope, said of Victoria’s case: ‘This is appalling, and yet airline horror stories like this are far from rare for disabled people. ‘Far too many disabled people endure stressful and degrading experiences when flying, such as being stranded on board or vital equipment like wheelchairs being damaged or lost. ‘If staffing shortages continue to cause chaos at airports this summer, disabled passengers must not be forgotten or overlooked.’ Airports have seen dozens of flights cancelled over the last fortnight, following staff shortages and increased demand caused by school half term. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.