The Rolling Stones had some Hollywood royalty in the crowd at American Express Presents BST Hyde Park as Tom Cruise soaked up the atmosphere. The Top Gun star was seen rocking out at the iconic band’s British Summer Time festival show in London on Sunday night as he joined friends in AEG’s VIP suite. Tom looked to be in great spirits as he flashed a smile and swayed along to the music, and he kept things casual, wearing a navy coat over a shirt with the top two buttons undone and dark jeans. The concert was dedicated to the memory of the Stones’ late drummer Charlie Watts as they played in London for the first time since his death in August 2021. ‘It’s lovely to be here. In 1962, we met a drummer from Wembley called Charlie Watts,’ the frontman told the crowd. ‘And sadly, this is our first time in London without him. So, we would like to dedicate this show to Charlie.’ Led by Sir Mick Jagger, the group – completed by Ronnie Wood, Keith Richards and drummer Steve Jordan – kicked off their set with Street Fighting Man and 19th Nervous Breakdown before launching into a career-spanning set. As well as the likes of Honky Tonk Women and Jumpin’ Jack Flash, they brought things to a close with an encore of Sympathy for the Devil and (I Can’t Get No) Satisfaction. And before a rendition of Paint It Black, Sir Mick reminded the audiences: ‘It’s almost 60 years to this week that we played that first every show at the Marquee, so we want to thank you very much for coming back to see us.’ The frontman recently recovered from Covid having had to cancel a number of shows, but he has since revealed he’s feeling ‘much better’. Updating his fans on Instagram, he wrote: ‘I’m feeling much better and can’t wait to get back on stage next week! The Amsterdam date has been rescheduled for July 7 and we’ll have news of the new Bern date ASAP. See you soon! Mick.’ Meanwhile, Tom’s appearance at the Hyde Park show comes after reports he’ll be throwing two big parties next month to celebrate his 60th birthday, with one in the Cotswolds with the likes of Simon Pegg, and another back in the US. ‘Tom is classy and low-key, despite his fame, but this is a big milestone and his friends and team want to mark it properly, so it’s seriously A-list – and there are two parties,’ an insider told The Sun. ‘[The Cotwolds party will] be very A-list, but also a lot of the team who he has worked with on Mission Impossible and Top Gun because they’ve become his closest friends.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Top Gun: Maverick reaches $1,000,000,000 in box office sales officially becoming Tom Cruise’s highest-grossing film ever MORE : Mick Jagger delivers electric performance following Covid diagnosis as Rolling Stones headline BST Hyde Park for 60th anniversary 