Darwin Nunez has opened up on his decision to choose to join Liverpool ahead of a host of other clubs, including Manchester United, and feels the team’s style of play suits him perfectly. On Tuesday evening, the Merseysiders confirmed they had completed the signing of the 22-year-old in a deal believed to be worth around £85million including bonuses and add-ons. The deal is still subject to a work permit and international clearance, but Nunez completed a medical at the club’s AXA Training Centre and has put pen to paper on a long-term contract. Liverpool had to beat off significant competition to land the Uruguayan, with new United boss Erik ten Tag reportedly left fuming that the club had missed out on a player who netted 48 goals in his two seasons with Benfica. But for Nunez it was an easy decision to join Liverpool, with the forward delighted to sign for a club primed to compete for silverware while he is also a massive fan of the way Jurgen Klopp’s side play. Speaking to Liverpool’s official website, he said: ‘It’s a pleasure to be here in Liverpool and I’m very happy to be a part of this great club. ‘I’ve played against Liverpool and I’ve seen them in lots of games in the Champions League, and it’s my style of play. ‘There are some great players here and I think it’s going to suit my style of play here. ‘As I say, I’ve watched quite a lot and it’s a very big club and I hope I can give everything that I’ve got in order to help the team.’ He continued: ‘When I arrived at the training ground, I was really surprised to see the set-up and the structure and all the trophies here. ‘You can then imagine yourself winning more trophies and then later on when you come here again and see the trophies on display, you can say, “Look, I was a part of that, I was there at that time, winning trophies.” ‘That’s one of the reasons why I came here to Liverpool – to win trophies and titles. I want to win a lot of trophies at Liverpool.’ Nunez has opted to wear the No.27 shirt for Liverpool, which was also worn by his fellow Uruguayans Luis Suarez and Sebastian Coates. MORE : Harry Kane unconcerned by Erling Haaland and Darwin Nunez signings in race for Golden Boot MORE : Why Darwin Nunez rejected bigger offer from Manchester United to join Liverpool instead For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 