Police were called to a waterpark in Stoke-on-Trent after visitors reported ‘eye and throat irritation’ and ‘nausea.’ The building was evacuated while investigations were carried out. Ambulance crews were also called to Waterworld, on Festival Way, with ‘specialist resources’ rushed to the scene. A total of 110 people were evacuated, and 46 received treatment from ambulance staff. A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokeswoman said: ‘Waterworld was evacuated after a number of people inside began displaying minor symptoms including watery eyes, a runny nose and nausea. ‘A man and a woman were conveyed to hospital for further checks as a precaution. ‘This was a well-managed tri-service response which saw the safe and speedy evacuation of a large number of people. Thankfully no one involved was in a serious condition.’ This evening, Waterworld bosses claimed the ordeal had been a ‘huge overreaction’. Investigations into the cause of the incident continue. Posting on Twitter earlier, Stoke-on-Trent Police wrote: ‘Visitors have reported eye and throat irritation and nausea. ‘The building has been evacuated. ‘The emergency services have the incident in hand and urge members of the public to avoid the area.’ Evacuated visitors were reportedly stood in their swimwear outside the building, with many wrapped in towels to keep warm. Rebekah Rowntree was one of the first people to raise the alarm today. She and her family arrived at the waterpark shortly after 11.15am. She told Metro.co.uk: ‘I joked to my husband that the staff looked like they had Covid as they looked so ill. ‘We carried on then after about an hour my legs were itching like they’ve never itched before.’ Rebekah said she then felt dizzy and that everyone was ‘coughing and sneezing’ in the waterpark. Witnesses had reported seeing up to eight ambulances and three fire engines on the scene. There were delays on nearby roads and traffic built up following the response. Potteries Buses, run by First Bus, said a ‘spillage’ near Waterworld is having an impact on their services with ‘no suitable diversion’ in place. Waterworld, the UK’s largest indoor water park, attracts thousands of visitors every year. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.