In the new film ​Good Luck To You, Leo Grande, Nancy, played by Emma Thompson, is on a mission to have an orgasm. Why? She’s never had one before. Keen to expand her pleasure horizons she hires a sex worker to help her tick off her list of sexual escapades that she hopes to finish by the end of the day. This film is fiction, but her situation is not. Despite what popular culture will have you believe, reaching orgasm doesn’t need to be the goal of sex. And some people struggle to get there at all. It’s fine to want to climax, and to be frustrated if you don’t – it feels great, after all – but placing too much pressure on the Big O can ruin sex for everyone, and make people think they are broken. People might struggle to orgasm for a bunch of reasons, from not being pleasured in a way you need to get off, to drinking or smoking too much, to worrying about sexual performance to the point that you can’t relax and let go. Mood disorders such as depression can also make it difficult to orgasm, and so can SSRIs, the antidepressants used to treat it. ‘I’ve been on various antidepressants since I was 20, which was 12 years ago, and it definitely makes (climaxing) harder,’ says Mary*, who wants to remain anonymous. ‘You know when you are a bit drunk, and it’s more difficult to build up to it? It’s a bit like that. Like being on a rollercoaster that won’t quite go over the edge.’ While Mary learnt how to get there by taking her time, others find that orgasm never happens. This condition is known as anorgasmia. ‘Anorgasmia is, simply, the inability to orgasm. It can mean that a person has never reached orgasm, or that they have difficulty doing so in certain situations,’ sexpert Terri Harris tells Metro.co.uk. If a person can’t orgasm with a partner at all – even after plenty of stimulation – this is lifelong anorgasmia, while acquired anorgasmia means the ability to climax comes and goes. Anorgasmia affects women and people with vaginas more than men, with the journal for Obstetrics and Gynaecology estimating that it affects 20–40% of vulva havers. Anorgasmia can also be ‘situational’, which, means it depends on the conditions of each sexual interaction. Meanwhile ‘generalised’ means you can’t orgasm in any situation or with any partner. Clarissa Bloom, a dating expert with The Stag Company, dealt with situational Anorgasmia for over two years, when she was in her early 20s. ‘I would meet guys while out clubbing and we’d head back, but we would either be tired once back and fall asleep, or they wouldn’t be in the best condition to perform due to alcohol consumption. Nothing wrong with that, what can you expect when hooking up with someone at 3am,’ she says. She didn’t blame her partner, but it was frustrating. She added: ‘It was later on looking back that I realised it affected me psychologically, that I wasn’t fully happy. At the time you’re just going through the motions.’ She stopped meeting guys clubbing and started going on dates. At the same time, she started leaning into self pleasure, experimenting with different toys and learning what she enjoyed. ‘I learned along the way that the worst thing you can do is either ignore your want for an orgasm, or equally to aim direct criticism at your partner,’ Clarissa reflects. ‘Both focusing on what pleased me when on my own and taking it a little slower with guys and getting to know them and ensuring they got to know me, all led to a much happier me.’ Terri says the signs are difficult to outline since everyone experiences orgasms differently, but there if someone consistently feels they are not reaching orgasm during sexual interactions, and this is something that is causing them distress, this would be classified as anorgasmia. The causes are murkier, Terri says: ‘Annoyingly, like most sexual pleasure related topics we don’t have enough information to know the causes.’ She continues: ‘There are a whole list of reasons someone may experience anorgasmia, from mental health issues to medication and even hormonal imbalances. ‘Unfortunately, we don’t have research into trans, non-binary and gender expansive folks experiences. ‘So there’s a lot of important data missing which could potentially help us to understand the underlying causes of the condition.’ To be diagnosed with anorgasmia, not having an orgasm needs to bother someone to the point that it impacts their mental health. There are a few potential reasons for this, Terri says. ‘Firstly society tells us that orgasm is the be all and end all of sexual pleasure, therefore not experiencing this can lead to feelings of failure, isolation, dissatisfaction and unworthiness.’ Secondly, mental health issues such as PTSD, depression can lead to anorgasmia, causing a cycle of worsening mental health. This is clearly a difficult thing to live with but, just like Emma Thompson’s Nancy, you can try to work through it and come again. First and foremost, Terri advises that you ‘don’t allow the taboo of sexual pleasure to make you feel isolated and alone’, noting: ‘This is a very common issue.’ Practically, it can help to practice mindful masturbation, where you ‘hone in on the sensations and feelings’ to really get to grips with what you like and don’t like, Terri says. ‘This can be a key part of understanding the condition and where someone may find difficulty orgasming,’ she adds. However, since the causes of anorgasmia can be physiological or physical, any successful treatment needs to take that into account. Terri advises speaking with a sexual therapist who specialises in the condition. ‘They will be able to work with you to develop a plan of action which may include things like pelvic floor exercises, CBT work and even referral for hormone blood tests,’ she adds. ‘Really the best cure is understanding your body. ‘Focusing on our own bodies, how they work and our likes/dislikes are key in every single sexual experience we have.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Try the elephant sex position to have intense orgasms while getting extra close to your partner MORE : How to have a better orgasm – according to an expert MORE : Seven reasons you’re struggling to orgasm