The World Health Organisation has warned that it it is not yet known whether it will be possible to contain the spread of monkeypox. Another 11 cases were confirmed in England today, bringing the UK total to 190 since May 7. And this summer is expected to see still more cases, with health officials warning that transmission in Europe could be ‘amplified’ by big events like festivals. The European office of the World Health Organisation (WHO) warned that Europe is at the ‘epicentre’ of the ‘largest and most geographically widespread monkeypox outbreak ever reported’ outside of western and central Africa. Many of the cases in this outbreak have been linked to ‘large events or parties’, with many more of these planned in the coming months, with those with multiple sexual partners particularly at risk. WHO Europe regional director Dr Hans Henri Kluge said the recent surge has coincided with the lifting of coronavirus pandemic restrictions on international travel and events. He warned that the potential for further monkeypox cases in Europe and elsewhere over the summer is ‘high’. In a statement, he said: ”Even as new patients present every day, investigations into past cases show that the outbreak in our region was certainly under way as early as mid-April.’ ‘Based on the case reports to date, this outbreak is currently being transmitted through social networks connected largely through sexual activity, primarily involving men who have sex with men. ‘Many – but not all cases – report fleeting and/or multiple sexual partners, sometimes associated with large events or parties. ‘Monkeypox has already spread against the backdrop of several mass gatherings in the region. ‘Over the coming months, many of the dozens of festivals and large parties planned provide further contexts where amplification may occur. ‘But they also provide powerful opportunities to engage with young, sexually active and globally mobile persons to raise awareness and strengthen individual and community protection.’ He said that responding to the outbreak will not require the same measures needed for the Covid-19 pandemic but he warned that it is not yet known whether it will be possible to contain the spread of the virus completely. UK officials have stressed that the risk to the general public ‘remains low’. Dr Ruth Milton, senior medical adviser at UKHSA, said: ‘The risk to the general public from monkeypox is still low, but it’s important that we work to limit the virus being passed on. ‘We remind people that they should be alert to new spots, ulcers or blisters on any part of their body. ‘If anyone suspects they might have these, particularly if they have recently had a new sexual partner, they should limit their contact with others and contact NHS 111 or their local sexual health service as soon as possible, though please phone ahead before attending in person.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.