Strictly Come Dancing star Karen Hauer tied the knot with Jordan Wyn-Jones in a small ceremony on Tuesday. She described the day as a ‘fairytale’ with fellow Strictly stars Janette Manrara and Luba Mushtuk in attendance. ‘It feels like a fairytale day,’ Karen told Hello! adding: ‘It felt so special to bring our families and friends together.’ The intimate ceremony took place at Chewton Glen in Hampshire. Karen added: ‘I haven’t seen my family for the last two years so it’s really touching to bring them here and be able to share this amazing moment with them.’ Karen, 40, went Instagram official with Jordan in July last year and has since been sharing sweet pictures to fans. This was Karen’s third time tying the knot, as before she was with Jordan the star was previously married to former dance partner Matthew Hauer until 2009, and then to Strictly pro Kevin Clifton from 2015-2018. She then went on to date opera singer David Webb for two years, however they are said to have ‘quietly split’ in September 2020. Last year, the dancer confessed that she ‘loves’ being in relationships, but vowed to stay away from dancers. Speaking on Loose Women, she said: ‘I think it’s a beautiful thing. I think being in love is beautiful. ‘Regardless of my previous relationships and how they ended or what has happened, I feel that it’s nice to feel loved and to love. I’ve learned a lot, I’ve matured a lot throughout the years.’ Asked by panelist Coleen Nolan whether she would date within her professional field again Karen was adamant that it was a no-go area. ‘No dancers, goodnight, bye! No more dancers,’ she said, laughing. ‘I hope they don’t dance, none of them.’ Jane Moore added: ‘If you’re married to someone in exactly the same profession it can probably be quite tough.’ Karen said: ‘It can go either way it depends, but I’d like to try a different flavour!’ Jordan, a fitness professional from Australia, announced their romance last year on Instagram, sharing: ’32 years… definitely worth all that life could throw at me so that I could have you in my arms. ‘How can a donut like me get so lucky to have met my person. Can’t wait to have you home.’ The happy news follows the Strictly Come Dancing tour around the nation, in which Karen starred alongside pros Nadiya Bychkova and Dianne Buswell. Karen recently announced that she’d ‘love’ to take part in a same-sex pairing for this year’s series. Speaking to Daily Star, she said: ‘It would be great to dance with another female this year. I’d really love that. ‘It’s a beautiful thing that the show is opening up to it now. It’s not taboo anymore. It’s a beautiful thing to be able to show same-sex dancing. It’s normal now and that’s the way it should be.’ Commenting on the previous same-sex pairings from the past two series, she said: ‘It was done so beautifully both times.’ Last year, Karen was paired-up with actor Greg Wise, and although the couple was knocked out a few weeks into the show, they were still a big hit with fans. Strictly Come Dancing returns later this year to BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Strictly’s AJ Odudu ‘found it hard’ being ‘constantly’ quizzed on Kai Widdrington dating rumours but was ‘focused on dancing’ MORE : Strictly Come Dancing’s Nadiya Bychkova and Kai Widdrington smitten as they cuddle for selfie at Queen gig 