Love Island fans were completely surprised by Indiyah Polack and Ikenna Ekwonna’a ‘cute chemistry’ during Saturday’s episode of Unseen Bits. During Monday’s launch show, it was revealed that the public had voted for the first coupling up of the series, meaning it was left completely out of the islanders’ hands. While some of the contestants seemed enthusiastic or intrigued by the matches, Indiyah, 23, couldn’t hide the disappointment on her face as Ikenna sidled up to her, leaving viewers in hysterics. However, in the first instalment of Unseen Bits, both of them shared several adorable moments behind the scenes, which has prompted viewers to call for more screen time between the pair during the main show. One endearing interaction involved the hotel waitress, 23 admiring Ikenna’s pedicure, and was later seen giving him a brief lesson about the sun and moon. ‘Is that what you learn with horoscopes,’ he asked. ‘We would of thought indiyah and ikenna hated each other without these unseen bits,’ one person tweeted. ‘I have been waiting for Indiyah and Ikenna content like this all week,’ another added. ‘The fact love island tried to make indiyah and ikenna look boring and distant when in fact they aren’t doesn’t sit right with me,’ one person wrote. ‘No, I just went to school.’ Indiyah quipped. While viewers were in awe of their undeniable chemistry, many were confused why ‘the good content’ wasn’t shown during the week. After Monday’s episode, Indiya’s friends and family revealed some of the messages they’ve received from fans agreeing that she and Ikenna might not be a match made in heaven. Indiyah’s friends responded by writing: ‘Oh gosh y’all aren’t feeling it at all,’ before adding some kind words backing Ikenna. ‘But let’s remember to be mindful y’all, it’s the first episode and Ikenna looks like a sweetheart,’ they added. After bombshell Afia Tonkmor made it clear that she liked Ikenna, many fans didn’t know who Ikenna would choose in the latest recoupling, however fans were delighted to see him choosing to couple up with Indiyah. We can’t wait to see more of these two! Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Former Love Island star Amy Day claims producers ‘manipulate’ show narrative: ‘I  wish I knew how fake it was’ MORE : Love Island star Liam Llewellyn’s dad ‘flew out to Majorca to be with him’ after he became first islander to quit 2022 series 