Manchester United are ready to join Barcelona and Chelsea in the race to sign wantaway striker Robert Lewandowski after missing out on a deal for Darwin Nunez. New Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag wants to bolster his attacking options this summer and identified Uruguayan sensation Nunez as a top target. But Nunez, who scored 34 goals in 41 games for Benfica last season, is closing in on a move to Liverpool worth around £85m. That has left United looking at other options and, according to The Sun, they have emerged as potential suitors for Poland legend Lewandowski. Lewandowski has admitted he is desperate to leave Bayern Munich this summer and wants to join Spanish giants Barcelona. The 33-year-old has enjoyed huge success at Bayern, scoring 344 goals in 375 appearances and helping the club win eight Bundesliga titles, but wants to take on a new challenge elsewhere. But a move to Barcelona is not guaranteed as the La Liga club – still struggling financially – need to offload players to raise the funds to sign Lewandowski. They could be set to earn around £80m for Frenkie de Jong but rejected Manchester United’s opening offer for the Dutch midfielder earlier this week. If Lewandowski gets impatient or a move to Barca becomes unlikely, United will reportedly pounce and try to sign the veteran in a similar deal to the one that saw Cristiano Ronaldo return to Old Trafford last summer. But United’s Premier League rivals Chelsea are also interested in signing Lewandowski as they prepare for Romelu Lukaku’s possible exit. The Belgian struggled last season and wants to return to Inter Milan. Lewandowski confirmed he wanted to leave Bayern Munich at the end of last month, saying: ‘One thing is certain today, my story with Bayern is over. ‘After everything that has happened in recent months, I cannot imagine further good co-operation. I realise a transfer will be the best solution for both sides.’ He reiterated his desire to join another club this week, adding: ‘I only want to leave Bayern. Loyalty and respect are more important than work. The best way is to find a solution together. ‘Something has died in me, I want to leave Bayern for more emotions in my life.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 