Harry Styles looks like he couldn’t be more loved up with his girlfriend Olivia Wilde as the happy couple shared a kiss goodbye in a cute public display of affection on Wednesday. The As It Was hitmaker, 28, who is currently on tour and performing in Manchester tonight, was pictured with his partner Olivia in north London hours before the first look trailer for My Policeman dropped. Harry affectionately wrapped his arm around Olivia’s lower back and leaned in to give her a peck on the cheek. The filmmaker embraced his sweet gesture and gently placed her arm on his shoulder. The pair both kept a low profile in sunglasses and Harry dressed casually in a vintage 1950s Playdium Skate Club jacket and a blue cap. Olivia dressed in a grey long-sleeved top and jeans with a tote bag hanging on her arm. Harry and Olivia have been an item since 2021 when they were first romantically linked after being seen holding hands at his manager’s wedding. Last week, he made a rare public comment on their relationship, who recently directed him in Don’t Worry Darling. ‘I had a wonderful experience being directed by Olivia,’ he told Howard Stern. ‘I think there is something that obviously … acting is very uncomfortable at times. I think you have to trust a lot. ‘Being able to trust your director is a gift. That was very helpful, and it really meant for a really nice experience working on that movie.’ The photos or Harry and Olivia kissing goodbye come as Amazon Prime have released the trailer for much-anticipated romantic drama My Policeman, which sees leading star Harry in a complex love triangle set in 1950s Britain. The film, based on Bethan Roberts’ 2012 novel of the same name, will see chart-topper play titular police officer Tom. Emma Corrin, who won a Golden Globe for her portrayal of Diana, Princess of Wales in Netflix’s The Crown, plays his wife Marion, a teacher, while David Dawson plays museum curator Patrick, with whom Tom embarks on a passionate affair. In the trailer, Harry is analysing a painting with David who asks: ‘How does it make you feel?’ The Watermelon Sugar artist responds: ‘You can sense the waves, you know how strong they are. Like swimming in rough surf.’ ‘You feel they could crush you,’ David continues. ‘Or take you under. You just have to let it take hold of you.’ The teaser switches from darkened scenes of the two men together to Harry sharing a passionate kiss with Emma on their wedding day and enjoying a day out at Brighton pier together. Michael Grandage directed the film, shot in Venice and Brighton, from an adapted screenplay by Oscar winner Ron Nyswaner, who penned 1993 legal drama Philadelphia. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 