Wait, do you hear that? Ah, yes. It’s the sound of our dreams of homeownership drifting that little bit further out of our reach. What’s killing our hope today? That’ll be the latest figures from Halifax, which shows that the average house price in the UK now sits at £279,431 – that’s 7.1 times the typical annual salary in the nation (£39,402, in case you were wondering). If you’re hoping to buy a property in London, the situation is even more dire. In the capital, the average house price is now a steep £534,977 – 9.7 times the average wages in the city. Halifax’s data shows that house prices have risen by 16.8% from the start of the Covid-19 pandemic to now, while our pay has remained nearly stagnant with a rise of just 2.7%. Add to that the current cost of living crisis, and the prospect of ever being able to afford a home feels increasingly unrealistic. FYI, the last time UK house prices experienced similar sustained growth was back in 2007, when average earnings were £30,508 and the typical house price was £194,207. That’s a bit worrying. The semi-good news is that some areas of the UK remain a tad more affordable. Inverclyde in the west of Scotland is the most affordable place to buy a home, with typical house prices just 3.1 times average earnings. In England, the North East is the most affordable region, as here the average house price sits at £162,692; around four times local incomes. This makes the North East the only region of the UK with a house price to earnings ratio lower than 5. It is also more affordable than it was back in 2007, when the ratio was 5.8. London is – as you probably expect – the most expensive place in which to buy, despite the slowest rate of house price growth over the last two years (it’s up by 5.9%). Halifax describes housing affordability as ‘at its most stretched’, but notes that the way we by homes is changing to cope with these rises. The average age we buy our first home has risen, for example, now sitting at 32.  That’s three years older than the average first-time buyer a decade ago. We’re also far more likely to couple or buddy up and make a joint mortgage application. The bank of mum and dad is getting a lot of action, too. One of Halifax’s experts reckons that while things may not look great right now, house prices won’t continue to rise so rapidly… or our wages might rise to narrow the gap. Andrew Asaam, mortgages director at Halifax, said: ‘There’s no question that the economics of buying a home have changed significantly over the last couple of years. ‘Soaring property prices and slower wage growth have combined to stretch traditional measures of housing affordability. ‘With interest rates on the rise as a means of combatting inflation, it’s unlikely that house prices will continue to grow at the pace we’ve seen recently. ‘This should see the gap between average earnings and property prices narrowing over time. ‘It’s also important to highlight the responsible approach taken to mortgage lending in this environment, with lenders conducting thorough checks to ensure repayments are manageable even if interest rates rise more sharply in future.’ If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Giving up avocado on toast won’t help us wheelchair users get on the property ladder MORE : What I Own: Teacher Carl, who put down a £4,500 deposit on his Hertfordshire flat with shared ownership MORE : Shared ownership: Why first-time buyers are feeling optimistic about getting on the ladder