Meadow Walker has revealed she had an abortion in 2020 after the Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade on Friday. The 23-year-old, who is the daughter of late Fast & Furious star Paul Walker, opened up about her own abortion after the news broke. She wrote on Instagram: ‘Today marks a huge setback in history- a profound injustice to women across the United States. ‘There are countless women who have struggled with making the decision to have an abortion. I too have battled with the choice but in 2020, when the world was collapsing during the pandemic, I sought an abortion.’ Meadow added: ‘It is a very private and personal experience – the way it should be. I was lucky enough to have a great doctor who supported me through the debilitating process – with their help, I am able to be the happy and healthy person I am today. ‘Now, knowing even more women won’t have the opportunity to seek safe termination and choose their bodies first is absolutely heartbreaking.’ She concluded: ‘In a world that constantly marginalises females, this feels like the biggest assault of them all. Banning abortion doesn’t prevent abortions, it prevents safe abortions.’ Meadow later added that she had received vile comments from trolls for her decision to speak out, adding on her story: ‘The amount of hate comments I’ve received on this post is unbelievable. ‘Please unfollow me if you don’t agree with my values. Do not stay around to comment horrible things.’ With Roe v. Wade overturned, it now means individual states are responsible to determine how they will regulate abortions. It’s also expected to disproportionately affect minorities and people of colour, who already often face limited access to healthcare. Thirteen states have so-called trigger laws in place that take immediate effect once Roe is struck down that ban or severely limit access to abortion, and another six states have near total bans on terminating a pregnancy after six weeks, which is often before many people know they are pregnant. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paul Walker to be honoured with posthumous Hollywood Walk of Fame star 10 years after death MORE : Dan Walker’s daughter hospitalised with suspected broken finger: ‘4-hour wait has begun’ 