Bowel cancer is the second biggest killer cancer in the UK. Around 43,000 people are diagnosed each year, but half of UK adults have never taken up a cancer screening invitation and over a third of adults don’t know what warning signs to look out for. Bupa has shared new research that reveals many feel too embarrassed to talk about their poo with a medical professional – despite how vital it is to do so when changes are apparent. These barriers can lead to delayed diagnosis. Bupa’s new Wellbeing Index asked 8,000 UK adults about their poo and a significant portion were unsure about the colour or consistency to look out for in their stools. Shockingly, close to one in four are less likely to seek treatment for a bowel problem than any other medical concern. While risk of developing bowel cancer rises with age, 24% of over-55s never check the appearance of their stools. This is having a real impact on patient lives, as more than a third of those with bowel cancer are now first diagnosed in hospital A&E. To provide patients with fast access to cancer tests and treatment, Bupa and HCA Healthcare UK have launched new specialist centres for bowel cancer. The specialist centres at The Wellington Hospital, London Bridge Hospital and Cromwell Hospital, offer Bupa health insurance customers all initial cancer tests under one roof, within four working days. Public Health England figures also reveal a problem in seeking help – more than one million of those invited for a bowel cancer screening in the past 2.5 years didn’t take up the invitation within six months of being invited. Embarrassment is a factor as to why, as over a third of those surveyed said poo is a taboo subject. Mr Shahnawaz Rasheed, consultant general surgeon at the Cromwell Hospital, says: ‘People worry about a potential diagnosis, but also perhaps worry more about what happens during an appointment, whether that’s an awkward, personal conversation or an examination. ‘It’s worth remembering that the doctors and nurses are there to help you through any anxieties you may have and to be sensitive to your needs. ‘And there’s no need for embarrassment – we see many patients with similar problems all the time.’ When caught early, 98% of people with bowel cancer will survive for a year or more – this figure halves when caught at a later stage. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum planned her own funeral after terminal bowel cancer diagnosis – before getting ‘miracle’ all clear MORE : I thought my stomach pain was IBS – but it was bowel cancer MORE : How to deal with IBS when dating and staying the night