An engineer has lost his licence after his car called 999 when he crashed while drunk. Alan McShane, 37, was driving his company’s £70,000 Mercedes EQC when he clipped the kerb, activating the airbags. The car, an electric SUV, said to him: ‘We’ve called emergency services, are you alright?’ Paramedics, the fire brigade, and police turned up at the scene and he was found to be more than three times over the legal limit for alcohol. McShane had gone out after work on May 16 to watch Newcastle United’s win against Arsenal. But prosecutor Sarah Malkinson said he was so drunk that he fell asleep while being seen to by health workers in hospital. Tests revealed McShane was more than three times the legal limit. McShane, a gas engineer, had not been intending to get drunk that evening, his lawyer Michael Henderson said. He told Newcastle Magistrates’ Court: ‘He went to work on Monday morning, he worked throughout the day, it’s the old story of nothing to eat, very little to drink, and the plan of action was to go into town, have a meal, watch the game on television and go home. ‘He drove into town in a company Mercedes vehicle, he wasn’t concerned when he parked because he was going to drive it home… ‘The people he met didn’t want to go for food, so he had a drink, and in the early hours of the morning he knew he had to drive the car to work, he was concerned about leaving it parked there because it wasn’t his vehicle. ‘He made a mistake. “Fifteen minutes to drive home to Wallsend”, that’s what he thought, “I will get the car”. Obviously his judgment had been affected by the alcohol he had consumed.’ Lawyer Henderson described McShane as ‘basically a hardworking man who made a significant mistake’. McShane was banned from driving for over two years and ordered to pay £1,730 in fines and costs. Since September 2014, all new Mercedes have been fitted with an emergency call function that notifies rescue services automatically in the event of a serious crash. It can provide GPS position and additional information, such as the number of people in the vehicle and its direction of travel.