While periods can be a happy reminder that our bodies are working as they should, they come with a lot of expense and hassle. According to research, the average person who has regular periods spends almost £5,000 and goes through over 11,000 disposable menstrual products over their lifetime. As well as the personal cost, there’s the environmental impact these throwaway items create – both in our waterways and in landfills. Up until a while back, it didn’t seem like there were many options to move away from tampons and pads, but new technology has changed the game. Nowadays, you can buy period pants that are reusable and effective, saving you money and doing your bit for the environment. Here are just some of the reasons to make the switch. As mentioned, the price of disposable menstrual products can really add up. Depending on the ones you choose, a pair of period pants will set you back about £20. You’ll need five to seven pairs for a standard cycle, but these can be washed and reused for years to come. Looking at averages suggesting we spend roughly £10 a month on tampons and pads, that means a saving of £220 over three years. It’s estimated by Thames Water that around 2.5 million tampons, 1.4 million sanitary pads, and 700,000 panty liners are flushed every single day in the UK. The infamous Whitechapel ‘fatberg’ was also found to contain a number of disposable menstrual items. By switching to period pants, you’re reducing the vast amounts of plastic pollution and waste that come from single-use products. Sustainability is at the core of these brands’ offerings above being reusable. For example, Wuka period pants are Carbon Neutral+, while Modibodi use merino wool that’s 100% biodegradable. Just like tampons and pads, you can get different varieties of period underwear to suit your needs. Modibodi, for example, has absorbency levels from Super-Light to Heavy-Overnight, in Sensual, Classic and Seamfree styles. Metro.co.uk Lifestyle Editor Ellen Scott gave them a whirl, saying: ‘I wore them all day and didn’t experience a single spill or leak, despite my concerns.’ There’s nothing wrong with ‘free bleeding’, but that’s not what these do. Absorbent materials hold up to ten tampons’ worth of blood, helping you avoid leaks and stay feeling dry for hours. One obvious benefit of period pants over pads and liners is the comfort they provide. Rather than plastic and scratchy materials, they feel just like wearing a normal pair of knickers. They’re suitable for people with vaginismus or other issues that may mean inserting a tampon is difficult, and reduce the risk of toxic shock syndrome (commonly associated with tampons). Because tampons need to be inserted into the vagina, they can cause tiny tears and allow Staphylococcus aureus bacteria to enter your body – something mitigated by organic and BCI cotton period pants. They’ll also rid you of that awful dry feeling that comes from wearing tampons throughout your cycle. If you’re ready to make the switch to a more planet-friendly (and purse-friendly) period, we love these sustainable and affordable brands. Wuka recently launched the world’s first adjustable and detachable period pants, perfect for those with limited mobility or for changing on the go. Priced from £15.99 per pair and available in bikini-style, Wuka Flex comes in two designs: one with a detachable strap made with super soft sustainably sourced BCI cotton, and one with featuring the signature WUKA logo on a non-detachable strap and made with sustainable organic cotton. Both styles cater for medium and heavy flows. Try Wuka here, and use discount code MYFLEX for 20% off. There are so many styles to choose from at Modibodi, from seamfree pairs that won’t give you a VPL to boyleg shorts offering greater coverage. Using Modifier Air Technology, microfibre, and merino wool, they wick moisture for optimum comfort. Prices normally start at £14 for a thong with Super-Light absorbency, and there are bargains to be had across the range in the retailer’s midseason sale. Try Modibodi here. With prices starting from £21.13, there are a range of style of period pants available from Thinx. The brand’s breathable, reusable products are safely made with cotton, nylon, and elastane for a little stretch. Try Thinx here. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Struggling to sleep in the heat? Reviewers say these bed sheets keep them cool ‘all night long’ MORE : Mum of 12 who’s been pregnant for 17 years says she is done having kids