A British woman raped on a beach on Crete says she is ‘100%’ certain her dad was not responsible. She accused police on the Greek island of letting her rapist ‘roam free’ after wrongly arresting and charging her 62-year-old father. Yesterday her dad, who cannot be named for legal reasons, pleaded not guilty in court in the Cretan capital of Heraklion. Denying charges of rape, sexual abuse and domestic violence, he told the judge: ‘I could never rape my own daughter. No one could do such a thing. I am not guilty.’ He was remanded in custody and, under Greek law, his trial must take place within the next 18 months. The man’s 33-year-old daughter, who also cannot be named for legal reasons, came to visit him in court and was seen hugging him before he faced the judge. She has been protesting against his arrest and criticising the police’s actions on social media and says she won’t leave Crete without him. Police arrested the man on Saturday after his daughter reported that she had been raped two days earlier in the town of Malia on a night out. She admitted being drunk and said she couldn’t remember anything about her attacker. Police say her dad made lewd gestures towards his daughter in a bar where they were both drinking last week. They accuse him of hitting her in the face, dragging her to a deserted beach and raping her. But the woman says her father was back in the hotel at the time of the attack. She told MailOnline: ‘I can tell you 100% that he did not rape me. I live with my dad in the UK, I was on holiday with him in Greece and he’s the best dad in the world. ‘There is no way he would do something so disgusting. I’ve told the Greek police this, but they are just ignoring me.’ She said she is ‘100%’ convinced that DNA samples from the pair and CCTV evidence will clear her father’s name. Police say surveillance footage shows the woman’s father, dressed in all white, beating and sexually assaulting his daughter. But the victim claimed there had been a mix-up, adding: ‘I told them that my father was wearing white clothes, not my attacker. But they misunderstood and thought it was my attacker who had white clothes on. ‘That’s just one example of what a mess they’ve made of the investigation.’ In her complaint to the police, the woman said an unknown man stopped and raped her in the early hours of Thursday morning in a narrow street near a bar where she’d been drinking with her dad earlier. Medical examiners told local newspaper Neakriti that the woman was ‘covered’ in injures that were consistent with stones and branches found on the beach. They said she also had injuries consistent with rape, and that DNA samples have been collected. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.