A former Tory minister has submitted one of the most critical no confidence letters in Boris Johnson so far, saying that there were no circumstances where he could ever serve in his government. Jesse Norman confirmed he had submitted a letter to Sir Graham Brady calling for a confidence vote in the prime minister. Posting his letter on social media today, Mr Norman, the MP for Hereford and South Herefordshire, said Mr Johnson had presided over ‘a culture of casual law-breaking’ in No 10 and that his claim to be vindicated by the Sue Gray report was ‘grotesque’. He went on to say that his current policy priorities were ‘deeply questionable’, including the ‘unnecessary and provocative’ move to privatise Channel 4 ‘at a significant cost to the independent UK film and TV industry’. Any breach of the Northern Irish Protocol would be ‘economically very damaging, politically foolhardy and almost certainly illegal’, he added. ‘You are the leader of the Conservative and Unionist party, yet you are putting the Union itself gravely at risk,’ he said. He also accused the prime minister of trying to act like a president and centralise power in Number 10, which is ‘entirely foreign to our constitution and law’. The move to criminalise ‘noisy’ protests was something ‘no genuinely Conservative government’ should have done, he added. He said the Government’s Rwanda policy was ‘ugly, likely to be counterproductive and of doubtful legality’. Overall, he accused him of having no long term plan but ‘keep changing the subject and to create political and cultural dividing lines mainly for your advantage, at a time when the economy is struggling, inflation is soaring and growth is anaemic at best’. He said that he wrote the letter with ‘great sadness’, as he had supported Mr Johnson in the London mayoral elections and as Tory leader in 2016 and 2019. Responding to Conservative MP Jesse Norman’s statement, Sajid Javid said MPs are ‘entitled to their views”. Speaking to BBC Breakfast, the Health Secretary said his colleagues are ‘entitled to their views and to express them and that’s how we come to a decision’. ‘Jesse’s entitled his views,’ he added. ‘I’m entitled to my views and my view is that we don’t need a leadership election. ‘What we need is to all rally around the Prime Minister and focus on delivery and deliver for the British people.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.