Boris Johnson has reportedly vowed not to ‘surrender’ to rail unions amid the latest wave of announced strike action. Walkouts have already jeopardised travel plans to events such as the Glastonbury Festival and an England cricket Test match against New Zealand. Members of the Aslef union are the latest to announce industrial action in a dispute over pay. Strikes at Hull Trains will take place on June 26, at Greater Anglia on June 23 and on Croydon Tramlink on June 28 and 29 and July 13 and 14. Meanwhile, the Transport Salaried Staffs Association (TSSA) is considering similar action. The Prime Minister said in Cabinet that the Department for Transport and the industry has his 1,000 per cent support in this fight,’ a government source told MailOnline. They added: ‘It’s not going to be a question of folding, we’re not going to surrender on this one. ‘It’s not going to be an easy fight for the Rail, Maritime and Transport union where we roll over.’ The source added the Government didn’t want the UK to return to ‘the 1970s’ over ‘inflationary pay rises which led to more inflation.’ Today, the TSSA said it would ballot hundreds of workers for industrial action at train operator Avanti West Coast in a dispute over pay, conditions and job security. The service operates passenger train services from London Euston to Birmingham, Crewe, Liverpool, Manchester and Glasgow. Voting will start on June 15 and close two weeks later, with the union saying strikes could start in mid-July if there is support from members. TSSA general secretary Manuel Cortes said: ‘We could be seeing a summer of discontent across our railways. ‘We are preparing for all options, including co-ordinated strike action.’ An Avanti West Coast spokesman said the company was ‘disappointed’ with the news. He added: ‘Our whole focus now should be securing a thriving future for rail that adapts to new travel patterns and takes no more than its fair share from taxpayers, instead of staging premature industrial action which would disrupt passengers’ lives and put the industry’s recovery at risk.’ Members of the RMT union are already set to strike on Network Rail and 13 train companies later this month. A similar walkout on the London Underground is also set to spur travel chaos. More than 1,000 members are poised to protest at ‘plans to slash the value of their pensions and close the existing final salary scheme’. Meanwhile north of the border, a deal struck with train drivers could soon resolve a dispute over pay. Hundreds of trains were axed daily last month after newly nationalised operator ScotRail introduced a temporary timetable to deal with a shortage of drivers. Drivers’ union Aslef have tonight said ScotRail offered a 5% pay increase following talks on Thursday. Kevin Lindsay, Aslef’s Scottish organiser, said: ‘We are pleased that today significant progress has been made in our latest round of talks with ScotRail. ‘All these proposals, we believe, represent a breakthrough and significant progress and is a recognition of the vital role our members play for society and the economy. ‘The full Aslef negotiating team is recommending acceptance of the offer to our members through a referendum subject to executive committee approval.’ David Simpson, service delivery director at ScotRail, added: ‘We’ve made a really good offer which recognises the cost-of-living challenges faced by families across the country and delivers good value for the public. ‘The railway plays a vital role in growing the economy and connecting communities. ‘Now more than ever we all need to work together to attract more people to the railway as we recover from the impact of the pandemic.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.