Love Island star Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu found herself at the centre of drama again after trying to set-up a secret rendezvous between Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack. Following the shock recoupling which saw bombshell Danica Taylor tear Luca Bish away from Gemma Owen, cracks were beginning to show between the other couples, notably Dami and Amber Beckford. Jay Younger seemed to be the first to notice that Dami actually has a strong connection with Indiyah, after noticing a cute interaction between the pair in the bedroom. ‘What about you two?’ Jay asked Dami, who replied: ‘Yeah I would definitely do that.’ ‘I f**king knew it!’ an excited Jay said, adding: ‘So why don’t you make a move on Indiyah then?’ Dami explained: ‘I don’t wanna really…on the outside world I could talk to Amber and Indiyah separately and I’d be having the best time of my life. ‘I can’t do that [in the villa] because it’s going to, like, explode.’ However, Jay wasn’t the only one to spot the flirtation as Ekin-Su later pressed Dami on it later on that night. ‘You’re not into her it’s so obvious,’ Ekin-Su told Dami referring to Amber who he’s been coupled up with from the start. Dami then admitted he had a thing for Indiyah, prompting Ekin-Su to suggest they have a secret meeting on the terrace (speaking from experience, of course). When Dami shut that suggestion down, Ekin-Su then suggested other areas of the villa before their conversation was awkwardly interrupted by Amber who came to sit with them. The group struggled to change the topic after discussing the chemistry between Indiyah and Dami behind Amber’s back, leading to a dramatic episode ending. Earlier in the episode, Indiyah admitted she was struggling to find the ‘spark’ between her and Ikenna Ekwonna. ‘Sometimes I feel like I should know more,’ Indiyah told Davide Sanclimente, Andrew Le Page and Tasha Ghouri. ‘Maybe our personalities are just too different. For example me and Dami just bounce off each other. I’m starting to feel like something is missing but we don’t have the spark,’ she added. Love Island airs nightly at 9pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island shocker as Danica Taylor chooses to couple up with Luca Bish leaving Gemma Owen fuming MORE : Crash director and James Bond screenwriter Paul Haggis ‘arrested in Italy on suspicion of sexual assault’ 