Elon Musk’s daughter’s request to change her name and gender has been granted, it has been claimed. The 18-year-old recently filed documents to change her gender recognition from male to female. She also asked if her moniker could be changed to Vivian Jenna Wilson – dropping the Tesla CEO’s surname and using her mom’s maiden name instead. According to reports, this has now been approved by a judge. Court documents, obtained by TMZ, reportedly show that a County Superior Court judge in LA signed off on the teenager’s paperwork. Vivian’s request for a gender change was also granted, and she will be issued with a new birth certificate soon, reflecting these updates. She reportedly filed the documents asking for the changes to be made shortly after she celebrated her 18th birthday, but they came to light earlier this week. The reason cited in the paperwork is thought to state: ‘Gender Identity and the fact that I no longer live with or wish to be related to my biological father in any way, shape or form.’ Elon shares five children with ex-wife Justine, who he was married to between 2000 and 2008. During their marriage, they welcomed Vivian and her twin brother, Griffin, and triplets Kai, Saxon and Damian. Tragically, the former couple’s first son, Nevada, died at 10 weeks old in 2002 of SIDS (Sudden Infant Death Syndrome). The tech mogul also has X Æ A-Xii (nicknamed X), two, and Exa Dark Sideræl (nicknamed Y), six months, with singer Grimes. Justine recently shared an exchange she had with one of her twins after news of Vivian’s documents emerged. Taking to Twitter on Monday, she told her followers about a discussion she had with one of her eldest children, but didn’t specify which teenager she was referring to. In a post shared on Twitter, she didn’t specify which of the twins she spoke to, but told followers: ‘”I had a weird childhood,” my 18 year old said to me. “I can’t believe I’m as normal-seeming as I am”. ‘I said, “I’m very proud of you. I’m proud of myself!”’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 