Adele Roberts and her girlfriend Kate Holderness have been lighting up our lives with their love for one another. BBC Radio 1 DJ Adele and actress Kate have been each other’s rocks through thick and thin, with the I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! star recently declaring she’s ‘going to have to marry’ her partner for being an ‘absolute angel’ throughout her bowel cancer journey. The pair have been in a long-term relationship for several years and are stronger and closer than ever. So today, Adele and Kate are both taking on the role of Metro.co.uk’s very own LGBTQ+ agony aunts, and they’re here to provide advice on a sticky wedding situation. Dear Adele and Kate, My partner and I have recently got engaged. While we’re super excited about wedding plans and tying the knot, some of my older family members are still disapproving of my relationship. I really want them to be there to celebrate my special day and for them to be involved (e.g. I want my dad to walk me down the aisle). However, at the moment, they don’t want to come to the wedding at all. How do I talk them around? Kate: Firstly, congratulations on your engagement! We’re so excited for you! I’m really sorry to hear that some members of your family might be choosing not to share your special day with you. This is really heartbreaking to read and also a tough one to solve. While it’s very easy as a stranger to just say ‘forget them, their loss, it’s their problem’ – this is your family. You love them. You want them to be there, but you also want them to WANT to be there. Possibly a part of you also wants to persuade them to come because you hope that one day in the future they might feel differently and regret not being at your wedding. I think the only way to navigate this is to make sure that YOU have no regrets. Tell your family how much it means to you that they are a part of your wedding. Send the invites. If they still refuse to attend, act with grace and treat them with the kindness and love you would have liked for them to have extended to you. Inform them that you’re sorry they feel as they do, they will be sadly missed on your big day and you love them anyway…because that’s what families do. Then go and marry the love of your life surrounded by people who can’t wait to celebrate your marriage! Adele: In addition to Kate’s lovely words, which I wholly agree with, something that’s helped me a lot in life is something Oprah once said: ‘If they knew better, they would do better’. Sometimes people aren’t ready to be the person you need them be and that’s totally not your fault. It’s their issue, not yours. Me and Kate are sending you all our love and hope you have the best day because you deserve it! Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  