Ukraine are now just one win away from a place at the World Cup in Qatar after beating Scotland 3-1 at Hampden on Wedneday night. It was an emotional evening for the Ukrainians as they played with the backdrop of the ongoing war in their home country, but they did not let it distract them, clearly the better side for the majority of the contest. Scotland struggled to find their best form at all in Glasgow and other than throwing bodies forward in the latter stages, they didn’t really trouble their visitors. Andriy Yarmolenko got behind the Scotland back line on 33 minutes and calmly lobbed the ball over Craig Gordon to give Ukraine the lead. Benfica’s Roman Yaremchuk doubled the away team’s lead just four minutes into the second half as he got above his marker far too easily on the edge of the six-yard box to nod home. John McGinn had the perfect opportunity to half the deficit on 67 minutes as he headed a simple chance wide of the post, really deflating the Scots as they fought to get back into the contest.  The home side did get back into it, though, as a Callum McGregor shot somehow found its way over the line after a dreadful bit of handling from goalkeeper Heorhiy Bushchan. A desperate dive from a defender on the line seemed to clear the ball but the referee gave the goal and Scotland were just one goal behind with 11 minutes of the 90 to play. They huffed and puffed but they lacked quality throughout the evening, in truth, and it was Ukraine that looked more likely to score another goal on the break more than anything. That is exactly what happened in the last moments as Artem Dovbykat broke away and hammered the ball past Gordon with the final kick of the match. The game finished 3-1 and it is Ukraine who head to Cardiff on Sunday to take on Wales in the final play-off, with the winners going on to take their place in Qatar. MORE : Tearful Oleksandr Zinchenko thanks Scotland fans for Ukraine national anthem gesture MORE : Andy Robertson sends message to Scotland teammates ahead of Ukraine World Cup play-off For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 