As a TikTok-busting, viral media sensation, Coventry’s newly-famous chippy has a reputation that precedes it. In the hour I spend shuffling along in the queue, the home of the Morbius meal deal will probably have ratcheted up more social media views than most Harry Ramsden’s will see in a lifetime. The brash red frontage is a giant bull’s eye for crowds who snake out of a car park and onto the pavement outside. There is a good-natured buzz among the predominantly Gen Z clientele, who include a group making a round trip from Bristol and two young men doing the same from Gatwick. Roaring engines from cruisers in the car park and a faint whiff of cannabis complete the scene on Thursday, although these elements are not from those of us lining up for a virally-endorsed supper. Fandom kudos among those I chat to goes to four young Americans who have met online to make the trip to the Binley Road. My jaw drops. As I reach the long counter, they hold things up further by ordering T-shirts, but no one minds. A server at the far end shouts ‘next!’ and I wave like I’m emulating a naff meme and make my way through the crowd. TikTok largess aside, I can finally see what the top trending chippy does for the taste buds. I go for chips, small fish and mushy peas, which sets me back £8.30. I’m asked if I want my fare open or closed and when I ask for the latter I’m handed an oblong of white polystyrene almost as long as a sheet of A4. Viral clips have focussed on the car park outside, as there is no seating, and my first bite is accompanied by a frenzied burst of revs from a scene resembling an audition for a grime video. The chips are fat, soft, perfectly golden and medium fried. The fact they haven’t been sitting around – my server had to queue a few seconds to get to the fryer – is clearly a blessing. The fish is soft and tender within a distinct bronzed, crispy batter that is easy to break off with the fingers. The mushy peas slathered on top, as I had requested, taste like they had been freshly made, and there’s a welcome tang of lemon to the mix too. The component parts all had the right textures and heat, with few hints of grease despite the plentiful load. Chicken and lamb kebabs each have their own dedicated overhead menus, and there’s a line in £1 pineapple fritters. One of the Americans tried a wrap, which he gave top marks, although they did seem impressed simply by having traditional British fare with added salt and vinegar. As I make my way back past the unabating queue, there’s a litany of discarded chip papers along the pavements and on the grass verges. A resident had waved an arm to shoo off a group who had pulled up near me, with one young man cracking open a bottle of beer, as I parked in one of the few available spaces in a side street. It seems petty to mark Binley Mega Chippy down for matters outside of its front door, but the trending venue would do well to banish the less welcome hallmarks of its fame. The fish and chips deserve no less. I’ll be more than partial to a return visit, although it might be once the social media frenzy has swept on. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.