A mum’s dream holiday was ruined after a quad bike accident led to her finger being amputated. Lucy-lou Merner, from Newton Pagnell, Milton Keyens, flipped the vehicle over swerving to avoid a rock in Morocco. She was taken to hospital after severing a finger and was left in excruciating pain. The 40-year-old had agreed to go on the quad bike adventure across the rocky desert for what was meant to be a birthday surprise. Lucy-lou, a beauty salon owner, said: ‘When my husband said, ‘oh God, your finger’, I knew it was hanging off without even looking. ‘When I got to the hospital, I was just in total shock – doctors tried to re-attach my finger but prepared me for the worst. ‘I’ve had three surgeries now but I’m still in constant pain and I’ve barely been out since. ‘People assume quad biking is just one of those fun things to do on holiday and don’t realise how dangerous it can be.’ Lucy-lou recalled screaming as she tried to get her chest and hands free from the quad bike. Doctors temporarily re-attached her finger to stem the blood flow before they got an emergency flight back to the UK the following morning. She said: ‘He prepared me for the worst but at that point I was just in shock. ‘I was screaming and hysterical when the accident happened, but by this point I just went silent.’ Lucy-lou visited a hand specialist at John Radcliffe Hospital, Oxford. She then had surgery to remove the semi-attached finger before more surgery a few days later because of an infection. Doctors also moved her thumb towards her fingers to close the gap where her index finger had been. After her final surgery, she then returned home to Milton Keynes. Lucy-lou has to have regular check-ups with doctors over risks of infection and potential nerve damage. She said: ‘I’ve built up clients at my salon for years and years but I don’t know if I will ever be able to do treatments again. ‘At the moment, I can’t properly move my middle finger so I can’t do people’s eyelashes, tans, fillers or any of the things I normally do. ‘People really put their guard down on holiday, and that was what I did – I don’t know what possessed me to go on it. ‘I was allowed to go on a really rocky path when I’d never been on a quad before in my life. ‘Since then I’ve found out how many accidents people can have on quad bikes. ‘People assume it is just one of those fun things to do on holiday and don’t realise how dangerous it can be.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.