Justin Bieber has given his fans a further update on his current condition after he revealed his diagnosis with Ramsay Hunt syndrome, a disease that causes facial paralysis. The singer, 28, shared on Friday that he is suffering from the rare illness, days after confirming postponements of his upcoming Justice world tour. On Tuesday, he posted again on Instagram, giving a further update on how he was doing since he first opened up about his diagnosis. He told fans he wanted to ‘share a little bit’ of how he’s been feeling and thanked Jesus for being ‘with him’ in his post. Justin wrote: ‘Each day has gotten better and through all of the discomfort I have found comfort in the one who designed me and knows me. I’m reminded he knows all of me. ‘He knows the darkest parts of me that I want no one to know about, and he constantly welcomes me into his loving arms. He went on to add: ‘This perspective has given me peace during this horrific storm that I’m facing. ‘I know this storm will pass but, in the meantime, Jesus is with me.’ The Sorry singer had recently cancelled some dates on his Justice World Tour and took to Instagram to share the reason with fans late last week. He explained: ‘Hey everyone Justin here, I wanted to update you guys on what’s been going on. ‘Obviously, as you can probably see with my face, I have this syndrome called Ramsay Hunt syndrome and it is from this virus that attacks the nerves in my ear and my facial nerves and has caused my face to have paralysis.’ Justin added that it was ‘pretty serious’ and told fans: ‘Obviously my body is telling me I’ve got to slow down.’ In the video, fans could see Justin was suffering from paralysis on one side of his face, where he was unable to blink, flare his nostril and smile on the right side of his face. Justin recently revealed that the upcoming shows on his 130-date tour would be cancelled due to a ‘non-Covid related illness.’ Ramsay Hunt syndrome is a complication of the disease known as shingles. It is the name given to describe the symptoms of a shingles infection affecting the facial nerve. According to the NHS, symptoms of Ramsay Hunt syndrome include blisters in the ears and on the roof of the mouth, as well as facial weakness. It can be treated with steroids, antiviral medication and facial rehabilitation. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lizzo changes offensive lyric in new song after backlash: ‘I never want to promote derogatory language’ MORE : Emily Eavis admits Stormzy’s history-making Glastonbury performance should have happened sooner 