Everyone’s favourite Sesame Street muppet has gotten his first Covid-19 vaccination in a PSA to encourage people to get their children vaccinated. Elmo, who is meant to be aged three (but has actually been around since 1980), stars in a new Sesame Street Youtube video where he shows off his plasters after being vaccinated, describing it as ‘a little pinch, but it was okay!’ The news follows the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) authorizing the first Covid-19 vaccines for children under age 5. The furry red puppet, who almost always refers to himself in third person, getting vaccinated is meant to encourage parents who are uncertain about vaccinating their children… because a puppet is sure to convince them. In the PSA clip, Elmo’s dad Louie shares his concerns before Elmo was vaccinated, like whether it was ‘safe’ and the ‘right decision’. He continues: ‘I learned that Elmo getting vaccinated is the best way to keep himself, our friends, neighbors, and everyone else healthy and enjoying the things they love.’ The one-minute clip sparked backlash from anti-vaxxers, with Texas Senator Ted Cruz tweeting: ‘Thanks, @seasmestreet for saying parents are allowed to have questions! You then have @elmo aggressively advocate for vaccinating children under 5. But you cite ZERO evidence for this,’ while other Twitter users replied back to Cruz suggesting he ‘watches way too much TV’. Elsewhere, the clip garnered support for encouraging parents to talk to pedeatricians for more information, and ‘trying to tell kids that vaccines are safe to use and the smart thing to do to help prevent and fight illness.’ Elmo’s shot comes after another Sesame Street character, Big Bird (who is meant to be six-years-old) received a vaccine last November, and tweeted: ‘My wing is feeling a little sore, but it’ll give my body an extra protective boost that keeps me and others healthy.’ Elmo’s dad Louie got his own vaccination in May last year, when more than half of the US population were not fully vaccinated. At the time, Louie was ‘excited’ to go back to ‘sharing cookies with Cookie Monster,’ ‘play dates, trips, cookouts and sports.’ Back across our side of the pond, last year our very own The Teletubbies also got vaccinated for Covid, in time or their ‘Tubby hot summer’. Tinky Winky, Dipsy, Laa-Laa and Po have all received both their Covid jabs and shared the news with fans in a social media post, which, unsurprisingly, sparked quite the reaction. Alongside a photo of four cards confirming they were all double dosed with the Noo-nson jab at the Home Dome Clinic, the four piece released a joint statement via the Teletubbies social media account, which read: ‘We’re all vaxxed! ‘Just in time for a Tubby hot summer. Who’s ready to come out & play?’ ‘Was an antivaxxer but after seeing this I’m going to get me and my three kids vaccinated,’ wrote one follower. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sesame Street actor Emilio Delgado who starred as Luis dies aged 81 following cancer battle MORE : Sesame Street introduces first Asian American Muppet to teach viewers about racism 