From paper bottles to biodiversity methods employed at vineyards, many winemakers are making efforts to try to minimise the environmental impact of their industry. Here we’ve selected six wines with some serious sustainability credentials for you to enjoy. Single-use glass bottles make up 39 per cent of the wine industry’s overall carbon emissions, which partly explains the recent popularity of boxed wine. When In Rome has taken it one step further with its paper bottle wine (think bag in a bottle, rather than box), which is made from 94 per cent recycled paper. Love a stat? The carbon footprint of When In Rome’s bottle is a quarter of the footprint associated with the average glass wine bottle – and the manufacturing process has less impact too. It takes 2.5 litres of water to make a 345g glass bottle but only 0.6 litres to make one of When In Rome’s bottles. Buy it for £10.99 at When In Rome Wine. For a fantastic fizz, look no further than Gusbourne, which grows its grapes in Kent and West Sussex. It’s a founding member of Sustainable Wines of Great Britain, whose branding proves the vineyard in question adheres to the highest sustainable practices. Standards are high: out of 500 commercial vineyards and 160 wineries in England and Wales, only 14 have been certified. Initiatives at Gusbourne’s vineyards include the planting of wildflower blocks to encourage biodiversity and the use of organic fertilisers such as seaweed. Buy it for £59 at Gusbourne. Glass bottles require huge amounts of energy to produce, transport and recycle, which is why we’re excited about the growing popularity of canned wine. Our favourite canned tipple? This delicious malbec from Wild Steps, a brand known for its use of sustainably sourced organic ingredients and partnerships with environmental charities, which receive ten per cent of the profit from every can sold. Current beneficiaries include the British Beekeepers Association and the Woodland Trust. Buy it for £4.30 per can at Amps Wine Merchants. This fabulously fruity wine is made by Portuguese wine producer Symington Family Estates, which has joined up with Rewilding Portugal. This brilliant non-profit helps restore wildlife corridors in northern Portugal – vital habitats for species such as Iberian lynxes, wolves and black storks. Sounds like a good reason to crack open a bottle… Buy it for £10 at Sainsburys. Adnams’ boxed wines include a fabulous tempranillo shiraz, although it’s the organic Verdejo sauvignon blanc that is the perfect tipple for a summer’s day. Interestingly, the carbon footprint of a wine box is ten times smaller than a single-use bottle, largely due to the reduced weight of the packaging. Buy it for £19.99 at Adnams. The South Africa-based Journey’s End vineyard converted to solar power in 2014, was certified Fairtrade in 2017 and was named Ethical Company of the Year at the Drinks Business Green Awards in 2020 – the same year the company launched the Journey’s End Foundation, a non-profit organisation founded to tackle poverty in the Helderberg region of Stellenbosch. Phew. Buy it for £10 at Sainsburys. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. MORE : Inside one of the UK’s top sparkling wine vineyards as Sussex gets Champagne-style status MORE : These are the easiest household switches to boost sustainability MORE : Inside one of the UK’s top sparkling wine vineyards as Sussex gets Champagne-style status