A great pair of gym leggings can make all the difference. When you find that perfect fit; ones that aren’t see-through, don’t fall down when you squat, that hold all your wobbly bits in place when you’re running – it can be a game-changer. But with so many pairs of leggings on the market – ranging from under £20 to more than £100, all purporting to have different, specialist functions – it can be hard to know which pair to invest in. Then there’s the fact that some activewear looks great fresh out of the package, yet is uncomfortable or unfit for purpose once you actually start exercising. So, to help you avoid buyer’s remorse, we had a scout around to find the best options on the market in 2022. These are the most flattering, functional, affordable and stylish gym leggings that are on our wish-list right now: Gymshark’s leggings are great all-rounders, in a breathable fabric and with a handy pocket for your workout essentials. We adore the stylish ‘Bali green’ colourway, and the functional high-waisted design with loops for tying a top around your waist. Buy them for £40. A slighter lower-rise waistband allow for a greater range of movement, and the material is soft and breathable – perfect for running or gym classes. There’s a slight compression to the fabric, which is great for keeping everything in place during a HIIT session. Buy them for £47.97 (reduced from £79.95). Spin class warriors – these leggings are for you. They’re purpose-built for indoor cycling, and are vented, soft, lightweight and full of stretch. There’s also a built-in pad on the bum to avoid chafing when the instructor gets demanding. Get them for £85. An affordable fave, these super flexible and soft leggings are flattering and look great in the gym (as well as at brunch afterwards). Fashionista fitness fanatics will also love that you can get matching items, for a polished workout look that doesn’t break the bank. Buy them for £32. Runners will love these active, high-performance, high waistband, and hi-vis tights. The V-shaped waist highlights your shape, while New Balance Dry Technology wicks sweat away from the skin, drawing it out of the fabric to help speed up evaporation. Buy them for £42 at Asos. We love these affordable leggings in this cute olive green colour. With a laid-back fit and the option to buy a matching crop, they’ll take you from barre to the bar. Buy them for £18 at Asos. Lululemon has a reputation as the staple of fancy yoga classes and boot camps – and this is for good reason. Despite being pricey, these are a cult favourite because they feel buttery soft and practically weightless, allowing you to move without restriction. Shop the range of styles from £44 to £88. Tala is a firm favourite here at Metro.co.uk, and the soft feel of the Dayflex range coupled with the flattering ‘wrap’ fit, makes these leggings a winner. Because they don’t have a side seam, they’re super comfy – plus you won’t end up with that weird line on your skin once you take them off. Buy them for £59. Another Gymshark fave, we love these seamless pants (available in blue, yellow, or charcoal) with a subtle animal print design and sweat-wicking finish. This pair also have that TikTok-famous ruched detailing on the bum, to give your derriere the definition it deserves. Buy them for £50. This figure-hugging cut is perfect for gym workouts – and the high, elasticated waist will quickly make them your favourite pair. Under Armour’s lightweight jersey fabric means they can be worn under shorts or tracksuit bottoms too, keeping you warm on cold days. Buy them for £30 at Asos. For something more eye-catching, fashion brands like Daisy Street have some surprisingly sturdy leggings. These printed numbers are smooth and super stretchy, available up to size 28. Buy them for £18.75 (reduced from £25) at Asos. These Sweaty Betty leggings are on the more expensive side, but they are worth the money. They have all the usual features you’d expect, such as sweat-wicking and quick-drying capabilities, and are suitable for any type of exercise. Buy them for £80. These super functional full-length leggings are currently on sale – reduced from £70. Designed for hiking, they’re made with FlashDry technology that helps keep you cool on the trail. The eco-conscious among us will also happy to know they’re made with recycled materials, and are extremely durable so you won’t need to keep buying new pairs. Buy them for £42 (reduced from £70). This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : George’s Wonderfit Jeans grow with you, fitting up to three dress sizes ‘like a second skin’ MORE : The 20-minute workout: The power of opposites workout MORE : How to cook the perfect, juicy steak on a BBQ