Babies are the latest long-term casualities of the pandemic, experts are suggesting. Children born during the pandemic are ‘falling behind’ according to early learning staff and scientists. Due to lockdowns and restrictions on social interaction, milestones like talking and crawling are happening later. Dominique Spencer, who directs the Jubilee JumpStart early learning center in Washington DC, revealed many children are now less advanced socially than those from before the pandemic began. Studies show children born after March 2020 are less likely to be able to vocalize and are yet to develop social skills such as sharing and waiting their turn. This has led to more fights and stalled their mental and emotional growth. Brown University scientists even spotted a 23% decrease in ‘pandemic’ babies scores in cognitive tests. Speaking to USA Today, Dominique said that normally babies begin to walk and become more physically active during the spring and summer months. But since Covid hit, she has not seen this occurring as often. She said: ‘They’re still growing, because they always grow, but it’s at a slower pace.’ Emily Levitt, the vice president of one of America’s largest tutoring networks called Sylvan learning, also has this view. She said that recently they had been inundated with requests for lessons from parents with children less than three years old. ‘We often get this question of, “Is this child pandemic behind or are they actually behind?”,’ she explained. ‘And getting to the correct answer for each child is not always easy.’ Further evidence of the issue is mounting, as a paper published in JAMA this year found babies were less likely to be crawling and smiling at themselves in a mirror within six months. Their problem solving skills were also affected. In the UK, a survey of teachers released in May found those teaching young children were more likely to be biting and hitting in the classroom than before. Ofsted has also suggested children are struggling with basic skills such as writing, speaking and group activities. What the long-term implications will be are unknown, but it’s clear that a lack of social interaction may have stifled child development – and the pandemic is to blame. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Child porn viewing is at record levels – but is supporting would-be perpetrators the way to stop it? MORE : Parents should check children for hepatitis after another 18 are found in UK MORE : The best books for children and young people about LGBTQ+ identity