David Beckham, Dame Julie Andrews and Geri Halliwell were among the stars commemorating the ‘remarkable’ Queen on her Platinum Jubilee. The celebrations have started with force across the UK, with Meghan Markle and Prince Harry returning for the festivities. While Prince Louis was all of us with his many, many facial expressions while taking in the Trooping the Colour parade. Marking the day from a little further away than the Royal balcony, football icon David shared various pictures of the monarch on Instagram, heaping praise on her time on the throne. Beside the upload, he penned: ‘Today, we celebrate our Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. 70 years of service and inspirational leadership of our country. ‘Let’s come together and commemorate her remarkable reign with a great British party these next few days.’ Sir Paul McCartney recalled fangirling over the Royal and describing her as a ‘babe’ in a new interview with Gayle King, as you do. Sharing a throwback from 1996 as they stood beside each other, he added on Instagram: ‘70 beautiful years of Queen Elizabeth the second. Congrats ma’ am! And thanks – Paul.’ Dame Julie Andrews reflected on the speech she gave on her 21st birthday in a sweet video shown on BBC News. ‘Your Majesty, I well remember the beautiful radio speech you gave on your 21st birthday,’ the Sound of Music star began. ‘You pledged yourself in service to the people of Britain and the Commonwealth, and I feel that in all the years since you have never betrayed that promise. ‘I would like to say my warmest congratulations to you, Ma’am. And thank you.’ Cilla star Sheridan Smith also shared her Royal memory on the important day, explaining how much it meant to her personally. ‘Your Majesty, one of the last memories I have of my dear father was of him escorting me to Buckingham Palace to receive my OBE,’ she said in another video. ‘It was a very special day for him too and one that he cherished dearly as you have touched the hearts of generation upon generation. ‘You are beloved by children, parents, grandparents and great-grandparents. Your selflessness and dedication to duty is beyond compare. ‘I just wanted to take this opportunity to say a huge thank you and to send you my best wishes on your Platinum Jubilee.’ Spice Girl Geri Horner shared two posts on Instagram to commemorate the occasion, with the caption: ‘Today we celebrate HRH, our Queen ‘s 7O years of service and inspirational leadership.’ Beside a throwback of the Queen meeting the famous group, she added: ‘HRH, our Queen’s 7O years of service and inspirational leadership.’ Other stars shared congratulatory video messages for the Queen during coverage of the lighting of the Jubilee beacons on Thursday night, with Hugh Jackman, Michelle Obama and Catherine Zeta-Jones among those who sent their ‘warmest wishes’ to the monarch. There are a string of celebrations kicking off all over the country, with a selection of garden parties to boot. If you don’t fancy leaving the house, the BBC is co-hosting a huge Platinum Jubilee party, with iconic acts including Diana Ross, Queen + Adam Lambert, Sir Rod Stewart, Duran Duran and Alicia Keys taking to the stage. Andrea Bocelli, Sir Elton John, Diversity, Craig David and Eurovision runner-up Sam Ryder will also be taking part. Viewers can watch the whole bash live on BBC One, or listen on Radio 2, and later relive all the fun on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sir Elton John insists he’s ‘in top health’ after he was pictured in wheelchair ahead of Queen’s Platinum Jubilee performance MORE : Stranger Things Season 4: Who plays newcomer Angela?  