The UK is set for stormy weather – and that could mean misery for hay fever sufferers. People who live in dread of the runny nose and itchy eyes associated with the allergy might hope wet weather could provide some relief. But with the pollen season in full swing, the volatile conditions could actually create a phenomenon referred to as ‘thunder fever’. Stormy conditions could churn up large quantities of pollen in the air that would otherwise float off without aggravating people. Scientists have previously recorded incidents of thunderstorms triggering widespread asthma symptoms, especially among those more likely to suffer hay fever. Allergens expert Max Wiseberg told the Daily Star high pollen counts could cause ‘havoc’ for people sensitive to its effects later this week. He said: ‘According to a report in The European Respiratory review, humidity breaks pollen grains into smaller allergenic particles. ‘These new pollen grains turn into a kind of “super pollen”, and this appears to be more allergenic than normal pollen, causing more severe reactions in sufferers. ‘Storms bring pollen grains down which might have otherwise risen above head height out of harm’s way and whipping up pollen grains and fungal spores near the ground.’ According the Met Office, the remnants of tropical Storm Alex will bring ‘unseasonably’ high winds to the UK from Thursday. Rain is expected to move from west to east, with the unpleasant conditions expected to last into Friday. Oli Claydon, a Met Office spokesperson, said: ‘The wind is the main part of the story – unseasonably strong winds for the time of year. ‘We could see gusts of up to 45mph through Friday. Those sorts of wind speeds will be fairly confined to the far north-west of the UK, but as the low pressure goes over the north of the UK through Saturday, a wider area of the north of the UK could see those sorts of wind speeds. ‘It will be windy everywhere across the UK, but the further south you go, the less influence the low pressure will have.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.