Selling Sunset fans rejoice, as the popular reality programme has been renewed for not one, but two more seasons, Netflix has confirmed. The show follows the likes of Chrishell Stause, Christine Quinn, and Mary Fitzgerald as they navigate their personal and professional lives working as agents in Los Angeles. With all the drama, property porn and incredible fashion we got from season five, fans can expect plenty more to come from the real estate agents of the Oppenheim Group across the upcoming seasons six and seven. Season five dropped only a few months ago, yet production is expected to begin on the next two seasons this summer. Unsurprisingly, followers have gone wild over the news, with fans quoting Netflix’s post with their delight. ‘I CAN’T WAIT,’ one yelled, as another commented: ‘Netflix providing the serotonin I need.’ ‘YAYYYYYYYYY,’ a fan screamed. The upcoming season will be a little different, as fan-favourite Maya Vander has reportedly quit after revealing she suffered a devastating miscarriage at 10 weeks. Hours after the luxury real-estate agent revealed she had suffered a miscarriage just months after a stillbirth, reports emerged that she is leaving the series to focus her efforts on her family and her Miami-based business. Sources told TMZ that Maya made adjustments to her real estate credentials to join the real estate firm Compass. Producers had hoped to Maya return for the next chapter of Selling Sunset, however, insiders have claimed the travel between Miami and Los Angeles had been taxing for her. Another firm favourite who may not be returning next season, despite providing almost all the drama, is Christine, who has quit the Oppenheim Group and insisted that she’s ‘happy to be free’. Following the explosive season five reunion, real estate broker Jason Oppenheim confirmed that the 33-year-old no longer ‘has a place’ at the company. The luxury realtor has revealed that she and husband Christian Richard have set up their own business together, announcing the news with cryptic comments about being your own boss. Although the star isn’t part of the agency anymore, she recently reassured fans that she’ll be back but she will have to be ‘creative’ about her comeback. Elsewhere, the latest season saw the arrival of newbie Chelsea Lazkani, who quickly made her mark on the show after her British accent and iconic looks. Chatting to Metro.co.uk about being the latest addition to the team, the 29-year-old discussed the incredible reaction that she had received from fans before her debut was even aired. She told us: ‘Everyone’s like Black Girl Magic! I’ve been hyped up, I love it! ‘For me, it was so important to not only show who I am being a mother and a real estate agent, but to really sprinkle some of that Black excellence, because I think it’s not shown enough. ‘This is just the beginning and I love it. ‘When I get messages and people are telling me, “Oh my gosh, I’m really thinking about getting my real estate licence”, or “Oh my gosh, you’ve really inspired me, I love your fashion.” I’m like, yes girl! ‘You’re going to see a lot more people like me in these environments. I just love that, it makes me so happy.’ While Chelsea was the latest agent to secure a desk at the fancy office, beside castmates Chrishell, Mary, Emma Hernan, Davina Potratz, Heather Rae Young, Amanza Smith, we can’t wait to see who will be bringing the drama next season. Selling Sunset is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Selling Sunset’s Maya Vander ‘quits Netflix show’ after revealing devastating miscarriage at 10 weeks MORE : Woman earns thousands a month selling toenails, pants, and even spit 