A mum grieving the death of her son has said a psychic from 4,500 miles away told her where his body is. Alex Holland, 27, was found by a dog walker face down in water back in February after he vanished from his home in Hacklinge, Kent in November 2021. His mum Rachel Holland, 50, claims police did not search this area of water where renowned psychic Mary Lawton Johnson from Florida, US, believed Alex was located. Mary believed Alex had been murdered and sent maps to both the police and Rachel about Alex’s location. An inquest on Monday found a post-mortem could not identify the cause of Alex’s death. There was no evidence suggesting it might have been suicide or that violence was used. Instead, the cause of Alex’s death was listed as unknown. A toxicology check found small amounts of alcohol and cocaine in his system but these were not thought to have played a role. And despite the verdict bringing Alex’s family no closer to the truth, his mum is glad it was left open. Rachel and her family are convinced Alex was murdered. She said: ‘It’ll never be over for me as I’ve lost my son forever. I’m glad it was an open verdict as it can be reinvestigated at any time. ‘I just feel numb. I honestly believe my son was murdered. He was found in the water but with no water in his lungs. ‘So, I believe he was dead when he was put in it.’ After being separated from his wife, Alex was living with both of his parents at the time. Rachel last saw Alex on November 28 when she woke him up for work. Psychic Mary told Rachel Alex had been jumped and killed the night he went missing. Rachel added: ‘I’ve said that to the police since day one. I believe he was dragged out of his car and taken in another vehicle and killed. ‘Police wouldn’t believe me – they wouldn’t listen to a single word I said.’ In 2015, the College of Policing advised information from psychics should not be dismissed. A Kent Police spokesperson said: ‘Kent Police has received a complaint regarding the actions taken to search for Alex Holland who was reported missing on Sunday November 28 2021. ‘And whose body was discovered on Thursday February 17 2022 near Hacklinge in Kent. ‘In order to ensure the complaint is looked into fully, it would be inappropriate to comment further.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.