Heavyweight champion Tyson Fury has promised to give Piers Morgan £1million if he ever returns to the ring. ‘The Gypsy King’ announced his retirement from the sport after a stunning knockout win over Dillian Whyte in April. However, since then there have been reports that Tyson could go back to fighting professionally and rumours of a rematch with Oleksandr Usyk circulated. Piers challenged Tyson on the rumours he was due to make a U-turn during Wednesday night’s Uncensored, to which he insisted he won’t. ‘I still mean it, Piers,’ he said. ’I am not going to be fighting any more professional fights. I’m finished.’ The boxing legend admitted that the price tag he’s given for his return would be half a billion, meaning it would be too high to meet. And Tyson vowed to give Piers and his wife Paris a million pounds if he goes back on his word and fights again. Asked whether he would be tempted to come back for unfinished business with Anthony Joshua, he said: ‘No, you know, I don’t care who wins the fight. I wish them both all the luck in the world. ‘And then I told you I was done seven weeks ago. And then there’s some talk me having some exhibition fights, but to be honest with you, I can’t see that coming off either. ‘I’ve got no interest in fighting anymore… enough is enough for me.’ Tyson explained: ‘I put a ridiculous number on today. I said I’ll come back for half a billy, half a billion pounds. That’s £500million. If that’s not ridiculous… I don’t know what is!’ Asked what he would do if that figure was ever on the table, he said: ‘When that number is on the table, I would definitely look at it. Half a billy is half a billy.’ His wife Paris said she was sceptical over his promise to finally walk away. She said: ‘After his first fight with [Deontay] Wilder, I begged him not to fight again. And then he obviously fought on and he had the trilogy and then he’s fought again just the other day in Wembley. ‘And he says he’s definitely quitting and he’s definitely finishing on top but there’s just still a glint in his eyes that I see. I just don’t know, I’d like him to retire.’ Paris continued: ‘Everybody in his family, we’re all happy with everything he’s done, and he’s just done amazing. But I just don’t know there’s something in the back of my mind that thinks Tyson is still itching for certain fights. ‘He tells me no and I would like to believe it. I’m just not quite there. I think I’m with the rest of the public thinking it!’ Piers Morgan Uncensored, airs weeknights at 8pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 