Amber Heard has challenged Johnny Depp to do his own sit-down interview ahead of her upcoming Dateline chat. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor, 59, won his defamation trial against his ex-wife this month, over a 2018 op-ed she wrote in the Washington Post discussing her experience with domestic abuse. He was awarded $10million in damages by the jury, while the 36-year-old won one count of her countersuit, receiving $2m. Following the bombshell court case, Heard spoke out in a tell-all interview with Dateline – snippets of which have been dropping on NBC this week ahead of the full chat airing tonight. However, after Depp took aim at her sit-down chat with Savannah Guthrie and accused her of ‘reimagining and re-litigating matters’ between them, the Aquaman’s team has now responded. ‘If Mr Depp or his team have a problem with this, we recommend that Johnny himself sit down with Savannah Gutherie for an hour and answer all her questions,’ a spokesperson for Heard told Metro.co.uk. Their statement comes after those close to Depp said: ‘It’s unfortunate that while Johnny is looking to move forward with his life, the defendant and her team are back to repeating, reimagining and re-litigating matters that have already been decided by the court and a verdict that was unequivocally decided by a jury in Johnny’s favor.’ After a six-week trial and 13 hours of deliberation, the seven-person jury – made up of five men and two women – found that Heard defamed Depp in the article, despite not naming him. She actress is having to pay $8m to her ex-husband but will be appealing the decision. The Justice League star has maintained that she told the truth on the stand, and that her continuing to speak out is not to get ‘vengeance’ after the verdict. ‘One thing I can tell you is, one thing I’m not is vindictive. This would be a really lousy way to get vengeance,’ she vowed in a brief clip from the interview. ‘As silly as it is to say this out loud, my goal – the only thing I can hope for at this point… I just want people to see me as a human being.’ ‘There’s a binder worth of years of notes dating back to 2011, from the very beginning of my relationship, that were taken by my doctor who I was reporting the abuse to…,’ she continued. ‘Her notes represented years of real-time explanations of what was going on.’ Heard added: ‘I will [stand by my testimony] to my dying day. I know what happened to me. I’m here as a survivor. To my dying day I will stand by every word of my testimony.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dick and Dom back decision to move CBBC online: ‘If you’ve got good shows, kids will find them’ MORE : Kate Bush breaks incredible three chart records as Running Up That Hill finally hits number one thanks to Stranger Things 