Thousands of people have descended onto the Mall to secure a prime spot as the  Platinum Jubilee celebrations kick off with the Trooping the Colour. Royal superfans dressed up in red, white and blue to watch the Queen’s historic birthday parade, which kicked off at 10am. Crowds popped open the bubbly and began singing God Save the Queen as early as 8am today. But the true hardcore fans were those who slept in chairs, tents and even on the pavement overnight. Crowds lined up from Trafalgar Square to Buckingham Palace to watch the event. Some had flown in from as far as Australia, Canada and the United States for the historic occasion to mark the Queen’s 70-year reign, while others came from European countries including Germany and Italy. Royal fan Avital, from Barron Wood, told Metro.co.uk: ‘My mum was here 70 years ago to see the Queen sworn in. ‘She waited all night to get a spot in the mall. ‘I came with my daughter because it’s a bit of history. Never in our lives are we going to experience anything like this again. ‘And things have been so sad for so long so it’s nice to celebrate.’ London couple Yvonne and Martin also came out to see the parade. Yvonne told us: ‘ I’m a monarchist not just a royalist. I believe in the continuity of the monarchy through succession. ‘The Royal Family are a rallying point for the community, they bring everyone together. ‘The Royal Family are always there – in time of joy and sadness. They’re above politics and they have a love for the country and the couple.’ Not everyone managed to get into the Mall, with police warning people to stay away after the famous street quickly filled up. But that did not stop some revellers from enjoying their day. A group set up on the self-proclaimed ‘party-island’ armed with prosecco, cucumber sandwiches and sausage rolls. While they didn’t actually see the Troopping of the Colour or any actual celebrations, a ‘fantastic time’ was still had on the Pall Mall. Samantha Taylor, who travelled from Bexley with her friends and family, said: ‘I’ve never come to London for a big event before, but this is a once in a life time event. We thought let’s just see what happens. We can’t see anything but we though, let’s just soak up the atmosphere.’ Spirits were high as members of the public chatted and joked with police maintaining the perimeter. Several handmade signs hung over the barriers, with one simply saying, ‘thank you’. The procession was briefly interrupted by animal protesters who jumped over the fence of the Mall before being rapidly dragged back by police. The vegan activists, holding placards which read ‘plant based future’ accused the monarchy of having a ‘Royal disregard for all life’, as they called for rewilding of Royal land. The Met said several people have been arrested. Despite the disturbance, the band marched on and continued with the parade as police officers detained members of the group to the side. The ceremony of Trooping the Colour takes place every year to honour the Queen’s birthday, and has marked the official birthday of the British sovereign for more than 260 years. But this year’s extra special parade will see the 1st Battalion, Irish Guards, and more than 1,200 officers and soldiers from the Household Division put on a display of military pageantry on Horse Guards Parade from 11am onwards. Members of the Royal Family travelled on horseback and in carriages down the Mall to Horse Guards Parade, where the ceremony takes place. There were huge cheers as Kate and her children arrived by carriage with Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall. George, Charlotte and Louis smiled and waved enthusiastically as they sat in a row, with Louis the youngest in the middle of his older siblings. The young Cambridges carriage was followed by another carrying the Earl and Countess of Wessex and their children Lady Louise Mountbatten Windsor and Viscount Severn. The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester and the Princess Royal’s husband Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence processed in the final carriage. On horseback at the rear in their uniforms were the Prince of Wales, the Duke of Cambridge and the Princess Royal, resplendent in their military regalia – including their new Platinum Jubilee medals. But all eyes were really on Seamus the dog –  the official regimental mascot of the Irish Guards. The Queen, 96, is facing ongoing mobility issues and opted to watch the parade from her royal residence. The Prince of Wales is deputising for the Queen, taking the salute and inspecting the troops as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex join the Duchess of Cambridge and other royals to watch the spectacle. Harry and Meghan have been invited by the Queen to watch the event from the Major General’s Office overlooking the parade in Whitehall. They will join senior members of the Royal Family, but shamed Prince Andrew was reportedly not invited to the private viewing. After the ceremony, the Queen will acknowledge the salute of the returning Household Cavalry Mounted Regiment from Buckingham Palace’s balcony, where she and other working royals will later watch the traditional fly-past of aircraft. Fans across the country who aren’t lucky enough to have a space along the Mall can watch events unfold on huge screens in nearby St James Park, or in Princes Street Gardens in Edinburgh or Bute Park in Cardiff. However, the Metropolitan Police Events account said the viewing areas in central London are now full. They tweeted: ‘The viewing areas in central London for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations are now full. ‘To avoid the disappointment of not being able to enter the viewing areas please avoid the area.’ The Royal Parks also tweeted: ‘Crowds have flocked to St James’s Park for Trooping the Colour and public viewing areas are now at full capacity. ‘Please do not head to St James’s Park but enjoy the Jubilee celebrations elsewhere.’ Queen Elizabeth is the first British monarch to ever reach 70 years on the throne. The once-in-a-lifetime jubilee celebrations will see members of the monarchy, celebrities from the UK and across the globe, and people from all parts of the UK gather to recognise the Queen’s legacy over the weekend. The Queen will return to the balcony for a second time on Thursday, accompanied by working royals and the Cambridge children, to watch a fly-past of aircraft by the Royal Air Force. A service of thanksgiving will be held at St Paul’s on Friday, while Epsom Derby Day is on Saturday, and that evening Queen + Adam Lambert and Diana Ross headline the BBC’s Party at the Palace. On the final day, revellers will take to the streets of London for the Jubilee Pageant, that will see each decade of the monarch’s reign celebrated with ‘national treasures’ puppets, dancers and music. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 