A strange creature has been ‘found’ on Mars, according to the Internet. Scott Waring, a self-proclaimed alien researcher, took to the UFO Sightings Daily website to share his discovery. He had been intently studying an image of the Red Planet’s surface when he spotted something strange between the rock formations. The Taiwan-based extraterrestrial expert described the find as an ‘elephant like-creature’. He wrote on UFO Sightings Daily: ‘Today I found some interesting ancient alien artifacts in a Mars photo. ‘The most outstanding artifact is a statue of a elephant-like creature with a short trunk. It is sitting down and turned looking to the left. ‘There is also a huge face with thick lips, open mouth and a round nose, two eyes.’ ‘Proof of life on Mars, without a doubt’ he added. Previously, Scott has taken to the internet to detail a whole range of other sightings. He once spotted a furry monkey sat upon the planet’s surface and demanded ‘Why the hell aren’t biologists and zoologists looking into this?’ Scott has also previously shared images of a baby polar bear, a ‘dark lady’, and a space crab on Mars. His latest discovery comes as Nasa unveiled their latest find upon the Red Planet. One of the space agency’s rovers has come across a manufactured shiny metal object on Mars. There were ripples of excitement through the world’s conspiracy theorists following the find. But it appears to be a piece of debris from Perseverance’s own landing equipment. Experts at Nasa say it is a ‘thermal blanket’. It had been found 2km away from where the descent happened – and space experts have been speculating about whether it could have been blown there by the wind. In a tweet announcing the find, the Rover itself said yesterday: ‘My team has spotted something unexpected: It’s a piece of a thermal blanket that they think may have come from my descent stage, the rocket-powered jet pack that set me down on landing day back in 2021.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.