It looks like no one in London is going anywhere on June 21, as hundreds more transport workers join a huge strike. Members of Unite at Transport for London and London Underground will walk out on the same day as strikes by the RMT on the Tube and railways. More than 1,000 Unite members are set to protest at ‘plans to slash the value of their pensions and close the existing final salary scheme’. A warning has been issued that services could also be hit on 22 June due to shift patterns. It comes after commuters – and festival-goers heading to Glastonbury – were left frustrated by the news of the ‘biggest strike on the railways since 1989’. Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) at Network Rail and 13 train operators will walk out on June 21, 23 and 25. A ballot of 40,000 members voted overwhelmingly for full-scale industrial action last month following fights over pay and job losses. Speaking about the new strikes announced today, Unite claimed pension cuts are being demanded by the government in return for ongoing pandemic recovery funding for Transport for London. TfL has refused to guarantee there will be no job cuts and failed to make an acceptable pay offer to members for either 2021 or 2022, they said. Unite general secretary Sharon Graham said: ‘It is not acceptable in any way, shape or form that the dedicated workers at TfL and London Underground are being told to pay the price of the pandemic with their pensions, pay cuts and threats to their jobs. ‘Unite’s members have their union’s total support. These unwarranted threats to our members’ retirement savings, pay and jobs must be taken off the table at once or strike action will hit the London’s transport network.’ Unite regional officer Simon McCartney added that strikes could still be avoided by TfL ‘making a clear commitment it won’t cut workers’ pensions or jobs, while also making a cost of living pay rise to our members’. Andrew Haines, Network Rail’s chief executive, said on Tuesday the organisation was having ongoing meetings with unions to discuss pay concerns and ‘doing everything it can to avoid strike action’. Metro.co.uk has contacted TfL for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.