Harry and Meghan had already left the country by the time the Platinum Jubilee finale kicked off on Sunday, it has been reported. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, along with children Archie, three, and one-year-old Lilibet, are thought to have left the county before the Queen surprised crowds outside Buckingham Palace. They are believed to have left Frogmore Cottage at lunchtime and jetted out from Farnborough Airport, where they were picked up by one of the monarch’s cars last week, at 1.30pm. An insider is quoted by The Sun as saying: ‘There was no fanfare, they just went.’ The Sussexes have maintained a low profile throughout the long bank holiday weekend honouring Her Majesty’s record-breaking 70-year reign. They made the briefest of appearances on Thursday, seen watching Trooping the Colour from the Major General’s Office overlooking Horse Guards Parade. Meghan was photographed playfully shushing some of the younger royal children, while she and her husband were also spotted chatting with the Queen’s cousin, the Duke of Kent. But they did not join other senior members of the family on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the Jubilee flypast due to their new status as non-working royals. The couple were later seen being driven through London as Meghan smiled at revellers through the car’s open window. On Friday, they made their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since stepping down two years ago. The Sussexes were met with huge cheers as they joined scores of family members at the special Jubilee service of thanksgiving in St Paul’s Cathedral. But they sat far across the aisle from Charles, William and Kate and there was no obvious signs of interaction between them. The couple then skipped a Guildhall reception for the royals afterwards, instead driving straight back to Frogmore Cottage. Harry and Meghan reportedly held a birthday party for Lilibet to celebrate her turning one on Saturday. They were said to have held an informal gathering on the royal estate, after a spokesperson for the couple said they would be spending the day privately rather than attending the Party at the Palace. The duke and duchess are thought to have stayed in Windsor that night with their children, alongside the Queen who watched the Platinum Party on television in the castle. And there was no sign of them at the People’s Pageant on Sunday, when Her Majesty delighted the crowd by making a surprise second appearance on the balcony. Speaking to Sky News, Hello magazine’s royal editor Emily Nash said Harry and Meghan’s attendance at the Jubilee celebrations had gone ‘without a hitch’. She added: ‘There was some concern that Harry and Meghan arriving might overshadow things, just because of the scrutiny that would be on the family and the dynamic between them. ‘But they kept a very low profile, they haven’t attended some of the major events, and yet they will have had the chance to spend some time with the Queen. ‘That’s great for [the Queen]. Family is everything to her, so I’m sure she’ll have been really heartened to see them again.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.