For anyone who has been living under a rock, June is Pride month and London’s official Pride march is this Saturday. But London is a big city and there is so much more than marching set to take place. The march route map above will help you plot where you can catch the action from 12pm until 6pm. And with that in mind, here’s everything you need to know about where to go and what to do when you celebrate this weekend. As the UK commemorates 50 years of Pride,  it will remember the very first march in 1972 by tracing the exact same route. The parade will start on Park Lane, near Hyde Park, but a large part of the street will be used for floats and participants to get ready before being seen by the general public. People will be able to join the march at the bottom of Park Lane, at Hyde Park Corner at 12pm. Crowds will then make their way down the A4, heading towards Brick Street and Green Park. It’s expected to get very busy by the time the parade reaches Piccadilly before everyone changes direction and moves south to The Mall. The march will end at Whitehall at about 6pm. You can join the parade at any point on the route but there also ticketed seats on grandstands designed to give people the best view of the celebrations. There are stands at Golden Square in Soho, Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square and in Dean Street. Grandstand tickets are still available – for between £50 and £60 each – and you can buy them here. There are events and performances all over Soho, including dedicated and themed bars, dance venues and a Cabaret stage on Dean Street. There are also stages in Leicester Square and Trafalgar Square. The stages will be used for entertainment, speeches and more. There is a dedicated family area in St Giles Church Yard, where there will be activities and performances specifically for children. Besides celebrating how far LGBTQ+ rights have come in this country, Pride is also an opportunity for the community to campaign for progress. More than 1.5 million people are expected to take part in Pride this year, with a focus on ‘unity and equality’. The changes Pride in London is calling for include a ban to conversion therapy, gender recognition reform, more protection for LGBTQI+ victims of hate crime and a new AIDS memorial.  Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 