Love Island has welcomed another huge character in Danica Taylor who threw huge curveball last night to couple up with Luca Bish, knowing full well he’s smitten with Gemma Owen. The moment came as a huge shock for Luca, Gemma and the viewers at home, even if they weren’t impressed by his reaction. But who can blame him? What was she thinking? Well, actually it was clear all along Danica knew Luca was never going to play ball when he’s pretty much locked in with Gemma. Metro.co.uk’s resident body language expert Judi James and star of our weekly YouTube series Love or Lie Island has revealed the signs that Danica knew exactly how Luca would react, and perhaps it was all part of her plan all along. ‘Danica could have gone for the safe option and picked a spare guy and then sat it out in the hope for a place in the final but she chose the one guy she knew was going to reject her,’ Judi told us. ‘It made no logical sense but her facial expressions suggested she knew her role and that she knew the outcome. ‘Did she expect Luca to sashay across and hold her in his arms to tell her she was the woman of his dreams, not the incredibly beautiful, cute, playful, daughter-of-a-famous-footie-star Gemma? Did she heck! ‘A coupling with Gemma means the highest chance of winning the show plus the highest of high profiles once the show is over with or without a win, plus a chance to meet one of Luca’s sporting heroes. Plus he does actually seem to like Gemma. ‘There was not one flicker in Danica’s facial expression to suggest she imagined for one moment that Luca would see her as anything other than a trouble-maker. She didn’t smile as she said his name and she had no intention of brazening it out and using eye contact. ‘She had a job and she did it and there was just one “mirthless smile” to suggest she has now got to settle for the role of unrewarded ‘baddie’ in there.’ What’s more, after Danica picked Luca, Gemma only went and coupled up with Davide Sanclimenti again which was not great news for the fishmonger. ‘Even with Luca’s portrayal of misery in what looked like a walk to the gallows Gemma still went for Davide, who she had been paired with once and who will get Luca’s nostrils twitching,’ said Judi. ‘Luca knows he’s in for a miserable ride now, so why not start as he means to go on? He treated Danica like the designated trouble-maker she clearly is and of course he walked with his shoulders hunched and his face hidden and his hands clasped behind his back. ‘Of course he ignored Danica to go and kiss his girl and of course he sat next to her ignoring her with a gap the size of the fire-pit between them. She didn’t glance at him and he didn’t glance at her. ‘He knew what she was in there for and so did she and it was ‘job done’ as far as she was concerned.’ Well, we’ll see how it all unfolds in tonight’s episode which sees the islanders take on a grim new challenge and Ekin-su Cülcüloğlu confronts Amber Beckford after viewers spotted tension mounting between the pair. Love Island airs tonight at 9pm on ITV. New episodes of Love or Lie Island with Judi James are available on Metro.co.uk every Thursday. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 