Maybelline’s Tattoo Brow is a mainstay for people with fair or sparse hair in want of a fuller brow. It’s easy – all you do is apply, let it dry, peel off, and tah-dah, you have darker brows in your desired shape. One TikToker has taken this a step further and put the product to the test across her entire face. Sydney Purl, a beauty content creator, applied the semi-permanent formula to her brows, eye line, lip line, and across her nose to create faux freckles. Imagine not needing to draw on your winged eyeliner for a few days. The dream. That said, there’s little room for messing up lines or jogging your hand if you’re a liner novice. Across two TikToks, she showed the results of using the product in this way. She was left with a brown winged liner, convincing freckles, and a very defined lip line that defines the cupid’s bow. Once she’d applied the rest of her makeup, you wouldn’t have guessed all of those components came from the same product. However, in the comments, Sydney wrote the effects only lasted a day. You might think you may as well use a regular eyeliner then, but the one benefit of this is you’ll have no smudging. Plus, the length of time your look will last all depends on the cleanser and skincare products you use. Anything with salicylic or glycolic acid, for example, will break down the pigment faster. Overall, however, this is a great way to get your makeup to multitask, adding a little extra oomph to bold liner and lips. If you want a no-budge makeup look, this is one way to go. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘It helps me bring the inside out’: LGBTQ+ people share what makeup means to them MORE : Revolution launches Love Island makeup collection – and it’s all under £15 MORE : ‘Gym lips’ is the latest makeup trend taking over TikTok