When Claire Paradis, 21, and Scott Medley, 52, met, they were both in their own relationships. But an immediate attraction to each other led them to split from their partners and commit to one another. Now, the couple are head over heels in love and recently engaged – despite a 31-year age gap. Claire and Scott met at the gym in 2020, when Claire landed a receptionist job at the gym where Scott worked as a personal trainer. ‘We were both in separate relationships ourselves at the time but the attraction was there from the beginning,’ said Claire. ‘I broke up with my ex-boyfriend on New Years and that same week I paid for personal training sessions with my now-fiancé. ‘He and I got to know each other and then the tension and chemistry built up. ‘Scott says he left his relationship to be with me. ‘On my side, I broke up with my ex for my own reasons but in the back of my mind, I was happy to be single because then I could flirt more heavily with him.’ The pair’s relationship has received judgment. People often assume Claire is Scott’s sugar baby, or that she’s just after his money – but she says this couldn’t be further from the truth. ‘There are many people who are supportive of us, and these are the people we hold close to us,’ said Claire. ‘The way we deal with backlash is to distance ourselves from the people bringing negativity in our lives. ‘I’ve never been in an age gap relationship before and neither has he, so I’ve never faced this type of negativity before. ‘I know that my partner has been called a “paedophile” even though I am of age, and I’ve also had acquaintances who don’t even know him call him my sugar daddy, which is so far from the truth.’ Despite this, Claire and Scott couldn’t be happier. ‘All of my previous relationships were with people of my own age, and they were all not that great,’ said Claire. ‘The boys my age lacked emotional maturity, financial funds, and effort to put into the relationship. ‘I’m not necessarily into “older men” I’m just very into Scott. He provides for me, spoils me and takes really good care of me – he goes above and beyond to make me happy. ‘He’s so good at expressing his feelings and boundaries, And I’m so grateful that I didn’t have to teach him that, like I did with the others. ‘He’s also so sexually experienced, and the sex was incredible the first time, which rarely ever happens!’ In May 2022, Scott popped the question by a waterfall, and the couple are now engaged. Claire hopes that by sharing her story, she’ll ‘normalise age gaps and prove love has no limits’. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Can age gap relationships ever work out? MORE : Couple engaged for 30 years plan to finally marry in Vegas after winning £90,000 MORE : Everything to know about a relationship ‘white flag’ and what it means