Pride in London will return to the capital this weekend with more than 1.5m people expected to attend the event which is taking place again after a two-year hiatus. Saturday’s parade will pay homage to the UK’s first Pride March, which was organised by members of the Gay Liberation Front (GLF) and took place on July 1 1972. The parade, which will kick-off at Hyde Park Corner at midday promises a focus on ‘visibility, unity, and equality for LGBTQ+ people’. More than 30,000 people and nearly 600 community groups will march in the parade with far more expected to line the streets and attend events. In light of the anniversary and ongoing fight for equality, Pride in London has released a short film, tracing the history of the UK movement, its successes and continuing challenges. Called ’50 Seconds of All Our Pride’ the film is a ‘powerful manifesto’ that celebrates the community’s ‘diversity, inclusivity, resilience, and strength’. Created exclusively by people from the LGBTQ+ community, the short film aims to convey the diversity of the community’s experience. At its heart, Pride is a protest and as well as being a celebration of the LGBTQ+ community Pride in London is also using this year’s event to call for action. The volunteer-run organisation is urging the UK government to ban conversion therapy for all LGBTQ+ people, reform the Gender Recognition Act, provide equal protection for LGBTQ+ communities against hate crime and end its hostile environment towards migrants. The organisation is also pushing for a national AIDS memorial to be established that acknowledges the impact of HIV and AIDs on the LGBTQ+ community. Haven Thorn, a spokesperson for Pride in London said Saturday’s event would look back to the successes and history of the movement as well as forward. ‘With a multitude of challenges threatening our human rights, creating space to connect over our shared experiences and making our voices heard is particularly critical during Pride month when the LGBTQIA+ community is gathered together in solidarity,’ he said. ‘Our key focus this year is on visibility, unity, and equality for LGBTQ+ people, something we consider to be a fundamental human right – they always have been, and always will be. ‘Pride creates powerful experiences that unite us in activism, in protest, in celebration and in advocacy.’ Haven said Pride in London aimed to be a safe haven and beacon of hope for queer, trans, and BIPOC individuals around the world. ‘Pride is about inclusivity and awareness that Pride in London is more than an annual celebration, it uplifts our community 365 days a year: inspiring and empowering every LGBTQIA+ person to proudly love and live their truth,’ he added. Pride in London’s 2022 parade will start at Hyde Park Corner at midday, it will then head through Piccadilly and Piccadilly Circus before turning south on Haymarket. From there it will travel towards Trafalgar Square before finishing in Whitehall place at around 6pm. There will be stage areas in Golden Square, Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square Stage, Dean Street Soho, Soho Square. There will be a dedicated family area, with activities and performances for parents with children in St Giles Church Yard. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.  