This couple have revealed how they upped the value of their home by £50,000, despite spending just £6,000 on the renovqtions. Elle Hutchinson, 27, a social media manager from South Wales, has given new life to her period home which dates back to the 1900s. She and her partner, Alex, 28, purchased the three-bedroom terraced property for £180,000 in August last year and could see the potential as soon as they walked in – particularly liking the spacious layout and original features. However, as the house’s interior was rather dated, the space needed a serious revamp in order to fit the couple’s ideal ‘bright and quirky’ theme. While they had no previous DIY experience, they began learning on the job and used YouTube tutorials to aid them along the way. But it wasn’t all plain sailing. ‘Once we moved in, we found mushrooms growing behind the skirting board and this indicated dry rot,’ Elle told NeedToKnow.online. ‘We started lifting the floorboard to investigate and it was quickly apparent that the entire room was rotten. ‘Our hearts sank at this point, but we got stuck in and researched where needed with a huge help from my dad.’ They ripped out the floor, dug wrongly dumped rubble out from the foundation, and laid new floor joists and boards before laying laminate parquet flooring. The wallpaper was also stripped and the walls were replastered and painted – adding a picture rail to fit in with the house’s original character.. Elle added: ‘Picking a calming sage green shade, we accented this with white and gold accessories, which has created such a bright and serene feeling.’ In total, they transformed the once-drab room into a light and inviting area for only £1,600. Similar work took place across the property, with Alex and Elle modernising with neutral tones and pops of colour, and keeping costs down by doing as much as they could themselves ‘In terms of tools, we were lucky that my dad had so many we could borrow without having to spend anything,’ said Elle. ‘We used his wallpaper steamer, spirit level, drills, jigsaw, circular saw – the list is endless.’ Her favourite room in their newly upgraded abode is the open-plan living and dining room, which took four months to turn round. Elle says the hard work ‘was so worth it’, adding: ‘We added black accents in the dining room to make this feel a little different to the living room, especially as it’s an open plan space. ‘I really feel like these rooms make the centre of the house.’ 10 months since they first started, they have nearly completed renovating their dream home – and plan to tackle the kitchen and bathroom next once they’ve saved more money. Elle said: ‘You can really turn a house around with colours and layout options. ‘We viewed around 10 houses before this one and we had a feeling it was the right house for us – it felt so light and airy. ‘While we save over the next couple of years so we can fully renovate, there are rooms which look fine.’ While the couple wish they had been more thorough with the survey prior to purchasing as they were unaware of all the issues they would run into, they estimate £50,000 has been added to the value. Now, they plan on tackling the garden next year, and hope to regulate their attic space into a bedroom, further increasing the property’s value. Elle’s biggest piece of advice to renovate while on a budget? Be prepared to get stuck in. She added: ‘Do the work yourselves as it will save you a lot of money. ‘YouTube is an amazing tool to learn and upcycling is also a great way to save money, as not everything needs to be bought brand new. ‘You can really find some great things that will be a fraction of the cost.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Rescue pooch ‘Mr Happy Face’ claims top spot in World’s Ugliest Dog competition MORE : These are the most affordable areas in the UK to buy a home – and houses on sale now