It may come as little surprise Johnny Depp’s lawyer Camille Vasquez is being ‘eyed up for a TV career’ following the headline-grabbing Amber Heard defamation trial. We should have seen this coming, right? Last week saw the lengthy trial draw to a close after Pirates Of The Caribbean actor Depp, 58, sued ex-wife Heard, 36, for defamation following a 2018 Washington Post op-ed. Heard countersued, however, the jury found overwhelmingly in Depp’s favour, awarding the actor $15million (£12m) in damages, while Heard was awarded $2m (£1.6m) in compensatory damages. And despite Depp’s legal team also being comprised of Ben Chew, Stephanie Calnan, Andrew Crawford, Rebecca MacDowell Lecaroz, Yarelyn Mena, Jessica Meyers, and Samuel Moniz, Vasquez became somewhat of a celebrity during the six-week trial in Virginia. After fans of Depp made their admiration for the actor’s legal team known during the trial, with one going so far as to get a tattoo of Vasquez on his leg, it’s been reported the legal eagle may have a new career prospect on the horizon should courtrooms get a little boring. According to aptly-described ‘industry sources’, when it comes to Vasquez – an associate at high-profile law firm Brown Rudnick in Orange County – and a potential Hollywood career, ‘doors are opening’. In fact, reports claim Vasquez has already received offers from ‘several traditional TV networks and cable channels’. They told The New York Post: ‘Talent agents are circling Camille because they recognise that she is the unicorn — a smart, savvy, poised attorney whose impactful performance during the trial propelled her to a rare level of visibility. And the fact that she is a woman of colour is an added bonus.’ One former network executive familiar with the offers claimed: ‘Camille is inarguably a great voice to weigh in on legal matters and networks are naturally chomping at the bit to speak with her about on-air opportunities.’ It comes after Depp filed a $50million (£39m) lawsuit against his ex-wife Heard – who he was married to from 2015 before Heard filed for divorce in 2016 – over an article she wrote discussing her experience with domestic abuse. His legal team argued that it implied he was physically and sexually abusive during their relationship, despite not being named in the op-ed. Heard countersued for $100m (£79m) in return. After a six-week trial and 13 hours of deliberation, a jury ruled in favour of Depp, awarding him $10m (£7m) in compensatory damages and a further $5m (£3.9) in punitive damages, bringing a total of $15m. Judge Penney Azcarate reduced the actor’s $5m punitive damages to instead award $350,000 (£278K), the maximum in Virginia, while Depp also has to pay Heard the $2m in compensatory damages she was awarded, so he, therefore, walks away with $8.35m (£6.6m) in overall damages. The actor was not present in court, but Vasquez spoke in a press conference after the result, alongside her colleague Chew. ‘Today’s verdict confirms what we have said from the beginning, that the claims against Johnny Depp are defamatory and unsupported by any evidence,’ Vasquez began. ‘We are grateful, so grateful, to the jury for their careful deliberation, to the judge and the court staff who have devoted an enormous amount of time and resources towards this case.’ ‘Our judicial system is predicated on each person’s right to have his or her case heard,’ Chew continued. ‘And we were honoured, truly honoured, to assist Mr Depp in ensuring that his case was fairly considered throughout the trial. ‘We are also most pleased that the trial has resonated for so many people in the public, who value truth and justice. ‘Now that the jury has reached its conclusive verdict, it’s time to turn the page and look to the future. ‘Thank you all so much, and thanks to the jury.’ Metro.co.uk contacted Vasquez for comment. MORE : Johnny Depp joins TikTok and amasses nearly 2,000,000 followers as he ‘gets life back’ after winning Amber Heard trial MORE : Amber Heard’s sister stands by actress after Johnny Depp defamation trial: ‘I know what I saw’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.