Much has been said about Prince Louis’ antics over the Platinum Jubilee  weekend, and the majority of parents will have found his behaviour very relatable. We’ve all been there – at a restaurant, a wedding or in the post office queue, when our child has suddenly chosen that very moment to become feral, a bit silly or have a mega meltdown. The weight of other people’s eyes (and judgement) falls onto you, you feel hot under the collar, and without a doubt, you’ve not always been as cool and collected in dealing with the situation as the Duchess of Cambridge was with Louis. Staying calm is one of the best but hardest things a parent can do when the kids are out of control, as Nina Spencer, a parenting doula, knows only too well. ‘I remember being on holiday with my first set of twins, when they were three years old,’ Nina tells Metro.co.uk. ‘My boy twin would struggle with sitting at the table and would scream and scream, banging the table and trying to run off. ‘As a mum I was so overwhelmed, and I got cross. I would cry and ask why it was only me whose child behaved this way.’ Nina felt exactly as many other parents have but now, with another set of the twins in tow, the ‘super mum’ has built up what she calls an arsenal of tools to support herself, and other parents, when the kids have a public ‘moment’. ‘My twins are aged 10 and four years old now and while the eldest set are over that phase, the youngest will still have a moment when we are out and about,’ she notes. Keeping calm, creating healthy habits, accepting that children will be children, staying optimistic and having a support bubble, are all a part of Nina’s method, Chaos, which she says has helped her change her mindset when her children now have moments of unwanted behaviour – in public or at home. Nina’s Chaos method is a great toolbox for parents to have, but the most important part to remember, is that children will be children (Royal or not). ‘I find moments like the one Louis had endearing,’ Nina says. ‘Remembering that it’s not just happening to you and that our kids often get overwhelmed at events that we as adults think are great, is useful. ‘Our children just show their feelings in different ways.’ This means that parents need a good understanding of what it means to be their child’s age and to adjust their expectations and boundaries accordingly. This doesn’t mean children should be allowed to get away with bad behaviour but working out when and why your child is likely to play up is crucial – are they hungry or tired, for instance, or is where you are going not child friendly? Once those trigger points are realised, you are better able to be prepared. Distraction is great for keeping toddlers in check. For moments like sitting through a wedding service you wouldn’t and shouldn’t expect them to sit quietly or still but having a ‘quiet bag’ of non-noisy toys, books and snacks will help to keep them occupied. Distraction also works well when queuing, doing the shopping or being in a restaurant. Colouring books and games to play are helpful when eating out, and choosing a restaurant that is child-friendly and doesn’t have slow service can make things less stressful too – toddlers can only sit for short amounts of time. Turning your child’s attention to something else, making it sound as amazing and exciting as possible, can be helpful to minimise any tricky behaviour when in shops and while queuing. Yelling at your kids isn’t ideal, in public or not, but having consequences for their actions is ideal. When in public, it is best to take older toddlers and children off to one side, away from everyone else (to avoid embarrassing them) and to remind them of your expectations and boundaries and also the consequences to ignoring them. Ensuring that you remain consistent is also vital. If you have slipped your phone or tablet into your little one’s hand once, for instance, be prepared for them to expect the same again on your next outing. The same goes for behaviour. If you have allowed them to run around a restaurant previously, it will be harder to get them to stop when they go to do it again. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Top tips to keep your child entertained on a plane MORE : What is gentle parenting – everything you need to know MORE : Too many disabled children don’t feel safe in playgrounds