Primark is set to trial a new Click-and-Collect service in the UK, in the fashion chain’s first big move into online shopping. The high street retailer will launch the trial later this year across 25 stores in northwest England and will focus on Primark’s kids’ range. Until now, Primark remained one of the last fast-fashion high-street stores to resist selling its products online, but after the business suffered significant hits due to Covid restrictions, a move online is overdue. Customers will be offered a wide range of products that are exclusive to those using their Click & Collect service, but the service will only sell children’s clothing and accessories, as the company aims to draw more families into its stores. Shoppers will be able to order 2,000 goods online, including nursery items, clothing and licenced products such as Disney T-shirts. Around 40% of which will be exclusive to Click & Collect. The Click & Collect service looks to expand the Primark kids range and ‘further enhance the customer experience following on from the launch of its new UK website in April,’ which saw online traffic rise by 60%. The company plans to test out the trial for several months, and if it brings in additional sales, it could be expanded outside the northwest with added product categories. The announcement came as ABF issued a trading statement showing that sales at Primark were up 81% over the three months to the end of May compared with the same period in 2021. The chain, which opened in 1969, had previously decided against having an online store as they believed that it would not be able to keep prices for its clothing as low if it offered home delivery. Selling items online can be costly for retailers, who often have to cover the costs of deliveries and returns. Last week, Asos warned that its profits would fall sharply as customers returned more items due to rising costs, while Zara recently started charging its shoppers for returning items purchased online. Primark is ready to put prices up in the coming weeks, as it first announced in April. Paul Marchant, Primark Chief Executive, said in a statement: ‘The Click & Collect trial is a milestone for our business and builds on the investments we’ve made over the last two years in new technology and people to make this possible. ‘This trial will give customers so much more of what they love and a new way to shop with us. It brings together more choice and greater convenience and complements the great in-store experience that is at the heart of our business. ‘We think it will also give us an opportunity to reach new customers by highlighting the fantastic collection that we have for kids of all ages. We’ve chosen to trial the new service in a region where we have a wide range of stores of different sizes and formats, and we can’t wait to see the customer response.’ Customers will be able to browse online and add items to their virtual shopping basket before checking out and paying for their order. Click & Collect orders will be processed and dispatched to the store from a dedicated UK distribution centre. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Primark sells out of Stranger Things Hellfire Club T-shirts while fans flog them on eBay for £150 MORE : Why is Primark called Primark and when did it first open? MORE : Primark to cut 400 jobs at UK stores as it plots retail overhaul