The Only Way Is Essex star Pete Wicks has been left devastated by the death of his grandmother, Doreen. Reality star Pete, 33, rose to prominence on the ITV show and often keeps fans up to date on his life via social media. While most of the star’s updates show him out for dinner, in the countryside or with friends, the TV personality had a sad update to share with his followers this week. On Sunday, Pete made the difficult announcement that his beloved grandmother had died, admitting he felt ‘so lost’ without her. The TV personality took to Instagram where he shared a snap of him and Doreen in happier times, along with a poignant black and white snap of him holding her hand in hospital. Alongside the photos, he wrote that despite knowing the day would eventually come ‘it doesn’t make it any easier.’ ‘It’s taken me days not knowing what to say because no words will ever be able to describe what you meant to me,’ he wrote. ‘My heart is broken and I have never felt so lost.’ Addressing his grandmother directly, Pete went on: ‘I have been blessed to have you as my nan but more importantly to have you as my best friend. ‘The strength, resilience, love, empathy and compassion you have shown throughout your life is a lesson to us all and without doubt the only good parts of me come from you.’ Pete went on to say he hoped his grandmother ‘knew how much you were loved’. He finished the heartfelt post by writing: ‘Sleep well and be at peace, no one deserves it more. I love you.’ Pete’s open and heartbreaking message to his late nan was met with an outpouring of love from his friends and followers. Geordie Shore legend Charlotte Crosbywrote: ‘So sorry Pete I can’t even think about the pain you must be feeling now,’ while Big Brother star Alex Cannon said: ‘Thinking of you bro.’ His former Towie co-star Georgia Kousoulou said she was ‘so sorry for your loss Pete,’ with Danielle Armstrong, Olivia Attwood, Roman Hackett and Love Island’s Shaughna Phillips also among those paying tribute. Many of those offering condolences said they knew how close Pete was with Doreen, with one recalling how his ‘face would light up’ when he spoke about her. The TV personality even has her name tattooed across his hand, which is visible in the sombre photograph of him holding on to her in hospital. Pete later posted a new message to his Instagram Stories, telling his followers: ‘Thank you to everyone for all the kind messages. ‘It doesn’t go unnoticed.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Towie’s Mario Falcone overjoyed as he marries Becky Miesener in idyllic Italian wedding MORE : Towie star Frankie Essex gives birth to twins 