A man who lost a beloved family member in the Grenfell Tower fire has described the ‘lack of justice’ in the five years since the tragedy as ‘torture’. Karim Mussilhy, 36, says the fight ‘gets harder and harder the longer it goes on’ after his uncle Hesham Rahman died in the blaze. He claims he has been prevented from grieving properly as there has been no ‘accountability’ and warns: ‘Grenfell Two can happen tomorrow.’ Tuesday will mark the fifth anniversary of the catastrophe which saw 72 people killed in the west London flat block. Father-of-two Karim, who is a member of the Grenfell United campaign group, says he couldn’t have imagined being in this situation this long after the fire. ‘This is torture, we are being tortured. We can’t move on. We can’t grieve. We can’t rebuild, as much as we’re trying to’, he said. ‘It’s been incredibly frustrating that we’re still having to do the things that we’re doing today in order to get some changes. ‘And if you really look at it, if you look at sort of the big picture and the grand scheme of things, what has actually changed in five years? ‘Can another Grenfell happen tomorrow? Yes, it can. And if it does, are people safe? No, they’re not. ‘Do our firefighters have the right equipment and training to save people? No, they don’t. What have we done? What have we learned since Grenfell?’ Meanwhile, Samia Badani, 47, who lives in Bramley House near the tower, has said: ‘It was sheer devastation and how do you grow out of devastation?’ Saying she wouldn’t wish the devastation on anyone in the world, she added: ’We are not asking for much – we’re just asking to be treated as human beings.’ An ongoing Grenfell Tower Inquiry has found the cladding on the building was a key factor in the rapid spread of the flames. But no evidence will be passed on to prosecutors by the Metropolitan Police until after the inquiry has been completed, meaning no one has been charged nearly 2,000 days after the blaze. The government has finally banned the specific type of cladding which allowed the blaze to spread so rapidly. But the new rules will only apply to future new builds, leaving many homeowners with huge removal bills. Bereaved relatives have also been left ‘enraged’ by government plans to keep the controversial ‘stay put’ policy, rather than adopting an inquiry recommendation. This means that residents of most buildings should wait for emergency rescue services rather than leave. The Home Office said the cost of adopting the policy would not be ‘proportionate’ and it would not be ‘practical’ or ‘safe’ to implement. Mr Mussilhy said survivors, the bereaved and members of the community are determined not to allow their campaign ‘just be kicked into the long grass. ‘We’re quite resilient and we’re quite relentless, so we will keep going, we will keep pushing, we will keep fighting until some element of positivity comes out of this and there’s some accountability’, he said. A government spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘Our fire reforms will go further than ever before to protect vulnerable people. The Emergency Evacuation Information Sharing package we are consulting on would require those responsible for fire safety in higher-risk buildings to properly assess the needs of the most vulnerable and take steps to mitigate any risks. ‘While the vast majority of buildings are completely safe we are determined to do more to improve fire safety, which is why these landmark reforms will ensure mid and high-rise blocks are properly assessed for fire risks.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.