Britney Spears’ lawyer Mathew Rosengart is ‘absolutely livid’ following chaotic scenes at the pop star’s wedding to Sam Asghari, after ex-husband Jason Alexander was arrested for trespassing. Jason, who married childhood friend Britney, 40, in a 2004 Las Vegas wedding before their marriage was annulled after 55 hours, was taken into custody on Thursday after he attempted to crash the intimate nuptials. According to reports he live-streamed his efforts, managing to gain access to Britney’s LA mansion, as well as the wedding venue, before he was apprehended by police and arrested on the scene. Following the incident, Britney’s lawyer revealed he was personally working with the sheriff’s department in an effort to ensure Jason was ‘aggressively prosecuted’. In a statement, he shared he was ‘absolutely livid’ and added Jason deserved to be behind bars. Noting Britney was safe, he added to TMZ: ‘I am personally working with the sheriff’s department to ensure Mr. Alexander is aggressively prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.’ The former federal prosecutor, who was Britney’s lawyer at the time of her 13-year conservatorship coming to an end last year, added to Page Six: ‘Jason Alexander has been handcuffed, taken into custody and arrested. I express my thanks to the Ventura County Sheriff’s Department for their prompt response and good work.’ Sources have since claimed Britney and her guests, of which there were just 100 including Donatella Versace and Paris Hilton, were left taken aback by the incident, with the bride ‘shaken up’. Britney’s assistant, Vicky T, assured fans the singer was ‘safe’ after the arrest, writing on Instagram: ‘I’ve done everything I can while being out of the country to keep everyone safe. Thank you to all the absolutely amazing and incredible fans for alerting me of so much. You are blessings. Thank you. Everyone is safe.’ Ventura County Sheriff’s Department had confirmed that 40-year-old Jason has been charged with two counts of misdemeanour battery, one count of misdemeanour vandalism and one count of misdemeanour trespassing as a result of the incident. Officers arrested him after responding to an incident of alleged trespassing, with Sergeant Cyrus Zadesh saying that an altercation between Jason and officers took place. ‘He was able to find his way onto the property and was confronted by security,’ the sergeant told PA News Agency. ‘An altercation occurred with the security officers and that’s where the battery occurred… and during the altercation an item was broken so that’s where the vandalism comes into play. And by being on private property, the trespass comes into play.’ He was originally charged with an out-of-county warrant, but is now due to face additional charges, with those involved in the incident seeking to prosecute. Afterwards, he was transported to a police station and it’s believed that he will be transferred to Ventura County jail. The wedding still went ahead, with Britney and Sam, 28, who have been dating since 2016 after meeting on the set of Britney’s music video, finally becoming husband and wife. The singer is said to have worn a gown designed by Versace, walking down the aisle to exchange her vows to the tune of Elvis Presley’s Can’t Help Falling In Love. Jason’s arrest didn’t appear to take away from the day for Britney and Sam, with the model’s manager, Brandon Cohen, releasing a statement after the ceremony, saying: ‘I am very ecstatic this day has come, and they are married. I know he wanted this for so long.’ He continued to People: ‘He is so caring and supportive every step of the way. ‘I am so grateful to have Sam in my life and can’t wait for the future they will build together.’ Metro.co.uk contacted Mathew Rosengart for comment. MORE : Lorraine Kelly calls Britney Spears’ ex-husband Jason Alexander an ‘arse’ after he crashes her wedding to Sam Asghari MORE : Donatella Versace details ‘fun’ of designing Britney Spears wedding dress for marriage to Sam Asghari Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.