Iain Lee has spoken out about his experience with Rebekah Vardy while starring on I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here together after being asked to speak about her in an interview. The broadcaster, 48, had appeared on I’m A Celebrity alongside the Wag, 40, in 2017 and claims she was ‘a bully, a liar and a manipulator.’ Iain took to Twitter to reveal he had been approached to talk about Rebekah, who recently faced Coleen Rooney in court, tweeting: ‘Just had an interview request to talk about how Rebekah Vardy is so brave for promoting mental health… ‘She contributed to me being f**king miserable and isolated in the jungle… so, that’s a pass from me.’ He then shared his reply to the request, in which he wrote: ‘I feel I have to explain my refusal. I don’t know if you saw any of I’m A Celebrity when I was in there. ‘Vardy was a bully, a liar and a manipulator. She was part of a team that targeted me and made much of my time in there miserable.’ Iain added: ‘Her first comment to me was “I think you’re a bit of a t**t”. She encouraged people not to talk to and left me isolated (apart from two camp mates who were not taken in by her). ‘When she came out of the camp she told lies about me. She bullied my sister who was staying in Australia and told her “in my world, men don’t cry”. ‘Part of me hopes your email is a ruse to get an interview from me which I think is about her bravery and they you skewer to make it about her bullying and belittling. Tweets below contain swearing: ‘I hope the latter is correct because if you are trying to show her as a mental health ambassador, I’m afraid you couldn’t be further from the truth.’ Rebekah had vehemently denied claims of bullying on the show at the time, sobbing as she insisted she wasn’t a ‘ringleader’ and hadn’t targeted the broadcaster as part of a gang. She had been slammed by fans after appearing to share a covert handshake with Amir Khan and Dennis Wise after Iain was voted out. The Wag said at the time: ‘You know what, I was the one that was being the most supportive of him. A bully? I’ve never been a bully in my whole entire life.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Rebekah Vardy for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Peter Andre angry about chipolata jibe from Rebekah Vardy and how it keeps coming up MORE : Rebekah Vardy returns to Instagram for first time since Coleen Rooney Wagatha Christie trial began 