Birthday parties and family meet-ups can often be plagued by drama – but this 50th birthday has surely got to top them all. Lisa Keegan was enjoying her celebrations in Colne, Lancashire, when things took a dramatic turn. Family friend Adam, 40, was accused of stealing an e-cigarette from a teenage guest – and it descended into a brawl which was all caught on camera. Lisa decided to get involved in the chaos and ended up falling over backwards. ‘You’re only 50 once and this is certainly a birthday I’ll never forget!’ she said. ‘It was mayhem. ‘They couldn’t pack a punch between them because everyone was so drunk. I was in the middle of them to break it up, but I should have just left them to it. ‘The video’s hilarious. It’s like something out of Shameless. I was like Meme. When I fell over backwards I just started laughing. Even the dog was barking to tell them off.’ The fight appeared to start when Lisa’s daughter’s boyfriend Tony, 52, stuck up for the teenager. Two drunk men can be seen via video footage trying to land punches at one another. Lisa and some of the other guests can be seen trying to break up the fight, but to make matters worse Tony starts accidentally punching Lisa. She is heard screaming: ‘No, you’re battering me.’ Not the happiest bunny in the world, she then picks up a chair and threatens Tony with it. It doesn’t stop there as Lisa’s daughter Coleen Jarvis falls back on her chair. Other guests could be seen laughing while a neighbour looked on at the unfolding drama. Lancashire Police were called and confirmed they escorted a man home and enquiries are ongoing. Tony has laughed off the events, saying he is ‘too old to be getting into fights’ but says he’s thankful to the police for the ‘lift home’. Adam, who says it was his first day of drinking in five years, admitted the fight ‘was more like shadow boxing’. ‘We’d had one too many drinks, then we had a few cross words and that’s what happens,’ he said. ‘I didn’t mean any ill intentions. And we had a laugh and a joke about it later on. It was more a drunken mess than anything else.’ Lisa added: ‘When I watched it back, I thought, “oh my days.” I was embarrassed. ‘We’ve been getting a lot of stick about it but some people are calling me a legend… A lot of my friends think it’s brilliant.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.