The jury has reached a verdict in Johnny Depp’s defamation case against Amber Heard, after nearly two days of deliberations. The verdict will be shared at the Fairfax County Courthouse today, with proceedings also being streamed live on YouTube. However, a source close to the Pirates of the Caribbean actor confirmed to Metro.co.uk that he will not be present. ‘Due to previously scheduled work commitments made before the trial, Mr Depp will not be physically present for today’s 3pm verdict and will be watching from the United Kingdom,’ they told us. Depp jetted to the UK following the break in the trial, and has appeared on stage with musician Jeff Beck – to wild applause from packed crowds. Slamming his absence, an insider close to Heard’s camp added to Metro.co.uk: ‘Your presence shows where your priorities are. Johnny. ‘Depp plays guitar in the UK while Amber Heard waits for a verdict in Virginia. ‘Depp is taking his snickering and lack of seriousness on tour.’ The 58-year-old is suing his ex-wife, 36, for $50million over an op-ed she wrote in the Washington Post. The article in question was titled: ‘I spoke up against sexual violence — and faced our culture’s wrath. That has to change,’ but did not mention him. Despite not being named, his lawyers have argued that it falsely implies he was physically and sexually abusive towards the Aquaman actress during the course of their relationship – something he has denied. Heard is subsequently countersuing for $100million, claiming that he libeled her by calling her a liar. The trial began on April 11 in Virginia, and has seen the former couple take to the stand to discuss their relationship at length. The Justice League actress previously sobbed through her testimony as she claimed that he penetrated her with a bottle during a heated row. She alleged that he performed a cavity search on her in another argument, telling the court that she feared for her life. Depp denied this and insisted that he has ‘never struck a woman in his life’ during his time on the stand, before branding her claims of violence as ‘heinous’. ‘It’s insane to hear heinous accusations of violence, sexual violence, that she has attributed to me, that she has accused me of,’ he added. ‘I don’t think anyone enjoys having to split themselves open and tell the truth but there are times when one simply has to because it’s got out of control. ‘Horrible. Ridiculous. Humiliating. Ludicrous. Painful. Savage. Unimaginably brutal. Cruel and all false. All false. ‘No human being is perfect, none of us. But I have never in my life committed sexual battery, physical abuse, all these outlandish, outrageous stories of me committing these things and living with it for six years, and waiting to be able to bring the truth out. ‘This is not easy for any of us, I know that, but no matter what happens. I did get here and I did tell the truth and I have spoken up for what I’ve been carrying on my back, reluctantly, for six years.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Geordie Shore star Chloe Ferry sobs in ‘devastation’ after she and boyfriend Johnny Wilbo are thrown off flight to Los Angeles MORE : Amber Heard’s Aquaman co-star Dolph Lundgren speaks out in support as petition to remove actress from sequel hits 4,400,000 