Manchester United appear to have identified Porto striker Evanilson as their top striker target this summer but will need to increase their opening offer, according to reports. Erik ten Hag wants to bring in a new number nine, with the club very short on forward options after Edinson Cavani left the club, while Anthony Martial – who was loaned out last January to Sevilla – is not thought to be in the new manager’s plans. United had long been linked with a move for Erling Haaland and also showed interest in Darwin Nunez, but that duo opted to join Manchester City and Liverpool respectively. According to Portuguese newspaper Record, United have now turned their attention to Brazilian striker Evanilson and have already had an opening bid rejected. United offered €60million (£51.5m) plus bonuses for the 22-year-old, but Porto rebuffed the bid and believe he is worth considerably more. With Nunez having left Benfica for an upfront fee of £65m – with the deal potentially reaching £85m if various bonuses and add-ons are met – Porto feel that is a useful benchmark for Evanilson’s price tag. That means an upfront offer of €70m (£60m) would be enough for Porto to sell, so United need to up their initial proposal by a further £8.5m to land their man. The deal is being driven by super-agent Jorge Mendes – who famously represents Cristiano Ronaldo – who presented the original offer on behalf of the Red Devils. There is one quite significant catch that could prevent a deal, however, with Porto only willing to let one more of their stars leave the club this summer. Luis Diaz left in January and Fabio Vieira is set to join Arsenal, meaning only one of Vitinha – who was linked with United but is now in the crosshairs of Paris Saint-Germain – and Evanilson will be permitted to leave. PSG are believed to be ready to pay Vitinha’s €40m (£34m) release clause and have already agreed personal terms, but if that move does not transpire then Porto will give the greenlight for United to sign Evanilson for £60m. But if Vitinha does join PSG, then Porto will not sanction the sale of their Brazilian forward unless an enormous offer is made that is simply too good to turn down – with O Jogo suggesting that fee could be in the €100m (£86m) region. Evanilson was not quite as prolific as Nunez in the Portuguese league last season, but still netted 14 times in 30 appearances – averaging a goal involvement every 113 minutes – though he failed to net in his four Champions League outings. MORE : Manchester United preparing offer for Arsenal target after Jurrien Timber ‘stuns’ Erik ten Hag with rejection MORE : Tottenham hope to beat Manchester United to Ajax star Antony with Steven Bergwijn swap deal For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 