An abortion rights protester was tackled by Secret Service Wednesday after she approached President Joe Biden’s motorcade. The incident happened while Biden was in downtown Los Angeles, California, for the ninth Summit of the Americas and an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live. Video of the incident shows the woman had walked onto a blocked-off street with a bullhorn before being tackled to the ground by a Secret Service Agent. The protester resisted officers during her arrest, ripping off the agent’s hate and glasses. She appeared to be advocating for abortion rights before attempting to approach the motorcade. ‘Get the f*** off me!’ she said while being taken away from the motorcade ‘An abortion ban will not stop abortions – only safe ones,’ she then shouted as she was tackled to the ground and handcuffed. Anthony Guglielmi, chief of communications for the Secret Service, put out a statement after her arrest. ‘Shortly after 5 p.m., an adult female entered a restricted roadway along a motorcade route on Chick Hearn Ct in Los Angeles,’ he said. ‘As the woman approached passing vehicles, a United States Secret Service agent swiftly removed her from the roadway and placed her into custody. There was no impact to the motorcade movement or our protectees. Our investigation into this incident is ongoing,’ he added. The president supports a woman’s right to choose, however, the US Supreme Court is poised to overturn Roe v. Wade, the landmark decision legalizing abortion across the country. Following a leak of a draft option by Justice Samuel Alito that revealed the high court was looking to rid of Roe, Biden reiterated his belief that the law is essential to the US. ‘I believe that a woman’s right to choose is fundamental. Roe has been the law of the land for almost fifty years, and basic fairness and the stability of our law demand that it not be overturned,’ he said in a statement at the time. ‘We will need more pro-choice Senators and a pro-choice majority in the House to adopt legislation that codifies Roe, which I will work to pass and sign into law,’ he said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.