As we take another step towards the weekend, perhaps many of us would be wise to watch out for someone stepping on our toes. For Geminis, someone may be looking to take charge of a situation, whereas Cancerians must avoid letting others hold them back from the success they crave. Elsewhere, for Capricorns, family should be a priority, while paying it forward could pay off now for anyone who is Aries. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for June 29, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 With the Sun and Venus still linking to Jupiter, you’ll find a way to rise above any challenges and even to enjoy them. Your confidence may be boosted by a warm compliment and reassurance from family and friends. Kindnesses that you have done for others can come back to you. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You may have a sixth sense that something needs sorting out, and this could grow as the days move along. If you tackle it early, you’ll be much better off than leaving it until things get worse. Plus, with some superb aspects on the go, you’ll attract support. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You may notice tensions developing with someone who seems keen to take control of a situation. A friendly word with them might nip this in the bud. Going out with friends or on a date? You’ll have a fabulous time, with upbeat influences cementing your relationships. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 You know you can do it, so why hesitate to make a goal a reality? Maybe you’re worried about someone’s reaction if you do well. Perhaps your success would leave them feeling inadequate. You can’t worry about this. If you have a chance to take things to the next level, then go for it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Want to take the plunge and explore new ideas? If your work has become a chore and you’re ready for a change, then why not? You could stay exactly as you are, but feisty Mars may be pulling you in a new direction. This is an excellent time to research your options by asking around. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You’ll make great progress in small ways, and this is something to be celebrated. Encounters could be warm and welcoming, planting seeds for the future. If you’re planning on making a big move, then it may be wise to wait. If you’re experiencing inner conflict, a pause for thought can help. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 The people you know seem to fall into two camps. There are those that support you to the max and want you to do well. Over the coming days, you might also come face to face with someone who is a tad jealous. If so, steer clear. Soon enough their mood will pass. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 There are uplifting vibes on the cards, but if you focus on what is going wrong, you’ll miss them. If you’re in two minds about an issue or having trouble at work, such matters could consume your energy, unless you can resolve to do something and free yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 A chance to befriend or date someone you admire, or perhaps to do business with them, may be yours for the taking. This opportunity won’t last forever, so it’s wise to go for it right away. With a more difficult aspect coming into focus, you could be swept away by other concerns. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Have you taken too much for granted? Your plans may be thrown into disarray this week because of an unforeseen emotional tangle at home. It might be time to take stock of commitments on the domestic front, as well as your relationships with key family members. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Is someone trying to muscle in on your territory? They may well be, but this can be a chance to turn them into friends and collaborators, rather than keep them at a distance. There’s much to be gained from this tactic, which could bring positive rewards in the future. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Is there something you want so badly you’ll do anything to get it? If so, you may need to face up to the fact that you’ll need to manipulate a situation or a person. Simpler pleasures are on offer over the next day or so, that could be much more to your taste and won’t betray your principles. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for June 26 to July 2 and Neptune going retrograde MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you