A ‘happy go lucky’ man was found hanging months after a ‘human error’ by police saw him wrongly named as a paedophile. Brian Temple, 34, died on December 31, 2017, six months after he was arrested for allegedly stealing a pack of Greggs sausage rolls. After his release from custody on June 8, he made his way back to his home in Redcar and handed his then-girlfriend a copy of his release paperwork. But he hadn’t read them beforehand and didn’t realise police had made a serious error – mistakenly stating he had been held for inciting sexual relations with a 13-year-old girl. Teesside Coroners’ Court heard she then started passing on the wrong information – leading to Mr Temple being abused in the street, attacked in his own home, and battered with a golf club. The hearing was told Mr Temple started drinking heavily and taking a mixture of prescribed medication and recreational drugs to deal with the persecution. A toxicology report revealed he had 134mg of alcohol in his system, as well as a mixture of cocaine, Diazepam, Zopiclone and Pregablin, but that these did not contribute to his death. Mr Temple’s body was found by his brother Anthony on December 31, 2017, after his mother’s partner became worried when she didn’t hear from him that day, the court heard. His mum described her son as ‘happy go lucky’ but said the ordeal caused him to become closed off and depressed. The court heard Mr Temple reported threats and assaults to the police, but said their welfare checks only seemed to make the situation worse by fuelling the rumours going around. Mr Temple’s sister-in-law said the charge sheet containing the false information was found in his pocket when he died. Detective Sergeant Agar, of Cleveland Police, said in a statement that he had dealt with Mr Temple’s complaint of the incorrect papers on November 28, 2017. He said the bail sheet mishap was ‘a genuine human error’. The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) began an investigation after Mr Temple’s death, so an error like this one would never happen again at Cleveland Police. They similarly concluded that human error was the main cause, describing the situation as ‘incredibly unusual’. The inquest continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.