It’s been two weeks since Gemma Owen entered the Love Island villa, but she still hasn’t mentioned famous dad Michael – and the show’s fans think they know why. Gemma, 19, came arrived as the most high profile contestant thanks to dad Michael, 42, and his glittering football career. But fans have since been kept waiting for Gemma to tell the other islanders about her family, with the islander yet to mention the former England star by name. However, she has been dropping hints to the other contestants, and fans on Reddit think they’ve cracked the code. One user theorised: ‘If her family paid [ITV] money not to air [Gemma talking about Michael] then we won’t see it. I think it’s pretty obvious that some sort of deal was struck regarding her time on the island.’ Another responded: ‘There’s no way someone with that much money and power enters into a competition like [Love Island] without insurance.’ Although there is no clear evidence that any such deal has taken place, fans are still keenly speculating on the nature of Gemma’s time on the programme. ‘Gemma will have had a sweetheart deal struck up somehow between her lawyers and ITV to ensure she gets x-amount of attention per episode, is only shown favourably, one of her clothing lines is pushed,’ another user suggested. Gemma was first coupled up with Liam Llewellyn, 22, but her attention soon turned to Luca Bish, 23, and then to Davide Sanclimenti, 27. Some fans have also suggested that dad Michael might have had a word with the Love Island producers to turn Gemma away from Luca. ‘I reckon Michael Owen has paid Love Island a fortune to get Luca out of his daughter’s bed!’ one eager fan commented. Another said: ‘Low-key convinced Michael Owen has paid ITV to give Gemma all the screen time to try [and] make her the new Molly-Mae.’ Gemma and Davide were forced to address the gap between their respective ages following complaints from viewers that he was too old for her. Gemma and Davide, who are separated by eight years, both appeared pleased when they were coupled together in the villa, but some viewers weren’t happy. ‘What do you think about the fact that I am much older than you? I mean, you are not bothered by that?’ Davide asked Gemma. Gemma responded: ‘No, it’s not an issue for me at all. I feel like if it was I wouldn’t have wanted to get to know you in the first place. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu confronts Amber Beckford after Jay Younger highlights noticeable tension MORE : Danica Taylor’s facial expression gave away Luca Bish plan in that explosive Love Island recoupling 