No one is ever fully ready for Monday. But if you want to try your best to prepare, then you could do a lot worse than looking to the stars for advice. Time to ditch aspirations towards perfection, Taurus. Aquarius, it might not be a good idea to spend too much time pondering the negatives in your life. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for June 6, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 Talking is good Aries, especially if you have something on your mind and don’t know what to do about it. Today’s healing Sun/Chiron tie can bring answers you never considered, and perspectives that help you see things in a fresh light. There might also be some conflict around overthinking things, versus diving and in and having a go. Just get on with it, and you’ll be fine. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Have a desire to be perfect? It could clash with an idea that is better carried out using bold strokes and a spontaneous approach. If you fuss over it too much, it might not get going at all. Don’t worry about what others might think, Taurus. If you set out to enjoy yourself and make that your target, everything else will fall into place. Need a treat to feel better? Go on, you deserve it! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 The Sun in your sign continues to give you a boost, and encourages you to indulge your love of words and of forging new connections. Someone you link up with may be grateful for a chat, and a chance to get something off their chest. You often have some useful and fascinating information at your fingertips, and something you share today could inspire this person no end. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 You’ve likely read enough about something or done the research, and yet a reluctance to get going could see you putting off the moment of truth. The current line-up can be a call to stop wondering and make a start. You’ll learn more by getting on with it than by delving into books and websites. Soon you’ll begin to feel more confident, and that’s when the fun really begins. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Today’s lively lunar ties, encourage you to go with your gut. There are times when taking the initiative and doing something on the spur of the moment can be beneficial. If someone offers you an opportunity that could further your plans and that may not be around for long, then consider going for it, Leo. You can always work on the details later when you have more time. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You may think you know what you are doing and where you are going, but new ideas might change your perspective. Something you learn, read about or hear, could have quite an impact on you, inspiring you to think and dream big and explore a new path. Becoming set in your ways? If so, experimenting with forward looking principles and beliefs can see you enjoying life again. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Feeling more adventurous when it comes to romance? You may be keen to have more fun with your current partner or to find someone new. If you do go on a first date, then gently finding out about their last relationship might be helpful. They could still be hurting from this, and if so, take things slowly. Getting involved too quickly with someone on the rebound can be a mistake. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Going to a key event? The Moon in your social zone suggests making the most of it. If your mind has been preoccupied with other pressing matters, this can be a breath of fresh air and a chance to unwind in delightful company. Equally, a discussion could highlight creative possibilities that you hadn’t considered, adding sparkle to an idea or a new project, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 With a buoyant blend of energies in your chart, you could get swept up in a whirl of social activities. And arranging something or accepting an invite, may be something you would truly enjoy. Solo? A spirited encounter might inspire you to see more of someone, Archer. You enjoy being around people who have a sense of adventure and know what they want, much like you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 The Sun’s positive tie with healer Chiron, might encourage you to start new habits. They’ll help you stay on top of housework, inspire you to adopt a healthier way of eating or create a better work/life balance. It’s the little things you do every day that bring either good or bad results. A slight shift is all you need to get moving in a direction that leaves you so much happier. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Since Saturn turned retrograde in your sign last week, you may spend more time reflecting on what went wrong with your plans, or on what could go wrong in the future. While it’s always good to take stock, you don’t want to get stuck in this mode for too long. You have dreams to realize and ideas that can change your life. Dwelling on these instead might inspire you to action. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Healing Chiron in your financial zone for some time, encourages you to examine your beliefs around money and resources. If you do have issues in this area, you may get insights over the next day or so about what might be causing them. Rather than stick with what you don’t want, it’s time to set goals that reflect your true needs and desires, and gradually work towards them. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for June 5 to June 11 MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you