Peter Andre has revealed he shut down Princess’s request for a puppy for her 15th birthday as it wouldn’t be fair on the dog. Princess will be turning 15 this week, and dad Peter, 49, revealed that she always wants him to get her a puppy for her birthday, however her schedule means it wouldn’t be a feasible option right now. He explained in his column for OK! magazine: ‘It’s Princess’ 15th birthday this week and although like every year she is desperate for a dog, I always have to explain that it’s not just a six-month commitment. ‘Understandably, she is getting to the age where she wants to do her own thing and hang out with her friends, and so she should. ‘And with me and Emily at work and the kids at school it just doesn’t seem fair on the dog.’ Peter added that ‘now doesn’t seem like the right time’, but he could change his mind down the line about getting Princess her own pet. However, her birthday presents this year will be some clothes she wanted and other gifts he is yet to decide upon. The proud dad recently gifted his son Junior his dream car for his 17th birthday, despite the teen not being able to drive yet. Junior received a £25,000 black Audi with his own personalised license plate, telling his followers: ‘Couldn’t be more grateful right now. ‘I’m releasing my debut single Slide this Friday June 17 and my dad just got me the car of my dreams.’ Commenting on Junior’s post, the Mysterious Girl singer said: ‘My son. So proud in every way. You deserve all of it. So happy you love your present.’ No pressure on what to get Princess, then… Pete also shared his pride after Junior’s debut single Slide went to number one on the iTunes chart and got its first radio play on Kiss FM. He revealed that he had told Junior to ‘cherish the moment’ and celebrate the amazing achievement so early on in his career. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price and daughters act as bridesmaids for sister’s wedding as son Junior sings debut song Slide at reception after Carl Woods was ‘banned’ MORE : Peter Andre says women scream, ‘My nan loves you’ at his concerts 