Wimbledon has begun and not only is it a highlight of the sporting calendar but it’s a high point of the fashion one, too. The celebrity world comes out in force to show their support to their favourite tennis players – all the while showing off their fashion prowess to the masses. Yesterday was day one and gave us a taste of what is to come over the coming weeks. We had all the makings of a classic Wimbledon – with white playing a key part as always. Amanda Holden chose a white cut-out mini dress accessorised with perspex heels and a yellow bag. Meanwhile, Zara Phillips went for a linen white midi dress paired with black wedge espadrilles. Rochelle Humes chose a undeniably chic black ensemble and singer Rachel Stevens opted for an oversized blazer and crochet dress for a more casual look. Midi dresses were also big news with Holly Willoughby sporting a pink and white printed number and Mollie King (who recently announced her pregnancy news) arrived in a peach and cream linen beauty. Some also took some fashion risks and moved away from the ‘traditional’ Wimbledon look. Amanda Holden’s daughter Lexi Hughes rocked an effortlessly cool lime green suit, accessorised with a crop top and orange sunnies. And finally, influencer Eleanor Calder showed how to work logo mania in a Gucci dress, expertly paired with black loafers. Below is a closer look at some of our favourite looks and items you need to buy to create your own Wimbledon worthy look. Get it for £140 at Asos. Get it for £150 at Kitri. Get it for £35.99 at Mango. Get the jacket for £32.99 and the shorts for £19.99 at Zara. Get it for £7.62 at Etsy. Get it for £34.99 at H&M. Get it for £24.99 at Asos. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Savvy mum shares how she transformed her old-fashioned kitchen for £350 – after being quoted £8,000 MORE : The rise of bare bump maternity fashion – and how to make it work yourself MORE : How to nail on-trend festival fashion while being a sustainable shopper