Meghan Markle was coaching girls on an entrepreneurship course during the Invictus Games, it has been revealed. The Duchess of Sussex’ took on the role as guest coach at the scheme while in the Netherlands for her husband Prince Harry’s sporting event in April. The Project Fearless initiative in Amsterdam aims to give girls and non-binary youngsters, aged nine to 14, tools to succeed in after-school courses. Photos shared by the Dutch non-profit organisation on Monday showed Meghan hugging a delighted young participant, and also cheering with her hand in the air in a team photo with the teenagers. In another image, the duchess sits cross-legged in a discussion circle, and standing at a whiteboard. Meghan said: ‘Safe, supportive spaces like Project Fearless allow girls the opportunity to express themselves, build each other up, gain resilience and tackle new challenges.’ Courses include activities like skateboarding and kick-boxing and lessons on climate science and entrepreneurship. The project announced the duchess’ visit to mark its third birthday. It described how the former actress helped the students with their business pitches and ‘enthusiastically’ took part in a group exercise on facing fears. ‘Earlier this year, Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, joined our first entrepreneurship course as a guest coach,’ the organisation explained. ‘During her visit, she gave the girls inspiring and encouraging feedback on their sustainable business pitches, and enthusiastically joined in with a group exercise on facing fears.’ Project Fearless founder Merida Miller added: ‘The duchess’ visit was a brilliant way to celebrate the impact Project Fearless has made over the last three years, introducing the girls to an accessible role model who is making a difference and using her voice.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Queen ‘banned Harry and Meghan from photographing her first meeting with Lilibet’