The world’s largest recorded freshwater fish, a giant stingray, has been caught in Cambodia, according to scientists. The record-breaking specimen was caught in the Mekong River on June 13. It measured almost four metres from snout to tail and weighed slightly under 300 kilograms, according to a statement from Wonders of the Mekong, a joint Cambodian-US research project. The previous record for a freshwater fish was a 293kg Mekong giant catfish, discovered in Thailand in 2005, the group said. Freshwater fish are defined as those that spend their entire lives in freshwater, as opposed to giant marine species such as bluefin tuna and marlin, or fish that migrate between fresh and saltwater like the huge beluga sturgeon. The stingray was snagged by a local fisherman south of Stung Treng in north-eastern Cambodia. The fisherman alerted a nearby team of scientists from the Wonders of the Mekong project, which has publicised its conservation work in communities along the river. Within hours of being alerted to the catch, scientists arrived at the scene and were amazed at what they saw. ‘Yeah, when you see a fish this size, especially in freshwater, it is hard to comprehend, so I think all of our team was stunned,’ Zeb Hogan, who leads the Wonders of the Mekong project said in an online interview from the University of Nevada in Reno. The university is partnering with the Cambodian Fisheries Administration and USAID, the US government’s international development agency. The stingray’s catch was not just about setting a new record, Zeb added. ‘The fact that the fish can still get this big is a hopeful sign for the Mekong River.’ The Mekong River runs through China, Myanmar, Laos, Thailand, Cambodia and Vietnam. It’s home to several species of giant freshwater fish but environmental pressures on the waterway are rising. In particular, scientists fear a major programme of dam building in recent years may be seriously disrupting spawning grounds. ‘Big fish globally are endangered,’ Zeb added. ‘They’re high-value species. They take a long time to mature. So if they’re fished before they mature, they don’t have a chance to reproduce. ‘A lot of these big fish are migratory, so they need large areas to survive. ‘They’re impacted by things like habitat fragmentation from dams, obviously impacted by overfishing. ‘So about 70% of giant freshwater fish globally are threatened with extinction, and all of the Mekong species.’ The Wonders of the Mekong team have inserted a tagging device near the tail of the record-breaking stingray so they will be able to track its movements and gather unprecedented data on its behaviour. ‘The giant stingray is a very poorly understood fish. Its name, even its scientific name, has changed several times in the last 20 years,’ Zeb added. ‘It’s found throughout South East Asia, but we have almost no information about it. ‘We don’t know about its life history. We don’t know about its ecology, about its migration patterns.’ Researchers said it is the fourth giant stingray reported in the same area in the past two months, all of them females. They think this may be a spawning hotspot for the species. Local residents nicknamed the stingray Boramy, or ‘full moon’, because of its round shape and because the moon was on the horizon when it was freed on June 14. In addition to the honour of having caught the record-breaker, the lucky fisherman was compensated at market rate, meaning he received a payment of around £490 ($600 dollars). Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.