A first look at Love Island 2022 has been revealed… and the clip has teased an extremely steamy summer of romance ahead. Anticipation for the latest season of the ITV series has reached fever pitch following the announcement of the line-up of contestants, including paramedic Paige Thorne and Michael Owen’s daughter Gemma Owen. While viewers are yet to discover which islanders will hit it off with each other, who will turn heads and who will prove they’re loyal to the core, a new clip has been released teasing their larger-than-life personalities. In the teaser, Paige – who was the first islander to be announced – is sitting in an ambulance in her paramedic uniform, before changing into her bikini ready to soak up the sun in Mallorca. Next up is fishmonger Luca Bish, who is doing the day job in his white overcoat and blue hairnet, giving a charming toothy grin to the camera as he whips off the headgear and jets off. Pharmaceutical salesman Ikenna Ekwonna seems ready to roll with the punches, giving a one two as he boxes with a punching bag. Hotel waitress Indiyah Polack sneaks some chips away from a guest she’s serving on the job, before strutting down the corridor on her way to a summer of paradise. Following Indiyah, Gemma – who’s an international dressage rider and business owner – enters the scene, dismounting from her horse and shaking her brunette locks loose from her helmet before giving the camera a wink. After Gemma, masters student Liam Llewellyn is caught being cheeky in the university library, while nanny Amber Beckford is ready to set sail for overseas adventures. Meanwhile, real estate agent Andrew Le Page is ready to ditch his suit for his swimming trunks after securing a ‘deal’ for the Love Island villa. Microbiologist Dami Hope is hoping he has the right formula to find love in the villa, ripping his lab coat open to show off his moves. However, model and dancer Tasha Ghouri might give him a run for his money as she twirls on a roof, with Tasha being Love Island’s first ever deaf contestant. Last but not least, business owner Davide Sanclimenti knows how to make jaw drops as he shows off his muscles in the gym, which we’re sure will come into play when he works out at the villa. So enough with the teasing… let’s get this show on the road already. Love Island returns on Monday June 6 at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : When does Love Island start and how long does the series run? MORE : Major Love Island twist for new series as narrator Iain Stirling reveals viewers will decide first coupling 