An official announced China would implement a zero-Covid strategy ‘for the next five years’ – before his comments were quickly backtracked on. Beijing Daily, a state-run newspaper, today quoted the capital’s secretary Cai Qi as saying the country would ‘maintain its pandemic control policy for the next five years’. But after the remarks prompted a huge backlash on Chinese social media, all references to the time frame were quickly removed from the publication’s website, citing an ‘editing error’. Chinese social media giant Weibo responded to the news by banning all hashtags mentioning the phrase ‘for the next five years’ from its platform. Despite this, his other comments including routine PCR tests, strict entry rules, regular health checks in residential areas, and rigorous testing for people entering and leaving Beijing stayed in place. It has not yet become clear why the reference was removed from the piece, although it has been suggested it was a ‘placeholder’ referring to the start of the next five-year planning period, which is due to begin on July 1. Two years on from the pandemic, China remains the only country using severe lockdowns to prevent further outbreaks of Covid-19. It is a strategy which has seen the country officially record just 5,226 deaths as a result of coronavirus, but has been criticised by the World Health Organisation (WHO) as being unsustainable. China continues to shut down entire communities and cities over just a handful of reported infections, with all positive cases and close contacts being sent to government quarantine. And although Beijing and Shanghai recently succeeded in suppressing an outbreak of the Omicron variant, the strategy has wreaked havoc on the local economy, with the unemployment rate for people aged 16 to 24 hitting a record high of 18.4% in May. Despite this, President Xi Xinping claimed earlier this month ‘persistence is victory’, and there are no signs China is planning to abandon its policies. The current plan has also seen the country’s vaccination rate slow significantly to under 800,000 doses administered a day. This is down from a staggering 20 million at its peak in 2021, as the country instead shifts its focus to lockdowns and quarantines. US ambassador to China, Nicholas Burns, recently said he expected China to keep the policy in place until ‘the beginning months of 2023’ based on signals he had received from the Chinese government. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.