Snoop Dogg has put his money where his mouth is by giving his own personal blunt roller a salary increase due to inflation – and yes, that is apparently a real job. The Drop It Like It’s Hot rapper is known for his love of smoking weed, which is legal for recreational use in California where he lives. In fact, he smokes marijuana so frequently that he actually hired a person to roll blunts for him as a full-time job, due to Snoop being too busy to do it himself. Despite the blunt roller’s tasks seeming fairly minimal, Snoop, 50, made sure it was worth their while by paying them a pretty generous salary of between $40,000-$50k (£32k-£40k). However, with the cost of petrol, food and energy soaring weekly due to the Ukraine-Russia war, he’s since given them a pay rise. Opening up about his employee’s unusual job, Snoop previously said: ‘Timing. That motherf***er’s timing is impeccable. That’s his job, his occupation. On his resume, it says, “What do you do?” “I’m a blunt roller. P-B-R, professional blunt roller”.’ Speaking on The Howard Stern Show in 2019, he added: ‘If you’re great at something I need, I’m hiring you. ‘That’s somewhere between $40,000 and $50,000 a year. Free weed – all paid expenses. Everything I get, he gets. I go get some free clothes, I give him some.’ There’s been an update since then as Snoop replied to a tweet this week which mentioned the blunt roller’s salary, and said: ‘Inflation. Their salary went up!!’ He’s not the only hip hop star to employ a blunt roller as Waka Flocka Flame has one under his books after posting a job advert that attracted over 60,000 applicants, while Kid Cudi was also on the lookout for a helper. Snoop, real name Calvin Broadus, is fully invested in the legal marijuana business and launched his own range of cannabis products, Leafs by Snoop Dogg, in 2015. He said at the time: ‘Wherever my musical journey has taken me around the world, it’s beautiful to see how chronic leafs are a common source of peace, love and soul that connects us all. ‘Leafs by Snoop is my way of sharing the experience I have with the finest quality cannabis one could imagine. Let’s medicate, elevate, and put it in the air!’ The rap icon has also invested in several other cannabis start-ups over the years including Oxford Cannabinoid Technologies based in the UK. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Potter play’s Pride message does not go down well after JK Rowling trans comments MORE : Kourtney Kardashian slams Hulu producers for not showing her ‘fairytale love story’: ‘Give us our respect’ 