Beyonce has released her new single Break My Soul hours before the track was due to drop and fans are already hailing it the anthem of this summer. The singer, 40, surprised fans by dropping the track almost two hours earlier than it was due to go live, to the delight of the Beyhive. The house-inspired track is the first single from Beyonce’s upcoming seventh studio album Renaissance and gives fans major hints to what we can expect from the record. Beyonce reunited with producers Tricky Stewart and The-Dream for Break My Soul, who she previously worked with on Single Ladies, and husband Jay Z is listed among the songwriters for the track. Fans were instantly obsessed with the song, tweeting: ‘Is she telling us to quit our jobs?? Because I will, Beyoncé, I will!’ Another added: ‘Beyoncé gave us an anti-capitalist, pro-gay summer anthem with vocals, rapping, a choir call and response, and FREEDIA. We really won #BreakMySoul.’ One joked: ‘Beyoncé saw that it was the summer of late-millennial burnout, the labor movement, ‘90s revival, and queer pride and was like, “Yeah, I can make a song about that”’. Fans were also quick to notice that Break My Soul samples Robin S’s 1993 track Show Me Love, with both of its songwriters – Allen George and Fred McFarlane – credited on the single. According to reports from Variety, Renaissance will dabble in genres ranging from country music to dance tracks like Break My Soul. Beyonce’s next album is slated for release on July 29 and is believed to be coming in multiple parts. Fans have been holding out for a full solo studio album from Beyonce since Lemonade, which was released in 2016 and was a hit with both fans and critics, and came with a 65-minute film featuring most of the songs from the album. She then released a joint album with husband Jay Z – 2018’s Everything Is Love – as well as a live album, Homecoming, from her 2018 Coachella performance and The Gift In 2019, a soundtrack album following live-action remake of The Lion King. Beyonce previously told Harper’s Bazaar in August 2021 of her upcoming album: ‘With all the isolation and injustice over the past year, I think we are all ready to escape, travel, love, and laugh again. ‘I feel a renaissance emerging, and I want to be part of nurturing that escape in any way possible.’ She added, ‘I have paid my dues and followed every rule for decades, so now I can break the rules that need to be broken. ‘My wish for the future is to continue to do everything everyone thinks I can’t do.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jimmy Kimmel apologises to Beyoncé for mispronouncing her name ‘for 20 years’ – and we might all owe Queen Bey an apology MORE : Beyonce dropped Renaissance comeback title in our laps year ago and we had no clue 