Next year’s Eurovision Song Contest is likely to be organised by the BBC if Ukraine are unable to host the event, with the ceremony rumoured to be taking place in Glasgow. Sources claim that the ceremony could be held in Glasgow in Scotland if it is to take place in the UK, though organisers have refused to comment. According to Jose Manuel Perez Tornero, the president of Spain’s state broadcaster RTVE, the BBC will take over the organisation of next year’s show if Ukraine decide to resign. He told Spanish newspaper Faro de Vigo: ‘We don’t want to be left with the mirage of a good result. We are going to go out to win next time. ‘We were also interested in organising 2023 Eurovision. But if Ukraine resigns, it will be the BBC that organises it.’ While 2022’s event was won by Ukraine’s act, Kalush Orchestra, who rose up the leaderboard with their track Stefania, there is uncertainty whether the event will be able to go ahead in the country after it was invaded by Russia earlier in the year. The UK were runners up as Sam Ryder impressed fans with his track Spaceman, meaning that Great Britain would likely be next in line to host if Ukraine pull out. Eurovision fans had begun speculating that if the event comes to the UK, it will take place at the OVO Hydro in Glasgow, which has slots missing for May, around the time Eurovision would normally occur. The venue has listed the Magic Mike arena tour on April 25, Andre Rieu on May 27 and Ozzy Osbourne: No More Tours from June 2-4, but currently nothing else in the month of May. Ukraine’s Minister of Culture and Information Oleksandr Tkachenko recently said that he is confident that the country will host Eurovision next year after the nation’s victory. Speaking at the Ukraine Media Centre, he said: ‘We have no doubt that it should take place in Ukraine. The only thing is that no one has held Eurovision during the war… ‘We are now looking for answers with colleagues to the most important conditions set by the EBU, but I think we will have to explain that some conditions need to be changed.’ The EBU told Metro.co.uk in a statement: ‘We are still in discussions with the winning broadcaster of the 2022 Eurovision Song Contest, our Ukrainian Member UA:PBC, and other stakeholders to find the most appropriate setup for the 67th Eurovision Song Contest. ‘The Eurovision Song Contest is one of the most complex TV productions in the world and clearly there are some unique challenges involved in hosting next year’s competition. ‘Due to the logistics of hosting an event of this size, we are undergoing a broad assessment process ahead of a decision being made shortly on the most suitable location for next year’s competition to guarantee the smooth running and continuity of the event. ‘We are discussing all the requirements for logistics, financing, capacity and, importantly, safety and security and hope to be able to find a solution that will deliver an event that has all the ingredients and excitement traditionally enjoyed by audiences worldwide.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eurovision ‘will be hosted by the UK’ if winners Ukraine give up slot in 2023 MORE : Sam Ryder confirms Prince William and Kate Middleton actually watched Eurovision with the family and backed him all the way 