Stop what you’re doing because we have details from Britney Spears and Sam Asghari’s wedding, with highlights including a kiss with Madonna and a duet with Paris Hilton. The toxic hitmaker, 40, married her long-time partner on June 9 in ceremony that surprised everyone, walking down the aisle in a Los Angeles ceremony in front of celebrity guests. Britney met Sam in 2016 on the set of her music video and have been dating ever since, before getting engaged in September last year. The pop icon finally got her happy ever after following the end of her 13-year-long conservatorship, although it didn’t exactly go without a hitch since ex-husband Jason Alexander attempted to crash the nuptials before they even began. New pictures from the singer’s big day show her recreating the famous Madonna kiss of August 2003, when the pop stars sent fans wild by smooching during a performance of Madonna’s song Hollywood with Christina Aguilera. Recreating the iconic moment at her after party, Britney pecked Madonna on the lips, after the Piece Of Me singer changed into a fiery red mini dress after donning a gorgeous white gown to say ‘I do.’ As if that didn’t make the wedding meme-worthy enough, Paris Hilton – who recently tied the knot herself – also treated guests to a performance of the absolute banger, Stars Are Blind. As well as Paris and Madonna, the guest list included Selena Gomez, Drew Barrymore, Donatella Versace, and will.I.am. Of course, you’ll be wanting deets of the ceremony itself, so let’s break it down. Ever the trailblazer, Britney decided to defy tradition – not having anyone to give her away and not opting for a first dance. The ceremony took place at the couple’s home in LA, with just close friends and relatives attending – not including Britney’s mother, father, or sister. Brit enlisted brand founder Charlotte Tilbury to design a timeless bridal look for her big day, which the celebrity make-up artist says was an ‘honour.’ For her dress, the bride wore a white Versace gown with a long flowing veil while her new husband looked dapper in a black Versace tux. Held under a lavish tent outside their Thousand Oaks home, the ceremony was 10 minutes long and was officiated by Reverend Clint Hufft, who also did the honours at Paris’ wedding earlier this year. Of course, there were celebrations afterwards, with Britney making several outfit changes in between – and who can blame her? The newlyweds left the event just after 10pm in a white Rolls Royce with a red interior, and while they may have shunned tradition for the most part, they did opt for the ‘just married’ sign on the back. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : George Ezra wants to re-record first hit Budapest: ‘Since then I’ve learned to sing better, I think?’ MORE : Rylan Clark and Ruth Langsford to host This Morning shows in summer in presenter shake-up 