The Jubilee weekend will be all about celebrating, and you’ll need a proper rest when it’s over and done with. To mark the occasion, Simba is launching a sale offering up to 55% discount on mattresses, beds, and more. Simba’s signature mattress is the world’s most five-star reviewed, and comes with a 10-year warranty to ensure you’ll get the most bang for your buck. You can also make use of the brand’s 200-day trial. If it’s not for you, simply send it back for a refund. This weekend, you’ll get 40% off Simba mattresses, as well as 35% off accessories when you purchase a mattress. Not only that, there’s up to 55% off bed bases – perfect if you want to refresh your bedroom as a one-stop shop. The Simba Hybrid Essential Mattress is the most affordable of the range, reduced from £829 to £497.40 (for the double size) and using Aerocoil microsprings and cooling Simbatex foam to keep you cool throughout the night. For a sumptuous sleep, go for the Hybrid Luxe Mattress. It has ten layers of support, including an antibacterial wool and bamboo layer that’s great for allergy suffers. At the moment, the double option is down from £2,419 to £1,289.40, which is a massive saving. The Hybrid Sleep Bundle is best for those who want the full experience, with a Hybrid double mattress, two pillows, and a duvet from the brand. It would have cost you £1,416, but in the sale it’s just £870.45. Or, if you’re in the market for a bed frame too, you can’t go wrong with Simba’s Pegasus Bundle. It comes with a stylish bed base that offers responsive support, a double Hybrid Mattress, two pillows and a duvet. With your 47% discount, the whole lot comes in at just £1,513.50. The offer runs until Sunday June 5, so you’ll need to be quick to make savings. Check out the terms and conditions here for more information – and let yourself have that extra hour in bed at the weekend. Do it for the Queen. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Toddler has genetic condition so rare doctors had to Google it MORE : POV: This is what it’s like to work the McDonald’s lunch rush