It may be the middle of summer but we always need a bit of Christmas cheer in our lives. Two foxes, seen jumping around on a trampoline have managed to recreate scenes from the famous John Lewis Christmas advert from 2016, where animated foxes, badgers and a dog bounce on a child’s trampoline. The adorable video was captured in Sutton, South London and the foxes spent more than 10 minutes jumping around with one another. Nic Smith, 52, a social housing officer, captured the footage at her home. She said: ‘It’s bizarre but it’s really quite sweet. They were having a whale of a time. ‘The other morning I woke up around 6.30am and looked out the window and they were bouncing on the trampoline. ‘It just reminded me of the John Lewis advert where the kid gets a trampoline and there were foxes bouncing on it. ‘I’d zipped up the trampoline so they must have opened the zip with their snouts. There’s a three-step ladder to get up there too. ‘Maybe they just like the bounce you get on the trampoline.’ The foxes can first of all be seen hesitating as they get to grips with what jumping on a trampoline feels like. But after a small pause, they both gain the confidence to start leaping in the air without a care in the world. Nic said her two sons – aged 12 and 10 – were ecstatic after seeing the video of the foxes, who regularly hang out in the family’s garden. It is very similar to the 2016 advert from the retailer, when a family pet is inspired to start jumping on the new trampoline after witnessing foxes joined by a badger, a squirrel and even a hedgehog bouncing on it after it is set up. And this is not the first time foxes have been witnessed having a bounce, as one was filmed on a trampoline in 2018. Nic said: ‘The kids love the foxes. They think it’s hilarious that we’ve got them here. ‘They come and lay in the garden to relax when we’re sat outside. ‘The fox cubs bring toys into the garden. They took a stuffed duck toy into the trampoline and played with it in there. ‘Two of them are friends with our cat – they came and give her a chicken wing a couple of weeks ago. ‘They’ve just grown up in the backs of the gardens. They’re quite friendly.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.