Britons eagerly anticipating the arrival of summer won’t need to wait much longer, as the next heatwave is on its way. The summer months have been somewhat of a let down so far in the UK with rain, low temperatures and wind filling the months of May and June. However, those looking for blue skies and soaring temperatures will be pleased to know things are looking brighter after a ‘Spanish plume’ is set to arrive. So it’s time to invest in your sun creams and plan those big summer days out, whether it be to your local pub garden or nearest park, as the next scorcher is coming. The sun has been making more of a regular appearance over recent days and temperatures have been climbing into the early twenties, but it seems we can all look forward to even better conditions by the end of this week. Those living in London and South East England are set for a real swelter as the heatwave begins from Wednesday 15th with temperatures predicted to be as high as 29°C on Friday. As we roll into the weekend, the Met Office predicts it will stay warm, around 27°C, but high pressures will bring the threat of thundery conditions. Temperatures are likely to be high with clear conditions for much of the UK although, we will see a North/South divide as Newcastle, Middlesborough, York and Sunderland are expected to see more average temperatures with more cloud. Newcastle in particular are forecast to have just 20°C on Friday in comparison to London’s 29°C. Edinburgh will also skip the heatwave with a cloudy week ahead and temperatures ranging from 18-22°C. Elsewhere, there will be plenty of sunny conditions to be enjoyed as seaside town Bournemouth are set for a reasonable 22°C, with other beach hotspots such as Plymouth only reaching 20°C. Brighton is the beach to be if you want warmer temperatures as they have a forecast of 25°C over the weekend. Wales and Liverpool will see a peak of 23°C on Friday 17th which will remain for much of the weekend, whereas Manchester will enjoy a slightly warmer 25°C. Unfortunately clouds will be much more of a regular feature for Belfast in Ireland all week, however, sunny conditions and highs of 22°C are expected on Friday. Forecasters have said the hot weather will last for around four to five days. MORE : ‘Weather whiplash’ can wreck your sleep – here’s how to fix it MORE : From cleaning sprays to suncream, our hottest buys for this week Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below