Amber Heard is set for her first TV interview after the verdict in her trial against Johnny Depp. The Aquaman actress said she doesn’t believe the representation of the trial on social media has been ‘fair’, after Depp won the defamation case following a lengthy court battle. The full one-hour interview will air on June 17 on NBC’s Today Show, as Heard sits down with interviewer Savannah Guthrie. In the preview, Heard, 36, says: ‘Even somebody who is sure I am deserving of all this hate and vitriol, even if you think I’m lying, you still couldn’t look me in the eye and tell me that you think on social media there’s been a fair representation. ‘You cannot tell me that you think this has been fair.’ Speaking on the jury’s verdict, she added: ‘I don’t blame them. ‘I actually understand. He’s a beloved character and people feel they know him. He’s a fantastic actor.’ A spokesperson for Heard added in a statement: ‘Johnny Depp’s legal team blanketed the media for days after the verdict with numerous statements and interviews on television, and Depp himself did the same on social media. ‘Ms. Heard simply intended to respond to what they aggressively did last week; she did so by expressing her thoughts and feelings, much of which she was not allowed to do on the witness stand.’ The Pirates of the Caribbean actor was awarded a total of $15million (£12m) in compensatory and punitive damages after a jury found Heard did defame him in a 2018 article she wrote about her domestic abuse experience. Depp, 58, initially filed the lawsuit suing his ex-wife for $50m (£40m), but Heard then counter-sued for $100m (£80m). With the verdict in his favour, the jury agreed to award the actor $10m (£7m) in compensatory damages and a further $5m (£3.9m) in punitive damages. However, the punitive damages were capped at $350,000 (£279k) per Virginia state law. Heard herself was also awarded $2m (£1.6m) in compensatory damages, therefore reducing Depp’s total to $8.35m (£6.7m). After the explosive six-week trial wrapped up, Heard’s lawyer Elaine Bredehoft revealed that the Aquaman actress couldn’t afford to pay the damages, and is now planning on filing an appeal. It was claimed during the trial that Heard had lost work in Hollywood in light of the legal dispute between her and Depp. Following the verdict, Heard said she was ‘heartbroken’ and described it as a ‘setback’ for women. In a separate statement, Depp said he was ‘humbled’ and thanked the jury. Depp has since been seen joining Jeff Beck on his UK tour. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Emma Thompson argues Johnny Depp and Amber Heard trial ‘isn’t representative’ of MeToo: ‘It’s not going to be derailed’ MORE : Johnny Depp and Amber Heard’s trial has already made it onto a new Billie Eilish song 