BBC presenter Lauren Laverne, who was due to head up much of this year’s Glastonbury coverage, has paid tribute to her mother Celia, who died on Friday. The broadcaster announced last night that Lauren, 44, would no longer be appearing at the festival due to ‘personal reasons’. In a post on Instagram, the Desert Island Discs host wrote: ‘Yesterday I lost my Mam, Celia. She was the kindest, most compassionate and most tenacious person I have ever met. Born in the middle of nine kids, she was a master peacemaker and persuader. ‘She passed her 11+ and went to grammar school which changed our family’s direction forever. Met my Dad at 16 and loved him every day of her life. She ran the only reggae club night in the NE and told me that being young in the 60s felt like that line in Mr Tambourine Man “to dance beneath the diamond sky with one hand waving free”. ‘She worked as a seamstress and a casino dancer (also making costumes for the troupe) to pay her way through college and became a wonderful teacher, eventually managing all Sunderland’s colleges.’ Lauren recalled her mum’s brilliant political notions, adding: ‘Somewhere along the line she had me and my brother and got political (she once chased someone from the BNP down our garden path with a rolling pin in one hand and me in the other arm) protested at Greenham Common and eventually became a city councillor. She delighted in helping people, especially those who like her knew what it was like to grow up without. The presenter paid tribute to her mum’s role as a mother and grandmother, continuing: ‘She had watched so many decades of history documentaries that when we met historian Michael Wood they chatted away like colleagues. She loved children and was the most devoted and adored mother and grandmother you could ever meet. But she also knew that mother is a verb as well as a noun and mothered so many others along the way who needed love and support throughout her life. ‘She made connections wherever she went including with the incredible teams at UCLH who cared for her – and us – at the end of her life. Thank you to them for everything. We are all utterly heartbroken to lose her. She had just given the kids their Glastonbury spending money and was looking forward to watching Paulie (as he was always known in our house – her favourite Beatle) tonight. ‘She’d been a fan ever since she saw him at the Sunderland Empire in 1963 (and later met him later with me – he was just lovely to her). Mam, I love you forever. Thank you for my fantastic life. I have no idea what I’m going to do without you, but I’m going to try to make it interesting and you will be in my heart, always XXX.’ Lauren was flooded with messages of support from famous pals and fans, with Sophie Ellis-Bextor writing: ‘Your ma sounds like the most amazing woman. So sorry, Lauren. Sending lots of love xxx.’ Clara Amfo wrote: ‘What a woman she was, what a woman you are. Sending you and the rest of the family infinite love.’ ‘I’m so sorry Lauren. I’m sending you so much love,’ added Fearne Cotton. Lauren’s loss comes nearly four years after her dad passed away in 2018. Other faces who will be presenting BBC’s Glastonbury coverage include Jo Whiley,  Cerys Matthews and Jack Saunders. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Steph McGovern says nothing is embarrassing after ‘getting her muff out’ on TV for live smear test MORE : Kate Moss watches Primal Scream from side of stage at Glastonbury weeks after Johnny Depp gig