A London man has bravely spoken out about his life-changing battle with arthritis. Jack Gaskin, 39, was diagnosed with psoriatic arthritis when he was 33. He has shared his harrowing story amid news that some sufferers are waiting years for an initial diagnosis. Leading charity Arthritis Action has called on more to be done to prioritise arthritis and to support those living with it. Psoriatic arthritis typically causes affected joints and cause them to become swollen, stiff and painful. It affects those with the skin condition psoriasis, and is a long-term condition that can get progressively worse. If it’s severe, there’s a risk of the joints becoming permanently damaged or deformed, and surgery may be needed. Jack’s condition was so severe that his fingernails and toenails had started to fall off, leading to huge mental and physical anguish. Jack, from London, told Metro.co.uk: ‘I had a business close the same week I went through a breakup. ‘The stress of everything just piled up and things started going wrong. ‘It was mostly my face and my head affected first, but then spread pretty much everywhere else. ‘All of my hair started to fall out, looking back I looked like a mangy dog.’ Jack attempted to work out what was wrong and went to the doctor, where he was mistakenly diagnosed with eczema. The wrong medication made his condition even worse and his health declined further. His fingernails and toenails started to fall off and his fingers began to swell – all while his immune system went into ‘survival mode.’ Within six months, the 39-year-old had developed arthritis in his knees before it spread to most of his other joints. ‘There was a new challenge every month’, he said. ‘It just kept all piling onto me and getting worse.’ Eventually he did receive a diagnosis amid months of different drugs and treatments to try and treat his condition. His hair has now grown back and he’s doing far better, but flare ups can still strike at any given moment. He added: ‘There’s no cure for pscorias arthritis, all you can do is keep it at bay. You do have to find ways to keep positive because some days it can floor you, there are days my energy is gone. ‘I have to get used to having it. I haven’t used shampoo or soap in six years now, because that would cause issues.’ Jack’s experience with work can be challenging – he was forced to leave four different roles as his employers wouldn’t accommodate his condition. While working at a popular coffee chain he did have one manager, called Fabio, who ensured he had a chair to use when he got weary. But he had to move location and his next manager was far more reluctant to make arrangements. It’s an issue many people with arthritis have, especially when flareups can affect their role. At one point, Jack turned to Reiki healing to try relieve some of his stress. He has since trained to be a Reiki healer himself and has other part time work during the week. Flare ups can affect his work at little notice, but Jack says he would rather not turn to disability support. He said: ‘It’s always this grey area. ‘If you go on benefits it can be lonely and isolating, and you might not have enough to live on regardless. ‘But work full time can cause further damage physically but also mentally.’ Jack has shared his story amid a new report that reveals the true impact the condition can have on people. New research by Arthritis Action shows how  people are living in daily pain with those in economically deprived areas more likely to be impacted for longer, be forced to give up work and be less likely to receive support. With the NHS being more stretched than ever, the charity is urging for more to be done to prioritise arthritis and to support those living with it. The road to arthritis diagnosis can be long, with almost one in four people aged 25 to 65 living with arthritis saying they experienced pain or discomfort for over five years before finally being diagnosed. And this is more often the case for those in lower socioeconomic groups. Over a quarter of people surveyed endured arthritis pain for more than five years, compared to 19% of those in the highest socioeconomic groups. The vast majority (84%) of people reported that when their arthritis is at its worst, they struggle with at least one everyday activity. Arthritis also has a detrimental impact on people’s work lives, as Jack explained. Just under half (42%) of those in lower socioeconomic groups said they struggle to work, with 26% having to give up work altogether. This contrasts with just 9% of those in the highest socioeconomic groups. Those in lower socioeconomic groups are also more likely to suffer with mental health issues, with over a quarter reporting poor mental health in the past four weeks compared to 17% of those at the highest end of the scale. Sadly, a quarter of those in the lowest socioeconomic groups admit to seeking help only once their arthritis has started to affect more than their health. Over two thirds of people said they were lacking information or support regarding their arthritis and although 42% believe clinical appointments to be the most helpful form of support, a third say they do not have enough access to these. Shantel Irwin, CEO Arthritis Action commented ‘It is heart-breaking to see that amidst a cost-of-living crisis, it is those in more deprived groups that are impacted the most. ‘The physical and mental pain that people are experiencing is debilitating and with an over-stretched NHS, they are not receiving adequate support to be able to manage their condition themselves. ‘At Arthritis Action, we provide support and educate people on methods of self-management which can help reduce the need for medical intervention. ‘As the number of people living with arthritis rises year on year, it’s time for a step change in the way we view and treat arthritis and we want to see the NHS and charities working together to support more people to self-manage their condition.’ The charity’s research even analysed arthritis cases by area. The charity found that those in the West Midlands are more in need of support, with over half (57%) responding that they felt either not very (38%) or not at all (20%) supported at the time of diagnosis. This compares to 44% of respondents in the South East of England, and 37% in London. To find out more about the work of Arthritis Action, click here. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.