Star Trek: Discovery star Sonequa Martin-Green has recalled how she felt when season 4 was pulled days before its launch, a shock decision that sparked fury among fans at the time. In November last year, it was announced that the CBS sci-fi series was making the move to Paramount Plus, having previously been made available to watch on Netflix in the UK. This shift meant that numerous people outside the US and Canada around the world had to wait several more months than anticipated before being reunited with science specialist ​​Michael Burnham (Sonequa), Saru (Doug Jones) and the rest of their crew on the USS Discovery – resulting in many, including members of the cast, expressing how sorely upset they were over the unexpected delay. While speaking to Metro.co.uk at the UK launch of Paramount Plus in London, Sonequa recollected how the cast ‘found out basically when everyone else did’, and were ‘shocked’ and ‘disappointed’ by how the series of events unfolded. ‘We were shocked, we were discouraged, we were disappointed, we were sad, all of that. Especially because we were so incredibly proud of season four and we thought, “Oh no! This isn’t the moment for this to happen. This is the moment for this story to spread”,’ she said. However, she also shared how excited she is that UK fans will finally get to watch season four with the arrival of Paramount Plus, stating: ‘But I certainly didn’t think that less than a year later we would be here already so I’m just really grateful that we got to this moment and now here we are!’ When discussing what to expect from the fourth season, The Walking Dead star explained that there’s ‘a lot of emotion’ surrounding the new episodes for the cast and crew. ‘We’re incredibly proud of it, because it was a labour of love to say the least. We were shooting in the midst of this pandemic and there was a lot going on. We were very grateful to be alive and healthy and working and doing what we love, but it was extremely challenging,’ she said. ‘There was a lot of tragedy in people’s lives in the company, but we stuck together and we made it through. So we have a special feeling towards season four, it’s got a special place in our hearts.’ The 37-year-old also ‘applauded’ the writers of Star Trek: Discovery for how ‘symbolic’ they made the fourth season, outlining how it became ‘a sort of picture of what was going on in the world’. ‘It’s like that art imitating life, and I’m excited for people to see that,’ she teased. The Star Trek universe has recently seen several icons of the franchise reprise their characters, including Sir Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Picard, Whoopi Goldberg as Guinan and Kate Mulgrew as Kathryn Janeway in the animated series Star Trek: Prodigy. When asked whether she would ever hope to share the screen with any Star Trek legends, Sonequa listed Kate, Sir Patrick, Whoopi and Avery Brooks, while also saying: ‘I want to work with so many people.’ ‘I am very much in support of crossover episodes and us getting an opportunity to work with some of the people whose shoulders we stand on,’ the actor said. Star Trek: Discovery will be available to watch on Paramount Plus when it launches in the UK on Wednesday June 22. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Star Trek timeline: All the TV shows and movies in chronological order MORE : Sylvester Stallone opens up on decision to ‘bow out’ as Rocky in Creed III as film takes franchise in ‘different direction’ 