 One of the Kremlin’s top propagandists has suggested Russia invade Germany next after getting offended over a ‘f*** you’ stamp. Vladimir Solovyov, a TV propagandist often referred to as ‘Putin’s mouth’ raged at German culture minister Claudia Roth after she received a gift from her Ukrainian counterpart, Oleksandr Tkachenko. Two stamps given to her depicted the sinking of the flagship Moskva and alluded to the famous Ukrainian defenders of Snake Island telling the Russian warship to “go f*** yourself”. Ms Roth laughed and repeated the phrase “This is Russia….F*** you” in English several times during her meeting with Mr Tkachenko on a trip to Odessa on Tuesday. Responding during Tuesday’s edition of his evening programme on Russia-1, Mr Solovyov claimed it was impossible to speak to German ministers – and said it would be better to send Russian troops back instead. ‘Do you think that after all these idiots, scoundrels, boorish and rascals in the [German] government we should talk to them about something?’, he asked. ‘This is the German Minister of Culture, who pretends to translate what’s written on a stamp. ‘So, the stamp said something about a Russian warship . She told us all to “F*** off”.’ He then asked: ‘What do we do now? Shake the dust of Teutonic graves again with the mighty march of the Soviet boot?’ Without this, an ‘understanding will never come’, he claimed, adding: ‘First they send their tanks to the east, which will soon trample on Russian soil again, and now we have this one, pretending to be the Minister of Culture, of course, from the Green Party.’ Solovyvov also recently claimed that nuclear war was brewing and that ‘bloody pages in world history’ would be entered soon. Speaking on Russia 1, he said: ‘I hope we’ll live through this. ‘If everything keeps progressing the way it is, only a couple of mutants in Lake Baikai will survive. The rest will be destroyed in a massive nuclear strike. ‘Because if NATO decides they can place whatever they want on our borders, they’ll be sending more and more American weapons to Ukraine, Ukraine will fire and end up hitting one of our nuclear power plants, and here we go.’ Putin himself has threatened nuclear war multiple times – but Boris Johnson previously insisted the situation is not as perilous as has been suggested. ‘There will come a point when you (Putin) say to the Russian people “The military technical operation we launched in Ukraine has been accomplished, it has been technically a success”‘, he said. ‘I think he has far more political space than people worry about. ‘People say we have to make a concession, we have to worry about what Putin might do because of the risk of his defeat. I think he has got a lot of space, he has got a lot of room for manoeuvre.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.