Beyonce has travelled back in time with her new single Break My Soul, which boasts a vintage dance sound, and it sounds like her next set of music videos will be more of the same vibe. The Single Ladies hitmaker has blessed our summer with her comeback track, a big house anthem, which was released in the early hours of Tuesday morning and is set to feature on her upcoming album Renaissance. Her bold new sound took us all by surprise and, by the sounds of it, the visuals promise to be epic. A source has told Metro.co.uk that Beyonce, 40, will be channelling her inner supermodel by paying homage to the glamour of fashion muses from the 90s and, honestly, if Naomi Campbell makes another cameo in a Queen Bey video, we might just faint. ‘Beyoncé is in love with the UK and credits them for much of her success over the years,’ the insider told us. ‘This is why she gave British Vogue the exclusive drop on the record. ‘She loves the fact that so many Black writers and DJs are thriving in the dance scene over there and was paying attention to songs by people like MistaJam, David Asante, MNEK, Kamille and early Azealia Banks when brainstorming.’ The source added: ‘She also wanted to honour artists like Brenda Fassie so there will be references to South African pop music all across the album. Some of her music videos will touch on 90s supermodel glamour and she’s planning to work with some Brits on her new videos and performances.’ We’re sold! Of course, if Naomi does make another cameo, it wouldn’t be the first time she’s appeared in a Beyonce music video, as she also starred in the singer’s Brown Skin Girl video in 2019 and features in the lyrics. Break My Soul has, of course, given the Beyhive all the memeable content with one particularly notable line that could cause unemployment to skyrocket. ‘Now, I just fell in love, and I just quit my job, I’m gonna find new drive, damn, they work me so damn hard,’ Beyonce sings. A sample from bounce legend Big Freedia then says: ‘Release ya job, release the time.’ The track sees Beyonce reunite with her longtime producers Tricky Stewart and The-Dream, who she previously worked with on Single Ladies, while husband Jay Z is listed among the songwriters for the track. Her seventh studio album Renaissance is said to be heavy with dance and country sounds. A source recently told Metro.co.uk: ‘She played some of the new records for some friends and the consensus is that it’s her happiest body of work to date. ‘It’s a natural continuation from her last two records because she wrote them out of her desire to find peace in the world and in her marriage. She is in a place where she feels like that is possible, and wrote songs which reflect where she is with her faith as a Christian.’ Beyonce’s new album Renaissance is out on July 24, while Break My Soul is available to stream on all platforms. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Beyonce fans are about to cause skyrocketing unemployment over ‘quit my job’ lyric in Break My Soul MORE : Beyonce put ‘2 years of love’ into new album Renaissance, according to her mum Tina Knowles 