WWE referee Tim White has died aged 68. The company has paid tribute to the legendary official, who spent almost 25 years working for the wrestling giant in various capacities over a lengthy and well-respected career. In a statement, the company said: ‘WWE is saddened to learn that long-time referee Tim White has passed away. ‘For more than two decades, Tim White was a dedicated WWE referee and official. White began his illustrious career in 1985 working with Andre the Giant and as a part-time referee.’ They added: ‘WWE extends its condolences to White’s family, friends and fans.’ After becoming an on-screen official, White was in charge for some of WWE’s most legendary bouts, including the iconic Hell In A Cell match between The Undertaker and Mankind at King of the Ring 1998. He suffered a shoulder injury in 2002, and a repeat injury two years later effectively ended his career, while he continued to work behind the scenes and eventually appeared in a series of on-screen skits where he struggled to deal with the fallout. Meanwhile, White – whose death was revealed just days after fellow official Dave Hebner passed away – also owned a bar called The Friendly Tap. WWE Hall of Famer Shawn Micheals tweeted: ‘Saddened to hear about both Dave Hebner and Tim White. Both incredible men I was privileged to spend time with in and out of the ring. My thoughts are with their families.’ Sharing a photo of himself with White, Big E wrote: ‘I lit up every time I saw this man! Tim White often was the man tasked with shepherding us at appearances and conventions the last several years. ‘He was always extraordinarily kind and warm. I will miss you, my friend. My deepest condolences to his family and friends.’ Shelton Benjamin added: ‘Man we have lost a great guy. Tim always made me feel like much welcomed family. My condolences to the White family R.I.P Tim White’ Wade Barrett wrote: ‘Sad to hear the news about Tim White. He was a total gent and a great laugh to hang out with. I knew I was guaranteed a fun day whenever he’d escort me on any WWE appearances. Thinking of your family, and raising a glass to you tonight, Tim!’ And Ricochet added: ‘I spent some time with Tim White doing Comic-Cons and other signings. He always brought a smile to everyone around, made us all happier just cause he was around. Gonna miss him.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE’s Vince McMahon replaced as CEO and chair by daughter Stephanie as he steps back amid misconduct allegations MORE : IMPACT legend Eric Young describes wrestling as ‘a drug’ but knows exactly how he’ll retire 