On my trip to Paris earlier this year, I had three goals: drink, eat and shop. Sightseeing was on the agenda too, of course, but what better way to see those sights than by stumbling across them on the walk over to a restaurant or, better, on a shopping spree? The French capital is the birthplace of some of the world’s biggest designer brands, like Louis Vuitton and Coco Chanel. It’s the pinnacle of luxury and, as well as being the city of love and the city of light, Paris is undeniably the capital of fashion. And, now that UK residents are able to shop tax-free in Europe since leaving the EU, it simply would have been rude not to. But with so many shops to choose from, across 14 districts, it can be difficult to know where to look. These are the best places to shop in Paris. My favourite day in Paris had to be the day we took the Metro to Bastille Market and wandered down, rotisserie chicken in hand, to Place des Vosges, the prettiest square in Paris, nestled in the middle of Le Marais. Le Marais, also known as SoMa (South Marais) is Paris’ Jewish quarter, which means that it is the place to be on Sundays if you want hustle and bustle. A historical district, Paris’ 4th arrondissement is brimming with distinctive and quirky boutiques, handmade jewellery stores and, best of all, an array of vintage stores and kilo sales. Le Marais is the best place to go if you want to find something special and unique and experience French fashion at its finest. Staying just round the corner of the Champs-Élysées, it would have been a crime not to wander around the shops. Situated in Paris’ eighth arrondissement (and often referred to as the most beautiful avenue in the world), The Avenue de Champs-Élysées is home to the flagship stores of both Louis Vuitton and Dior. But you’ll find more than luxury brands in this area, with Zara, Levis, Lacoste and Banana Republic also establishing their flagship stores on the avenue. Not to mention, there are a number of brilliant eateries dotted along the street, like Ladurée (which, according to our tour guide, serves the best breakfast in Paris), Pierre Hermé for the best macarons in the world and, of course, the world’s most popular McDonald’s. Nestled neatly in the Le Halles district in Paris’ 1st arrondissement, Rue Saint-Honoré oozes elegance and class. The street is best known for luxury shopping and haute couture. It’s here you’ll find a number of chic stores, including the ornate flagship stores of Gucci, Yves Saint Lauren, Burberry, Givenchy and Balenciaga. Just around the corner, on Rue Cambon, you’ll also find Maison Chanel, Coco Chanel’s first ever boutique. Admittedly, we only passed through to visit & Other Stories, but Rue Saint-Honoré is the ideal place for window shopping and splashing that hard-earned cash. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to do Paris – the City of Love – with your best friend MORE : I ate my way around Singapore – here’s what I learned MORE : The 40 UK travel experiences you should have before you turn 40