A few jurors dozed off’ during Johnny Depp’s defamation trial against Amber Heard, a court stenographer has claimed. Judy Bellinger – who recorded the six-week trial – has claimed a number of people on the panel struggled to stay awake during the proceedings, with the video depositions sending some of them to sleep. The lengthy trial drew to a close last week after the Pirates Of The Caribbean actor, 58, sued ex-wife Heard, 36, for defamation following a 2018 Washington Post op-ed, in which she claimed she had been a victim of abuse, without naming Depp explicitly. Heard countersued, but the jury found overwhelmingly in Depp’s favour, awarding the actor $15million (£12m) for damages to his career and mental health, while Heard was awarded $2m (£1.6m) in compensatory damages. Speaking to YouTube channel Law and Crime Network, Bellinger has since revealed: ‘There were a few jurors who were dozing off.’ Bellinger alleged that the sleeping jurors were sitting in both the front and back rows, and described the trial as ‘tough.’ She added: ‘There were a lot of video depositions and they would just sit there, and all of a sudden I’d see their head drop.’ Meanwhile, she noted the most attentive juror was actually an alternate – who can step in if a juror can’t continue due to illness or other emergencies – but she didn’t weigh in on the final verdict. She revealed: ‘Unfortunately, the one alternate that was on there, she was probably the one that listened the most. She was very deeply into every word that was being said. ‘I thought she would’ve made a great juror, and she did not get to see it to the end. She was paying close attention.’ Heard was found by the jury in Fairfax, Virginia, to have defamed her ex-husband with her article, while actor Depp – who has children Lily-Rose, 22, and Jack, 20 with former partner Vanessa Paradis – admitted that his life had been ‘forever changed’ by the case. He said that, six years ago, ‘my life, the life of my children, the lives of those closest to me, and also, the lives of the people who for many, many years have supported and believed in me, were forever changed. All in the blink of an eye.’ ‘False, very serious and criminal allegations were levied at me via the media, which triggered an endless barrage of hateful content, although no charges were ever brought against me,’ the Charlie and the Chocolate Factory star shared. Meanwhile, Aquaman actress Heard – who was married to Depp from 2015 until 2017 – admitted she was ‘heartbroken’ as she described the verdict as a ‘setback’ to women’s rights. She it sets back the clock ‘to a time when a woman who spoke up and spoke out could be publicly shamed and humiliated.’ Alafair Hall, a spokesperson for Heard, has since confirmed to the New York Times newspaper that Heard intends to appeal the verdict. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Riley Carter Millington: ‘I was scared of dying not being the person I wanted to be’ MORE : Ms Marvel review: Kamala Khan is a breath of fresh air to the MCU and the fangirl queen we’ve been waiting for 