On Tuesday 19 April I opened my brown paper bag of HIV medication and lifted out a pot of generic Truvada. I take this drug as part of my HIV treatment. It keeps me healthy and because I am ‘undetectable’, I cannot pass HIV to my sexual partners. But this pot was not for me. I was about to post it to a young gay man in Manchester. Not a friend, not an acquaintance – but a total stranger. A few days earlier I had replied to a tweet from another gay man in Manchester who was expressing his frustration with sexual health services in the area and the difficulty in getting an appointment for a PrEP refill. He described it as ‘almost impossible’. PrEP stands for pre-exposure prophylaxis. It’s a pill you take before and after sex that stops you getting HIV. It’s over 99% effective when taken as directed. In the UK, the pill we use for PrEP is generic Truvada. Yes, that’s right, the same pill I use as HIV treatment is also used as HIV prevention by HIV negative individuals. As I lead on PrEP for the UK’s largest HIV and sexual health charity, the Terrence Higgins Trust, part of my job is to keep track of these issues and so I offered my email address in a tweet for anyone experiencing similar issues. Several people emailed to report problems, and the stranger in Manchester was one of them. He’d been unable to book an appointment at his local sexual health clinic to have his regular three monthly check up and get a PrEP refill. Mr Manchester had been trying to get an appointment for seven weeks at this point, and had been without PrEP for three. He was desperate. For people at risk of HIV infection to be left without access to one of the most effective prevention tools available is criminal. We even know of people on waiting lists for PrEP in the Manchester area that have needlessly contracted HIV. I’d like to say I felt angry but the reality is, I didn’t. There is a time and place for anger. I’ve been dancing this tango for seven long years now, campaigning for access to PrEP for all who need it, in England, Europe and beyond. I know how to use my anger productively. Instead, I felt teary because I know what it feels like to be in this young man’s shoes. Trying your best to look after yourself, your sexual health, and that of your partners but finding yourself powerless and failed by the system. I was simultaneously concerned for his wellbeing and that’s why I offered him a pot of generic Truvada. I didn’t tell him it was pills from my own supply of HIV treatment. Shockingly, this is not the first time I’ve had to do this and I doubt it’ll be the last. After many arduous years of campaigning and a few legal challenges, PrEP is now available for free on the NHS – and has been since 2020. So why, in 2022, was I having to repurpose my drugs? PrEP was approved for use by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 2012. Later that year, the PROUD study launched in the UK and provided PrEP for 500 gay and bisexual men and some trans women. The study was made up of two groups, half of them were given PrEP immediately and the other half given PrEP one year after enrolling. PrEP was so successful that, in the middle of the study, it was considered unethical not to offer everyone PrEP. It gave us strong evidence of how effective PrEP is in a real world setting. Back in spring 2013, I found myself newly single after a seven year relationship ended traumatically and painfully. I no longer had a fiancé, or a home and I was pretty lost in the following years. I knew I was at an elevated risk of contracting HIV but I didn’t really start to care until the summer of 2015, when I decided that taking PrEP would probably be a good idea for me. But at that time, it was not available on the NHS and PROUD had closed recruitment. I went for an HIV test to confirm I was still HIV negative, but it was too late, the test was positive. I still struggle to fully articulate how I felt in that moment. Not only was I feeling the shock and gravity of my HIV diagnosis, I couldn’t quite get my head around the fact that an anti-HIV pill existed and had been approved for three years, but no one was talking about it. No one knew about it. My friend, Alex Craddock, and I launched I Want PrEP Now (IWPN) in October 2015, a website to provide information on PrEP and most importantly signpost websites where you could buy your own genuine, generic PrEP online from trusted and verified sellers. What happened after that took us all by surprise. IWPN buddied up with Prepster, another community PrEP site. Our work quickly became labelled as ‘The British Buyers Club’ a nod to the movie ‘The Dallas Buyers Club’, set in the mid-eighties, when people with HIV and AIDS desperately bought any drugs that might help cure or save them from an AIDS death. Often these drugs were unapproved, ineffective or toxic. Thankfully PrEP is safe, well tolerated and approved. We became a hub for people trying to access PrEP and for many who were pill-sharing. There were unpleasant parallels to those early AIDS days. It really felt like the health of people and communities most vulnerable to HIV were still being ignored and deemed of lesser value by the people in positions of power who make decisions on healthcare and prevention. This feeling persists today. We see it across all aspects of LGBT+ health and indeed mirrored in many minoritised groups. Although PrEP has been available for free from sexual health clinics since late 2020, ‘available’ does not always equate to ‘accessible’. The drug and monitoring costs have been centrally funded and this funding ring-fenced for PrEP. However, from 2014 to 2020 (pre-Covid) £700m has been stripped from public health funding – undeniably affecting our sexual health services, and access to PrEP. Though research has continued to show a significant decline in new HIV diagnoses, with long-term effects since the introduction of PrEP – falling 33% in the year it was made free on the NHS – our sexual and reproductive health services are on their knees. Real people like you and me are suffering because of it. A system can only be chronically underfunded for so long before it breaks. People cannot access the care they need. There are issues with PrEP access nationwide, not just in Manchester. On Wednesday 8 June, a coalition of HIV and sexual health organisations launched two surveys. One for community/PrEP users and another for clinicians, in an attempt to get a snapshot of the situation. Our Government has committed to ending new cases of HIV in the UK by 2030. That’s an ambitious target. But how can we possibly hope to achieve this without properly funded sexual health services and equitable access to HIV testing, treatment and prevention? How are we meant to make PrEP more appealing to and used by other types of people who could benefit from it when we can’t even provide an adequate PrEP service to gay and bisexual men who are actively asking for it? Some of whom are already taking PrEP and being left high and dry with no drug? The young man in Manchester was very grateful. But something has got to change, and fast. I am not the only HIV person who has given their treatment to others to use as PrEP. We shouldn’t have to, and this cannot continue. You can find the PrEP community survey here. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : U=U: How HIV treatment makes the virus undetectable and untransmittable MORE : How close are we to getting a vaccine for HIV? MORE : No one should feel ashamed for being HIV positive