A queer woman walks into a bar… If it’s a gay venue – and particularly if she doesn’t ‘look’ queer enough – she’ll face side-eyes and jibes about f*g hags. If it’s not, she’ll inevitably have to explain herself to pushy men who seem to believe they can ‘cure’ attraction to women with their seductive prowess. It’s a situation I’ve found myself in many a time. I’m bisexual, and often feel like I’m not accepted in LGBTQ+ spaces; many of which are targeted towards gay men. Nightlife that caters to women is few and far between, with lesbian venues closing their doors on a regular basis. While queer women and non-binary people are welcome in most gay-friendly pubs and clubs, a lack of dedicated spaces can leave us feeling alienated. SHE Soho opened in 2014, and is London’s only full-time lesbian venue – something that may seem surprising given the capital’s diverse population. PR Manager Tina Ledger calls it ‘a home away from home’, adding: ‘It’s a great place to meet like-minded new friends, and also the perfect hang-out spot for existing ones.’ SHE, located on Old Compton Street, hosts karaoke and DJ nights each week for their clientele of ‘queer women, non-binary folk, and their guests’. They’re still standing, but many nearby venues have closed in recent decades. In fact, there was a 60% decrease in LGBT+ spaces between 2006 and 2016. Tina tells Metro.co.uk: ‘Over the years, I’ve seen a few lesbian bars close in the local area. ‘This could be down to many factors, but the costs of running a venue in the centre of London are not something to underestimate! ‘Those wanting to provide a safe space for queer women and non-binary folk must be dedicated to the cause, and passionate that a space like ours needs to exist, which we are.’ Cost appears to be the main factor, with existing struggles exacerbated by the events of the last two years. London’s Night Czar, Amy Lamé, tells Metro.co.uk: ‘Lockdown closures, restrictions, supply chain and staffing issues have hit the industry hard, following years of struggling to survive due to the impact of rising rents and business rates.’ Her team have spearheaded a Culture at Risk Office and fund offering guidance and financial support to venues at risk of closure, as well as an Agent of Change principle that ensures new residential developments close to nightlife spots must foot the bill for soundproofing. Amy says these measures have halted the rapid closure of venues seen before Sadiq Khan became Mayor, and that ‘we are now seeing small green shoots of growth in LGBTQ+ spaces in London.’ These efforts may be noble, but it’s a David and Goliath battle for those in the hospitality sector – and not just in London. Vanilla in Manchester and The Fox in Birmingham are among the only two standalone lesbian venues in the country. Brighton, considered the gay capital, does not have a single dedicated bar or club for queer women and non-binary people. Women-focused club nights – such as Lick Events and Pussy Palace – have sprung up around the UK, and serve a vital purpose. For people who want a more impromptu place to hang out, though, or for older customers and those who are parents, there’s a huge gap in the market for a permanent base. ‘When you’re a developer whose only goal is to maximise profit, it is more financially advantageous to cater to a wider demographic beyond the LGBT+ community,’ explains Equality, Diversity and Inclusion Advisor Joris Lechêne on TikTok. When you break that down to more granular groups within the LGBT+ community, that potential for profit becomes even smaller. But it would be remiss to look at this issue purely in terms of business and money. ‘These spaces are so important as the queer community deserve a space where they are safe to be completely and unapologetically themselves, without threat to their safety,’ says Tina. ‘Personally, I found that queer bars, above all else, have positively impacted my confidence, allowing me not only to truly accept myself for who I am, but to love myself and my sexuality.’ The Night Czar’s team are now working on a map of venues around London, which will hopefully offer a clearer path for young LGBT+ people to find their peers. ‘We are committed to doing all we can to support these venues,’ says Amy, ‘and to do that we must have an accurate understanding of the number in our city.’ Many bar owners would be wary of inviting competition, but not Tina, who says she hopes to see more inclusivity – and new venues – in the sector. ‘Time will tell,’ she adds. ‘But there is certainly room for more lesbian and non-binary spaces – in London and the rest of the UK.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Can age gap relationships ever work out? MORE : Safe sex for lesbians – are dental dams all there is? 