Jennifer Lopez shed light on the racism she claims she experienced during her highly- publicised relationship with Ben Affleck. The dancer’s latest Netflix documentary Halftime, reminisces on her ‘multifaceted career and the and the pressure of life in the spotlight.’ Speaking about the intense criticism she faced as a Latina woman in the industry, Jennifer said: ‘It was hard when you think people think you’re a joke, like you’re a punch line. She described how she felt in one throwback scene, which saw American chat show host Conan telling the audience that he’s got ‘our script intern’ to play Ben and ‘our cleaning lady’ as Jennifer to stand in for the couple in a sketch. An unnamed publication was also quoted in the feature-length saying Ben shouldn’t ‘get friendly with the help, let alone marry them.’ ‘It was brutal. It’s one of those things that you bury very deeply so you can move on and get about your business.’ The Get Right hitmaker – who rekindled her romance with Ben in April 2021 – explained that the media coverage led to the breakdown of their relationship in 2004. ‘It’s funny because Ben and I were together, and we were so in love,’ she added. ‘It was one of the happiest times of my life. But also, there was this other thing happening where we were being criticized, and it really destroyed our relationship from the inside out, because we were just too young to understand at that time what were really the most important things in life.’ A year after they got back together, JLo sent her fans a video message in which she revealed that Ben, 49, popped the question last month. She revealed: ‘Did you ever imagine your biggest dream could come true? Saturday night while at my favourite place on earth (in the bubble bath), my beautiful love got on one knee and proposed. ‘I was taken totally off guard and just looked in his eyes smiling and crying at the same time trying hard to get my head around the fact that after 20 years this was happening all over again, I was quite literally speechless and he said, “Is that a yes?” I said YES of course that’s a YES.’ Also in JLo’s candid Netflix documentary, one moment sees the singer break down in tears after being snubbed from the Oscar nominations for her knockout role in Hustlers. Hustlers blew critics and fans away, and was widely hailed as the star’s best performance to date, with Oscars buzz soaring. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Conan O’Brien’s reps for comment. Halftime is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jennifer Lopez wants to ‘build a family’ with Ben Affleck as she shares loved-up video for Father’s Day MORE : Jennifer Lopez stuns in flowing white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with Ben Affleck on set 