A man has died following a medical incident at Download Festival over the weekend. He is thought to have fallen ill before Iron Maiden took to the stage at 9pm on Saturday, before being carried out from the crowd by medics. The man became unwell after the Deftones performance at the Castle Donington music festival, but police have since confirmed that the festival-goer – whose identity has not been made public – has died. Emergency services attended to him at the scene and he was taken to the Derby Royal Infirmary before later being pronounced dead. However, the exact circumstances are not known. Eyewitnesses at the scene gave an account of the incident, which occurred while thousands of fans began singing and jumping along to the main act. ‘It happened just before Iron Maiden came on and noticed people were shouting and then paramedics were going back and forth to help whoever it was,’ one eyewitness told LeicestershireLive. ‘It was during the first song that they were taken away. I don’t think many people realised what was happening at first.’ Leicestershire Police also confirmed the man’s death is being treated as ‘unexplained’ and investigations are ongoing. A spokesperson for the force said: ‘We can confirm the death of a man who had been attending the Download Festival in Castle Donington at the weekend,. ‘The man became unwell at the festival on Saturday evening (June 11) and was taken to the Derby Royal Infirmary where he sadly died. ‘The death is currently being treated as unexplained and enquiries remain ongoing.’ Download Festival is a mammoth five-day rock event that takes place from June 10-12. This year’s line-up included Boston Manor, Sleep Token, The Faim, Trash Boat, Marianas Trench, Holding Absence, Wargasm, Loathe, and Press Club. Joining them were Jamie Lenman, The Hara, Salem, Blackout Problems, Cemetery Sun, Dead Posey and Static Dress. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Adele Roberts issues health update amid bowel cancer treatment: ‘My body isn’t my own – but I’m turning a corner’ MORE : Andrew Lloyd Webber booed at Cinderella closing night after he calls staging West End show ‘costly mistake’ 