Pride Weekend is coming up fast. And, while it’s set to be a fabulous weekend for the non-drinker too, for many of us it’s time to get boozy. Tom Sandham and Ben McFarland, AKA the Thinking Drinkers, reveal the bars and pubs that have long been part of the pioneering bedrock of the gay scene – from some of the oldest and most traditional to a former leading ‘leather bar’. Check out their full list of picks below. This glorious, garish Grade II listed Victorian building was nearly closed in 2015. Instead, a campaign supported by Graham Norton and Sir Ian McKellen established it as the UK’s first building listed for its LGBTQ+ community significance. Legend has it that, back in the late 1980s, Princess Diana once partied here, having been dressed up as a boy by Freddie Mercury and smuggled in anonymously. For London Pride this weekend, RVT will be stretching its regular and notoriously raucous Saturday night shindig, Gay Shame, across two additional railway arches. There were thought to be more  gay pubs in London in the early  18th century than there were in the 1950s, with so-called Molly Houses being the first recognised meeting places. Often contained in coffee shops, pubs, taverns and private rooms, they were commonly  found in undesirable Molly Districts, including Holborn, Covent Garden and St James’s. Soho, meanwhile, didn’t become the focal point of London’s LGBTQ+ nightlife until the 1980s – and arguably its oldest gay bar is Comptons of Soho, a bustling boozer bang in the middle of Old Compton Street. Officially opening in 1986, it stands on the site of the Swiss Hotel, which was built in 1890, and for many years had a quietly queer reputation. Amid soaring property prices and changes in lifestyle, London lost 58% of its LGBTQ+ bars in the space of a decade from 2006. Iconic places lost included The Black Cap in Camden, Soho’s Madame JoJo and The Joiners Arms in Hackney. The Pembroke, however, remains a pub. While it might identify as more gastro than gay now, it’s worth popping in as part of a Pride-inspired pilgrimage. In the 1950s, then called the Coleherne Arms, it was the epicentre of Earls Court’s gay scene. In the 1980s, it was renowned as London’s leading ‘leather bar’, with regulars such as Freddie Mercury, Kenny Everett and Rupert Everett. Manchester has long boasted a fabulous LGBT+ scene – its Gay Village, on and around the pedestrian Canal Street, is arguably the most vibrant in the UK. Among its pubs, clubs and cabaret venues is On Bar, occupying the same site as Manto, considered by many to be the godfather of the city’s gay bar scene. On opening in 1990, Manto was the first bar that steadfastly refused to hide its clientele from passers-by. Deliberately designed with large glass windows, it proudly showcased the city’s gay community and set a precedent for bars that followed. Oscar Wilde called the city of Oxford the capital of romance and among its pioneering university alumni is Laurence Michael Dillon, the first British trans man to experience successful gender reassignment. It is also home to The Jolly Farmers, perhaps the UK’s oldest gay pub outside of London and Brighton. Serving the city’s gay community since 1981, it’s a properly cosy neighbourhood pub with leather sofas, snugs, wooden beams, fireplaces, a pretty pub garden… and just a little bit of kitsch. The Thinking Drinkers return to the Edinburgh Festival this August with their theatrical tasting show, The Thinking Drinkers Pub Quiz, ahead of a UK tour. Their book, The Thinking Drinkers Almanac, is published by Hachette. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Pride in London map reveals where the march will take place this weekend MORE : Top tips for anyone going to their first ever London Pride this weekend 