Nearly two dozen cats living in their homeless owner’s car were rescued as the temperature surpassed 90°F. The 47 felines were found in the vehicle on Tuesday in a rest area in southeastern Minnesota, according to Animal Humane Society investigator Ashley Pudas. Their owner had recently become homeless, but did not want to give up his cats. He had already given up 14 of them. ‘Unfortunately, with the heat yesterday he recognized that it was above and beyond what he was capable of at this time,’ Pudas said. ‘And he let us help them out.’ The owner did not leave the cats alone, and had been living with them in the car ‘for some time’, according to the humane society. ‘Sweltering June heat and humidity. No home, no air conditioning. Living inside your car alongside your cats and unsure where to turn,’ the organization stated. ‘This was the reality a community member faced yesterday when a concerned police officer knocked on their car window.’ Most of the cats suffered only minor medical problems from the conditions they were living in. The owner’s vehicle was parked on Interstate 35 near Harris, which is roughly 50 miles north of Minneapolis. ‘Our Humane Investigations agents worked quickly and carefully to bring all four dozen animals back to AHS,’ the human society stated. ‘Ranging in ages from just under a year to 12 years old, our expert veterinarians have just started examining each cat, providing vaccinations, balanced nutrition, specialized behavioral rehabilitation, and spay/neuter surgery.’ The organization said that ’47 animals’ lives were irrevocably changed’ after the rescue. ‘Today, 47 cats are finally experiencing what it’s like to have their own space in which to sleep, play, and eat,’ the organization stated. ‘This is just the beginning of their second chance but it’s 47 second chances we can promise.’ The cats will be sterilized and put up for adoption, officials said. The humane society is accepting donations to help take care of the felines in the meantime. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.