Piers Morgan has hit out at Prime Minister Boris Johnson for quickly dampening the mood after the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations took place over the weekend. Queen Elizabeth II, 96, was fairly absent from the festivities, after experiencing ‘discomfort’ on Thursday night, amid current mobility issues. Luckily, she came back to the forefront on Sunday night to close the occasion, as she stood out on the balcony of Buckingham Palace. Millions of Brits lined the streets to join in with the party, which marked 70 years of her reign. However, things were soon overshadowed by the news the PM would face a vote of no confidence on Monday. This morning, Sir Graham Brady, the leader of the 1922 Committee of backbench Tory MPs, announced this morning that he had received more than 54 letters calling for a vote of confidence. While Piers was joined by Isabel Oakeshott, Grace Blakeley and Sharon Osbourne for a two-hour-long special ahead of Monday night’s vote, he tore into Mr Johnson for ‘ruining’ the weekend. After they discussed whether Mr Johnson was likely to lose the vote, Piers went back to the atmosphere over the Houses of Parliament, sharing: ‘Still nothing happening, it’s like a weirdly eery… oddly enough, no partying. ‘No one out on the lash tonight, no partying with the Prime Minister.’ Piers informed viewers they would be heading for a short break, before spending a small amount of time discussing the Platinum Jubilee. He said: ‘It already seems a distant memory, of national unity and joy in celebration ‘Didn’t take Boris long to ruin that either.’ It comes after he already made a dig at the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who he claimed caused ‘tensions’ behind the scenes of the Jubilee. Piers told TalkTV viewers there were ‘tensions’ behind the scenes of the occasion. He explained it was ‘frosty’ and told viewers: ‘The rest of the family went into the garden and were milling around and they [Meghan and Harry] just disappeared. ‘So there is already a lot of tension there and the only glue it seems in this whole tension is The Queen and she’s not going to be there [tomorrow].’ Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays from 8pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : David Mitchell takes aim at Tory MPs in confidence vote quip on TV as ballot begins MORE : Tory donors urge MPs not to vote against Boris in tonight’s vote 