Love Island’s eighth episode saw couples questioning their compatibility while others took their romance to the next level. Today’s teaser saw Gemma Owen accidentally say Jacques’ O Neill’s name while talking to Luca Bish, and fans were waiting to see the aftermath of the unfortunate faux-pas. While her co-stars couldn’t struggle to suppress the shock, microbiologist Dami Hope was a complete mood as he exclaimed: ‘Oh my god, there is no way that happened, there is no way that happened!’ Paramedic Paige Thorne, who is now coupled up with Jacques, tried her best to diffuse the situation by adding: ‘Easy mistake to make, hun.’ Well, it’s safe to say Luca struggled to see the funny side of things. ‘Don’t roll your eyes at me and be a pr*ck,’ Gemma hissed. ‘It was a genuine mistake, I’m sorry, there’s nothing more to it.’ However, after Gemma enticed Luca with her pearly whites, all was forgiven. Meanwhile, Ikenna Ekwonna gleefully declared that the Hideaway was open and everyone voted for Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Page to enjoy a night alone. The following morning, as Tasha and Andrew individually briefed what went down, Ekin-Su vented her frustrations as she felt like Davide’s efforts into wooing her had gone out the window since Jacques decided to couple up with Paige. ‘I told myself I’m not going to be that girl. It’s about these little things,’ the 27-year-old actress said while fighting back her tears. ‘Every girl here has their morning coffee by the guy they are coupled up with and it would be silly for Davide not to bring my coffee that I always adore, especially the one that he makes,’ she said. ‘And he hasn’t this morning. ‘I don’t know whether I’m exaggerating it or whether it is a big deal because right now it feels like a huge deal to me.’ Ekin-Su wasn’t the only one who started having second thoughts, as Indiyah Polack also expressed that she felt ‘sparks’ were missing between her and Ikenna. ‘Maybe the romantic side isn’t the route for us,’ she said. With the mood in the villa a little low, it was the perfect opportunity for a men-  chanical challenge, with Dami crowned winner. After everyone put in a solid effort, they were treated to a party, completely unaware of the newcomers about to enter. Although she was down in the dumps, Ekin-Su naturally perked up as soon as investment analyst Jay Younger and model Remi Lambert’s made their entrance. It was a bit of an anti-climactic end, with Jay and Remi adjusting to villa life, but tomorrow’s teaser suggests the bombshells are ready to ruffle some feathers. Love to see it. With Indiyah and Ekin-Su having doubts, will their eyes wander to Jay and Remi. Looks like we’ll have to wait and see. Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island 2022: Remi Lambert age, job, and how to find him on Instagram MORE : Who has left Love Island 2022? All the dumped contestants so far 