A royal expert has said the Queen will be seeking to forgive ‘the more rebellious’ members of her family. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey caused waves of backlash among many royalists. Their bombshell claims about what it was like to be part of the Royal Family led to questions on how the family would interact during the Jubilee celebrations. But royal expert Catherine Butchert says Her Majesty will be looking to forgive and forget. Speaking from St Paul’s Cathedral today, she said the Queen’s ‘strong faith’ would have influenced her reaction to reuniting with Harry and Meghan. She told Metro.co.uk: ‘As far as I can see, there’s been a lot of harmony so far. ‘The Queen has said in the past that even the more rebellious members of her family are very much loved family members. ‘She’s someone who’d like to bring in members of her family, not push them away.’ Ms Butchert, who wrote the book ‘Faith in Our Queen’, also referenced a handshake between Her Majesty and Martin McGuinness in 2012. The former IRA leader was once rumoured to be the commander who commissioned the assassination of the Queen’s cousin Lord Mountbatten. Ms Butchert said: ‘The Queen has shown an ability to forgive all the way through her life. ‘She once reached out her hand to shake the hand of someone who may have been involved in the murder of her cousin. ‘She is someone who has sought to bring reconciliation between nations in her role in the commonwealth, but also as a mother has sought to bring in the members of her family that other people think should be sidelined.’ The writer added that the show of support for the Sussexes today had been ‘amazing.’ She added: ‘The atmosphere today has been amazing, especially after two years of covid I think people are just so excited to get out and celebrate. ‘This is a formal celebration. ‘But the Queen is also someone who has her faith and reads the Bible regularly, so even though she wasn’t here, the Service of Thanksgiving is also something very personable for her.’ Earlier today, royal biographer Omid Scobie also shared his thoughts on the current atmosphere within the Royal Family. He said there were ‘equal cheers’ for the arrivals of both the Cambridges and the Sussexes. While their relationship with the Royal Family is ‘not necessarily back on track’, the reception from the public was positive, he added. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.