Drake has surprised fans by revealing his brand new album just hours before it was released. The Canadian rapper made the announcement on social media on Thursday that his seventh album would be released in just a few hours from then. Talk about not giving anyone a warning! The 35-year-old music star shared the artwork and title of the album, Honestly Nevermind with the short message: ‘7th studio album “HONESTLY, NEVERMIND” out at midnight.’ The grunge graffiti lettering of the title is set on a black background, while Drake is pictured on the back of the album in an oversized army print jacket with his head down. Later that night, he also revealed the full track list of his 14 new songs after his new music was released to the public. This album comes just nine months after the release of his previous one, Certified Lover Boy, which was delayed after the rapper had to recover from surgery on his leg. Fans were thrilled that the star had dropped another album, with one commenting: ‘Summer has officially started’ as another added: ‘Honestly, I’ve been waiting for this.’ ‘Right on to save summer, we need a new anthem,’ a third fan of the rapper penned, as a fourth joked: ‘Leaving work early for this.’ Despite the excitement, fans were also confused that the rapper had not mentioned the new album or dropped a new single ahead of its surprise release. ‘Bruh you ain’t even given us a full day to prepare,’ one user wrote, as another remarked: ‘You were working in silence. Can’t wait for this masterpiece!’ Social media was awash with fans commenting on the musical redirection this record has taken, with some noting is it more house music or electronic in style. ‘Drake really dropped an album full of house music during Pride month. It’s a bit iconic, if you ask me!’ one tweeted. Another gushed: ‘I’m a house music girl so I’m not mad at Drake.’ Honestly, Nevermind comes after there was some speculation that Drake was collaborating with artists such as Taylor Swift on new music. The musician shared a number of photographs to Instagram back in April, which included a throwback snap of him and Taylor in 2016. He captioned the post: ‘They too soft to understand the meaning of hard work.’ It’s unclear yet if the rapper will release a track with the record-breaking artist, but after the surprise release of this album, anything is possible. All six of Drake’s previous albums have topped the charts in the US. Drake’s new album, Honestly Nevermind, is out now. MORE : Drake and Kanye West producer Metro Boomin’s mother Leslie Joanne Wayne ‘killed in Atlanta’ MORE : Rapper Trouble, who collaborated with The Weeknd and Drake, dies aged 34 