A British judge has rejected a bid to ground a flight due to take more than 30 asylum-seekers on a one-way flight to Rwanda next week. A legal challenge was made on behalf of a number of people who were told they would be removed from the UK on Tuesday next week. This was under the Home Office’s new partnership with Rwanda, which will see people who arrive in Britain ‘illegally’ being resettled in the East African country. The Government says this will crack down on human trafficking gangs and discourage people from taking such dangerous routes. But the scheme has been condemned by the UN, and human rights campaigners say criminalising people seeking safety based on their mode of arrival betrays the principle of asylum. Judge Jonathan Swift has refused a request for an injunction grounding the planned flight, but more challenges are expected in the future. Home Secretary, Priti Patel said: ‘I welcome the court’s decision in our favour, and will now continue to deliver on progressing our world-leading Migration Partnership. ‘People will continue to try and prevent their relocation through legal challenges and last-minute claims, but we will not be deterred in breaking the deadly people smuggling trade and ultimately saving lives. ‘Rwanda is a safe country and has previously been recognised for providing a safe haven for refugees – we will continue preparations for the first flight to Rwanda, alongside the range of other measures intended to reduce small boat crossings.’ Chief executive of the charity Freedom From Torture, Sonya Sceats, said: ‘We are disappointed that the court did not grant this injunction to ensure that nobody is sent to Rwanda before Boris Johnson’s cruel policy can be subjected to proper legal scrutiny. ‘But the fight is far from over. Caring people across Britain are incensed that this Government wants to send people seeking safety halfway across the world and are taking action. ‘The public have sent over 15,000 letters to airlines suspected of involvement in removals calling on them to rule themselves out, and protests are being planned up and down the country. ‘We will use every available means to see that this neo-colonial ‘cash for humans’ scheme scrapped and ensure that the UK is a safe place for people fleeing war, torture and persecution.’ This is a breaking news story – more to follow. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.