Doctor Who showrunner Russell T Davies playfully threatened to take legal action against Ryan Gosling after he was spotted wearing a T-shirt of Ncuti Gatwa as the Time Lord. The Sex Education actor – who was announced as the 14th Doctor in May –  is also working on the highly-anticipated Barbie film, which stars the Notebook star as Ken and Margot Robbie as the titular lead. And it seems like there’s a lot of love on set as Ryan, 41, was pictured rocking a graphic tee dedicated to Ncuti’s Doctor Who. So wholesome! However, screenwriter Russell shared his surprise in an Instagram post and issued him a warning in the process. ‘This is, genuinely, Ryan Gosling wearing a t-shirt of Ncuti Gatwa as Doctor Who,’ he wrote. ‘We’re suing him, of course. Illegal merch.’ Ncuti, on the other hand, was absolutely living for the moment and shared a photo of ‘King’ Ryan donning the T-shirt. ‘Dolls supporting Doctors,’ he wrote. ‘As if I couldn’t love him anymore,’ he added. We’re with you Ncuti! On the Bafta red carpet, Ncuti shared how ’emotional’ it had been, relieved that he no longer had to keep it a secret. ‘I woke up crying, and then I was dancing, but I’m glad it’s finally out and I don’t have to keep it a secret anymore, because I’m terrible,’ he said. ‘There aren’t quite the words to describe how I’m feeling,’ Gatwa said of his new role. ‘A mix of deeply honoured, beyond excited and of course a little bit scared. ‘This role and show means so much to so many around the world, including myself, and each one of my incredibly talented predecessors has handled that unique responsibility and privilege with the utmost care. ‘I will endeavour my upmost to do the same.’ He continued: ‘Russell T Davies is almost as iconic as the Doctor himself and being able to work with him is a dream come true. His writing is dynamic, exciting, incredibly intelligent and fizzing with danger. ‘An actor’s metaphorical playground. The entire team have been so welcoming and truly give their hearts to the show. ‘And so as much as it’s daunting, I’m aware I’m joining a really supportive family. Unlike the Doctor, I may only have one heart but I am giving it all to this show.’ Doctor Who will return to BBC One this autumn. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Margot Robbie snapped rollerblading on Barbie set as first glimpse of Will Ferrell’s character revealed MORE : Doctor Who fans convinced they’ve already sussed who Neil Patrick Harris is playing – and it could be legendary 