Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s daughter Lilibet marked her first birthday with balloons, cake and games, alongside some of her royal second cousins, according to reports. The ‘relaxed’ do was reportedly held at Windsor’s Frogmore Cottage on Saturday after the Sussexes travelled to the UK to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Zara and Mike Tindall’s children Mia, 8, Lena, 3, and Lucas, 1, are all thought to have been invited. It’s believed Peter Phillips and Autumn Kelly’s daughters Savannah, 11, and Isla, 10, were also asked to stop by. Archie’s godfather, Charlie Van Straubenzee, and his brother Tom, godfather to Princess Charlotte, received invites, it is understood. But first cousins Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis didn’t attend as they went to Wales with their mum and dad, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. An insider told The Sun it was ‘a lovely do’ and said it ‘had everything you’d expect from a child’s birthday party’. ‘There was no formal entertainment’, they said. ‘The idea was for it to be very relaxed and casual, with people free to pop in and out as they wished. ‘It was a nice opportunity for the other royal children to meet Lilibet for the first time.’ One present Lilibet is likely to have received for her ‘milestone’ birthday is a £75 pink Volkswagen Beetle ride-on toy, they added. It remains unknown if she and Archie got a chance to meet the Cambridge children at another point this weekend – although they did spend time with the Queen. Harry and Meghan have kept a low profile, only making one official appearance at Friday’s Jubilee thanksgiving service. They were seated far away from William and Kate and the couples remained separate when the family filed out of St Paul’s Cathedral. The Sussexes’ relationship with other royals is said to have been frosty since their bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview in March last year. But they retain a warm relationship with the monarch and said they were ‘excited and honoured’ to attend the Platinum Jubilee. It’s reported they have renewed their lease on Frogmore Cottage for 12 months, suggesting they could return soon. MORE : Queen says ‘my heart is with you all’ in thank you message to nation Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.