A brand new ceramic statue which cost £90,000 has been the subject of much ridicule in Cornwall for resembling a kebab. Standing at more than 37ft high, the ‘Earth Goddess’ now in St Austell town centre is taller than two male giraffes on top of each other. Believed to be the world’s tallest ceramic sculpture, it celebrates the community’s heritage of China clay. But locals have been relentlessly mocking the piece of art, calling it an ‘eyesore’ after its official unveiling on Saturday. Some described it as an ‘atrocity’ and made references to it ‘looking like a kebab’. Others argued the statue is a waste of money, which could have been spent on much-needed town improvements like street accessibility for the disabled and elderly. Even Steve Double, the Conservative MP for St Austell and Newquay, admitted he is not a fan. In a statement on Facebook, he confirmed no taxpayer money was spent on the colourful structure. The politician added: ‘In the light of the number of people commenting, I wish to set the record straight about the recent installation of the “Earth Goddess” statue in Aylmer Square, St Austell. ‘I wish to firstly state that I have had no involvement in the decision of the design or location of this statue. ‘I can also confirm that no local taxpayer money has been used for this project. ‘I appreciate art is subjective. I appreciate that there may be some people who like this statue, however clearly there are many who don’t. ‘Personally, if I were involved in choosing something that reflects St Austell’s identity, heritage and history, I think it is fair to say I would not have chosen this design.’ Mr Double explained the funding itself is part of a much larger award to the St Austell Bay Economic Forum from the then-Department of Communities and Local Government in 2018. ‘Earth Goddess’ was created by internationally renowned artist Sandy Brown, who has been making ceramic for more than 50 years. ‘She is a spiritual being, representing our love of the earth and our love of clay,’ she said in a statement cited by ITV. ‘It’s my hope that she celebrates the town’s unique history and represents our collective and eternal roots with the environment, nature, and mother earth.’ Alex Murdin, the project curator, stressed there is no doubt ‘it’s a different idea’. He added: ‘No public art is without controversy and this has had its share. ‘But I think people will grow to love it as a as a great symbol of the future of St Austell.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.