Music producer Metro Boomin’s mother has been killed by her husband. Leslie Joanne Wayne is believed to have been murdered by her spouse – not Boomin’s father – who then killed himself. Boomin, real name Leland Tyler Wayne, has not addressed the reports publicly with his social media accounts remaining inactive for several days. Her death was confirmed to TMZ over the weekend. Tributes have poured in for Wayne with Boomin’s celebrity peers passing on their condolences. Mike Will Made It tweeted: ‘Prayers up for my brother @MetroBoomin.’ Rae Sremmurd said: ‘Rest In Peace Trouble and Prayers to Metro Boomin and his family,’ also paying tribute to rapper Trouble who died on Saturday. Rapper Trina wrote in her heartfelt message: ‘Praying for you hard @MetroBoomin this is the hardest pain in life to endure… NOBODY should have to suffer the loss of their mom. there’s no words in the world to comfort this type of hurt. I’m so sorry this happened to you and you family.’ Tami Roman tweeted: ‘Prayers going out to @MetroBoomin on the loss of his mom! I’m really saddened by the news of this senseless murder. That man needed his mom!!! Dang man! Praying for you young king.’ DJ Mustard said: ‘Sending prayers to my dog @MetroBoomin.’ Dej Loaf wrote: ‘Love + light to you @MetroBoomin.’ Masika Kalysha joined in: ‘Sending Prayers and condolences to @MetroBoomin I’m so sorry for the senseless & devastating loss of your mother. This is too much! Too many people being shot & murdered every day. God have mercy.’ Boomin, who has worked with a host of A-list artists such as Kanye West, Drake, Travis Scott, Migos and Future, is known to have had a close relationship with his mother. Wayne raised the 28-year-old musician and his three siblings in St Louis and she is said to have encouraged him to pursue his passion for music from a young age. On the condition that he would keep up his school grades, Wayne agreed to spend every weekend driving Boomin the 17 hours from St Louis to Atlanta so he could work with music producer OJ Da Juiceman at his studio. Boomin has enjoyed incredible success in hip hop, producing Drake and Future’s hit 2015 song Jumpman, Future’s Mask Off and Migos’ breakout hit Bad and Boujee. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Metro Boomin’s reps and the Atlanta Police Department for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Daniel Radcliffe thanks parents for giving him ‘naturally evil’ British accent as he picks up best villain gong at MTV Movie and Awards MORE : First teaser for Hunger Games prequel The Ballad of Songbirds and Snakes drops and we’re hooked already 