Kate Middleton showed off how to power-dress this week, attending a roundtable at the Royal Institution wearing a candy pink trouser suit. The two-piece is by Alexander McQueen, rumoured to be the Duchess of Cambridge’s favourite designer, and featured a single breasted blazer and tailored trousers. The royal paired the suit with Emmy London pumps in a complimentary pink suede, alongside jewellery from Mappin and Webb and pared-back makeup. The general rule is; if Kate wears something, it means it’s in style. So we imagine pastel suiting is about to have a major moment. The exact one worn is still available to buy, but those of us without a regal bank account may struggle, as the blazer costs £1,370 and the trousers come in at £640. That said, there’s a wealth of similar options for different budgets, with shades of pistachio and baby blue complimenting soft lilac, pink, and lemon yellow. Kate went for a peg leg style trouser, but if you want to offset the muted colours of a suit you can give your ‘fit an edge with a wide-leg style or a military-inspired blazer. The clash of stereotypically ‘girly’ colours mixed with crisp tailored shapes will offset any worries you have about dressing too feminine. Plus, a pastel suit will see you through weddings, work events, and parties for years to come. Here are our favourites if you want to channel Kate’s style: Buy for £59.99 at Mango. Get the blazer for £268 and the trousers for £168 at Reiss. Buy for £75.98 at Asos. Get the blazer for £149 and the trousers for £119 at Whistles. Get the blazer for £42.99 and the trousers for £29.99 at New Look. Buy the blazer for £25.60 (reduced from £32) and the trousers for £22.50 (reduced from £25) at Boohoo. Get the blazer for £143.20 (reduced from £179) and the trousers for £79.20 (reduced from £99) at Coast. Get the blazer for £45 and the trousers for £28 at ISawItFirst. Get the blazer for £120 and the trousers for £85 at & Other Stories. Buy the blazer for £34.99 and the trousers for £19.99 at H&M. Get the blazer for £320 and the trousers for £210 at John Lewis. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to nail on-trend festival fashion while being a sustainable shopper MORE : The Fit List: Boost your self-care routine with these wellness buys