Fancy doing something good for the planet – while in a stunning location? Well, now you might be able to do just that as applications open for a unique opportunity to travel the Maldives and work on restoration of the coral reefs. You could have the chance to participate in the world’s largest global coral reef restoration programme, by becoming the SHEBA®Hope Ambassador. The role will see you travel to the new restoration site in the Maldives on the island of Fulhadhoo. Applicants don’t need any formal experience, but having a passion for the environment, strong swimming ability and a knack for storytelling are a must. This once-in-a-lifetime opportunity will see one UK applicant partnered with a Maldivian Hope Ambassador to join the Hope Grows movement and experience the journey of coral restoration first-hand. The three-week role will see you split time between the UK and the Maldives. You will have a week of training in Leicestershire, with the Mars Petcare and coral restoration team, before flying out to Fulhadhoo where you’ll participate in active coral reef restoration. Your role will involve you joining local community members on the island, including partnering with a Maldivian Hope Ambassador, preparing and planting reef stars – all while keeping everyone updated with regular blog posts on the SHEBA website and capturing content, stories and interviews about life and the community on the island. The Ambassador programme forms part of SHEBA’s global campaign ‘Hope Grows’, created to restore the beauty in our oceans. The restoration project plans to restore coral reefs, measuring more than 185,000 square meters – roughly the size of 148 Olympic swimming pools – at key sites around the world by 2029. The project has already seen the success of coral restoration efforts and its innovative ‘Reef Star’ technology at Hope Reef in Indonesia. Since its construction, coral cover has increased from 2% to 70%, the average size of fish on Hope Reef has increased by 175% and there has been a 10% rise in the number of fish species. ‘Scientists have estimated that if we do nothing, 90% of the world’s tropical reefs will be gone by 2043 – a devastating prospect not just for the reefs’ ecosystems, but for the nearly 500 million people who depend on the reefs for food, income, and coastal protection.’ says Professor David Smith, Chief Marine Scientist at Mars, Inc. ‘We know that coral reefs are the heart of our oceans and the continued work on Hope Reef shows that there really is hope. Our efforts around the world to restore and regenerate these precious ecosystems are showing exciting results and having a positive impact on local communities.’ Applications to be considered for the role as Hope Ambassador close on June 30. Got to the website for the full description and requirements. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman transforms tired kitchen into modern, stylish space for just £200 MORE : Two thirds of UK women are missing periods because of stress or poor diet MORE : What to do if your colleagues don’t like you