The family of a woman found dead in a tanning booth are raising funds to return her body to her home country. Piata Tauwhare from New Zealand collapsed in an upright salon compartment during an 11-minute session. It’s believed the 30-year-old suffered sudden heart failure while visiting a Swansea beauty business. She moved to Wales after marrying Ifan Jones, 23, in September, who raised the alarm when she did not return home. He asked his mum Emma Collyer-Miles, 42, to go to the Lextan salon to try and find her and she was soon discovered on the floor of a booth. Following her death on Saturday, mother-in-law Emma described her as ‘an angel to us all’ and said the horrific incident will ‘stay with me forever’. Husband Ifan paid tribute to his ‘compassionate, selfless’ wife who worked as a mental health worker as they try to raise the £5,500 needed to have her funeral take place in her native New Zealand. He said: ‘Anyone who has ever had the pleasure to grace the presence of Piata Tauwhare will know that she was one of the kindest and purest souls they have ever and will ever remember. ‘Her gleaming smile, eternally set on her sun-kissed face will live happily in our hearts forever. ‘Even when she didn’t understand a word our weird Welsh accents were saying, her teeth still glistened courteously and reassuringly to make us feel heard. ‘That was her in a nutshell, a compassionate, selfless woman, putting others first, even when she couldn’t understand a bloody word we were saying. ‘Pi was the most caring, special daughter, sister, cousin, friend and wife.’ A spokesman for Lextan said: ‘We can sadly confirm that a customer died while at our Fforestfach salon on Saturday, May 28th. ‘We give our condolences to the deceased’s family and friends, and we have also offered counselling to any affected staff. ‘We are cooperating with the investigation into this case by South Wales Police and any further enquiries should be made to them at this time.’ Police called to the salon at 4.05pm by paramedics but Piata was pronounced dead the same day. Detective Inspector Gareth Jones of South Wales Police said: ‘South Wales Police was called around 4.05pm on Saturday, May 28, by the Welsh Ambulance Service following reports that the body of a woman had been found at commercial premises on Carmarthen Road, Fforestfach. ‘Emergency services attended and found the body of a woman in her 30s. ‘There are believed to be no suspicious circumstances surrounding her death.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.