It is scone like gone, or scone like cone? According to Alexa, the former is the correct way of pronouncing the famous baked treat. In honour of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, the popular virtual assistant has stepped in to help settle a debate that’s gone on for centuries. Alexa claims ‘scone’ should rhyme with ‘gone’ rather than ‘own’ when speaking the Queen’s English. If you’ve got an Amazon Alexa smart speaker, you just need to ask it ‘Alexa, what’s the correct way to pronounce scone?’ You’ll get the response: ‘I pronounce it scone, to rhyme with gone, just like the Queen does.’ The argument over which way to pronounce it is almost as fierce as deciding whether to put the cream on first or the jam. According to Cambridge University, rhyming scone with ‘gone’ is more common in the north of England, Scotland and Northern Ireland. Meanwhile, those who rhyme it with ‘own’ tend to be in Cornwall, the Midlands and Southern Ireland. However, the rest of the UK seems to vary, depending on the community. Back in 2016, YouGov, (mostly known for its election polls), produced research to show that scone (as in gone), is the mostly popularly-used pronunciation and favoured by more than 51% of the population. The cone pronunciation is used by around four in ten people. Which doesn’t condemn one as right or wrong, but it does reveal where the majority vote lies. Meanwhile, Alexa has been loaded with royal trivia to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Amazon’s assistant will give you answers to questions including ‘how many corgis does the Queen have?’, ‘what is the Royal Family’s surname?’ and ‘does the Queen need a passport?’ The smart assistant has been trained with lessons from the etiquette coach William Hanson, Royal expert Jennie Bond and the Queen’s former chef Darren McGrady, according to Amazon. ‘When I started as a young chef at Buckingham Palace, it was fascinating to see how important afternoon tea was to the Queen,’ said McGrady. ‘It’s a pleasure to be able to share my expertise of the tradition through Alexa.’ MORE : Make these mini blue cheese scones with a herby egg mayo ahead of the Platinum Jubilee MORE : Parents turn to Alexa and Google because kids’ homework is too hard