Warning: spoilers ahead for Obi-Wan Kenobi episode 6. The episode 6 finale of Obi-Wan Kenobi was always going to be an emotional affair, as Obi-Wan (Ewan McGregor) and his former Padawan Anakin Skywalker, aka Darth Vader (Hayden Christensen) went head-to-head in an epic rematch. However, a twist that came right at the end of the episode has left many fans beaming for joy, as Obi-Wan’s own Master, Qui-Gon Jinn (Liam Neeson), finally showed up as a Force Ghost after weeks of speculation that he would appear. Liam – who also recently made a cameo as a police officer in Derry Girls – first appeared in Star Wars in the prequel trilogy, seeing the potential in Anakin (JAke Lloyd) when he was a young boy in The Phantom Menace. The Jedi was eventually killed by Darth Maul (Ray Park), using his dying words to urge Obi-Wan to train Anakin in the ways of the Force. The first two episodes of Obi-Wan Kenobi saw the titular character namedrop his late Master, leading viewers to suspect that Qui-Gon would eventually make his return. That prediction finally came to fruition in the final moments of episode 6, as Obi-Wan rode away on his Eopie after speaking to young Luke Skywalker (Grant Feely) for the first time. ‘Master Qui-Gon!’ Obi-Wan says in shock, as the Force Ghost turns around to greet him. ‘Well, took you long enough,’ Qui-Gon replies. Obi-Wan admits that he was beginning to think his old master would ‘never come’, to which he replies: ‘I was always here, Obi-Wan. You just were not ready to see. Come on, we’ve got a ways to go.’ The final statement made by Qui-Gon has prompted plenty of fans to speculate that season two could be on the horizon… with many expressing their excitement over Liam’s return to the franchise. ‘Qui-Gon really showed up and said “it was about time”,’ one person said, while another tweeted: ‘I’m screaming.’ ‘It was really cool to see Liam Neeson as #QuiGonJinn again. That really made me smile,’ someone else wrote, while one person simply put: ‘Qui-Gon!!!! Finally.’ Liam wasn’t the only Star Wars actor to make a cameo in the Obi-Wan Kenobi finale, as Ian McDiarmid also returned as the villainous Emperor Palpatine, the master who Darth Vader serves. Palpatine tells Vader while speaking as a hologram: ‘You seem agitated, my friend. I wonder if your thoughts are clear on this, Lord Vader. ‘Perhaps your feelings for your old master have left you weakened. If your past cannot be overcome…’ Liam threw some Star Wars fans off when he was recently asked if he would reprise his Star Wars character, saying he would only do so in a film. Oh what a red herring. Speaking to ComicBook.com about a potential comeback, he said: ‘Oh, I think so, yeah, yeah, yeah, I think so … if it was a film. Yeah, I’m a bit of a snob when it comes to TV, I must admit, I just like the big screen, you know?’ He added that he ‘can’t believe’ it’s been 24 years since The Phantom Menace came out, saying: ‘I just cannot believe where the time has gone. It was a terrific experience, shooting that film in London.’ Obi-Wan Kenobi is available to watch on Disney Plus. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ewan McGregor insists daughter wasn’t cast in Obi-Wan Kenobi because of him: ‘She auditioned for the role’ MORE : Obi-Wan Kenobi episode 3 recap: Return of ‘iconic’ Star Wars legend thrills fans as Darth Vader terrorises galaxy 