Johnny Depp paid a surprise visit to a wildlife rescue organisation a day after winning his defamation case against Amber Heard, with the actor photographed holding an orphaned badger cub. This week, the Pirates of the Caribbean actor was awarded $15million (£11.9m) in damages from his ex-wife Heard in the widely-publicised trial. Heard, 36, on the other hand, was awarded $2m (£1.59m) after winning one of her three defamation countersuit claims against her ex-husband, with the Aquaman star saying in a statement that she was ‘heartbroken’ over the result. On Thursday, Depp, 58, cheerfully waved at fans while arriving at Sage Gateshead, ahead of his musical performance alongside Jeff Beck, having been confirmed to join his musician friend on the rest of his UK tour dates, which will end on June 7. Earlier on, he took a trip to Folly Wildlife Rescue in Broadwater Forest near Tunbridge Wells in Kent, having been taken there by Beck’s wife, Sandra Cash. Sharing a picture of the actor on Facebook, the rescue organisation wrote: ‘Guess who’s been to see us at Folly Wildlife Rescue – no, you’re not seeing things – that’s the real Johnny Depp!’ Explaining that English guitarist Beck is a patron of the rescue service, they wrote: ‘As you probably know, Johnny has been appearing with our Patron Jeff Beck on his UK tour and in a recent break, Jeff’s wife Sandra brought him up to visit us and see for himself the work we do with wildlife. ‘And what an incredible afternoon it was for our staff and volunteers, as he toured the hospital’s care and vet units. Johnny was incredibly complimentary and in his own words “blown away” by what he saw.’ Folly Wildlife Rescue explained that being allowed to hold Freddie, an orphaned badger cub, is a ‘rare privilege’ that Depp was permitted. ‘To top the visit off, we even allowed him the rare privilege of briefly holding Freddie (as in Mercury!) one of the many orphaned badger cubs we’re currently hand rearing – and I think it’s fair to say he was bowled over by the whole experience!’ the statement concluded. Depp previously collaborated with Beck on the 2020 track Isolation, ahead of their recent joint performances. The actor’s defamation trial with with Heard came about after he sued his ex-wife for $50m (£39.8m) over a 2018 op-ed she wrote in the Washington Post, in which she spoke about her alleged experiences of sexual abuse, but did not mention him by name. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp’s social support ‘in the billions’ during Amber Heard defamation trial MORE : Amber Heard can’t afford pay Johnny Depp $8,000,000 and will appeal, lawyer says 