A nurse got a teenager drunk and then allegedly told him, ‘Come here baby, I want you to f**k me.’ Katie Barrett, 40, is on trial accused of groping and assaulting the 14-year-old at a VE Day street party in Camberley, Surrey during lockdown two years ago. She denies one count of committing a non-penetrative sex act on an underage boy on May 8, 2020. Prosecutor Leo Seelig told Guildford Crown Court: ‘On that day there was a VE Day celebration street party which took place outside the defendant’s home. The victim was there with his sister and his father.” ‘What the victim told police was that the defendant was feeling friendly towards him and his sister and she spoke to him about his GCSEs and what he wanted to do after school. ‘He told her he was soon going to turn 15 years old. She gave him some Strongbow cider and invited him to her house to get more drinks and they sat in her garden.’ Barrett was said to be drunk when the victim’s dad appeared in the garden, and she told him, ‘Don’t worry I’m not trying to seduce your son.’ ‘He [the father] paid no attention and told her he didn’t think she was,’ Mr Seelig continued. The jury watched a police video interview with the boy, in which he said: ‘When we were outside and started talking, she said to “come with me”.’ The court heard they then went inside and Barrett asked him: ‘So do you wanna f**k me? ‘She then said sorry and said she shouldn’t have said that,’ the boy added. ‘I then had more drinks and Katie called me in and shut the door behind me. She asked me, “Do you wanna do it?” and I said “What?”, as I was on my phone. ‘She said, “I want you,” and I said, “No. You’re drunk, and my parents are outside,” but she said “it’s fine” and she kissed me. I froze. ‘She said let’s go upstairs and I went along with it. I didn’t know what to do, and I was a little drunk. ‘She went upstairs to her room and got on the bed and said, “Come on baby I want you to f**k me,” and I said, “No, I can’t, there’s people knocking at the front door calling my name.” ‘She said it was fine and that we wouldn’t get caught. She touched my penis over my clothes and put her hands down my shorts and grabbed my penis. ‘People were at the door and I said let’s go. She said okay and I went out and carried on playing football again.’ Mr Seelig told the jury how although he initially stayed quiet he told his friend what happened the next day. The friend convinced him to tell his sister, who told their parents and then the police. Officers arrested Barrett two days after the party. The boy told police: ‘I took a drink from the fridge as I left to try and cover-up. I felt guilty the next day and was scared to tell mum because I felt embarrassed. ‘The other day it hit me, that I think she had it in mind the whole night. I didn’t realise until a few days later.’ The registered nurse, who attended court accompanied by her dad, told the jury she denied all allegations against her. When defence barrister Jon Anders asked her: ‘Is there any truth in the allegation that you had said anything sexual or inappropriate?’ She responded: ‘Absolutely not.’ Asked about her reaction to the allegations, she said: ‘Utter shock, absolute utter shock and I was very very upset. ‘I was drunk, I’ve never denied that but I knew what I was doing, I’d never do anything like that, I’ve got a son of my own.’ The trial continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.