Worried about your personal finances? It’s easy to feel pretty helpless, especially with the factors shaping the economy being so much out of our control. But there are little things you can do to help save the pennies, and the pounds, as ever, will follow. From tricking the kids and checking the freezer, to finding new uses for lemons and paperclips, these are the money-saving hacks you need to learn about. If you’re heading on hols and have a big freezer, you’ll want to know if the power went out while you were away for any substantial amount of time. Here’s a trick: fill a cup with water, put it in the freezer until it’s solid, then pop a coin on top. Leave it in there, and when you get back, check. If the power went out long enough for a cup of ice to melt — which takes ages in an insulated freezer — and then came back on, your food in the fridge and freezer may be just as cold or frozen as you left it, even though it spent hours at room temperature or warmer. However, if you find a coin at the bottom, it might be a good indicator that you should clean out the fridge and not risk eating contaminated food. If you’re dreading the summer holidays and your children eating you out of house and home, why not hide the treats in plain sight to save your grocery bill? It’s a no brainer — just stash the goodies inside a healthy snack’s empty packaging and they’ll be none the wiser. Ever wish you could remove highlighter marks from a book? Try lemon juice…Simply cut a lemon in half and get some juice on a cotton swab. Run the swab over the highlighted text and watch the colour fade. Juice from a container also seems to do the trick, though not quite as well, and the older the mark, the more stubborn it is to remove. Drink cans may seem an unlikely solution if you’re struggling for space in your wardrobe, but it, ahem, can be done. All you have to do is to loop the can tab on one of the coat hangers and let it fall all the way down to the neck of the hanger. Then loop the top of another hanger through the second part of the tab. Boom! One double coat-hanger. Tired of splashing the cash on bottles of bubbles for your little ones only to see them spill the lot minutes after getting their hands on it? Simply attach your kid’s bubble wand to the leg of the patio table to make a spill-proof bubble station. Turn your standard bra into a racerback bra by securing the straps in the back with a paperclip. You may want to put some tape around the ends to avoid being poked in the back throughout the day. Your bra will not slide off your shoulders and you can have an active day without having to adjust the straps all the time. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Three money saving tips for savvy festival-goers this summer MORE : These are the best tips for saving money easily this summer