For 40 years, nobody had any idea where Holly Marie Clouse was. She was just a baby when her newly-married parents, 21-year-old Harold and 17-year-old Tina, disappeared while moving from Florida to Texas in 1980. Months later, three women dressed in white robes told Harold’s mother he had joined their religious cult and renounced his family ties, prompting a frantic search which turned to grief as the years passed by. A pair of bodies showing signs of a grisly murder were found in a wooded area of Houston in 1981, but there were no clues as to their identities and DNA profiling had yet to be invented. Harold and Tina’s fates were finally laid bare last year when state-of-the art techniques using samples from their surviving relatives confirmed the bodies were those of the young couple. In another dramatic twist, Holly has now been identified as a 42-year-old mother-of-five living in Oklahoma. She was blissfully unaware of her family history until police turned up at her workplace on Tuesday and told her who she was. Holly met some of her blood relatives for the first time online that same day, and America’s National Center for Missing & Exploited Children has offered to fund a family reunion in person. Revealing the news on Thursday, Texas’ attorney general’s office said the family which raised her are not being considered suspects in her parents’ murder. No arrests have ever been made, though the investigation looked into the cultists who contacted Holly’s grandmother, according to the state’s First Assistant Attorney General Brent Webster. He told The New York Post: ‘Baby Holly was left at a church in Arizona and was taken into their care. ‘Two women who identified themselves as members of a nomadic religious group brought Holly to the church. ‘They were wearing white robes and they were barefoot. They indicated that they beliefs of their religion included the separation of male and female members, practicing vegetarian habits and not wearing or using leather goods. ‘The women indicated they had given up a baby before at a laundromat.’ Detectives know little about the murder other than that Harold was beaten, bound and gagged, while Tina was strangled, some time between December 1980 and January 1981. The officials did not state what happened to Holly after she was handed into the church. Mr Webster added: ‘It is believed that this particular group traveled around the Southwestern United States, including Arizona, California and possibly Texas. ‘There were sightings of this religious group around the Yuma, Arizona area in the early 80s. The women members would be seen around town at various points, asking for food.’ Holly’s grandmother, Donna Casasanta, said that finding her was a ‘present from heaven’ for her late son, whose birthday falls on the same date that detectives located his daughter. She said: ‘I prayed for more than 40 years for answers and the Lord has revealed some of it… we have found Holly. ‘Thank you to all of the investigators for working so hard to find Holly. I prayed for them day after day and that they would find Holly and she would be alright… We will be forever grateful.’ Detective Steve Wheeler said: ‘It’s one of the most meaningful things I’ve ever been a part of. ‘It’s a once in a lifetime thing to play even a small part in reuniting a family after 40 years.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.