London Pride is officially back this weekend, and we can’t wait. After three years away amid the Covid pandemic, the annual LGBTQ+ celebration will return with a bang on Saturday. It all kicks off with a huge parade through the centre – accompanied by singing, comedy and poetry performances, drag brunches, film showings, and much more. More than 1.5 million LGBTQ+ travellers are expected to flock to the capital for the 50th anniversary of the first Pride march in the UK While some regulars will be gearing up to return, other people will be preparing to attend their first-ever Pride. With this in mind, Pride in London has released some essential tips for first-timers. Everyone is welcome Queer or not, you shouldn’t be worried that you don’t fit in at Pride; put that thought out of your head right away, says Haven Thorn, spokesperson for Pride in London. He said: ‘Pride is for everyone, and is a chance for you to celebrate not just your gender and sexuality, but always as yourself – and you’re perfect! ‘With that said, Pride attracts people from all walks of life, including sexualities and gender, so it’s crucial to keep an open-mind and be respectful when meeting new people or seeing new things. ‘Pride is a judgement free-zone, spanning five decades of queer history, and kindness, acceptance, and mutual respect are of the utmost importance.’ Remember what it’s all about Pride is a great day for everyone involved – but it’s about much more than just having fun. ‘While an aspect of Pride is about having loads of fun and coming together as a community, Pride also has a rich history behind it, commemorating the 1969 Stonewall riots in New York City and the first-ever protest here in the UK’, Haven says. He adds: ‘With a multitude of challenges threatening our human rights, creating space to connect over our shared experiences and making our voices heard is particularly critical during Pride month when the LGBTQIA+ community is gathered together in solidarity. ‘Our key focus this year is on visibility, unity, and equality for LGBT+ people, something we consider to be a fundamental human right – they always have been, and always will be. ’Pride is about inclusivity and awareness that Pride in London is more than an annual celebration, it uplifts our community 365 days a year: inspiring and empowering every LGBTQIA+ person to proudly love and live their truth.’ Wear whatever you’re comfortable in While you may see lots of rainbow coloured clothes and glitter at Pride, there is no dress code. The hundreds of thousands attending have been told to ‘feel completely free to wear whatever you want’ and ‘celebrate who you truly are’. ‘Don’t think too much about outfit choices but pack anything you love to wear and you’re most comfortable in’, Haven has advised newcomers. ‘If you’d rather try something you’ve never worn before, then go for that – there are no restrictions – and on July 2 it’s time to let your rainbow flag fly in the most authentic way.’ Preparation is everything With the weather predicted to be sunny with highs of 20ºC, organisers have advised everyone to bring sunscreen. It can be a long day so a sunhat, comfy shoes and water wouldn’t go amiss either. Raise a glass to the LGBTQ+ community – but you don’t have to drink Many will be toasting the Pride parade with a gin and tonic – but don’t feel like you have to if you’re tee-total, driving or just simply not in the mood. Haven says: ‘Pride is all about letting loose and having fun. ‘There are many cities that have a selection of sober Pride events and you won’t be the only person not drinking at Pride – and there will also be many non-alcoholic options you could ask for even at the parties with drinks!’ Stay safe and holler if you need help On the day, there will be Pride in London volunteers throughout all areas of London that the festival touches, specifically there to provide information, assistance, and escalate any safety concerns. MORE : More than 1,500,000 to march for ‘unity and Equality’ at London Pride Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.