Police are investigating after at least 20 young people were found dead inside a nightclub in South Africa with ‘no signs of visible injury’. The bodies were found ‘strewn across chairs’ in Enyobeni Tavern, a popular venue in the suburb of Scenery Park in the southern city of East London. The victims are all believed to be between the ages of 18 and 20, police said. Local media said the death toll could be as high as 22 and there is speculation those who died were exposed to some kind of poison or died during a stampede. But South African Police Service SAPS claimed they did not wish to speculate until their investigation was complete. Health department spokesman Siyanda Manana said: ‘At this point we cannot confirm the cause of death. ‘We are going to conduct autopsies as soon as possible to establish the probable cause of death. The deceased have been taken to state mortuaries.’ The owner of the club, Siyakhangela Ndevu, told local broadcaster eNCA that he had been called to the scene early on Sunday. He said: ‘I am still uncertain about what really happened, but when I was called in the morning I was told the place was too full and that some people were trying to force their way into the tavern. ‘However, we will hear what the police say about the cause of death.’  News service Dispatch Live earlier claimed a reporter was at the ‘horrific’ scene – but said images were not fit for publication. The bodies are described as laying on chairs with ‘no obvious sign of injury’. Brigadier Tembinkosi Kinana told Newsroom Afrika: ‘The SAPS confirms an incident where people were found dead in a tavern in Scenery Park in the area of East London. ‘We received this report in the early hours of Sunday. The circumstances surrounding the incident are under investigation as we speak. ‘We do not want to make any speculation at this stage, our investigation is continuing.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.