No matter how much we love our pets, their fur getting on our clothes and furniture can be annoying. In fact, a poll of 2,000 pet owners by AEG found that 28% believe all their time is spent cleaning up fur around the house, while 50% are astounded by the hair and mess their pets create. If you have a cat or dog, and are looking to lessen the time spent vacuuming and lint rolling, these laundry hair removers may be just the thing. Rather than manually getting rid of fur, the sticky pads go in the wash with your usual products. Made from a non-toxic, odourless PU glue, they’ll attract dander throughout the cycle. When you’re done, give it a rinse and you’re good to use it again in the next load. As well as this, they can be used dry, pulling up dust and lint from clothes, furnishings, and even keyboards and mobile phones. You may have seen the handy gadget on TikTok, where it’s a popular buy with creators, but regular pet owners have also hailed it as a gamechanger. ‘I have two dogs and am forever washing bedding, so having these is a godsend,’ said one reviewer. Another said: ‘I was skeptical but my cat puts hair all over my curtain linings and I couldn’t get it off, even by washing. Placed one of these in the washer with each curtain and the hair was gone.’ It appears the way to get the best out of these is to use them dry first. Before a wash, run a sticky pad over any garments that are particularly fluff-ridden. Then give it a rinse, leave to dry, and pop into the machine. While you can get products that dissolve pet hair in the wash, these could be a more eco-friendly (and purse-friendly) alternative. Coming in at £6.99 (reduced from £10.99) for a four-pack and £13.99 (reduced from £15.99) for six, it pays to switch to reusable solutions. Get the Pet Hair Remover for Laundry at Amazon. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to cook the perfect, juicy steak on a BBQ MORE : ‘An absolute godsend’: Pet owners love this de-shedding brush – and it’s now on sale MORE : Cat who had ears removed due to skin cancer needs a home