A parasite known as ‘the tongue-eating louse’ has been discovered among an import of fish. Cymothoa exigua, a parasitic isopod, is typically found south of the Gulf of California. The creepy creature can infect a fish then sever the blood vessels in the animal’s tongue, causing it to fall off. The parasite then attaches itself to the remaining ‘stub’ and becomes the fish’s new tongue. Port authorities in Suffolk were recently left shocked after a discovery of the rare Cymothoa exigua in a container of an import. The stowaway isopods had managed to enter the UK in the bodies of seabream fish. They were discovered at the Port of Felixstowe by Suffolk Coastal Port Health Authority (SCPHA). SCPHA, which provides essential health checks on food and animal-related imports, was able to reject the consignment and send it back to its country of origin. The health hazard was discovered by the organisation’s Danut Cazacu and Ashley Kemp. Danut said: ‘Cases such as these are clear reminders of why we work hard to investigate imports and ensure they’re safe for human consumption. ‘Many goods pass our health checks without presenting risks, but we sometimes receive unacceptable consignments and must be ready for anything.’ SCPHA first noticed something wrong with the import, which was intended for human consumption, when its importer failed to complete the required paperwork. A routine health check then revealed the parasites. Upon opening and examining a sample of cartons from the container, Danut and Ashley discovered the dead Cymothoa exigua nestling between the fish. Danut said: ‘Investigations are carried out at our discretion, so when we detect something is wrong, we can have more of the consignment unloaded for further examination. ‘After checking more cartons, it was apparent that most of the seabream were infested, so we denied the consignment’s entry into the UK. ‘From there the importer can choose to have it destroyed or sent back to them, and in this case they chose the latter.’ Cymothoa exigua has rarely been discovered in the UK. In 2014, a Morrisons shopper was rewarded with a bottle of wine after he spotted the parasite in his fish supper. The following year, a bizarre creature at the centre of what was dubbed ‘tunagate’, also emerged to be the Cymothoa exigua. Zoe Butler, 28, made the scary discovery after buying a tin of Princes tuna from her local Asda in Arnold Nottingham. East Suffolk Council, SCPHA and its more than 130 team members check over 80,000 consignments every year to ensure imports are fit for human consumption. The organisation says high food standards, ship sanitation certification and infectious disease control prevent creatures such as the stowaway ‘tongue-eating louse’ making it to dinner plates or shop shelves. SCPHA staff also recently found a Giant River Prawn at the Port of Felixstowe, with limbs extending to 16 inches. The giant freshwater prawn is one of the biggest in the world and is known to grow anywhere between 30 and 50cm. The long-limbed visitor to the Port of Felixstowe had been noticed during a routine check in May. Richard Jacobs, port health manager, said: ‘Well done to Danut, Ashley and our other team members involved in spotting and handling this import. ‘It’s not every day that we find imports infested with parasites, but we are always prepared and ready to take action.’ ‘The Giant River Prawn passed our health checks with flying colours, so you never know what you’ll find.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.