Love Island’s Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu had a ‘secret fling’ with Towie star James Lock, according to reports. The actress –  who has been hailed as the best bombshell to grace the villa – is said to have dated the TV personality before he was romantically linked to former Love Island alum Megan Barton Hanson. It’s been claimed that Ekin-Su, 27, met James through mutual friends and the pair enjoyed a brief relationship before going their separate ways. ‘They met through friends and dated for a short time last year,’ a source said. ‘It was a very passionate fling while it lasted but fizzled out. That was when James moved on to Megan,’ the insider added to The Sun. It’s been an explosive couple of days for ‘Dear’ Ekin-Su after she and Davide Sanclimenti confronted her for kissing newcomer Jay Younger. ‘They’re gonna give you an Oscar,’ he heckled, as Ekin-Su explained to the girls: ‘Yes I kissed him, so what? He’s not said I’m his girlfriend technically, it’s not cheating.’ ‘He’s acting like he cares now, what the hell? That’s what confused me.’ Davide admitted that he didn’t want to open up to Ekin-Su as he was ‘scared’ that she would hurt him. ‘This is the reason why I was not opening myself because I am scared to be hurt from a woman like you,’ he added. In Friday’s episode, fans were introduced to dancer Danica, and Ekin-Su was a little worried that her budding romance with Jay, 28, would be under threat by her arrival. Shortly after meeting the bombshell, Ekin-Su pointedly told the cameras: ‘She better stay away from my man.’ Ekin-Su wasn’t the only one who wasn’t exactly thrilled by the new arrival, and this didn’t go unnoticed by Danica, who told cameras she thought ‘these girls have it in for me.’ It’s all part of the game for the Leicester woman however, who told the other female contestants they seemed like ‘lovely girls’ but she’s willing to step on toes to get what she wants. Metro.co.uk has reached out to ITV and James Lock’s reps for comment. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island 2022: Where are the contestants’ sunglasses from and how can you buy them? MORE : Are Love Island week 2’s couples hot or not? Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Page most compatible as pair ‘go from strength to strength’ 