The UK is finally enjoying a spell of hot weather after weeks of low temperatures, rain and wind across the country – and it’s come just in time for the start of summer. The current heatwave is set to see the mercury soar across mark across much of the country – with temperatures predicted to top 34°C in London, and parts of the South-East and Wales by the end of the week. So how long will the current heatwave last – and just how hot is it likely to get? Here’s what you need to know… According to the Met Office, the high temperatures are set to continue for the next few days at least, before things start to cool off over the weekend. ‘There’s not been much in the way of exceptionally warm days or hot days yet this year, but that is set to change,’ the Met Office’s Steven Keates said. ‘We’re set to see probably a brief spell of hot weather at the end of this coming week.’ South east England may experience temperatures of 32°C on Friday, and Mr Keates added: ‘It could possibly be a little hotter than that … mid-thirties are possible.’ If the prediction is accurate, Britain will be hotter than Portugal, Jamaica, Costa Rica, the Canary Islands and Cyprus – with the current hottest temperature of the year so far – 27.5°C recorded at Heathrow in May – set to be eclipsed. However, people looking to top up their tans, swim in open water or use public transport have been warned to exercise caution. Craig Snell, a Met Office forecaster, told the PA news agency: ‘Very high UV levels are expected in the South this week, meaning people should really avoid being in the sun during the midday hours. ‘Wearing sunglasses, a shirt, a hat and sunscreen are essential to protect the eyes and skin, and drinking lots of water is important – long exposure to the sun can be dangerous. ‘People should avoid overdoing it. We all love the sunny weather, but being sensible can help you avoid a nasty sunburn.’ Here’s how the forecast is looking from the Met Office for the next few days: Another fine, dry day for most areas, sunniest skies in the south with sunshine hazy at times over northern and central and Wales later. Cloudier with rain at times for parts of northern and western Scotland. A fine evening for most and then a dry night with clear skies or long clear periods. Cloudier with rain at times over parts of northern and western Scotland though. Most areas fine and dry with plenty of sunshine, many parts hotter than today. Cloudier with rain at times for parts of the far northwest. Dry, sunny and hot, although cooler in the north with rain. Cooler over the weekend with heavy rain in the south. Becoming dry and bright in the north. It’s too early to say for definite whether we’re in for more of the same in July – or another baking hot August to rival the one we had in 2020. The long-range forecast from the Met Office, going into next month, says that temperatures will be ‘most likely near or above normal with some warm spells possible as expected for the time of year’. However, the Met Office’s Steven Keates has suggested that more hot days could be on the cards before summer is out . ‘We think at the moment it will be warmer than average with an increasing likelihood of heatwaves,’ he said. ‘There have been no heatwaves so far this year… the greater likelihood is that it’s going to be the further south, south east, you are.’ MORE : How to sleep well in warm weather, according to a sleep scientist Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Share your views in the comments below.