Britney Spears and Sam Asghari have officially married six years after meeting, and their big day was nothing short of a fairytale. The Toxic star, 40, married actor Sam, 28, at her home in Thousand Oaks, Los Angeles, on Thursday after getting engaged in September 2021. Britney looked ever the glowing bride in her off-the-shoulder white Versace dress with a split up the leg, paired with a white veil with a satin trim, while Sam opted for a tuxedo from the Italian label. While her ex-husband Jason Alexander caused a major disruption to the day when he attempted to crash the wedding, the ceremony ended up going off without a hitch – and the newly-released pictures make it look like it was an utterly glorious occasion. The pop star has since shared a gorgeous video montage of the big day, featuring her arriving to the ceremony in a horse-drawn carriage, guests partying at the reception – and the magical moment the couple say their vows. But now, the first official pictures have arrived and prove the couple’s glamorous day truly was a fairytale come to life. In the couple’s wedding pictures, Britney’s 62 carats of diamond jewellery stole the show, designed by Stephanie Gottlieb, who was also the creative force behind the couple’s wedding rings. The Baby One More Time musician’s home was decorated with delicate flowers, which carried over to a Cinderella-esque carriage parked outside, complete with a white horse with golden hooves and white feathers adorned on its head. Britney and Sam said their vows in a 10-minute ceremony under a tent draped in velvet blush, with stars including Madonna, Selena Gomez, Drew Barrymore, Paris Hilton and Carter Reum, Ansel Elgort, will.i.am, and Donatella Versace looking on, many of whom were later caught in snaps on the dance floor. The singer changed into three more Versace outfits after the ceremony, including a black minidress, a two-toned look and a red minidress for the party. Britney’s montage video that she shared on Instagram begins with a drawing of Sam and Britney’s wedding outfits, before moving on to show Sam picking up his suit from the rack and Britney posing in her wedding gown, with Sam nervously checking the time on his watch as the ‘movie’ day begins. Britney then arrives in a white, flower-laden horse-drawn carriage, as ‘I Can’t Help Falling In Love With You’ plays in the background. The couple stand hand-in-hand at an altar made entirely of flowers, beaming at each other, as Sam appears to say his vows underneath the sound of the music. Elsewhere in the video montage, guests applaud as Britney and Sam walk down the aisle together as a newly-married couple, before heading off in the carriage together and sharing a kiss on the balcony of Britney’s home. Eventually, the husband and wife take off together in a white Rolls Royce with the words ‘Just Married’ painted on the back – a day ‘out of a movie’ indeed. However, the day didn’t go by without a hiccup, as Britney’s first ex-husband Jason Alexander attempted to crash the nuptials while livestreaming. Britney’s sons, Sean Preston, 16, and Jayden James, 15, who she shares with ex Kevin Federline, are said to have skipped the wedding but wished their mother the best for the big day. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sam Asghari describes wedding to Britney Spears as ‘out of a movie’ after she celebrates ‘fairytale’ day MORE : Britney Spears ‘granted restraining order’ against ex-husband Jason Alexander after he tried to crash wedding ‘with knife’ 