Britain’s Got Talent judge Amanda Holden was forced to quickly clarify a comment she made when she told a comedian with cerebral palsy that she had ‘funny bones’. During tonight’s live show for the third semi-final of the week, singer Tom Ball and comedian Eva Abley became the latest acts to make it through to Sunday’s final. While Tom won the overall public vote, Eva wound up in the top three alongside magician Keiichi Iwasaki. In the end, judges David Walliams, Amanda and Alesha Dixon all voted to save Eva, as Simon Cowell remarked that he thought a couple of wildcards should be introduced for the final after some deserving acts missed out on spots. Earlier in the evening after bursting into laughter over Eva’s act, Amanda was full of praise for the 14-year-old. However, when it came time for her to deliver her critique, she awkwardly said: ‘You have got funny bones, there’s nothing else to say.’ (Skip to 6 minutes 10 seconds to watch the moment…) Uncomfortable laughter could be heard from the audience, who realised why Amanda saying Eva had ‘funny bones’ might be inappropriate. Disability charity Scope UK explains that cerebral palsy is a condition that impacts ‘muscle control and movement’, affecting approximately one in every 400 children in the UK. In an article published in the National Library of Medicine by a paediatrician in 2014, it states that cerebral palsy ‘is the most prevalent childhood condition associated with low bone mass’. After Amanda made her remark, she continued, saying: ‘I mean, you have got funny bones,’ before placing her head in her hands. ‘You know what I mean! That wasn’t a joke,’ she added, as Eva continued to grin from ear to ear. Several viewers expressed their incredulity over the exchange, with one tweeting: ‘Did Amanda Holden just tell a girl with cerebral palsy that they have funny bones?’ ‘Live TV at its finest,’ someone else quipped, as another added: ‘Lol, Amanda actually said to a girl who has cerebral palsy “you have funny bones” dear god.’ Britain’s Got Talent returns tomorrow at 8pm on ITV and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: Simon Cowell teases wildcards in final after viewers’ disappointment over eliminated acts MORE : Who is in the Britain’s Got Talent final? 