A pilot got stuck in helping baggage handlers at Edinburgh Airport amid the travel chaos gripping the UK. Footage shows the hard-working employee loading luggage onto the conveyor belt ahead of the delayed Edelweiss Air flight to Zurich. Passenger Robin Irwin filmed the exploits from his seat and shared the clip on Twitter, calling the pilot ‘awesome’. He added: ‘That’s a can do attitude!’ The pilot’s appearance on the tarmac on Sunday came as flights across the UK were severely impacted by the shortage of airport workers. Only an easyJet flight to Stansted has been cancelled at Edinburgh Airport so far today, but this is not the case elsewhere. Airlines at terminals two and three at Heathrow have been asked to cancel 10% of their flights today, while EasyJet confirmed it will cut more flights from Gatwick later this summer. It might look like a rare sight, but this isn’t the first pilot to help load luggage during the travel disruptions. A TUI co-pilot was also filmed hauling suitcases at Manchester Airport earlier this month. Airports and airlines are struggling to cope with the numbers of travellers after thousands of employees were made redundant during the pandemic. Bosses at Manchester Airport launched a mass recruitment drive after cutting 900 staff and made all workers take a 10% pay cut during the multiple lockdowns. But for angry customers who have spent thousands of pounds on their holidays, this is too little too late. Other airports, like Heathrow, have also been disastrously affected by the post-pandemic demand. A sea of suitcases was seen outside one of its terminals over the weekend as staff struggled with an ‘ongoing issue with the baggage system’. Heathrow said the issue is now resolved, although it is still working with airlines to reunite passengers with their bags. The government has urged travel bosses to give customers sufficient notice instead of axing flights on the day they are due to leave. An Edelweiss Air spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘We Swiss are helpful and always try to be on time. ‘Because our pilot actively helped the ground handling colleagues at Edinburgh Airport, the flight was able to land on time in Zurich. ‘This example is an exception. For a pilot, flight preparations and safety always have priority. This is of course also true in this case.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.