Having lived overseas for nearly 20 years, Mike and Caroline Rich, along with their adult children, returned to the UK in September 2019 with the intention of renting a property for a couple of years while they searched for the perfect home in west London. Little did they know that the ideal house was literally three doors down from their rental property. ‘I work in Chiswick, so wanted to find a home close by,’ says Mike. ‘It just so happened that a house for sale on the same road as our rental fell through. It was in a state of complete disrepair, but we saw its potential and decided to take on the project.’ The 1920s semi-detached house had stood derelict for a number of years. It was tired, had broken windows, an old conservatory to the rear, a poorly designed loft conversion, plus the garage had been misused. However, the location was perfect for Mike and Caroline and, being a corner plot, had plenty of space for a sizeable extension. The couple got in touch with architect Tom Pike at Pike & Partners Architects to ascertain how he envisaged the property could be transformed. ‘We had commissioned Tom to draw up plans for a house renovation in Weybridge nearly four years ago but, due to work, moved to Hong Kong and the project never materialised,’ says Mike. ‘We had good chemistry with him and loved his style of work, so we knew we wanted to work with him again.’ Influenced by their time abroad residing in modern, open-plan, light-filled spaces, Mike and Caroline wanted to introduce some of these design elements into their UK abode. ‘For me, it was all about adding in as much natural light from various different aspects into the property as possible,’ says Caroline. ‘Daylight isn’t great in the UK and we’ve been over-exposed living abroad, but I wanted to be able to see the sky regardless of where I stood in the groundfloor space,’ she says. Tom’s response was to make use of the sizeable wraparound garden on the corner plot by adding two pod extensions on to the side of the property and a full-width extension at the back. The existing ground floor was to be completely opened up, walls removed and steel columns added to take the weight of the new structure and allow the kitchen to take centre stage, with the living and dining areas surrounding it in a U-shape. Any rooms that were self-contained, such as the home cinema and study, were to be separated by Crittall-style twist-and slide doors. These can be opened up fully or shut for privacy depending on their use. Glazing would be paramount to the success of this project, with floor-to-ceiling glazing replacing exterior walls, rooflights fitted where possible, and bespoke glazing used in awkward spaces to allow as much natural light to penetrate the home and continue the theme of openness throughout. Upstairs, walls once again were to be taken down and rearranged to create space for three double-bedrooms on the first floor, all with an en suite. An existing loft extension, which hadn’t been built to Building Regulations, was to be replaced with a full double-height dormer roof extension and house a large double-bedroom and en-suite and a single bedroom. ‘Harvey [Caroline and Mike’s 18-year-old son, currently studying at Bristol University] has the double bedroom in the loft, but the single room has been designed so that, if in the future we decide to make it into our master bedroom, it can be easily converted into a dressing area,’ says Mike. After a few amends to the initial design, planning permission was granted in May 2020, with building work starting soon after. Being a couple of months into the pandemic, Mike and Caroline were cautious about starting a big renovation project. However, because their main contractors were living together they were classified as a household bubble and work on site was able to continue, albeit a bit more slowly and a lot more costly than originally anticipated. ‘Our main contractor was great at managing the social distancing on site to keep the project running smoothly’ says Mike. ‘However, although construction was allowed to continue, it definitely delayed the whole project substantially and there were supply chain issues with cement, glass, steel and aluminium,’ says Mike. ‘Our contractor was constantly informing us of rises in material prices.’ The family moved in to their new home in April 2021, with lighting design and landscaping finally completed in August. The finished look is a wonderful contemporary take on a period property, with the extension referencing the original house by employing a similar palette of materials and design detailing. ‘We tried to recycle as many of the original home’s bricks as possible, and any new ones added were colour-matched for consistency,’ says Caroline. ‘The original windows were made from black steel, so we were keen to keep the black hue for the new glazing, too.’ The interior colour palette has been kept simple, with the home mainly painted in a white shade with a hint of grey, and a few splashes of blue used on the master bedroom walls and in the kitchen. ‘It’s a reaction to living in rental properties for so long where you can’t touch the colour palette. We knew we wanted to add some colour to this home and if we decide we don’t like it, we can always paint over it,’ says Caroline. In contrast to the home’s simple use of colours, the property has been filled with intricate technology. ‘We have underfloor heating throughout the ground floor controlled via an app on our phones,’ says Mike. ‘All the curtains, blinds, as well as the awning, lighting and the home security is all either app or voice controlled which allows us to control everything, even when we aren’t in the house,’ he says. Mike, Caroline and their children love their new home and wouldn’t change a thing. ‘My favourite place is the living area. It’s a lovely sunny spot to sit in and you get a real sense of light and space here,’ says Caroline. The kitchen is the focal point of the ground floor and is very much the main event, with a spectacular concrete island unit taking centre stage. The kitchen has been coated in Little Greene paint called blue basalt. This project involved the total redesign and remodel of a standard semi-detached house in Chiswick, west London. A full-width rear extension, plus two additions to the side of the property has resulted in a spacious free-flowing space, offering dynamic vistas from one area of the house to another. Polished concrete floors have been fitted throughout the ground floor to help unify all the various zones. A poorly designed and built roof extension has been replaced with a full double-height dormer roof extension which now houses a large double-bedroom andensuite and a single bedroom, which can be transformed into a dressing room forthe master if ever required. A feature wall in the master bedroom has been painted in stiffkey blue from Little Greene. Floor-to-ceiling glazing has been installed to allow as much natural light as possible to permeate the home. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Clever ways to keep costs down when renovating your home MORE : Nick Knowles admits he went ‘over the top’ renovating his first home in Chiswick MORE : Everything you need to know about buying a house with shared ownership