A union has slammed ‘utterly deplorable’ parking charges faced by healthcare staff. Malinga Ratwatte, who works as a GP registrar for the NHS, took to Twitter this week to voice his anger at two parking fines he received in the post. He had received the charges after he left just a few minutes late after two different 12-and-a-half hour night shifts for the NHS. Mr Ratwatte wrote: ‘Just got a “welcome back after annual leave” present in the post. 2x £100 parking fines because I left 8 and 9 minutes late respectively after 2x 12.5 hour NHS UK night shifts, staffing the hospital overnight as unwell patients come through the door.’ He said it was ‘absolutely abhorrent’ that NHS staff ‘are being exploited and treated so poorly through predatory car parking fees and fines’. Mr Ratwatte added: ‘This kind of behaviour is just one of the many reasons as to why NHS staff are feeling so disillusioned, combined with poor staffing, under resourcing and long term pay erosion. ‘Forcing staff to cover unfilled rota gaps is causing burnout, stress and mental health problems.’ During the height of the Covid-19 pandemic, parking fees at hospitals had been waived by the government. But they have been gradually reinstated across health boards. Dr Mike Kemp, co-chair of the British Medical Association (BMA) UK junior doctors committee, told Metro.co.uk the decision had been a ‘severe blow’. He said: ‘It is utterly deplorable that NHS staff, who have given so much to protect us during this pandemic – and in the midst of a cost-of-living crisis no less – should be penalised with expensive parking charges as they provide essential care to patients. ‘During the pandemic, free parking for staff working at NHS trusts was well-received by doctors as a small recognition of the lengths they go to care for patients. He added: ‘Instead of forcing the NHS to recoup funding through hospital parking, the Government should reinstate free parking for NHS staff in England, and provide the investment required to deliver fair working conditions for all healthcare workers.’ Doctors Vote, a group which represents the rights of young medical staff, have also joined calls for change following Mr Ratwatte’s fines. They say a newly qualified doctor only earns £14 per hour – approximately 30% less than they did in 2008. It would therefore take that doctor ‘a full day of work’ to pay one of the fines. A Doctors Vote spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘Financially they would be better off having not turned up for the shift. ‘It is common occurrences like this that cause doctors to leave this profession or emigrate to countries in which they will be treated better. ‘This is why Doctors Vote is demanding that the BMA asks the government for full pay restoration this year, and ballots for strike action if they refuse’ ParkingEye, which issued the fines to Mr Ratwatte, have been approached by Metro.co.uk for comment. The Department of Health and Social Care has been also been contacted. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.