Ready for a new month? Don’t worry if your answer is a sheepish ‘not really’ – your tarot horoscope is here to help you prepare for July. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ tarot horoscopes for June 2022. Each star sign has three tarot cards drawn, with a breakdown of what this means for the time ahead. For Cancer, for example, astrology says this month is all about big changes. While for Virgo, it’s time to go all in on a goal. Read on for your star sign’s forecast. March 21 to April 20 Tarot cards for Aries for July: Two of Swords, The Devil, The Magician Meaning: A major lifestyle change for the better. You’re going to pour all of your ideation and imagination into overcoming a bad habit or negative pattern you are tired of enduring. The Devil and Two of Swords see you procrastinating over a lifestyle change that you know would be good for you, but those old habits can be hard to resist. You need a deadline and the Two of Swords says that you can have totally changed this area of your life in two months, with focus and intent. Start today. The Magician brings you a blast of Mercury magic – the cleverness, focus, creativity, and determination to make this change, see it through, enjoy doing it, and take enormous and lasting benefits from it. What are you waiting for? Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot cards for Taurus for July: Four of Swords, Knight of Cups, Ten of Wands Meaning: Time to have some fun. Taurus, you are weary and ready for some fun, sun, joy and laughter. And why not? Your Venus ruler governs pleasure and indulgence, so you need a good dose occasionally! The Ten of Wands is the tarot’s workaholic, and shows up when we’re in danger of burnout. The Four of Swords is like a cosmic sick note, and says you should withdraw from what’s tiring you, and take a break. Seriously. It’ll all still be there, waiting, in August. Step back. The Knight of Cups shows that you need an injection of fun, love, romance, adventure and pleasure. I mean, who doesn’t, right? But the Universe will bring you all of this, if you just clear some space for it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot cards for Gemini for July: Five of Wands, Six of Swords, Two of Cups Meaning: Space is needed. Some arguments and recent tensions have got you re-evaluating your close relationships, and some of them may require a time out, and that’s okay. The Five of Wands signals stress and conflict with others, and the Two of Cups shows that it focuses on those closest to you. Our own stress often ends up being played out on the ones we love. The Six of Swords is a nudge that you need to give them, and yourself, some space (maybe temporary, maybe permanently). It’s hard to reboot a vibe when you’re both still in it, so give yourselves that distance and that chance to change the dynamic. That Two of Cups is a good omen that this time out is only temporary and will serve to reset your feelings and dynamic in the best possible way. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot cards for Cancer for July: The Fool, Justice, The Wheel of Fortune Meaning: Time for change. A trio of major arcana cards makes this a significant and game-changing July – expect big changes! The Fool and The Wheel of Fortune are both cards of new beginnings and transformation. One bold move could spark a chain reaction of advances and developments across your whole life – some expected, and some unexpected, it’s a mixed bag. Start the process and make one bold leap into the unknown this month. These new beginnings will evolve into exciting long-term adventures, and it all starts right here. Justice says that any old injustices or wounds will be resolved and healed this month too, so expect good news about an old issue. Bring that good vibe into your new endeavours, start as you mean to go on, set an example. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot cards for Leo for July: Page of Coins, Ace of Coins, Page of Wands Meaning: School’s in. Education is a major theme for you this July. The Page of Coins and Page of Wands both represent student-y endeavours, which are both inspiring and career-related. You are looking to get ahead, find your niche in the world, and you realise that you need to train, learn, absorb, refine, and study your chosen field. The Ace of Coins hints that this isn’t an overnight thing, it will take time and effort, but that you are on the right course, and this will lead to good places. So, make an extra effort to look for learning opportunities this July, because it will all add up to a new and rewarding promotion or advancement in your chosen field of expertise. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot cards for Virgo for July: King of Cups, Seven of Wands, Seven of Cups Meaning: Pursue a goal. You’ve got some big ideas brewing, as shown by the Seven and King of Cups. It all comes from whatever you’ve been daydreaming and imagining about recently, in that clever mind of yours. It comes from a heartfelt passion. It could be related to love, or to something you wish to create or promote. Virgo, you, of all people, should pursue your goals (because you’re capable of more than you realise, you can go further than you think is possible), but know that there is competition for what you desire. The Seven of Wands reveals you will be tested, and you will need to stand your ground. Find your edge, the unique thing you offer, and make that the focus of your message. You’ve got this. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot cards for Libra for July: The Fool, Seven of Cups, Ace of Wands Meaning: Amazing opportunities. A massively important and positive new beginning awaits you this month, Libra. Two cards of new beginnings, The Fool and the Ace of Wands, grace you, so this is going to be amazing. The key ingredient to this new beginning bonanza is passion and authentic inspiration, this is about chasing your own dream, your own self-imposed goal. You can’t do this for anyone else, you are doing it all for yourself. The Seven of Cups shows that this fresh chapter begins in your imagination. Literally, if you can dream it, you can do it. Make your ideas reality. Bring your fantasies to life. The Universe is giving you the courage, confidence, luck and fortune to make it all happen! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot cards for Scorpio for July: The Hermit, The Lovers, King of Coins Meaning: Take your life seriously. Take yourself and your life seriously, Scorpio, with the task-master Hermit card. Withdraw from others and ponder on your situation, holding yourself and others to account, and being objective and honest about your circumstances. Honesty is the first step towards wisdom. The Lovers shows that you have a heartfelt decision to make. You have felt very conflicted, in two minds, and unsure. You need this period of reflection to untangle the options and pick your course. Don’t make a move until you feel clear and confident about what you want. The King of Coins asks you to be pragmatic and shrewd. Protect your interests, set realistic targets, make a doable plan, and get going. By the end of the month, be on your way forwards. First make up your mind, and then make a great plan. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot cards for Sagittarius for July: Knight of Coins, King of Wands, Knight of Swords Meaning: Busy living. Other people, eh? Can’t live with them, can’t live without them. A trio of character cards shows you’ll have your hands full this month ahead, juggling different people’s priorities, demands and needs. But you’ll secretly enjoy it! The two Knights of Coins and Swords show that friends, colleagues, and partners need some TLC and attention. You don’t realise how much of a rock you are for other people, and you’ve got the strength and wisdom to help them in all sorts of ways. The King of Wands shows that you can also lead the fun, too. You’re always full of life, energy and great ideas. Share them, get others involved, organise outings and events. Spread yourself about this July and make time for those you love and like. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot cards for Capricorn for July: Four of Coins, Queen of Swords, Temperance Meaning: Make some changes Groundhog Day. That’s how life feels right now, and that is not your cup of tea, no sir. The Four of Coins shows you’ve fallen into a rut, or several, and you’re stuck. Time to shake it all up, my friend! The Queen of Swords asks you to truthfully identify situations that have gotten stale and repetitive, and aren’t bringing you benefit any longer, and resolve to change them. This is on you. No one is going to sweep in and make these upgrades or adjustments for you. Temperance is a powerful card about changing your perspective, seeing things in a new light, bringing a different lens to your life. When your mind changes, everything changes, and that is what you’re working on. A new normal, a new centre, a new perspective which will illuminate the (new) way forwards. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot cards for Aquarius for July: The Tower, The Fool, Seven of Cups Meaning: Out with the old. Something emerges this month, with The Tower card, which makes you realise something difficult and stressful is actually over and done with, and it’s time you stopped hoping it would change or be different or investing more energy into it. Because it isn’t going to be. That’s the worst of it, the bitterest pill to swallow. Still here? Good. I have better news! The Fool and the Seven of Cups reveal that a wonderful, positive, and fulfilling new beginning will swiftly, and happily, take the place of this other lost cause. The Universe wants you to move on, and will bring you new news and activity to help you, so the sooner you let go, the sooner you can embark on an amazing new adventure. What are you waiting for? Don’t cling on to the old, welcome the new in, instead! Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot cards for Pisces for July: Knight of Cups, Five of Cups, The High Priestess Meaning: Finally close some unfinished business. An ex-relationship (romantic or friendly) that is no longer in your life is echoing in your mind, because something feels unresolved. The Five and Knight of Cups sees you ruminating about someone you once loved deeply, but lost touch with. There was sadness and grief, and maybe something else. An unanswered question. A piece of unfinished business. A missed opportunity. Whatever it is, you still wonder about it. The High Priestess allows you to dwell here for a spell. Relive the events, look at them objectively, examine your role, be clear about the triggers and root causes of the bond’s demise – in your eyes. Process the emotions that emerge, feel them, and then set them free. This is all over. You are just experiencing an ‘echo’, asking you to finish whatever is left unfinished here yourself, mentally and emotionally. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Which star signs clash the most? These are the ones you should avoid MORE : How to do a love tarot and read your own relationship fortune MORE : What each star sign needs most in a relationship