Every day, there’s a new headline about how various things will be costing us more money. Whether it’s rocketing interest rates, the cost of food, or the rising energy bills that, have not only risen once, but are set to increase again in the autumn. As children and teenagers we’re often taught to plan ahead for the future – but with the current cost of living crisis, it’s becoming a weekly, even daily, struggle to get by. Savings are being dipped into, pay queues are vanishing quicker than ever and it seems like money is just slipping through our fingers every month. It’s a horrible feeling. People are deeply concerned for their financial futures. And with wages not increasing at the same rate as inflation, there’s a feeling of being stuck in a hopeless situation. ‘Money worries can have a hugely negative impact on your emotional wellbeing, and your mental health can affect how well you manage your money – it’s a vicious cycle,’ explains Rowan Harding, a financial planner at Path Financial. So what can you do if you’re feeling incredibly overwhelmed by it all? And what practical things can you do in the short-term to help? Experts have shared some tips for dealing with financial worries – as well as various things you can try today, to feel more in control. Smriti Joshi, the lead psychologist at Wysa, stresses that anxiety and financial worry are both completely valid – and the first step is to acknowledge this. He says: ‘Acknowledge that these are real worries and you’re not alone in experiencing these. ‘Not feeling alone will help with not adopting a victim mindset of “why me?” see them as real problems to be problem solved and not something completely out of your control or catastrophic, even if it feels like that in this moment.’ ‘Sometimes stress can make it hard for us to objectively evaluate our own situation, leading us to believe that there’s no light the end of the dark tunnel,’ explains Smriti. But talking to a loved one, or even a professional, can really help. ‘If you are feeling stressed, anxious or apprehensive about your financial situation, share the mental load with a friend of family member,’ says psychologist Dawn Baxter. ‘Use the time to talk through any feelings that you may be having and then where possible try to create a step-by-step plan to help you become clearer about the situation. ‘In 90% of cases, just getting a plan on a page can really help you feel significantly better.’ It’s always a good idea to be selective about the type of media you consume during periods of high stress or anxiety. Smriti adds: ‘Choose a valid source of information on any news about price rises, inflation, any financial impact from pandemic or wars (or any other catastrophes) and reduce time on social media posts on these issues. ‘People with most well-meaning intentions can sometimes offer not-so-helpful advice or write things that can be triggering.’ Dawn says: ‘With unprecedented situations like this, it’s important to try and view the situation objectively and to recognise the emotions that come up for us. ‘What we can end up doing is falling into a destructive negative spiral which becomes all-consuming, and this isn’t helpful to our emotional state.’ Media headlines, conversations with friends and family, and just observations from day-to-day life all have the ability to send us into this negative headspace – but we can protect ourselves by objectifying the situation. Dawn adds: ‘It’s important with issues like this to take a step back and look at this from a distance to help you give yourself perspective on the situation.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to have the difficult money conversation about a friend’s wedding MORE : These are the best tips for saving money easily this summer MORE : Mum shares tips to save money and occupy kids during summer holidays