Festival-goers – get your bucket hats and suncream at the ready! But maybe pack a brolly as well… The Glastonbury Festival kicks off on June 22 after a three year break due to the pandemic. More than 200,000 people are expected to descend on Worthy Farm for four days of music, arts and partying. The likes of Billie Eilish, Sir Paul McCartney, Lorde and Kendrick Lamar are all set to take to the stage. And forecasters predict that ‘sunny intervals’ will welcome festival-goers on June 22. This week has seen high temperatures – with heat weather warnings issued across parts of England – but the mercury will drop in time for next week’s event. Highs of 21°C  are forecast for the first few days of the festival with bright spells and sunshine forecast by the Met Office. The BBC’s weather service adds that ‘sunny intervals and a light breeze’ are expected in Somerset. However, there is a slim chance that pesky cloud could give way to scattered showers as the festival continues into the weekend. The Met Office’s long-range forecast for June 21 to June 30 reads: ‘Throughout much of this period, most areas could experience dry conditions with occasional bright spells and some sunshine. ‘There is a risk of showers, thundery at times, in the south, where it is more likely to be cloudier than elsewhere, however these areas are still expected to receive some sunny spells.’ ‘Temperatures around normal, perhaps slightly warmer further south and cooler in the north with the chance of some stronger winds here. ‘Towards the end of June the best of the sunshine is expected in the south and east, bringing slightly warmer temperatures with it, while the north and west may see more unsettled spells.’ Festival goers have been urged to allow for plenty time to reach Worthy Farm, with rail strikes likely to cause disruption. Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) workers for National Rail and 13 rail operators are set to walk out on Tuesday, June 21, Thursday, June 23 and Saturday, June 25 – the same weekend Glastonbury falls. People from all over England, Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland and beyond will be trying to make their merry way to the festival’s iconic Pilton location – and you can read travel advice here. And campers who choose to drive to the area are likely to face a lot of traffic, so it’s well worth planning ahead and making sure you know exactly where you need to go. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.