Bernie Ecclestone is standing by the controversial comments he made about being willing to ‘take a bullet’ for Russia’s President Vladimir Putin. The businessman caused outrage following a car crash interview on Good Morning Britain, during which he expressed his support for the leader who invaded Ukraine. Speaking to hosts Kate Garraway and Ben Shepherd, the former F1 star said: ‘I’d still take a bullet for him. I’d rather it didn’t hurt, but if it did I’d still take a bullet for him. The 91-year-old branded him a ‘first-class person’ who is making a ‘mistake.’ Speaking with marmite (love him or hate him) broadcaster Piers Morgan on TalkTV’s Uncensored on Thursday night, Bernie doubled down on his support for Putin, stating that he’s a ‘good guy.’ When grilled by the former Life Stories host for the primetime exclusive interview, the ex-Formula One supremo admitted that he’s ‘not trying to defend him in any shape or form’ but also refused to share when the last time was that he spoke to Putin. ‘I think when all this started it wasn’t what he [Putin] thought would happen, I think he thought it would be a four day threat and big discussions and they would sort it out,’ he said of the invasion. ‘I’m a little disappointed in the actions that have been taken. But, what was the alternative? Either he pulls out or the other people surrender?’. ‘Well, the alternative is you don’t invade sovereign countries illegally and kill everybody. And to say you’re “a little disappointed” by a murderous, genocidal rampage. Again, your use of language Bernie is extraordinary, “a little disappointed” that he’s murdering innocent people every single day all day long?’, Piers hit back. Bernie clarified that he is ‘disappointed in what has happened’ because he ‘would have never believed it would happen under his regime.’ When Piers continued to press him on his stance, Bernie said that what has happened it ‘quite terrible’ but he still believes Putin is ‘not the person he’s being portrayed.’ When grilled specifically on his use of the ‘take a bullet’ phrase, Bernie explained that it was an ‘expression.’ ‘I’ll take a bullet for somebody and stand behind him for what it was. I generally don’t know what he had in mind. I hope he also didn’t even mind what’s actually happened. And I’ll be surprised if he did,’ he said. The business mogul continued to rip into Ukraine’s President Zelensky after previously sating that he ‘wants to continue that profession as a comedian.’ Bernie accused the President of ‘looking for a bit of publicity’ with media appearances and connecting with other politicians, saying: ‘Nobody had ever heard of him before and now he’s spoken to President the United States and everybody.’ Towards the end of the interview, referring to Putin, he added that he’s ‘not sorry for supporting him.’ ‘I’m saying the dealings I’ve had with him and he’s a first class person.’ Putin launched attacks on Ukraine on February 20 and millions of civilians have fled their homes in search of safety. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Russian state TV claims ‘chubby Boris Johnson is jealous of Putin’s good shape’ MORE : Putin ‘still wants to capture most of Ukraine’, US warns 