Frenkie de Jong says he is ‘flattered’ by Manchester United’s rumoured interest but insists he has no update on a potential transfer and remains happy at Barcelona. The 25-year-old is Erik ten Hag’s top target to bolster the Red Devils’ midfield, though the Catalan giants are believed to be holding out for as much as £70million – roughly the same fee they paid to Ajax three years ago. De Jong himself was believed to harbour reservations about moving to Old Trafford, particularly with no Champions League football on offer. But now the Netherlands international appears to have opened the door to a potential move to the Premier League, welcoming United’s interest even though he is happy to remain at Barca. Speaking after an excellent display in his nation’s dramatic win over Wales on Tuesday night in Rotterdam, De Jong said of United’s approach: ‘You’re always flattered when teams show interest in you as a player. ‘But, as you say, I am at the biggest club in the world at the moment and I feel fine there, so no news.’ De Jong is largely remaining coy on the speculation surrounding his future and burst out laughing on Sunday when asked if he would be swapping the beaches of Catalunya for the cold of Manchester, saying: ‘No, I can’t say anything.’ A week earlier, he had underlined his desire to stay at Camp Nou, telling ESPN: ‘Barcelona is just my dream club, even from a young age. ‘I’ve never regretted my choice despite the fact that I had hoped for more in terms of prizes than I’ve achieved so far. But I have never regretted my choice.’ That stance may be softening, though, given his latest comments about United’s interest and his former Ajax boss Ten Hag is believed to have launched a charm offensive to try and convince De Jong to join him at Old Trafford. The Dutch coach has prioritised the signing of a creative, possession-dictating midfielder to help install his playing style, while he also wants a more defensive, ball-winning midfielder too. MORE : Man Utd offer contract to Christian Eriksen after identifying him as Frenkie de Jong alternative MORE : Manchester United hold talks with alternative midfielders in case Frenkie de Jong deal collapses For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 