Emily Miller has revealed she has had an ectopic pregnancy just weeks after she found out she was pregnant with her first child. The Too Hot To Handle star, 27, had found out she and her boyfriend Cam Holmes, 26, who also appeared on the show were expecting shortly before she collapsed while out shopping. Sharing a series of photos and videos of herself in hospital, Emily told her followers: ‘So a few weeks ago I discovered I was pregnant. Although it was a shock it was something I was also quite excited about.‘However on Tuesday I collapsed whilst being at the shops. I cannot even describe to you the pain – it felt like my whole stomach was collapsing and was quickly rushed to hospital.’ Emily waited in A&E until 3pm the following day when she was given a scan and noticed the two nurses in the room were completely silence before fetching someone else for a second opinion. It was then discovered that she had had an ectopic pregnancy, meaning the fertilised egg had implanted itself outside of the womb, usually in the fallopian tube, which means it is not possible to save the pregnancy and can lead to serious complications. She continued: ‘If I had left it much longer my Fallopian tube would of burst. It’s one of those things you just think will never happen to you. I was just so scared. ‘Not only was I about to lose my baby but I was about to have my Fallopian tube removed with the potential of my ovary too. All I wanted to do was speak to my mum  and I’m pretty sure I scared all the poor women in that waiting room with my crying.’ Emily revealed: ‘At 10pm Wednesday I was taken into surgery and I don’t know who was crying more me or Cam but was extremely emotional to say the least. ‘I had asked Cam to get me a list of food and drink for when I return but I had panic attack when I woke up. I was dosed up with morphine because I was in so much pain that I then felt sick and had to go straight to sleep. ‘After a few more blood tests and a bit of breakfast, I was discharged yesterday afternoon. Physically I’m still in a lot of pain and bed bound after the surgery but mentally it’s been even harder. ‘Thinking back, I definitely ignored the signs my body was trying to tell me early on about my ectopic pregnancy. I can only urge girls to get an early pregnancy scan just to be on the safe side to rule out any kind of potential problems.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Deborah James enjoys sunshine as she tries to find ‘diamond moments in the rough’ amid terminal bowel cancer MORE : Love Island’s Liam Llewellyn leaves cast in tears as he confirms shock exit: ‘I haven’t been feeling myself’ 