WWE legend ‘Superstar’ Billy Graham has revealed he is having ‘a few toes’ partially amputated as he gave fans an update on his health. The 79-year-old Hall of Famer opened up on some health issues over the weekend and announced he needs surgery to amputate his toes after contracted ‘some infections’. He wrote on Facebook: ‘I have some infections in a few toes and my Mayo Clinic surgeon must do some partial amputations. This is going to take some time to recover from so I will be offline for a while.’ He urged fans to submit their pictures or messages to be shared on his profile, but noted he won’t he responding himself while he recovers. He added: ‘If you good folks out there have any photos or thoughts you would like to put up in the meantime my FB is open for business. I just won’t be responding for the next 2 or 3 weeks, I have to heal up in between surgeries and it takes full concentration. ‘Catch up with you all a little further down the line. Superstar Billy Graham.’ Fans sent messages of support, with one person replying: ‘Prayers sent for a safe recovery as well as your surgeon and recovery team.’ Another added: ‘Good luck champ heal quickly’. In September last year, the former WWWF Champion was hospitalised with atrial fibrillation plus heart failure with fluid in his lungs. Graham – whose colourful wrestling persona inspired the likes of Ric Flair and Hulk Hogan – later gave an update and claimed his past steroid use wasn’t to blame for the issues. He said: ‘In closing for now, I would like to say that I know there has been much talk that my past heavy and prolonged steroid use has caused my current heart damage. It is only natural to think this. ‘BUT…………..two years ago when I was first diagnosed with this Congestive Heart Disease and Atrial Fibrillation by the Mayo Clinic doctors, they told me that my past use of steroids had nothing to do with my heart problems. ‘Then, while I was just in for this very serious heart episode, I asked the two doctors treating me the same question. They said, ” Absolutely Not ” as what I have, millions of other people in the U.S. have as well. Peace, to one and all. (sic)’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE star Butch compares new role to Daniel Bryan and William Regal’s career-changing comedy turns MORE : Paige confirms first post-WWE appearance at huge homecoming show after announcing shock departure 