The Queen has thanked everyone who came out to celebrate her Platinum Jubilee as the four-day weekend draws to a close. Her Majesty said she felt ‘humbled’ by the millions of people who marked the historic moment with gatherings in her honour. She said her heart was with every person across the nation, even if she missed most events due to her mobility problems. The Head of State, who is renowned for her sense of humour, also joked that ‘there is no guidebook’ when it comes to reigning for seven decades after becoming the first British monarch to do so. Her heartfelt statement read: ‘When it comes to how to mark seventy years as your Queen, there is no guidebook to follow. It really is a first. ‘But I have been humbled and deeply touched that so many people have taken to the streets to celebrate my Platinum Jubilee. ‘While I may not have attended every event in person, my heart has been with you all; and I remain committed to serving you to the best of my ability supported by my family. ‘I have been inspired by the kindness, joy and kinship that has been so evident in recent days, and I hope this renewed sense of togetherness will be felt for many years to come. ‘I thank you most sincerely for your good wishes and for the part you have all played in these happy celebrations. Elizabeth R.’ The Queen has faced a number of health issues over the last year and was seen in public for just over 27 minutes throughout the weekend. But she still made an effort to greet crowds from the Buckingham Palace balcony this afternoon. In an appearance that lasted three minutes, she smiled and waved alongside her three heirs, Prince Charles, Prince William and Prince George. The Duchess of Cambridge, Princess Charlotte, Prince Louis and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall also stood alongside her. MORE : Ed Sheeran closes Platinum Jubilee celebrations with emotional ballad over moving Queen and Prince Philip montage Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.