Boris Johnson has made his second surprise visit to Kyiv since Russia invaded Ukraine. The prime minister met with Volodymyr Zelensky in the capital today to offer a new military training programme. Britain could train up to 120,000 troops every 120 days under the new proposals. Posting on Twitter, Mr Johnson wrote: ‘Mr President, Volodymyr. It is good to be in Kyiv again.’ Both leaders gave speeches from Kyiv this afternoon and spoke of the ‘deliberate targeting of civilians’ by Russia. Mr Johnson said: ‘We continue to see the deliberate targeting of civilians in what is unquestionably a war crime and, in a hideous echo of the past, the illegal deportation of people the Russian forces believe to be insufficiently sympathetic to Putin’s aggression. ‘I completely understand why you and your people can make no compromise with Putin. ‘We are with you to give you the strategic endurance you will need,’ he added. The prime minister had been expected to appear at a Tory conference in Doncaster today, but cancelled to make the trip to Kyiv instead. A message on President Zelensky’s Telegram account earlier this afternoon read: ‘Many days of this war have proved that Great Britain’s support for Ukraine is firm and resolute. ‘Glad to see our country’s great friend Boris Johnson in Kyiv again.’ A video alongside the message showed Mr Johnson arriving to meet his Ukrainian counterpart. The prime minister could be seen arriving in a silver car before walking down a red carpet to shake hands with Mr Zelensky. The pair then move inside and are filmed speaking at a meeting table. Mr Johnson has also viewed destroyed tanks and damaged armoured vehicles which are currently on display at Saint Michael’s Square in Kyiv. The spectacle comes as the city returns to slight normality, as businesses re-open and curfew hours are reduced. The two leaders were accompanied by Ukrainian officials – some in combat fatigues – although there was no sign of members of the public. In a statement, Mr Johnson said: ‘My visit today, in the depths of this war, is to send a clear and simple message to the Ukrainian people: the UK is with you and we will be with you until you ultimately prevail.’ He has offered Mr Zelensky a major new military training programme that he claims ‘could change the equation of this war.’ The costs of the new operation are uncertain, with Downing Street noting that the training programme was just an offer for now. If accepted by Mr Zelensky, there would then be discussions on the scale of the operation, which is expected to take place outside Ukraine. Giving a televised statement alongside the president, Mr Johnson said it was ‘great’ to be back in Kyiv which he said was ‘much livelier’ than during his first war-time visit in April. ‘But we’ve got to face the fact that only a couple of hours away a barbaric assault continues on entirely innocent people, towns and villages are being reduced to rubble,’ he added. ‘We continue to see the deliberate targeting of civilians, what is unquestionably a war crime, and in a hideous echo of the past the illegal deportation of people that the Russian forces believe are insufficiently sympathetic to Putin’s aggression.’ Today’s surprise meeting comes as Vladimir Putin shows no signs of halting the war in Ukraine. Speaking at an economic conference in St Petersburg, the Kremlin leader said this afternoon: ‘Russia is entering the era that is beginning as a powerful, sovereign nation.’ He added: ‘We will definitely use the colossal opportunities provided by current times and will be even stronger.’ Putin also used his speech to urge Russian businesses to keep operating in his country. Mr Johnson previously held talks in the Ukrainian capital in April. He became the first foreign leader to travel to the country since the war in Ukraine broke  out. Mr Zelensky said the leadership shown by the UK would ‘go down in history’ following the meeting. Downing Street had then vowed the UK would send 120 armoured vehicles and anti-ship missile systems to support Ukraine. The April visit was also branded a ‘show of solidarity’ between Brits and Ukrainian people. Mr Johnson had told Mr Zelensky: ‘the Ukrainian people are a lion, and you are its roar’. Other world leaders such as French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Olaf Scholz have recently visited Ukraine. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.