Steph McGovern has teased a possible feature in this year’s Strictly Come Dancing line-up. In 2020, the 40-year-old presenter revealed that she’s been asked ‘a couple of times’ to feature on the flagship programme, but couldn’t due to the launch of her Channel 4 daytime programme Steph’s Packed Lunch. However, after being hailed as the ‘perfect’ candidate, producers are hoping that this will be Steph’s year to shine on the dancefloor. ‘Steph has the personality and profile which makes her a perfect choice in the eyes of Strictly producers,’ an insider said. ‘They completely understood why she’s had to say no in the past. She was just establishing Packed Lunch on Channel 4 and wanted to give that her complete attention,’ a source added to The Sun. Addressing the rumours during Monday’s edition of her titular show, Steph played it cool when asked whether she was appearing on this year’s show. ‘I’ve turned it down in the past, never say never,’ she said. However, show guest and fellow Strictly judge Anton Du Beke expressed that he wouldn’t be best pleased if she did decide to join. ‘If you did Strictly Come Dancing now, after me asking you to dance it with me for about 12 years and you saying no, now that you’d dance it with one of the young, firm boys… I’d be your worst judge ever,’ he quipped. ‘You see, the thing is, that’s what holding me back. I would worry you’d be too compromised because you’d want to give me 10 all the time,’ Steph joked. ‘It is funny these rumours in the paper, you do wonder where they come from. Although I’ve been trying to get it out of Anton who’s going to be on it this year and he’s like “No, I’m not telling you!’” Last year, former Strictly finalist John Whaite backed his co-star to appear on the annual show during an Instagram live. ‘You know I said to Steph, my friend and colleague that she should do it because she’d be great, but I don’t know if she will, I hope she will,’ he told his followers. ‘I’m sure they’d want her, Steph’s got some moves, let me tell you.’ TV chef Gino D’Acampo is another celebrity rumoured to join this year’s line-up, as show bosses believe he’s ‘up for a laugh and more than capable of keeping audiences entertained’. While Emmerdale star Adam Thomas is also tipped for a spot on the Strictly ballroom. The 2022 season of the BBC competition will see a couple of familiar faces missing from the line-up, after professional dancers Aljaž Škorjanec and Oti Mabuse announced that they had quit the programme. In March, BBC confirmed that show regulars Dianne Buswell, Nadiya Bychkova, Graziano Di Prima, Amy Dowden, Karen Hauer, Katya Jones, Neil Jones, Nikita Kuzmin, Gorka Marquez, Giovanni Pernice, Johannes Radebe, Kai Widdrington, Luba Mushtuk, and Nancy Xu will be coming back. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Steph McGovern’s reps and BBC for comment. Strictly Come Dancing returns later this year on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Claudia Winkleman ‘sorry’ for Strictly affair comment after angering ex-pro Kristina Rihanoff MORE : Shocking moment Strictly Come Dancing star Janette Manrara accidentally boots dog in the face on Morning Live 