Love Island fans saw Liam Llewellyn walk away from the villa on Friday night, and it didn’t take long for him to be told exactly Gemma Owen’s very famous dad is. Liam quit the hit series after just five days, telling his fellow islanders that he ‘wasn’t 100% feeling it’ and delivered an emotional speech at the fire pit. after initially being paired up with Michael Owen’s daughter, Gemma, he was left single following the arrival of Davide Sanclimenti. But he’s now back in the UK and gave his first interview since leaving the villa on Love Island: Aftersun to host Laura Whitmore. Fans were treated to a quick look at his immediate aftermath upon exiting the love pad, where he shared how surprised he was to find out Gemma’s dad is Michael Owen. After the pair already chatted about football early on into the process, he told Aftersun: ‘I can’t believe who that actually was. That’s mad. ‘I’m a United fan. I actually have one of his tops when he came to the club. He went on to add: ‘That first night, we were chatting about football and her family. I was so close. I can’t believe I didn’t quite work it out.’ Liam returned to his hometown of Newport yesterday and joined the spin-off programme via video link on Sunday night. He shared just how touched he was by all the kind messages and support he’d already received from viewers. The Welshman told Laura: ‘Yeah, it’s crazy. I didn’t expect the support. It’s been crazy. ‘It’s a big eye-opener for me how many people had my back.’ Earlier today, Liam confirmed his return on his Instagram stories, writing: ‘‘Yes people, it’s Liam! ‘I appreciate you all like you wouldn’t believe #loveislandbaby.’ It’s been claimed that Liam’s dad David got on a plane to be with his son after Liam became ‘really upset’ upon his departure, which came shortly before another bombshell – Gemma’s ex-boyfriend – was revealed. ‘Liam’s confidence was totally knocked when he lost Gemma so when he then also didn’t manage to catch Ekin-Su or Afia’s eye he started to totally overthink everything he did,’ a source said. They continued to The Sun: ‘He just began to worry about everything and then felt guilty that he wasn’t enjoying the whole experience like he felt he was meant to, so called it quits. ‘At this point Liam feels really upset. His dad David flew straight out to Majorca to be with him.’ Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Liam Llewellyn speaks out following shocking show departure: ‘I am absolutely blown away’ MORE : Indiyah Polack fans celebrate after Love Island star shines in Unseen Bits: ‘She owned the whole hour!’ 