Former X Factor contestant Tom Mann has held a memorial for his late fiancée Dani Hampson after she tragically died on what was supposed to be their wedding day. Hampson died on Saturday June 18, at the age of 34, leaving behind the eight-month-old son she shares with Tom, called Bowie. Tom, 28, is best known for his appearance on the ITV singing competition in 2014, where he starred as one of eight members of boy band Stereo Kicks. On Monday, Tom announced his wife-to-be died on what was supposed to be their most special day, taking to social media to share: ‘I can’t believe I am writing these words but my darling Dani – my best friend, my everything and more, the love of my life – passed away in the early hours of Saturday morning, 18th June.’ Pouring his heart out in the Instagram caption for a picture of his partner and their baby, he continued: ‘On what was supposed to be the happiest day of our lives ended in irreversible heartbreak. I feel like I have cried an ocean. ‘We never made it to the alter; or got to say our vows, or dance our first dance, but I know you know that you were my entire world and the best thing that has ever happened to me, Danielle.’ Tom held a memorial for Dani on Sunday, resharing a post to his Instagram story which read ‘Today was for our Dani,’ along with a white heart emoji and a praying emoji. He also shared a photo of the pair kissing, penning: ‘There are honestly no words to describe just how much I miss you Dan. Forever and always.’ In his Instagram post announcing her death, while they never married, Tom assured Dani that he ‘will wear this ring that I was always supposed to wear as a sign of my unconditional love to you.’ He confessed to being ‘completely broken’ as he tries to process the tragedy, admitting he ‘honestly doesn’t know where to go from here.’ But, he wants to ‘use any strength I can muster for our little boy,’ despite feeling he will ‘not be a mark’ on the parent that Dani was. ‘I promise I will do my everything to raise Bowie just the way we always wanted. I promise you he will know how amazing his mummy was. I promise to make you so so proud,’ he continued. ‘The most beautiful person inside and out. The most incredible soul. We have lost such a special person and I am sure we are about to see an abundant outpouring of love that reflects that. I will try to find peace in your messages and comments, but right now I am grieving and I will be for a very, very long time.’ He signed off by calling his ‘darling’ fiancée ‘the brightest light in any room’, saying his world is ‘nothing but darkness’ without her. ‘I will miss you forever,’ Tom concluded. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Simon Cowell pays tribute after X Factor star Tom Mann’s fiancée dies on their wedding day: ‘I cannot imagine the heartbreak’ MORE : Dani Hampson’s heartbroken family share devastated tributes as she dies on day she was to marry X Factor star Tom Mann 