A man tried to pin a burglary on his identical twin brother after beingcaught sneaking into a home by a Ring doorbell. Adam Reynolds, 34, was captured on camera entering a house via an unlocked porch in Stoke-on-Trent, in the middle of the night. When police caught up with Reynolds and confronted him with the evidence he told officers it was not him but his identical twin brother Corrie. But the plan failed and Reynolds, who has 62 convictions for 148 offences including two previous burglaries, went on to plead guilty to burglary. Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court heard Reynolds, of no fixed address, creptinside the porch at 4.30am on October 10 after being released on licence. Antonie Muller, prosecuting said: ‘Overnight on October 7 to 8 somebodyhad gone in and moved items. ‘The owner noticed and purchased a Ring doorbell which alerts her to movement. ‘On the morning of October 10 she saw a number of these alerts. ‘Looking at the footage it showed that at 4.30am the defendant enteringthe porch and trying to remove the Ring doorbell from its housing.’ Mr Muller said after noticing her children’s hobby horses had been moved to lean against the window she alerted the police. The court heard the officer recognised Reynolds, who was arrested. Mr Muller added: ‘He denied it. He claimed the footage was his identicalbrother and he had done nothing wrong.’ Mitigating, Richard McConaghy said: ‘Access was gained by the porchand no attempt was made to force the door. Identification was madewith the doorbell. ‘The items taken were not of any significant value. When asked to explain his behaviour he said it was for financial gain. ‘He was in the grips of a drug addiction at the time. He was plainly suffering fromhis mental health. ‘He has spent 249 days remanded in custody. ‘This is a man who does require support He wants to make clear that he’s apologetic for what he has done.’ Reynolds was sentenced to 14 months behind bars. Sending him to jail, Recorder Matthew Boyle said: ‘You have an appalling record. Your Class A drug use had led you to develop psychotic episodes. ‘You were behaving abnormally. ‘You have committed three dwelling house burglaries. ‘The porch was unlocked but you didn’t get any further and the items you took were of minimal value. The offence is aggravated by your previous convictions.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.