Brits are facing a week of thunderstorms and rain after a mostly sunny four days of celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Although the royal pageant at Buckingham Palace was spared the downpour, the Red Arrows’ display was cancelled due to poor weather, leaving many disappointed. The unsettled weather continued into the night and the Met Office issued a yellow warning for rain in eastern parts of England until 4am. People were told to expect possible flooding, travel disruption and even power cuts. It is a dull and murky start to Monday in London, with patchy outbreaks of light rain and drizzle. This has only worsened the day for those in the capital having to deal with travel chaos amid the 24-hour Tube strikes. The government’s flood-checking service has also listed an alert for Bourne Brook, a tributary of the River Tame in Staffordshire. Six other flood warnings were removed in the last 24 hours. Steven Keates, from the Met Office, said a ‘heavy band of rain’ will hit parts of southern England today. This is set to move north during the day, while remaining mostly dry in Northern Ireland and Scotland. A ‘wishy-washy’ pattern will emerge from tomorrow, with a mixture of sunshine and showers, which could be heavy in parts. ‘Over the next few days the weather will be unsettled, changeable and perhaps unremarkable for the most part, a bit disappointing for the second week of June,’ the forecaster said. ‘Showers should hit parts of England to start the week, with the worst on Wednesday, before a more dramatic end to the week as heavy gales move in. ‘From the middle of the week a new low pressure front will begin pushing from the south-west, bringing a mixture of rain and thunderstorms in Northern Ireland and northern England. ‘Wednesday will be the wettest day of the week, but areas in Scotland and parts of southern England should remain dry. ‘However, Scotland’s week of charming weather will begin to fizz out, as the vigorous low pressure front moves north from Thursday, with heavy gales expected in western areas.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.