Dame Deborah James revealed she’d enjoyed a glam day out to watch La Boheme, putting ‘two fingers up’ to her terminal bowel cancer. The You, Me and The Big C podcast host, 40, is currently having end of life care after battling the disease for over five years. She took to Instagram to share a series of glammed up photos of her at the opera over the weekend, adding snaps of the same event five years earlier, just months after she had been diagnosed with cancer. Dame Deborah told her followers: ‘Another day, brings another excuse to spend half of it exhausting myself getting dressed up to go to one of my favourite places!!!! @glyndebourne to watch #laboheme – But totally worth it. ‘Thank you @glyndebourne for being so lovely and welcoming tonight – doing all this in a wheelchair is certainly a new challenge to learn!’ She added: ‘I can’t believe I was last here 5 years ago this week – scared, newly diagnosed, just trying to do the same as I’m doing now – taking things one day at a time!! ‘Anyone that’s followed me for years knows that the British season is my favourite time of the year hence why all my @inthestyle dresses are named after events!! So I figured My aim is just try to fit in a few whilst I’m still kicking around and am able to!’ Despite the stunning photos of her and husband Set dressed to the nines for the event, Dame Deborah admitted it is getting more difficult for her to get out and do the things she enjoys. She explained: ‘But be under no illusion! I’m knackered! I’ve worked out it takes me longer to get ready and organised to go than the time I actually last anywhere!! ‘Getting dressed is tiring, getting meds organised is tiring, the extra moving, the travel, the wondering what mood your stomach is in – its all real! ‘But then the feeling of making it to something you didn’t think possible, having put make up on, donning new shoes (that finally arrived in the right size for massively swollen feet!), with the sunshine smiling – well then it’s all worth it! It’s a kind of cheeky “still living whilst dying” two fingers up to it all!! ‘Have a good weekend all xxxxx #stillrocking #aintdeadyet #onedayatatime.’ Dame Deborah is currently undergoing hospice care at home, having chosen to spend her last days at her parents home so as not to die in the house she shares with her young children. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Deborah James enjoys sunshine as she tries to find ‘diamond moments in the rough’ amid terminal bowel cancer MORE : Dame Deborah James ‘surprised’ she’s still alive after being moved into end of life hospice care 