Margot Robbie was spotted in tears on the set of Greta Gerwig’s live-action film Barbie, where she stars alongside Ryan Gosling as Ken. The upcoming film – a live-action revolving around the famous doll, her illustrious career and her love life – is one of the most eagerly anticipated films this year. The 31-year-old was seen dressed in her 70s style iconic hot pink outfit with flare trousers patterned with stars printed all over, a matching pink scarf and white boots. On set, the Harley Quinn actress was filming a scene where she sat on some steps looking very distraught and crying. In another pic she was seen standing with her golden locks behind her and her hands on her hips, looking just like Barbie. Previous snaps of Ryan as Ken show him looking the perfect part too, in his outfit dressed almost entirely in black: trousers, belt, and cowboy jacket, adorned with a white fringe and flower pattern, a pink scarf to match Barbie’s, and a white cowboy hat. In April we got our first glimpse of Margot Robbie as the titular Barbie, with bleach-blonde hair, joyful smile and all-pink Barbie car. The film also boasts a massively star-studded cast, including upcoming Doctor Who star Ncuti Gatwa, Saturday Night Live’s Kate McKinnon, Marvel superhero Simu Liu, and comedy legend Will Ferrell. Earlier this month, we also got a peak at Ryan posing by Barbie’s all-pink Dream House, his hair dyed a silver-blonde colour and styled in a floppy way that is very Ken. The actor was dressed in denim jeans and and an open denim waistcoat to show off his washboard, proper Ken-doll abs, with the top of his underwear poking out and bearing his name. He was glancing away from the camera, leaning up against a bright pink pillar, his hands in his pockets and flashing a smile. The reveal made fans more excited than ever for the new flick, with Ryan expertly encompassing the iconic figure – and we can’t wait to see his interactions with Barbie. As exciting as it all is, fans will still have to wait just a bit longer to see Ken and Barbie in action, with a release date set for July 21, 2023. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ryan Gosling and Margot Robbie rock matching cowboy hats as they’re spotted filming new Barbie movie MORE : Ryan Gosling is still the juicy thirst trap we need as Barbie’s Ken 