Do you really pamper your cat if you don’t subscribe it for monthly treats? We imagine your pet would say no. If you’re a cat owner who’s keen to spoil their furry pal, you’ll love MyMeow; a subscription service delivering treats and toys right to your door (or their catflap). The products in each monthly box are tailored to your cat’s likes and dislikes. The treats you receive are all natural and tested by real cats – the only ones whose verdict actually matters. You’ll get 11 products in each delivery, with new themes every month. Past boxes have included everything from toyboxes to laser pointers. There are a few reasons to choose a MyMeow subscription over your usual trips to the pet store. It’s easier than cheaper than faffing around on the high street, providing regular and varied stimulation. Particularly if you have a house cat, it’s important to ensure their minds and bodies are kept active – getting them new toys helps to do that. That should help stop behaviours like scratching, which usually come about because a kitty is bored or looking for attention. Plus, all MyMeow boxes come with a scratch pad and special cat hammock, so they can make their biscuits without damaging your furniture. Cat parents will know how fussy they can be. If your cat doesn’t like a product you receive in your box, MyMeow will replace it with one that they do. If that wasn’t enough to convince you, the company give money to animal charities with every purchase. A MyMeow subscription costs £22.90 per month and can be cancelled at any time. For a limited time, new customers can also get two boxes instead of one when they sign up. Simply submit your details as usual, and the offer should automatically apply to your basket. Sign up and view more details on the MyMeow website now. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to stop your puppy from nipping MORE : This trending matte liquid lipstick turns to glitter when you rub it