Happy Friday, folks! Hope you’ve had an amazing week as you power through towards the weekend. Time to go where you haven’t dared, Taurus. And get prepared for a surprise visitor, Aquarius. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for June 24, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 You’re in a phase when listening to your feelings can tell you much about how you’re getting on in life. Will you pay attention? With so much emphasis on looking outward and going after exciting opportunities, you might not. You know what you want and with tact and savvy, you might get it. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Feel an urge to step into the version of yourself that loves challenges and boldly goes where you have never dared go before? Today you might surprise yourself by acting on an idea that you’ve been considering for some time. You’ll know it’s the right thing to do. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Need to still your racing mind? Taking time out for some quiet time could help. Even better, getting out for a nature walk can put everything in perspective, and this in itself may leave you calmer. Think big regarding your social life. Expanding your circle of friends is key. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 You’re getting into your stride now and your sense of purpose is also kicking into gear. Self-expression is important. This is not so much a time to assist others as to focus on you and make sure the conditions are right for you to flourish. It’s time to give back to yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Something you say, text or transmit to the world, could have a bigger impact than you imagined. You might show your true feelings about an issue and others can find this exciting. There are opportunities out there and connecting with the right group of people might bring them closer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Need to decide something? The best route might be to follow your heart, as anything else could leave you dissatisfied. You have a chance to make a great impression now. And other factors reveal that with the right approach and an image reboot, you can accomplish more. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 A lively influence can be the beginning of a renewed sense of purpose, even if you’ve struggled to make headway for some while. A clever idea could arrive just when you need it. Eager to make a purchase? A unique item that looks to be a real conversation starter might be hard to resist. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 It looks like you have the attractor-factor, and in more ways than one. You ooze charisma. People want to be around you and to interact with you. Just be careful about who you do business with, though. Listen to any intuitive nudges, as they could warn you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Spread joy and let your natural warmth radiate out to others. The coming weeks can find others showing their admiration in so many ways, all of which might leave you feeling very supported. If you have doubted yourself, a few compliments could soon leave you in a happier place. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You might not feel like shouldering responsibilities of the day. Yet with opportunities all around you, it would be unwise to down tools. Something good could come out of the blue and you’ll be annoyed if you miss it. It might be a chance to take a project or relationship to the next level. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You might get an unexpected visitor just when you had banked on a quiet day and yet their arrival could benefit you more than you think. They might have something you need – information, an offer or something else useful. Whatever your need, lateral thinking can accomplish it. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 It could be helpful to ask yourself where your natural talents lie and what is your purpose in life. If you reflect on this, you’ll find they are likely related. If you feel an urge to start something that makes use of them, you might find yourself at the beginning of an exciting road. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for June 19 to 25 and the start of Cancer season MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you