Love Island star Liam Llewellyn has quit the ITV series and has already left the villa, becoming the first contestant to leave this season, it has been reported. Just the other night, the 2022 islander was set up on dates with the two new bombshells, Afia Tonkmor and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu after being voted for by the public. However, it’s been claimed that he’s now called it quits and headed home ahead of the next recoupling ceremony. It’s said that in tonight’s episode, the masters student will call his fellow contestants to join him at the firepit for an announcement. He’ll then reveal the decision that he’s made… and was have a feeling there are going to be plenty of shocked faces in the house. An insider told The Sun: ‘The reasons behind it are unknown so viewers will be glued to their screens tonight to find out.’ ITV declined to comment when contacted by Metro.co.uk. At the start of the series, Liam was coupled up with international dressage rider Gemma Owen, who unbeknownst to him is Michael Owen’s daughter. Liam couldn’t have been happier with the set-up… but unfortunately for him, Gemma didn’t appear to feel the same way, with her head turning the minute business owner Davide Sanclimenti made his entrance. However, all was not lost, as after hearing the news that bombshells Afia and Ekin-Su were entering the fray, fans voted for him to go on dates with both of them. He appeared to hit it off with the new girls, but then Ekin-Su made a beeline for Davide in the villa. Just yesterday, the people looking after Liam’s account shared photos of him smiling in the sun, alongside the caption: ‘Carnage on the cards tonight. What do we all think?!’ The 22-year-old is from Newport in South Wales and is studying for his masters in strength and conditioning. Before the show began, he said that he thought he was at a good age to meet someone. ‘You’ve got your years ahead of you so you have time to experience stuff and grow together,’ he said. ‘I think Love Island is a great opportunity to meet someone, you’re in with a load of different types, so you can get to grips with what you really like about people.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Liam’s representatives for comment. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Luca Bish not convinced Gemma Owen’s dad, a professional footballer, will ‘know what he’s talking about’ when it comes to the sport MORE : Watch Love Island’s Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu show off acting talents in Turkish soap opera after confirming she played a serial killer 