Fashion fans can rejoice because Marks and Spencer have once again teamed up with This Morning host Holly Willoughby The new summer edit follows on from the success of Holly’s previous curations with the high-street brand – which were all a huge hit with shoppers, us included. Known for her sense of style when she presents and hosts various programmes on our telly screens, Holly is lending her fashion expertise to us all with this new collection. With 10 dreamy pieces featured in her summer edit, you can expect statement florals, shirred bodices, pretty trims and embroidered accents – all perfect for the summer months, home or away. An array of different garments including dresses, jeans, blouses and accessories means you can style up this capsule collection as you wish – which means endless possibilities. Taking you seamlessly from day to night, this collection oozes femininity thanks to the sleek silhouettes and contemporary shapes. Speaking about the new edit, ITV sweetheart Holly said: ‘I’m so excited about the launch of this collection – it’s such a great capsule Summer wardrobe. With pieces you can easily mix and match as well as stylish dresses in gorgeous floral patterns and colour popping shades, I love it! ‘There really is something for every summer occasion!’ Buy for £39.50 In a gorgeous pastel lime green hue with a delicate floral pattern, this maxi style dress features a shirred bodice which provides the ultimate comfort for balmy summer days. We’re predicting this’ll be the new ‘it dress’ for summer – keep an eye out. Buy for £49.50 A simple yet chic sandal that will see you through the summer months and into autumn, this heeled clog-style sandal looks stunning paired with any of the pieces from Holly’s new collection. Buy for £49.50 The perfect pop of pink, this bright fuchsia statement dress can be dressed up or down depending on what you’re getting up to. Great teamed with a straw bag and hat for the beach, or with a crossbody bag and sandals for exploring a new city. Buy for £39.50 Buy for £29.50 Buy for £39.50 Buy for £25 Buy for £35 Buy for £39.50 Buy for £29.50 Holly’s Summer Edit launches online and in 70 selected stores on Thursday June 9 2022. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. MORE : In need of a dehumidifier? These are the best ones to buy now MORE : Meet the ‘rainbow families’ celebrating their new normal MORE : How to nail on-trend festival fashion while being a sustainable shopper