Three Love Island couples’ fates were left hanging in the balance after a savage cliffhanger ending to Thursday’s show. After viewers had voted for the couples they believed had the most connection, three pairings were left vulnerable to be booted from the villa. Andrew Le Page and Tasha Ghouri, Danica Taylor and Jay Younger and Antigoni Buxton and Charles Radnedge were the final three with the fewest votes from viewers, meaning a guy and a girl will be leaving the show. However, the decision has not been left up to the public vote alone as a savage twist means the final choice will be made by the remaining Islanders themselves. The girls have been tasked with choosing which boy will be dumped, while the boys will get to decide which girl will be leaving as well. The Islanders were all seen looking tense following the announcement – which came via text message, of course – before having to discuss who should stay and go. Viewers were left hanging as the show was left on a cliffhanger before the big decision, meaning their fates would be shown on Friday’s episode. As well as a brutal dumping, it was revealed that Casa Amor would begin on Friday too, meaning further tension is set to hit the villa. With a host of new bombshells entering Casa Amor, there is always the risk of the existing Islanders’ heads being turned away from their present partners. The guys and girls are set to be separated and made to live with bombshells of the opposite sex who are in a bid to tempt them to leave their partners and couple up with them if there are to remain in the villa once Casa Amor is over. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island views joke Michael Owen is watching ‘in tears’ as daughter Gemma Owen gets cosy with Luca Bish in hideaway MORE : Amanda Holden bans 16-year-old daughter Lexi from going on Love Island: ‘Mama said no!’ 