It turns out Gemma Owen isn’t the only Love Island contestant who comes from a very sporty family as Liam Llewellyn’s father David is actually an ex-Welsh rugby international. Liam was coupled up with Gemma by the public on Monday night, but it soon became clear she wasn’t interested. Her attentions have since shifted to the first bombshell of the series, Davide Sanclimenti, 27, and the latter picked to pair up with her on Tuesday night’s instalment. This meant Liam, 22, was left single and vulnerable by Gemma, 19, who is the daughter of former England footballer, Michael Owen. However, the islanders do actually have something in common, as they’ve both got dads who’ve played at an international level in their respective sports. Liam’s father David Llewellyn is a former Wales international rugby union player. He played his club rugby for Ebbw Vale, Newport and Neath. He was also part of the Wales squad for the 1999 World Cup where he scored a try, and won four caps for the national team, featuring a further 12 times on the bench for his country. David played in the last Five Nations tournament and made one appearance in the 1999 Rugby World Cup as a replacement against Japan. Nowadays, the former rugby player works as a personal trainer in Cardiff, helping some pretty high profile clients get into shape. He’s been training up boxing rising star Joe Cordina who was crowned the IBF super featherweight champion just days ago. Liam’s dad wrote online: ‘Great see @JoeCordina_91 champion of the world. ‘One of my youngest ever clients. I knew he would be great as he had that mindset as a teenager. ‘So proud of you joe and your mother and dad will be so proud too! #championoftheworld #joecordina #boxing #champ.’ He also seemingly got his son into shape ahead of the show, sharing a snap of Liam’s physique on his Instagram page. Meanwhile, Liam is currently at risk of being dumped from the Love Island villa after Davide made his decision to couple up with Gemma last night. He was sent a text explaining that anyone not in a couple by the end of the week may end up having to wave goodbye to the sun-soaked villa. Luckily, two new girls are entering the programme tonight, Afia Tonkmor and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu, with the public given the chance to vote on which two guys would go on a date with them. But will Liam get lucky with the newcomers, or will his summer of love come to a very premature end? Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Luca Bish calls out Andrew Le Page for attempting to sabotage chances with Tasha Ghouri MORE : Love Island fans accuse twist of ‘segregating’ couples as four Black contestants couple up: ‘There is such an obvious divide’ 