Two British soldiers captured by Russian forces have reportedly pleaded guilty to carrying out ‘terrorist activities’. Aiden Aslin and Shaun Pinner could face up to 20 years behind bars. The men were detained in April while fighting in Ukraine, and have now appeared in court in the separatist Donetsk People’s Republic (DPR) region. Mr Aslin and Mr Pinner have admitted to ‘training in order to carry out terrorist activities’. In footage shared by the Russian news outlet Ria Novosti on Wednesday, a translator asks Mr Aslin if he would ‘plead guilty’ to an offence, to which he replies: ‘Yes.’ The video then appears to show the two Brits in the dock alongside a third man, believed to be Moroccan national Saaudun Brahim. The charge Mr Aslin faces carries a term of 15 to 20 years’ imprisonment, according to Ria Novosti. Mr Pinner is also said to face a longer term and even the death penalty after allegedly admitting to ‘seizing power by force’. Mr Aslin had been fighting in Mariupol when his military unit ran out of food and ammunition. The 28-year-old, originally from Nottinghamshire, had moved to Ukraine in 2018 after he fell in love with a woman from Mykolaiv. In Mariupol, his unit were left with ‘no choice’ but to surrender to Russia. Meanwhile, Mr Pinner had been fighting in the city for five or six weeks before his capture. He reportedly told Russians that ‘he doesn’t want war and wants to go home’ after he was caught. Mr Pinner, who previously served in the Royal Anglian Regiment, is originally from Bedfordshire but moved to Mariupol four years ago to be with his wife Larysa. Earlier today, Tory former minister Robert Jenrick said the Brits should be returned home at the earliest opportunity, possibly through a prisoner exchange. The MP condemned the ‘trumped-up charges’ faced by the men and accused Russia of a ‘completely outrageous breach of international law’. Mr Jenrick told BBC Radio 4’s World At One programme: ‘This is a British citizen, but who also holds Ukrainian nationality, is married to a Ukrainian, joined the Ukrainian armed forces in the normal way prior to Putin’s illegal invasion, and has been serving in the armed forces. ‘He was taken prisoner by Russian forces and in accordance with international law and the Geneva Convention, he should be being held appropriately and returned to Ukraine at the earliest possible opportunity, possibly through a prisoner exchange. ‘Instead of that Putin’s regime have chosen to put him and another British national, Shaun Pinner, on trial on trumped up charges, no evidence whatsoever. ‘This is, I’m afraid, a completely outrageous breach of international law and it should be condemned.’ On Monday, Dominic Raab added the Foreign Office will ‘make all the representations’ on Mr Aslin’s behalf. The same day, the captured soldier’s family said: ‘This is a very sensitive and emotional time for our family, and we would like to say thank you to all that have supported us. ‘Aiden is a much-loved man and very much missed, and we hope that he will be released very soon.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.