A top surgeon has accused Manchester Airport of ‘racial triaging’ over his treatment in a queue. Professor Aali Sheen, said while he was made to queue for a scanner a large group of white travellers were sent through a metal detector. He said: ‘It was racism. It was clear racial triaging’. Prof Sheen, who was flying to Grenoble for a skiing holiday with his family, got into an argument with an official at terminal one after a two-hour queue for security. Aali, who works at Manchester Royal Infirmary, said the staff member beckoned him towards a queue at the body scanner, despite the fact the smaller archway metal detector was clear and free to use. Aali said: ‘I challenged him. I knew the reason. It was obvious. To me it was obvious. ‘He said “just do as you are told”. He was really rude to me and I said “don’t talk to me like that”. I told him he needed to give me a reason because why make someone, well, like me need to go through. ‘He started arguing with me. I said to him “don’t talk back to me – I’m the customer. I know you are a security officer but I think you are being disrespectful to me”. ‘And then when I collected my bags and looked back I saw an obviously Muslim family and they were all going through the same scanner as me. ‘They were being directed there by the same person. It was just wrong. At the same time other people, shall I say Anglo-Saxons, were being ushered through the small scanner. ‘It was racist. It was clear racial triaging. There was no need for me to go through that big scanner. There was no-one there at the smaller scanner. I could have gone through there. I had to go through the big scanner. Why? It was clear racial targeting. I’m shocked. If I did that as a doctor, I would be struck off. I would lose my job.’ Manchester Airport said it followed its usual procedures and Aali was singled out to ‘adhere to the requisite ratio of body scanner and metal detector usage’. Manchester Airport apologised for his experience. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.