Growing up as a queer, undocumented, Polish immigrant in Chicago, I always felt my identities were in flux – in-between cultures and across borders. They also brought a sense of tension and shame, as I often saw my identities demonised. Today, however, I see my experiences – whether migration, or gender and sexuality – as strengths that allow me to embrace complexity and build greater solidarity in my activism both where I now live in the UK and across the world. I was born in Białystok – a city on Poland’s eastern border. Białystok made international headlines in 2019, when its first ever Pride parade was overrun by the far-right. The city received attention again in 2021, when migrants were illegally pushed back across the Belarusian border. My childhood home, suddenly emblematic of Poland’s rise in homophobia and xenophobia. I grew up in a Communist-era housing estate – it had a brutalist grey exterior with a splash of yellow. Everything was nearby: the corner shop, playground, grandma’s house. But in the post-Berlin Wall era, life was tough and turbulent in Poland. My mum still says: ‘In the 80s, there was nothing to buy, but everyone had money. In the 90s, the shelves were full, but no one had any cash.’ In 1996, she spent her life savings to take me and my older brother to join my aunt and cousins in the United States. Many other Polish families did the same and we joined a huge diaspora community in Chicago. Still, it was a culture shock. We clung to what we knew: we spoke Polish at home, made traditional dishes and watched Polish TV. When I was older, I spent summers helping my mum clean houses in the suburbs, criss-crossing the city on long bus journeys. At school, I was teased mercilessly when my mum sewed the Polish coat of arms onto my black leather backpack. Being Eastern European was not seen as cool. I heard the xenophobic slur ‘Polack’ everywhere, even from 8-year-olds. After six months in America, our visas expired. Suddenly, we were ‘undocumented’. I didn’t understand what that really meant until I was in my teens. I couldn’t get a driver’s licence, work legally or get a grant to attend university. I realised then just how much of a person’s life is determined simply by where they’re born. I felt ashamed of our undocumented status and, for a long time, kept it hidden from friends and teachers. While my family found solace and support in the Polish community, I struggled in my late teens with dual identities: being queer and undocumented. The more I came to terms with my sexuality, the more I distanced myself from the largely Catholic and conservative Polish diaspora. I found a different community through activism. In the late 2000s and early 2010s, a wave of grassroots organising led by young undocumented people like myself – the Dreamers’ Movement – publicly reignited the fight for immigrant rights in the US. At the helm were young, queer, trans and working-class migrants, who unabashedly told the US Government: ‘We are undocumented and unafraid.’ Boldly asserting our existence made me feel less alone. In 2010, I attended my first immigrant rights march in Washington, DC. It was a pivotal moment. Walking alongside 200,000 people, I realised that my multiple, intersecting identities were my strength – and could be tools for building collective power. A few months later, through my family, I obtained my permanent residence – or Green Card – which eventually gave me a pathway to US citizenship. When I moved to the UK in 2018, newly-made friends were sensing that xenophobic rhetoric around Brexit would fan racist, hateful attacks on immigrants. They weren’t wrong. I came to the UK because I was looking for a change after being a bit burnt out by US activism. Little did I know I’d be leaving Trump’s America for Brexit land. In recent years, Boris Johnson and Home Secretary Priti Patel have expanded the hostile environment and forced through anti-immigrant legislation like the Nationality and Borders Bill. The Conservative Party has tried to limit how we’re able to protest and make it harder for people to vote. This political backdrop has made me worried about my future in this country, and whether the rights of migrants will be protected. Even though I have pre-settled status – which, as a migrant from the EU, allows me to live and work in the UK – I’ve been pulled aside in airport queues and asked to show physical proof of status. This proof doesn’t exist, as the Home Office made it only available electronically. I’ve had migrant colleagues experience much more severe issues, from getting detained by the Home Office in the Napier Barracks during the Covid-19 pandemic to not seeking NHS medical attention for fear of being charged for treatment because of their immigration status. Like the UK, Poland has also experienced political transformation towards the right – sparking the largest mass mobilisations the country has seen in decades. The ruling party Law and Justice (PiS) came to power in 2015 during the so-called European refugee crisis, promising to expand the welfare state, while keeping Poland free of migrants and Western ‘gender ideology’. Their victory against the centrist opposition revealed the sense of abandonment felt by many in the country, especially in southern and eastern cities like my hometown of Białystok. By the 2019 parliamentary elections in Poland, LGBTQ+ people were presented by PiS as the new threat to Poland. We were scapegoated, just like migrants before. This right-wing rhetoric and policies from PiS boiled over in July 2019, when thousands of far-right nationalists attacked a small Pride march in Białystok. Dozens of young people were injured by thrown rocks, bottles and firecrackers. I couldn’t believe I was reading BBC headlines about my hometown. I felt sick. A week after the attack, I stood before the Polish Embassy in London with my partner, holding homemade protest signs and surrounded by members of the Polish diaspora – the same community I had distanced myself in the US from years prior. Amid tears and political chants, I felt an overwhelming sense of solidarity – and an exciting sense of possibility. I reached out to a local Polish feminist organisation, Dziewuchy London, and asked if I could get more involved. Rather than being met with suspicion as a ‘Polish-American’, I was met with love and support. I saw that many Polish people I met in London were just like me – struggling to fit in and find their place in-between cultures, identities and borders. They also had been treated as a threat at home and abroad because of their accents, queerness or feminist politics. It felt like a homecoming. When PiS won a second parliamentary term in October 2019, I co-founded Polish Migrants Organise for Change (POMOC) with Magda Fabianczyk. POMOC is led by migrants, women and gender nonconforming people, who are getting Polish people in the UK organised. To date, we have supported and mobilised thousands of Polish people across the UK. We organised vigils and donations in solidarity with Ukraine, campaigned to expand the voting rights for migrants, and supported EU migrants to apply for a new immigration status in the UK. We encourage our communities to respond to events in Poland, but also to speak out about issues here in the UK – their home. Together, we are building a world where anyone can thrive – regardless of where they are from. Our cross-border outlook is critical. The same prejudices that give rise to Priti Patel’s inhumane policy of deporting people seeking asylum to Rwanda or the botched ‘Homes for Ukrainians’ scheme, powered Donald Trump’s so-called ‘Muslim Ban’ and fueled PiS’s illegal pushbacks of migrants and recent ‘Stop LGBT’ legislation, which the latter effectively bans Pride marches in Poland. These laws are designed to exclude, and shape who is deserving of rights – based on categories like race, class, age, nationality, gender, sexuality or ability. We recognise that far-right and conservative politicians – wherever they may be – will drum up hate against convenient scapegoats to stay in power, usually targeting the already-marginalised. They think we are defenceless. My life experience has taught me that we are strong and even stronger when we organise together. For me, despite having citizenship in the US and pre-settled status in the UK, the struggle continues to be personal. I worry about my mixed-race step-dad, who risks racial abuse every time he travels home to Poland. I worry about my friends in the US and the UK, who are still waiting for their asylum claims to be processed. I worry about being non-binary, as anti-trans activism festers and grows in the UK. Yet, I feel optimistic embracing the intersections. I know that there is no one way to be Polish or Eastern European – just as there is no one way to be British. Our power is in the vibrant diversity of the communities we belong to. That is our strength. That is our solidarity. (Main picture image credit: Paul McGowan) MORE : As a trans man, I had to flee Saudi Arabia to live as my authentic self MORE : I came to the UK by boat 20 years ago – makeup helps heal my PTSD MORE : Burlesque and moving to the UK helped me come out as bisexual 