A mum filmed herself confronting police on a firing range next to her home after finding out they didn’t have planning permission. Corin Chislett, 34, says her children are afraid to go outside as police fire high-calibre guns up to four times a week which makes a lot of noise. She and husband Rob, 48, say Devon and Cornwall Police have used the neighbouring pond ground quarry near Holcombe Rogus, for eight years. In recent years they say the gunfire has become far worse, going from the occasional pistol shots to machinegun-like fire. Video recordings of Mr Chislett’s garden show loud gunfire sounds in the distance. Last week, police acknowledged they had let the permission lapse for ‘reasons unknown’ and submitted a new application to fire weapons all day, five days a week. In the application they admitted that they had been using the site since 2014 without a permit which they blamed on ‘reasons unknown’. A separate application to build on the site though shows that Mid Devon District Council reminded them to reapply. The fresh application also requested permission to fire on weekends and higher calibre weapons than before – infuriating locals who say they feel like they are in a war zone. Villagers are also unable to complain to their local MP Neil Parish after he resigned from the commons after being caught watching porn in the chamber. Rob says the site has been used by police for 40 years – but since the start of the pandemic had started to be used more frequently. The father of two explained: ‘It honestly feels like we live in a war zone. ‘It’s so loud that my little boy is constantly complaining saying he doesn’t want to go outside, it’s just too frightening. ‘It’s gone from being used up to maybe a dozen times a year with relatively small arms fire to four times a week with high velocity rifles.’ Rob also claimed that the facility is poorly secured, with children able to enter the facility via a ‘poorly maintained’ wooden fence. He also noted that his wife Corin easily stormed onto the site during firing last week in a fit of rage and confronted police officers. Despite her being threatened with arrest, she was eventually able to get the officers to ceasefire and pack up for the day. Rob added: ‘It’s a really genuine worry that our children who are 5 and 7 could just wander onto the site or even just close to them while playing a game of hide and seek. ‘The security on the site is limited. The wooden fences that are there are basically just ones put up by local farmers to stop their livestock wandering in. ‘There is a string of barbed wire around it too, but there are easy pathways in and out of the site that are used by kids and animals to get in and use the site for activities. ‘They put up the odd red flag when they start firing and a sign at the gate, but other than that you could absolutely just wander onto the site, there’s nothing to stop you.’ In the new application the police state: ‘For reasons unknown to both parties, neither Devon and Cornwall Police or Mid Devon District Council was aware that the temporary consent had lapsed some years ago. ‘This is, possibly, due to a change in personnel over the years. ‘We recognise our part in the failure to record the lapse in the planning consent and confirm that this was purely by accident. ‘It was certainly not by design or anybody’s intention for the end of the temporary consent to go unnoticed. ‘The end of the temporary consent was brought to our attention last year, in 2021.’ Despite this, the police made a separate application for planning permission to build a structure on the site in 2014. When this was approved, Mid Devon District Council reminded police that they would need to re-apply for permission to use the site that year – which they failed to do. A spokesman said: “This site has been used for safe police firearms training since the 1970s. ‘Unfortunately the fact that planning permission for this essential activity had lapsed was missed, we believe due to a change of personnel. ‘As soon as this error came to light our building and estates team commenced discussions with Mid Devon District Council. ‘An application has now been submitted which will enable local residents’ views to be taken into consideration and comments to be submitted.’ Locals now say they intend to challenge the facility’s continued and future use through protests and legal action. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.