It would be ‘crass’ to spend public money on Platinum Jubilee celebrations amid the cost of living crisis, Glasgow councillors say. The city’s council has come under fire over a lack of major events to mark the Queen’s 70 year reign this weekend. Glasgow’s main tribute to Her Majesty will be a Jubilee themed menu at schools and a service of worship at the city’s cathedral tomorrow. Some criticised the lack of events, but Green councillor Leodhas Massie defended the decision not to throw any big street parties or parades like in other parts of Scotland. He said: ‘To set aside even a penny of Glasgow City Council’s budget for this during a chronic cost of living crisis would be sickeningly offensive. ‘You are free to celebrate this “tradition” at your own expense if you feel like you want to.’ SNP council deputy leader Ricky Bell said: ‘In the current financial restraints that Glasgow City faces, spending money on a Jubilee celebration would in my opinion be crass. He added: ‘I want to direct every penny we can to helping with the cost of living crisis.’ Green councillor Anthony Carrolll said he would rather see Glasgow celebrating its history and ‘proud moments’ as a city. However not everyone saw eye to eye on this issue, with Conservative councillor Thomas Kerr accusing the SNP/Green coalition of choosing to ‘snub Her Majesty’. He added: ‘The Platinum Jubilee is a perfect occasion to celebrate our Majesty’s tireless dedication to our country and I will be proud to celebrate The Queen. ‘Other Scottish towns and cities are rightly marking the jubilee but it seems the nationalists running Glasgow City Chambers have shown themselves up to be petty and mean-spirited. ‘However, their refusal to mark the celebrations won’t stop Glaswegians from joining together to wish Her Majesty a fantastic historic Platinum Jubilee and celebrate her decades of dutiful public service to our country.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.