A baby girl found dead at a recycling plant during the first national lockdown may have been shaken or smothered, an inquest heard. The unidentified infant, known only as Baby S, was ‘definitely born alive’ and was no more than 24 hours old, investigators say. She was found on a conveyor belt on a waste processing line at Sackers scrapyard, in Needham Market, Suffolk. The grim discovery was made on May 14, 2020 after a delivery of waste from commercial bins. A pathologist identified a number of ways that the baby could have died, including a traumatic birth, shaking or smothering, but they couldn’t determine which it was. Recording an open conclusion, Suffolk’s senior coroner Nigel Parsley said: ‘We simply cannot say exactly how Baby S came by her death and how she received the injuries which led to her death.’ He said an initial post-mortem examination could not determine a cause of death, so the baby’s brain and spinal column were sent to a neuropathologist. Her cause of death was then recorded as due to a traumatic brain injury, but what led to this remains uncertain. The post-mortem examination recorded features that were ‘compatible with a live birth’, such as ‘well-inflated lungs, indicating active breathing’, the inquest heard. Baby S was recorded to have been dark-skinned, possibly of African descent, and to have been born full-term with no evidence of underlying disease. A pathologist’s report said the infant had ‘numerous severe injuries’, the majority of which occured after death. These included fractures to the skull, pelvis and ribs which ‘could be explained by damage through the processing plant’. Detective Chief Inspector Karl Nightingale said pathologists were ‘significantly hindered by the waste processing she went through’. The report noted haemorrhaging to the layer covering the skull and bruises to the front of the face and over the mouth. ‘She could have been placed into the bin while alive but her death isn’t attributed to her going through the waste processing,’ Mr Nightingale added. He said Baby S is thought to have been inside one of two waste collection vehicles which collected waste from 52 locations. Officers visited 800 addresses and gathered 11,000 hours of CCTV footage but were not able to establish how Baby S came to be inside a bin. Explaining that police ‘have to keep an open mind’ about the case, Mr Parsely said: ‘All we can say with any certainty is the information in relation to how Baby S was found but really we’re no closer to identifying how she got into the waste system in the first place.’ He described the case as ‘tragic’ and praised Sackers for helping in the course of the investigation. The coroner noted the firm had been ‘fundamentally involved in funeral arrangements’ for the infant. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.