A mum has told a courtroom of the heartbreak caused when her teenage son who dreamed of becoming a lawyer was killed by a drunk driver. James Biscoe, 21, was three times over the drink-drive limit when he ploughed into aspiring lawyer Junior Alexander, 16, in Bromley, southeast London, on July 18, last year. He hit the schoolboy at nearly 50mph in a 30mph zone while driving his Fiat Punto on the wrong side of the road, in a bid to avoid a speed camera, the Old Bailey heard. After realising he had struck Junior, Biscoe did not return to help him and fled the scene. In a harrowing statements read to the court during Biscoe’s hearing, Junior’s parents told of the devastating impact of their son’s death. Donna Lonergan, Junior’s mum, told Biscoe he was ‘pure evil’ for leaving himand not helping him. She told the court how she had asked her son not to go out on July 18 when he said he needed to drop something off to his girlfriend. She said: ‘My last words to him were hurry up. I will never tell my other son to hurry up now.’ Police woke Ms Lonergan up at 4am when they knocked on her door. ‘I just recall screaming out for Junior and collapsing on the floor,’ she told the Old Bailey. Officers asked her what colour trainers her son had been wearing. She said: ‘When I said red I saw the look in his eyes. He knew it was Junior. And then I knew. ‘I saw my baby lying on a hospital bed with tubes coming out everywhere and blood on his face. ‘His face still looked so perfect. I couldn’t believe he was gone. All his teeth had been knocked out. His beautiful, perfect teeth. ‘The police kept him for so long that we had to have a closed coffin. I had to hug the coffin goodbye.’ Addressing Biscoe, Ms Lonergan asked him why he didn’t help her son and said his decision to leave him ‘was pure evil’. Earlier Jason Alexander, Junior’s dad had told the court how his son had aspirations to be a barrister. ‘It is ironic that we are here today at the Old Bailey…where he would have applied his trade one day. He will never do that now,’ he said. He said that the situation could have ‘easily’ been avoided. ‘[Biscoe] knew the law, we all know the law. You don’t drink and drive, everyone knows that.’ Mr Alexander said Biscoe left his son ‘no chance’. ‘He left his body a mangled wreck. All his teeth knocked out of his mouth,’ he told the court. ‘And he didn’t even stop to help just left him there to die on the streets like a dog, a stray dog.’ Asking the judge to pass the maximum sentence, Mr Alexander added: ‘He will still be a young man when he gets out and have a life, something my son will never have.’ Biscoe, of Dartford, Kent, admitted causing death by dangerous driving, dangerous driving, driving with an alcohol level above the limit and failing to stop after an accident. Mitigating, Piers Kiss-Wilson referred to his client’s guilty plea, remorse and low risk of reoffending when asking the judge to pass a ‘that allows for rehabilitation.’ Biscoe showed no emotion as he was jailed for six years and eight months for causing death by dangerous driving and four months, consecutive, for dangerous driving. He was also disqualified from driving for 10 years and six months. Passing sentence Judge John Hillen said: ‘Stupidity and cowardice are the mildest ways of describing your behaviour that night. ‘Here you are in the dock at court number one in the Old Bailey facing a substantial prison sentence because of a drunken decision to drive that night. ‘For the rest of your life you will live with the fact that you took a life by drunk driving.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.