From the cost of living crisis to rail strikes and holiday delays, the UK isn’t in for the greatest summer ahead – despite this being our first real summer without Covid-19 restrictions. But now another worrying problem is on the horizon – with British ice cream sellers saying they are facing a ‘nightmare’ shortage of Cadbury 99 Flakes. And with temperatures set to soar up to 32°C by Friday in a predicted heatwave, seaside visitors’ dreams of wandering along the coast with an ice cream in hand may be dashed. Cadbury’s parent company revealed there are ‘supply chain disruptions’ after moving most of its production of Flakes to a factory near Cairo, Egypt. A Modelez spokesperson said: ‘In line with what many other companies are reporting, we are experiencing some global supply chain disruptions, alongside a recent increase in demand for the product in the UK and Ireland above the levels that we agreed with our customers at the start of the year. ‘This means we are experiencing some short-term stock challenges on Flake 99. ‘We are working, and will continue to work hard, to resolve the situation, and are working closely with our direct distributive customers to manage stock allocation fairly based on initial forecasts.’ The Ice Cream Alliance said: ‘There is, once again, a shortage of the Flake product. ‘This is disappointing to our members and their customers as the Flake product is synonymous with the whippy ice cream known as the Flake 99 and enjoyed throughout the UK especially during the summer months. ‘The ICA hopes that the supply issue is resolved as soon as possible to benefit both our members, the ice cream industry and their customers.’ Abby Beech, who runs Abbey’s Ice Cream in Hessle, East Yorkshire, said her supplier has limited her to buying 10 boxes at once. She told the BBC: ‘There are 144 [Flakes] in a box. It sounds a lot but if you go to a large event you could easily use eight or nine boxes.’ It was thought the chocolate sticks were called 99 Flakes from when the soft-serve cones cost just 99p. But Cadbury claims it comes from a period where things considered elite by Italians were referred to as 99s, because the King of Italy had a bodyguard unit of 99 men. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.