Simon Cowell and his fiancée Lauren Silverman were spotted out enjoying a favourite past time of his on a bike ride together in London, just days ahead of their rumoured wedding date. The couple cycled around the streets of Notting Hill on Tuesday on their electric bikes, with TV mogul Simon, 62, in sunglasses, black tracksuit bottoms and a puffer jacket, despite the sunny weather. Lauren, 44, was in a beige long-sleeved, belted linen dress and trainers. The couple were seemingly joined by her 16-year-old son Adam, with both Lauren and Adam donning helmets for the outing. Simon is one for getting back on his bike – quite literally – following his most recent cycling crash back in February, which left him with a broken arm. The Britain’s Got Talent star was then snapped on several subsequent occasions in a variety of brightly coloured casts and wrist braces as his injury healed. His second electric bike crash in 18 months, Simon confessed shortly afterwards that he was ‘a bit of a nutter’ and told MailOnline: ‘I’m OK. I’m feeling much better thank you. It happened just round the corner.’ The accident followed a crash in August 2020 in the US, which saw him break his back and undergo six hours of surgery which involved having a metal rod inserted. A source told the publication that The X Factor boss, who was not wearing a helmet, was ‘lucky to be alive’ and that passers-by had stopped to help him. The 62-year-old vowed that he had ‘learnt his lesson’ after the crash, which he called ‘actually quite boring’, as he revealed eight-year-old son Eric gave him ‘the biggest telling off’ for not sporting the appropriate headwear. He even made a tongue-in-cheek reference to his lack of safety gear during the most recent series of BGT when he joked that he ‘might have to borrow’ one of act Scooter Boys’ helmets. Simon proposed to partner Lauren on Christmas Eve in Barbados, having previously insisted that he would never get married. The couple first met in 2004 when she was on holiday in Barbados with her then-husband Andrew Willner. The pair went public with their relationship in 2013, with Andrew and Lauren’s divorce being finalised in November that year. It’s previously been reported that Simon and Lauren will tie the knot this month in the capital, but his fellow BGT judge David Walliams said he had yet to receive an invitation to the nuptials in early May – or be asked to be best man. The comedian and bestselling author joked that he wanted to be there and ‘ruin the day for him’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Alesha Dixon reveals why Simon Cowell isn’t in Britain’s Got Talent WhatsApp group MORE : Dapper Michael Owen enjoys day at Ascot after Love Island star Gemma Owen’s unusual remarks on horse bums 