MasterChef judges Gregg Wallace and John Torode have both been awarded MBEs after being recognised in the Queen’s Birthday Honours. The pair, who have put contestants through their paces for almost two decades on the BBC show, are becoming members of the Order for services to food and charity. Gregg spoke of the ‘unbelievable honour’ and said it was ‘something akin to a fairytale story’. The 57-year-old, a former greengrocer, is also an author and successful business owner. ‘Wow – fruit and veg has been a very good friend to me over the years,’ Gregg exclaimed in a statement. ‘What an unbelievable honour it is to be recognised by Her Majesty at such a fabulous moment in her glittering reign. ‘From a council estate in Peckham to being recognised by the Queen is for me something akin to a fairytale story. I am incredibly, incredibly proud.’ He also paid tribute to his presenting co-star, John, adding: ‘It is also lovely to be recognised with John and to look back at how far we’ve come. It’s been quite a journey from the moment when I first walked into his kitchen with coriander roots. ‘We’ve now worked in and around the food industry for 40 years – not just MasterChef of course but in our respective roles as chef and greengrocer. ‘I feel like I’m sharing this with my TV families. MasterChef has undoubtedly played an enormous part in this recognition. ‘Over 18 years the MasterChef team has captured the hearts of the nation, whilst celebrating the very best of our food and hospitality industry. ‘It has also inspired hundreds and hundreds of contestants who have gone on to have their own successful food journeys in many different areas of the industry. ‘To be given an MBE as part of that is humbling and something I’m very proud of.’ Meanwhile, MasterChef co-star John said he is ‘humbled and very grateful’ to have been made an MBE. The 56-year-old enthused: ‘I am truly thrilled, humbled and very grateful and I’d like to thank those who nominated me for this great honour of an MBE. ‘To be put forward and recognised for services to the food industry and broadcasting which I have worked in for over 40 years is a very proud moment for me and my family. ‘I have been fortunate enough to run and set up restaurants, been at the forefront of introducing Australasian cuisine to the UK and worked hard to make the industry the very best it can be. ‘I have always wanted everyone and anyone to know a little bit more about food and why I love it and hold it so dear. ‘I so enjoy my work with MasterChef, John & Lisa’s Weekend Kitchen and the many TV shows I am so lucky to be involved with, where we hope to entertain and educate a little on the beauty and creativity of food, raise awareness and sometimes some much-needed charitable funds. ‘The British public has always been amazing, what a wonderful supportive country this is, thank you, I feel like I have the best job in the world.’ Born in Melbourne, Torode is credited as one of the main figures who introduced Australasian In 2005, MasterChef was relaunched with Gregg and John as hosts and it went on to become a worldwide success, spawning popular spin-offs across the globe as well as Celebrity MasterChef and Junior MasterChef. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 