Palace insiders have revealed that the Jubilee celebrations left the Queen ‘tearful and overwhelmed’. Prince Charles is said to have convinced his mother to come on to the balcony during the final day of celebrations. The Queen was seen in a green dress joined by her close family on the final Sunday of celebrations. But the historic moment was only possible thanks to an intervention from her son. A source told the Mail on Sunday: ‘The Queen only decided that she would go to London about three hours before the balcony appearance. ‘She was not feeling brilliant but the Prince of Wales had called her and told her she really ought to come if she could. ‘He told her there were so many people desperate to see her and he convinced her to come.’ The monarch then travelled from Windsor to London and was astonished by the goodwill shown to her when she arrived. A source said: ‘The Queen was totally overwhelmed by the number of people waiting to see her – she had tears in her eyes before she stepped out on the balcony.’ The moment had been carefully choreographed shortly beforehand, to allow the Queen to stand beside the Prince of Wales to her right and the Duke of Cambridge and his eldest son, Prince George, to her left – a lasting image of the next three generations who will succeed her. It may be the last time that the quartet are seen together on such a high-profile occasion. Inspired by the response from the public at home and abroad, the Queen issued a deeply personal message of thanks. She said: ‘While I may not have attended every event in person, my heart has been with you all; and I remain committed to serving you to the best of my ability, supported by my family.’ It is rare that the Queen has shown emotion in public – although she was seen discreetly wiping away a tear during a ceremony to decommission her beloved Royal Yacht Britannia in December 1997. The Queen will now embark upon a new phase in her reign. A source said: ‘Over time, the Queen will revert to becoming a more virtual Queen with digital appearances and video calls.’ Rather than ‘looking back’ on the Jubilee, a Royal source now says the Queen is ‘looking ahead’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.