Former Gogglebox regular Tom Malone Jr has won praise from fans after opening up about his recent autism diagnosis at the age of 28. Tom appeared on Gogglebox with the rest of the Malone family up until February 2021, announcing he wanted to explore other opportunities. The TikTok star and professional dancer has still been on-screen elsewhere, popping up on E4’s The Real Dirty Dancing earlier this year. It’s no surprise the former fan favourite still has many supportive fans who want to see what he’s up to, but his latest update was a very personal one. In an Instagram post, he revealed he has been diagnosed with autism, which is a developmental disability caused by differences in the brain. He shared how he sought out explanations after ‘always feeling a bit different’ and told fans: ‘I don’t normally do very personal posts like this but I thought this one was important. ‘I’ve always felt a bit different, a bit socially awkward and like I just don’t process things in the same way as everybody else. Finally, I have an explanation. I’ve recently been diagnosed as autistic.’ He went on to add: ‘Something that both makes sense to me whilst at the same time is something completely new to learn about and understand more about why I am the way I am. ‘Now begins the journey. This one goes out to all the kids that have ever felt misunderstood due to being a little bit different.’ Stars such as Saffron Barker and Hollyoaks actress Chelsee Healey left their love underneath the post, as well as a stream of fans, who praised him for opening up. One wrote: ‘With you on this Tom! I was diagnosed with it in January with autism! And it does answer so many questions and fills so gaps for stuff that we’ve all being unsure about! I am still learning about myself and starting to feel better about myself! Happy late diagnosis! #autismawareness.’ ‘Proud of you for this and I’m with you all the way,’ commented another. Someone else added: ‘So good for sharing your story will help support others.’ ‘Hopefully this diagnosis will help you to understand yourself more. I have 3 autistic boys and I’ve seen the beauty and brilliance of autism. There will be hard days of course, but just know you aren’t alone and there’s lots of support out there should you feel you need it,’ a fan weighed in. Another echoed: ‘You are such a great role model ❤️ sharing will make a massive impact to so many.’ It comes after he ruled out an impromptu return to Gogglebox earlier this year while responding to a fan who asked whether he could take his girlfriend Bryony Briscoe on the show. He explained: ‘I’m not actually on Gogglebox anymore, I haven’t been for like a year now. ‘So ‘cos I’m not contracted, I wouldn’t be able to just pop up and I wouldn’t be able to just bring Bryony with me as she’s not contracted either. So no.’ Gogglebox airs Fridays at 9pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Big Questions: Davina McCall on Big Brother’s return, being in awe of Dame Deborah James and her daughters going on Love Island MORE : Harry Styles fans devastated after he doesn’t show up for Billie Eilish Glastonbury set following ‘rumours over surprise appearance’