Spectators who went to watch Johnny Depp’s case against Amber Heard are selling their wristbands online – and charging thousands of dollars. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor, 58, won the lawsuit this week, over an op-ed his ex-wife in 2018, in which she discussed her experience with domestic abuse. He sought $50million in damages and was awarded $15m, which later was reduced to $8m, while the Aquaman actress, 36, got $2m in her countersuit, from the $100m she was seeking. It is fair to say that the proceedings took on a life of their own, with social media flooded with videos, memes and commentary of the case, which was held at the Fairfax County Courthouse in Virginia and livestreamed on YouTube. Fans who made it into the courtroom have now taken to eBay to sell their used wristbands from the days they were able to attend in person. Yes, seriously. The most expensive listing currently stands at $4,990 at the time of writing – but has zero bids and around 10 hours left for someone to snap up. To put that into context, a round trip business class flight from New York to London this weekend comes in at $4,730. One listing starts at $500, which is less than a weekend wristband to Coachella, while others are priced at $350, $99 and $70. While a pre-owned spectator wristband is currently at $61, and has already received six bids. Depp won his defamation case against Heard this week, after nearly two months of court hearings. The jury deliberated for around 13 hours before confirming the verdict – Heard will be appealing the decision. The Edward Scissorhands star was not in court to hear the news, instead taking the opportunity to hit the stage in the UK with Jeff Beck. It has now been claimed that the pair will be releasing an album together next month, teaming up for a new record. They reportedly announced the news at their gig in Gateshead, where Beck also referenced the trial, saying: ‘What a result!’ ‘I met this guy five years ago and we’ve never stopped laughing since,’ he said, via BBC. ‘We actually made an album. I don’t know how it happened. It will be out in July.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lynda Carter confirms Wonder Woman is a ‘superhero for bisexuals’ in brilliant shutdown of trolls MORE : Johnny Depp ‘wants to be friends with ex Kate Moss’ after she ‘surprised’ him at his London show 