Strike crisis talks will resume this morning while disruption continues across the network. RMT staff will be back at work today but 40% of planned trains have been cancelled because of the knock on impact of yesterday’s strike. Tube passengers in London were warned not to travel until mid-morning and traffic on the roads is expected to be worse than usual throughout the day. While the network is fully reopen in theory today, yesterday’s action meant trains and staff are not where they were needed this morning, causing rush hour havoc. Depot staff and signallers who would normally work through the night were absent in the early hours as their shifts started during Tuesday’s strike, leading to the start of today’s service being delayed. Anthony Smith, chief executive of the independent watchdog Transport Focus, told told the BBC passengers should expect ‘quite a messy day’ despite there being no strike. RMT workers will walk out again on Thursday and Saturday if talks fail, with levels of disruption similar to those seen today expected either side. At London Victoria Station at 8.45am this morning chaos continued, with westbound platforms closed due to overcrowding as passengers flocked to the Circle & District lines – but found no trains. Announcements told passengers that even when trains finally did arrive, they would likely be full and they should seek alternative routes. Outside Victoria station, long queues formed at bus stops as buses drove by without stopping, too full to take on more passengers. The situation is expected to improve later this afternoon but an emergency timetable remains in place and passengers are warned they should check before they travel. Industrial action at Network Rail and 13 major train operators is set to continue on Thursday and Saturday. Union officials are due to sit down with rail bosses today to try and resolve a pay and conditions dispute which has led to the biggest strike in decades. Last minute negotiations on Monday failed to produce a breakthrough and it’s unlikely any progress today would prevent disruption tomorrow. Boris Johnson has told his cabinet the government must ‘stay the course’ in its showdown with one of Britain’s strongest unions. Downing Street said it would ‘not give in’ after a Treasury minister called on workers to accept lower pay rises in order to help tackle inflation. But a survey of over 2,300 people by Savanta ComRes showed that 58% said the industrial action was justified. Younger adults aged 18-34 (72%) and Labour voters (79%) were more likely to see the strikes as justified compared to their older, aged 55+, (44%) and Conservative-voting (38%) counterparts. Three out of five of those polled said they are generally supportive of the principle of industrial action, while just 35% were generally opposed. The RMT has threatened to continue with industrial action throughout the year if it does not get concessions in talks. The union’s general secretary Mick Lynch said the turnout at picket lines on Tuesday was ‘fantastic’, adding: ‘Our members will continue the campaign and have shown outstanding unity in the pursuit of a settlement to this dispute. ‘RMT members are leading the way for all workers in this country who are sick and tired of having their pay and conditions slashed by a mixture of big business profits and government policy. ‘Now is the time to stand up and fight for every single railway worker in this dispute that we will win.’ The Department for Transport has pushed for savings and modernisation across the network after ploughing billions in to keep it afloat during the pandemic. Network Rail has estimated the changes could lead to the loss of 1,800 jobs. A spokesperson said the strike has ‘shut down big parts of the rail network, hitting local businesses and unfairly cutting people off from hospitals, schools and work’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.