Elvis Costello has clarified his criticism of the Platinum Jubilee, including Rod Stewart’s controversial performance, after reportedly making savage remarks about it at a recent gig. The 67-year-old musician, whose hits include Everyday I Write The Book, performed in Glasgow, Scotland on his tour with his band The Imposters last week. During the gig, Elvis reportedly took a moment to share his thoughts on the Jubilee’s Party at the Palace concert, which took place at Buckingham Palace in celebration of Queen Elizabeth II’s 70-year reign, and featured performances from Sir Elton John, Alicia Keys and Diana Ross. Elvis was said to have ripped into Sir Rod’s surprise performance of Sweet Caroline, after many others called out the music icon’s vocals on the Neil Diamond hit. However, he’s since clarified his comments and tweeted: ‘If you read my actual remark, it about the wrong-headed idea of asking Sir Rod pass up “You Wear It Well” to lead a f*****g singalong. Ms. Ross is deity. ‘Have some damn respect. I was joking about the many uncomfortable choices that were overlooked.’ According to The Mirror, Elvis told the crowd at the Glasgow gig: ‘I was in Brighton the other night when the Jubilee was happening. But the show was good, wasn’t it? Wasn’t it? No, it was s***e. ‘I mean, I know you all love him and he’s one of yours and everything, but Rod. What the f***?’ He reportedly continued: ‘I must say, listen we all have bad nights vocally, but for f*** sake, Sweet f***ing Caroline. ‘Are you f***ing kidding me? ‘I mean I’ve been in showbusiness 45 years so I do know a thing or two.’ Elvis added that he was surprised Sir Rod wasn’t asked to sing his hit You Wear It Well?, which he felt was more appropriate. He also had similar feelings about The Supremes legend Diana Ross’ setlist, which included Ain’t No Mountain High Enough and Thank You. ‘Listen, Diana Ross had a whole playlist of songs that would have fitted the occasion: You Keep Me Hanging On, I’m Living In Shame. I’m not saying Love Child,’ he said. ‘You never heard it from me.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears’ mother Lynne congratulates newlywed on Sam Asghari wedding despite invite snub: ‘I’m so happy for you’ MORE : The Big Questions: DJ Fat Tony on conquering addiction, the importance of Pride, and finding ‘light in the darkness’