Three sweet Labrador pups are recovering after being abandoned by shady breeders. The three blonde pups were spotted being dumped by a man in Renfrew, Renfrewshire, on June 14 in broad daylight – just before 4pm. It’s suspected they were abandoned because one of their siblings died from a virus in the previous days. Now, they’re in the care of the Scottish SPCA – which was tipped off about a similar puppy who had passed away a few days after being bought in Greenock, Inverclyde. A Scottish SPCA undercover special investigations unit inspector said: ‘We suspect these puppies are linked to prolific low-welfare puppy dealers operating in Scotland. ‘In the past we have come across similar cases where puppies have been dumped as soon as they’re no longer profitable because they have fallen ill. ‘We cannot stress this enough: the supply of badly-bred puppies will only disappear if public demand stops.’ Microchips from the poor pup who died matched the chips from the rescued three, and it’s suspected they were abandoned by a dodgy breeder after it was discovered the virus was a risk. The seller had the then-prospective buyer to meet in a public place with two other pups and a dog he claimed was the mother. When it became clear that the puppy was unwell, the buyer was left spending thousands attempting to save the pet’s life. ‘Every year,’ the inspector said, ‘thousands of pups are dying at just days or weeks old to fuel the trade. ‘We will continue to fight the puppy trade every step of the way, but we need each and every person to do their bit to help us stop it. ‘There are thousands of adverts on websites like Gumtree for puppies, but there is no guarantee you are buying from a responsible breeder when you shop online. ‘Under no circumstances should someone meet a breeder to purchase a puppy or allow a pup to be dropped off. ‘Do not accept any excuse, no matter how plausible it seems. ‘These people are master manipulators and will try anything to make you believe they are legitimate and responsible breeders. ‘We are urging the public to be vigilant when buying a puppy and not to accept any excuse not to see the puppy with mum. ‘We would always advise adopting over buying a pet but those with their hearts set on buying a puppy should do their research and make sure they are buying from a responsible breeder. ‘Although you may have to wait slightly longer, you will be getting a happy and healthy dog.’ The Scottish SPCA says it’s dedicated to tackling the illegal puppy trade. It’s also urging anyone who has any information regarding this incident, or is concerned they may have purchased a pup from a low-welfare breeder, to call their confidential animal helpline. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Adorable German Shepherd puppies left abandoned in a box over Jubilee weekend MORE : Bichon Frise puppy has emergency surgery after swallowing 20 coins MORE : How to stop your puppy from chewing on your stuff