Thousands have taken to the streets of London to protest against the cost of living crisis which is crippling the nation. Protesters gathered around Portland Place calling for the Government to take action and help those most vulnerable in society. From there, the crowd marched towards Parliament Square, where speakers addressed the crowds. Protesters at the rally have criticised the controversial Police and Crime Bill which they fear could limit such demonstrations in future. Banners could be seen in the crowds with phrases such as ‘Cut war not welfare’ and ‘End fuel poverty, insulate homes now’. Other signs read, ‘Nurses not nukes’, ‘Don’t get angry, get active’ and ‘Free Assange’ could be seen. Protesters in the crowd could be heard whistling, cheering and clapping as the protest snaked its way towards Westminster. Loud music, including the songs 9 To 5, I Need A Dollar and Money, Money, Money were played through large speakers, with those gathered singing and dancing along. The TUC organised the protest, after research carried out by the union suggested workers have lost almost £20,000 since 2008 because pay has not kept pace with inflation. At the protest was Ben Robinson, 25, who works for a housing charity in Brixton, south London. He said: ‘We’ve got residents who are coming into our offices, who are choosing between feeding their own kids, not themselves, their own kids, and paying rent and heating. ‘That is just not a choice that anyone should have to face, you know, in the fourth biggest economy in the world.’ He added: ‘I don’t think there’s enough recognition in the Government, actually how bad things are going to be and really are for people, real people who don’t have enough money. ‘And the growing disparity between the very richest in society and the other 99% of people who just don’t have enough to get by, so hopefully this outlines that, but who knows?’ Teacher Frankie Brown, 24, added: ‘Every day I have got kids in my class who are going home to homes where they don’t have enough to eat.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.