Elliot Page has recalled the difficulties he faced when promoting his 2007 film, saying that he was ‘made to wear a dress’ after asking if he could wear a suit instead. In December 2020, the actor came out as transgender, saying in a statement released at the time: ‘I feel lucky to be writing this. To be here. To have arrived at this place in my life.’ The Umbrella Academy star previously came out as gay in 2014, having found fame in films including Hard Candy, Whip It, Inception and X-Men. The 35-year-old has written a new essay opening up about his transition, explaining that when Juno was ‘at the height of its popularity’, he was ‘closeted, dressed in heels and the whole look – I wasn’t okay.’ ‘I think of times when people actively were like, “No, you need to wear a dress” in very, very, very pivotal moments. I remember the premiere of Juno at the Toronto International Film Festival,’ he wrote for Esquire. Elliot explained that on previous occasions, he ‘didn’t know the concept of a stylist’, so he ‘dressed how I wanted to dress – not dissimilar to now’. ‘And I remember going and having the thing I wanted to wear, and then understanding the degree of expectation of how fancy someone is supposed to look. So I said I wanted to wear a suit, and Fox Searchlight was basically like, “No, you need to wear a dress,”’ he said. The actor said that he was taken to a shop to buy a dress, adding: ‘That was that.’ Then when doing press for Juno, which included photo shoots, his co-star Michael Cera was allowed to wear ‘slacks and sneakers’. Later this month, Elliot is set to return to The Umbrella Academy as Viktor for season three. The recently-released trailer teased the superpowered siblings’ clash with the newly-introduced Sparrow Academy, who had taken their place in their familial home in an alternate reality. Fans were left sobbing when a poster featuring Viktor was released, as they spotted a nod to the character’s late brother Ben with his choice of attire. Metro.co.uk has contacted Searchlight Pictures for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Umbrella Academy season 3 trailer: Elliot Page’s Vanya returns alongside new character Victor for mind-bending adventure MORE : Umbrella Academy fans ‘sobbing’ over ‘nod’ from Viktor Hargreeves to brother Ben after new Elliot Page poster is released for season 3 