Things are getting hot and sticky in the UK this week, with the heatwave in full swing. So people will be making the most of their gardens over the coming days, with sunbathing and outdoor gatherings taking centre stage. This first bout of hot weather is also the perfect opportunity to start upgrading your garden for the months ahead – whether that’s with new garden furniture, a BBQ, or a hot tub. If you’re planning on the latter, an inflatable hot tub is a portable and more affordable solution than having one custom-built. Inflatable hot tubs are a fuss-free option that can offer hours of relaxation – plus many have their own unique settings and features. If you want to get in on the action, but don’t want to spend a fortune, we’ve rounded up some of the best inflatable hot tubs on a budget for summer 2022. Just don’t hang around, as we have a feeling these will be sold out by the end of this week. This option, which comes in at less than £200, fits three people in total – so is on the slightly smaller side, but still is impressive with its various features. It boasts a massage system, rapid heating system and a power-saving timer, as well as Freeze Shield technology – so it can be used all-year round. Buy it now for £199 from B&Q This six-person hot tub has a UVC sanitiser and antibacterial system, so you don’t have to worry about dirt and grime. It comes with a handy remote control with options to self-inflate the spa, adjust the temperature, turn bubbles on/off and pre-set heating time. Buy it now for £257 from Amazon This compact four-person tub is ideal for those with limited outdoor space. It also inflates in less than five minutes – so can be ready in no time. There are 110 air jets to relax your muscles, and the 365 FreezeGuard ensures you can benefit from your CleverSpa Onyx all-year round. Buy it now for £280 from Argos This popular option is a little more expensive than the other ones, but there’s a reason it’s the supermarket’s best-selling hot tub. It comes with two headrests, a thermal ground cloth and user-friendly control panel, to help users relax and unwind. Buy it now for £399 from Aldi This inflatable hot tub offers a full sensory experience with its own aromatherapy system, which offers soothing scents, plus LED lights that illuminate the water. Three different speed settings are available too, and there’s a reinforced cover to keep it protected during the winter months. Buy it now for £249.99 from Robert Dyas This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : This desk fan will solve all your sweaty summer needs MORE : The best products to keep your baby cool in the heat MORE : Aldi becomes first supermarket to launch its own dog ice cream – just in time for the heatwave