A young Black teenager was handcuffed and thrown to the floor by Metropolitan Police officers on his way home from school in a case of mistaken identity. De-shaun Joseph, 14, thought ‘he was going to die’ when police apprehended him in south London on Thursday. He allegedly matched the description of a suspect in connection with a nearby robbery. Footage taken shows the helpless youngster being forced to the ground outside Blackhorse Road tram station in Croydon. One of the officers can be seen kneeling on De-shaun’s legs and another holding his hands behind his back. Shocked by the police’s conduct, passersby stopped to film the incident. One man can be heard pleading with them: ‘He is a young boy, bruv. He’s a young boy. You are being a bit aggressive.’ De-shaun’s mobile was confiscated but he shouted out his mum’s number to a woman watching the scene. Janet Joseph, who arrived at the scene as her son was being handcuffed on the floor, told ITV News she was ‘worried my son would be the next George Floyd’. The schoolboy, who suffers from asthma, said: ‘I was upset and scared. I thought I was going to die. ‘I was curious because I haven’t done anything wrong and they just stopped me for no reason.’ He has been left mentally scarred by the incident, with doctors saying he suffered bruising to his back. ‘It’s every parent’s worst nightmare,’ Ms Joseph said. ‘It’s the same old story – every black boy fits the description. ‘There’s no excuse for what they did to my son and the excessive force they used on a 14-year-old black boy.’ De-shaun was later released without arrest and the police admitted they had the wrong person. Following an initial review of body-worn camera footage conducted by the Met’s Directorate of Professional Standards, they found that ‘no misconduct is apparent’. A statement from the force added: ‘He was detained for the purposes of a search, at which point he verbally abused officers and became obstructive. ‘Once he was eliminated as a possible suspect, he was given a written record of the stop and search and allowed on his way.’ A public complaint has now been made and will be investigated by the professional standards unit. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.