Beyonce fans are ready to quit their jobs en masse and it might just cause the unemployment rate to skyrocket. Should we be concerned?! Queen Bey pretty much broke the internet with her new song Break My Soul, from her upcoming album Renaissance. Naturally, fans flocked to listen to the song, which is an absolute summer anthem, and happens to include the lyrics: ‘Now, I just fell in love, and I just quit my job, I’m gonna find new drive, damn, they work me so damn hard.’ Later on, guest vocalist Big Freedia sings: ‘Release ya job, release the time.’ Safe to say, plenty of fans are resonating with the lyrics, joking that they’re putting in their notice pronto and we can only hope Bey makes her tour tickets very affordable for us all. ‘Beyoncé telling everyone to ‘Release their jobs’ like inflation isn’t the highest it’s been in 3 decades…and why am I now also contemplating it,’ one wrote. Another said: ‘Gonna quit my job today and tell them Beyonce told me to,’ while one more added: ‘Beyoncé I’m assuming the concert tickets are going to be free since we’re all quitting our jobs.’ Good point, well made. ‘Beyonce just told us to quit her job because it sucks working 9-5 the [Beehive] about to triple the unemployment rate !!! They won’t break my soul !! Release your job #RENAISSENCE,’ another fan said. For the already iconic single, Bey reunited with producers Tricky Stewart and The-Dream, who she previously worked with on Single Ladies, and husband Jay Z is listed among the songwriters for the track. Break My Soul also features Big Freedia as a guest vocalist, with the New Orleans artist revealing just what it meant to appear on Bey’s comeback single. ‘It feels surreal to be on the track with the Queen Beyonce,’ she wrote on social media. ‘Once again I’m so honored to be apart of this special moment. I’m forever grateful lord.’ Renaissance is set for release on July 29, with a source telling Metro.co.uk: ‘She played some of the new records for some friends and the consensus is that it’s her happiest body of work to date. ‘It’s a natural continuation from her last two records because she wrote them out of her desire to find peace in the world and in her marriage. She is in a place where she feels like that is possible, and wrote songs which reflect where she is with her faith as a Christian.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Beyonce put ‘2 years of love’ into new album Renaissance, according to her mum Tina Knowles MORE : What song does Beyonce’s Break My Soul sample? 