An appeals court has upheld Harvey Weinstein’s rape conviction, after the disgraced movie mogul claimed that the judge at his trial prejudiced him. In February 2020, Weinstein, 70, was convicted of a criminal sexual act in the first degree and rape in the third degree. He is serving a 23-year prison sentence in California, having been one of the most powerful individuals in Hollywood before dozens of women came forward with allegations of sexual assault against him. On Thursday June 2, a panel of five judges in an appeals court in New York upheld the original verdict, Associated Press reported. He previously claimed that the judge in his #MeToo trial prejudiced him by allowing women to testify about allegations that weren’t part of the case. ‘We are reviewing all of our options and will seek to petition the court appeals and beyond. We are disappointed, but not surprised,’ said a spokesperson for Weinstein, according to Deadline. Weinstein, who produced films including Shakespeare in Love and Pulp Fiction, is currently awaiting trial on charges that he assaulted five women between 2004 and 2013. Before Weinstein was convicted, he went on trial facing five charges of rape and sexual assault, which he pleaded not guilty to. The jury of seven men and five women found the disgraced media mogul not guilty on the most serious charge of predatory sexual assault, which could have resulted in a life sentence. In July last year, he achieved a partial victory in court in Los Angeles, after his lawyers persuaded a judge to dismiss one of 11 sexual assault charges made against him. The judge agreed to throw out the charge on statute of limitations grounds. Nonetheless, she gave prosecutors the opportunity to amend the indictment and refile it. The same month, his separation from his ex-wife Georgina Chapman was finalised, almost four years after she filed for divorce. Marchesa designer Chapman submitted paperwork to end their 10-year marriage in 2017, with an initial settlement reached the following year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harvey Weinstein branded ‘a real turd’ by actress Sissy Spacek as she recalls ‘unsavoury’ behaviour MORE : Harvey Weinstein apologises to Salma Hayek for ‘making her sad’ after she claims he ‘screamed’ at her 