Ray Liotta’s daughter has praised her late father as the ‘best dad anyone could ask for’. Karsen Liotta, 23, has spoken out for the first time since the Goodfellas actor died in his sleep last month aged 67, and she has thanked her father for ‘everything’ in an emotional social media post. Alongside a picture of them together when she was a child, Karsen – whose mum is Ray’s ex-wife Michelle Grace – wrote on Instagram: ‘Those who knew him, loved him. ‘You are the best Dad anyone could ask for. I love you. Thank you for everything.’ Meanwhile, Ray’s fiancée Jacy Nittolo recently paid tribute to her late significant other following his death. Jacy – who got engaged to the movie star in December 2020 – wrote on Instagram: ‘My life these past couple of years have been nothing but truly magical. Ray and I share a deep love that I will cherish in my heart forever. ‘We laughed daily and we were inseparable. The chemistry was wild in the best way. He was everything in the world to me and we couldn’t get enough of each other. ‘The kind of real love that one dreams of. He was the most beautiful person inside and out that I’ve ever known…and even that is an understatement. (sic)’ Legendary director Martin Scorsese – who helmed Goodfellas, in which Ray portrayed mobster Henry Hill – has also paid tribute to the Hollywood star. He said: ‘Playing Henry Hill in Goodfellas was a tall order, because the character had so many different facets, so many complicated layers, and Ray was in almost every scene of a long, tough shoot. ‘He absolutely amazed me, and I’ll always be proud of the work we did together on that picture. My heart goes out to his loved ones, and it aches for his loss, way too early.’ Fans have been moved after Liotta’s final on-screen performance was unveiled with the trailer release of Apple TV Plus series Black Bird. ‘I can’t see trailer of Black Bird tv series because I can’t bear… Ray Liotta loss. I’ll have courage within time,’ one person wrote. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Martin Scorsese recalls powerful moment he knew Goodfellas’ Ray Liotta was his Henry Hill and reflects on actor’s ‘extraordinary’ talents MORE : Ray Liotta to be honoured in New Jersey hometown after his death at 67 