A woman who was strapped to a stretcher for a mental health check managed to take out a gun hidden under her dress and fire it inside a hospital emergency room. Glendar Johnson-Jackson, 65, was arrested on Tuesday after allegedly creating a disturbance at a business and was transported to HCA Healthcare Conroe in Texas for an evaluation, ABC 13 reported. Johnson-Jackson’s arms and legs were tied down on the gurney in the hospital hallway, but she was still able to reach a small-caliber gun she had stashed in a waistband-style holster under her dress, according to police. She fired two rounds before an emergency worker wrestled the gun away from her. ‘One of the HCEC EMS attendants took immediate action and disarmed (Johnson-Jackson),’ stated the Conroe Police Department. Conroe Police Chief Jeff Christy commended the emergency responder ‘that took quick, decisive, and heroic action in disarming Jackson as she discharged the gun’. ‘His actions likely saved innocent lives,’ according to Christy. Police initially responded to a report of an active shooter at the hospital at 504 Medical Center Drive shortly after 11.45am. When cops arrived, the scene was already secure. Johnson-Jackson has been charged with felony deadly conduct and a misdemeanor count of unlawfully carrying a weapon in a prohibited place, Montgomery County jail records show. She was cleared by the hospital and booked into the county jail. In a statement, the hospital said it was aware of the incident. ‘There were no injuries sustained,’ stated hospital officials. ‘We are committed to high-quality care and maintaining patient and colleague safety.’ The Harris County Sheriff’s Office is heading an investigation into how Johnson-Jackson was let into the hospital with a gun concealed after being arrested. The Office of the Inspector General has also launched an investigation into its personnel’s actions at the time of the initial call. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.