Laura Whitmore’s schedule has picked up again with the return of Love Island, but she managed to spend some quality time with her daughter. The TV presenter returned to screens this week with the launch of the new series of ITV2’s hit dating programme, which she fronts. When she wasn’t strutting in the villa to shake up the competition for the new islanders, Laura, 37, was entertaining her one-year-old daughter Stevie who she typically keeps out of the spotlight. In sweet photos on her Instagram, the presenter gave followers a rare look at her child, who she shares with husband and Love Island narrator Iain Stirling. With the sunny skies of Majorca behind her, Laura is seen carrying the toddler in her arms and looking down at her lovingly, with the tot dressed in a bucket hat, floral T-shirt and leggings. It’s not long before Stevie becomes inquisitive and she’s seen bending down and picking something off the floor as Laura cautiously watches on. ‘Work hard, play hard, love hard #goldenhour,’ Laura captioned the post, no doubt referring to her juggling being a working mum. She and Iain, 34, welcomed Stevie in early 2021, with the presenter confirming she had given birth in April. Laura recently opened up about how she found the balance between breastfeeding while hosting Love Island as a new mum last year. ‘I remember getting mastitis. The day we were doing the first show of the coupling up I had mastitis, so I had a fever,’ she said on Angela Scanlon’s Thanks a Million podcast in April. ‘I had great big hard boobs, one bigger than the other. In one way though, it kind of took away the pressure, there was other things I was worrying about rather than the telly side. ‘But yeah, it was hard. It was work and it was full on because you’re balancing everything.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island fans spot fishmonger Luca Bish wearing fish shoes – and we have to applaud him for his bold fashion choice MORE : Love Island episode 3 review: Dry drama and uneven focus partially saved by British sense of fair play for Liam Llewellyn 