A man who beat a complete stranger over the head with two fire extinguishers more than 50 times has been jailed for the ‘inhuman’ killing. Abel Berhany, 23, tortured chauffeur Abraham Haile, 56, to death at City Slots gambling arcade in Camden, north London, on July 28, 2020. Berhany paused for a cigarette before continuing to rain blows on Mr Haile, who was ‘in the wrong place at the wrong time’. He then rammed a broom handle into the victim’s mouth, using a fire extinguisher to force the handle further into his throat. Berhany kicked, stamped or jumped on Mr Haile’s head or upper body a total of 99 times, the Old Bailey heard. He also used a pen to draw on the victim’s neck and poured bleach over his body during the 16-minute-long ordeal. Berhany, an Eritrean national, told police he was tortured in Libya before he was granted asylum in Britain. He was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder and undiagnosed paranoid schizophrenia at the time of the attack. He pleaded guilty to manslaughter and was jailed for life with a minimum 18-year term on Friday. Sentencing, Judge Martin Picton said Berhany, from Leyton, east London, was ‘re-enacting’ the violence he had endured in the past. But he said the defendant’s actions ‘simply beggar belief’. ‘The defendant’s treatment of Mr Haile was cruel, heartless and inhuman. ‘The defendant was entirely remorseless in his desire to inflict as much pain and indignity as he could. ‘Abraham Haile lost his life in the most awful of circumstances. ‘His family and those who loved him will never recover from the impact of this senseless tragedy. They will be left wondering why him and why did no-one save him??’ There was a ‘significant’ risk of Berhany committing further offences in the future and he may never be considered safe for release, the judge added. Customers and staff at the arcade fled after Berhany launched the attack but locked him inside until the police arrived. Mr Haile was found inside and pronounced dead at the scene. Berhany underwent a number of psychiatric assessments and it was initially concluded he did not have a defence of diminished responsibility. A trial began on June 6, when new information came to light and a plea of manslaughter was accepted. However, Mr Haile’s family said they did not believe the manslaughter verdict was justified and described it as a ‘questionable defence to lessen (Berhany’s) guilt’. The victim’s brother, Solomon, said in a statement: ‘We will never forgive him for what he has put us through. ‘Words cannot express some of the emotions we have felt thinking about what Abraham went through.’ Speaking after the sentencing, Detective Inspector Okikiola Okunola said: ‘This was a highly violent incident, the harrowing details of which were recounted in court in the presence of the victim’s loved ones. ‘The judge in this case praised Mr Haile’s family for their dignity throughout the proceedings and also praised officers for their contributions to the investigation. ‘I wholeheartedly agree with his comments and my thoughts are with Mr Haile’s family today.’