Megan Barton Hanson shot to fame on Love Island in 2018 and has since kept the country inspired and informed with her sex positive attitude. The 28-year-old has talked openly and confidently about her stripping days, her OnlyFans, and her sexuality, so it was only right that we sought her advice. So today, the bisexual reality star and podcast host is Metro.co.uk’s very own agony aunt, and she’s here to answer an LGBTQ+ sex-related question. Dear Megan, My girlfriend and I have been in a relationship now for about three months and we’re wanting to spice up our sex life. We’re really keen to try out sex toys and finding a strap-on that works for us. What is the best way to go about doing this? It’s so important to have communication with your partner. I think people take sex way too seriously and they don’t have a laugh. It is so endearing and you’ll just be so much more relaxed if you have an open conversation with your partner. I remember going into it and having my first experience with girls, I didn’t want to be like “Oh, I’ve never done this before” and there’s that whole stigma of being a bisexual woman that you’re just being with a woman for an experiment and you kind of have to justify yourself. Honestly, I think honesty is the best policy and it’s just going to be more relaxing. You’re going to have a better time, you’re going to have a better orgasm, you’re going to have better sex if you’re honest and you communicate with each other. It can be overwhelming especially if you and your partner haven’t used a strap-on before – the options are endless. Personally, I just waltzed into a sex shop in LA and asked the assistant, but I know this isn’t for everyone and even I felt a little bit embarrassed that I didn’t know what every strap-on had to offer. But, upon research, my suggestion would be start with a training kit. This comes with a strap-on harness and four different sized attachments. I think curved is better if you want to be close to your partner and you enjoy the missionary position or scissoring and closed positions. The straight ones are great if you want to take charge and ride your girlfriend like a rodeo cowboy. You can really build up your whole collection. There are ones that vibrate, ones with little bunny ears to stimulate your clit, there are even ones that squirt, if that floats your boat. If you’re too shy to go into stores, there are loads of different discreet websites that have plenty of options. One that I used to love ordering from is called Bondara, and it’s really good. They have loads of different options and it’s affordable. I know if you’re trying out and you might use it once or twice you don’t want to spend a fortune on it. You don’t have to make it feel uncomfortable. You don’t have to be there in the bedroom with the strap-on next to you and you both looking awkwardly. Maybe do some sexting during the day and slip into conversation “PS, I’ve never done that before”. I think sexting and talking about what you want to do is a real turn on, especially if you want to spice things up in a relationship because in relationships, people do get stuck in the same routine of sex and they know what their partner likes, it’s kind of like a dance routine to get to the end result quickly. You should enjoy the build-up and enjoy different things. I always love sex toy shopping with a new girlfriend.  