Billi Mucklow and new husband Andy Carroll looked completely smitten in their first wedding photo after tying the knot. The longtime couple got married in a lavish Hampshire ceremony on Sunday after nine years of dating. Many wondered whether Towie star Billi would go ahead with the nuptials after Andy was pictured on a bed with another woman during his stag do in Dubai. However, the two said their vows in a private ceremony at the plush Four Seasons hotel. Hours after the ceremony, Andy, 33, posted the first wedding photo showing him and Billi, 34, sharing their first kiss as husband and wife. The bride wore a cream off-shoulder dress with puffed sleeves and her hair worn down in curls with a small quiff on the top, while the groom looked dapper in a tuxedo and bowtie while his long hair was tied into a man bun. With Billi holding a bouquet of flowers, they kissed against a flower wall on the grounds of the 500-acre hotel. ‘05-06-2022 ❤️ @billimucklow,’ Andy captioned the photo. According to the Mail Online, the nuptials kicked off at 3pm with a live singer serenading the lovebirds, while guests sat under a gazebo to keep dry amid the rainy weather. Cheers were heard as the couple were named husband and wife, and guests celebrated with champagne. Among those in attendance were Billi and Andy’s children, Arlo, six, Wolf, four, and 21-month old daughter Marvel Mae, and the former footballer’s children Emilie Rose, 12, and Lucas, 11, from a previous relationship. The wedding was shrouded in uncertainty after ex-Newcastle United player Andy was pictured lying on a bed passed out beside a woman during his stag week in Dubai just two weeks before the ceremony. The woman, who later identified herself as Taylor Jane Wilkey, later insisted ‘nothing sexual’ happened between them and described Andy and his friends as ‘gentlemen’. ‘It was all just a bit of entirely innocent fun. I didn’t sleep with him, it wasn’t like that, there was three of us in the room,’ she told The Sun, adding that she hoped Billi would forgive him. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Billi Mucklow and Andy Carroll married in lavish Hampshire ceremony after footballer was pictured with woman on bed at stag do MORE : Andy Carroll ‘bans groomsmen from talking about Dubai stag do’ as he prepares to marry Billi Mucklow 