In a first, scientists have discovered evidence of microplastics in freshly fallen Antarctic snow. A new study published today has revealed that microplastics — plastic pieces much smaller than a grain of rice — have made their way into the relatively untouched continent of Antarctica. PhD student Alex Aves from the University of Canterbury found the microplastics in snow samples collected from the Ross Ice Shelf in Antarctica in late 2019. While microplastics have been found in water, food, dust and even the air, it’s the first time the particles have been found in Antarctica showing the extent of pollution. In addition to more remote sites, Aves collected snow off the Scott Base and McMurdo Station roadways in Antarctica so she’d have at least some microplastics to study. Once back in the lab, it quickly became obvious there were plastic particles in every sample from the remote sites on the Ross Ice Shelf too. Aves, who recently graduated with a Master of Antarctic Studies degree, said she was shocked by her findings. ‘It’s incredibly sad but finding microplastics in fresh Antarctic snow highlights the extent of plastic pollution into even the most remote regions of the world,’ she said. ‘We collected snow samples from 19 sites across the Ross Island region of Antarctica and found microplastics in all of these,’ Aves analysed snow samples using a chemical analysis technique to identify the type of plastic particles present. The plastic particles were also looked at under a microscope to identify their colour, size and shape. An average of 29 microplastic particles was found per litre of melted snow, which is higher than marine concentrations reported previously from the surrounding Ross Sea and in Antarctic sea ice. Immediately next to the scientific bases on Ross Island, Scott Base, and McMurdo Station, the largest station in Antarctica, the density of microplastics was nearly 3-times higher, with similar concentrations to those found in Italian glacier debris. There were 13 different types of plastic found, with the most common being PET, commonly used to make soft drink bottles and clothing. The possible sources of microplastics were examined. Atmospheric modelling suggested the microplastics may have travelled thousands of kilometres through the air, however it is equally likely the presence of humans in Antarctica has established a microplastic ‘footprint’, the researchers say. The research was published in The Cryosphere journal to bring to light the serious threat to the Antarctic. Antarctica New Zealand environmental advisor Natasha Gardiner has described this research as ‘of huge value’. ‘It improves our understanding of the extent of plastic pollution near to Scott Base and where it’s coming from. We can use this information to reduce plastic pollution at its source and inform our broader environmental management practices,’ This research project is also being used to inform policy at the international level, with the findings submitted to the forthcoming Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meeting, a group of twelve nations including the UK and US meeting to exchange information and consult together on matters of common interest about Antarctica. Researchers have been studying the impact of microplastics on people and found that it can affect immunity, the ability to fight infections, reproductive capacity and potentially cause cancer. In March, scientists discovered microplastics in human blood for the first time. On a wider scale, the presence of microplastic particles in the air has the potential to influence the climate by accelerating the melting of snow and ice. MORE : What are microplastics and are they harmful? MORE : Microplastics found in human blood for the first time