Britain’s heatwave is set to peak today with sizzling temperatures of up to 34°C on what has been dubbed ‘fiery Friday’. The Met Office said London and potentially some places in East Anglia are most likely to reach this high, making it the hottest day of the year for the third day in a row. It’s not just the south where it will be scorching. The mercury is set to reach 27-30°C across most of England and Wales, making the UK on par with Ibiza and Cyprus and hotter than tropical destinations like Costa Rica and the Maldives. It comes after a high of 29.5°C  was recorded at Northolt in west London on Thursday, surpassing the  high of 28.2°C recorded at Kew Gardens on Wednesday. The hot weather coincides with the Royal Ascot races, and in a change designed to tackle the soaring heat, men will be allowed to take their jackets and ties off for the first time. Organisers have also said visitors will be able to bring in water and soft drinks for the first time. While the sizzling temperatures might feel like a bit too much to bare at times, sunseekers may want to make the most of the good weather as from tomorrow, rain and clouds are predicted. But if you do plan on spending Friday working from home in your garden remember to put on suncream so you don’t end up like this bloke. Consumer watchdog Which? warned against expensive mineral-based suncreams after an investigation found they failed to provide the level of protection claimed on their packaging. Natalie Hitchins, Which? head of home products and services, said: ‘Our advice is don’t waste your money or take any unnecessary risks – stick to a tried and tested and reliable suncream. ‘We’ve found plenty of highly effective, cheap sunscreens available on the high street so there’s no need to splash out to keep you and your loved ones safe in the sun.’ As a result of the hot weather, a heat health alert has been issued across much of the country. This acts as an early warning system to highlight periods of high temperatures, which may affect the health of the public. People are being urged to check in on vulnerable relatives and neighbours. Meanwhile, firefighters are warning that there is an increased risk of fires due to the heatwave. London Fire Brigade (LFB) said it has already attended more than 1,430 grass and open land fires across the city this year, including hundreds in domestic gardens. The Brigade’s assistant commissioner for fire safety, Charlie Pugsley, asked people to carefully consider where they host their summer barbecues. He said: ‘We want people to enjoy the glorious weather and do so safely. ‘Barbecuing on dry grass is reckless and can easily cause a really serious fire – damaging the immediate area and risking nearby properties. ‘We’re also urging people to think twice about having barbecues on balconies. ‘It’s easier than you might think for a balcony fire to spread to others, which could not only leave you homeless but displace hundreds of your neighbours too.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.