Naomi Osaka and Eugenie Bouchard will not compete at Wimbledon 2022 as the row over ranking points rages on. Former world No 1 Osaka – a four-time major winner – and Bouchard, who reached the women’s singles Championship match at SW19 in 2014, both cited the WTA’s decision to strip Wimbledon of its ranking points as reasons why they will not be competing at the world-famous tournament. The WTA, along with the ATP, made the call after Wimbledon decided to ban Russian and Beleruian players from this year’s event due to the ongoing war in Ukraine, meaning players such as world No 5 Aryna Sabalenka are not able to play. Both women are also struggling with injury, which has contributed to their decisions not to participate, with Osaka suffering an Achilles problem and Bouchard having shoulder surgery. Osaka caused a stir with her recent comments about Wimbledon, labeling this year’s Championships an ‘exhibition’ – which prompted an angry Twitter rant from former men’s world No 1 and Great British hero Andy Murray. ‘I’m not sure why, but if I play Wimbledon without points, it’s more like an exhibition,’ the Japanese 24-year-old said. ‘I know this isn’t true, right? But my brain just like feels that way. I just can’t go at it 100 per cent.’ Two-time men’s singles champion Murray then wrote on Twitter: ‘I follow golf very closely and have no idea how many ranking points the winner of The Masters gets. ‘Me and my friends love football and none of us know or care how many ranking points a team gets for winning the World Cup. ‘But I could tell you exactly who won the World Cup and the Masters. I’d hazard a guess that most people watching on centre court at Wimbledon in a few weeks time wouldn’t know or care about how many ranking points a player gets for winning a third round match. ‘But I guarantee they will remember who wins. Wimbledon will never be an exhibition and will never feel like an exhibition. The end.’ Meanwhile, Canadian 28-year-old Bouchard confirmed her withdrawal on Twitter, posting: ‘I have decided to withdraw from Wimbledon due to the WTA’s decision to not award ranking points at this year’s Championships. ‘Due to my shoulder surgery, I get a limited number of PR entries. As much as I love Wimbledon and skipping it makes me sad, using a PR entry at a tournament with no ranking points doesn’t make sense.’ MORE : Rafael Nadal set for Wimbledon return after three years MORE : Rafael Nadal’s uncle Toni provides injury update on Spanish star ahead of Wimbledon For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 