The Bank Holiday weekend is here – and what better time is there to plan in a solo sex session? To help you in this important task, the good people over at Lovehoney have launched a bonanza Jubilee sale, with a minimum of 20% off absolutely everything. Note that ‘minimum of’ bit – that means there are bigger discounts to be had, such as 40% off some of the best sex toys around. You could have a browse through all the bits on offer, but to save you the faff, we’ve rounded up our pick of the best deals and products available. Here’s what we’d recommend buying. Trust us: you need a classic wand vibrator in your arsenal. Bonus: you can genuinely use this as a massager. Next time you’ve got tense shoulders from being hunched over a computer all day, use this on your shoulders. Then go have an orgasm, because that helps, too. Buy now for £47.99, down from £59.99 A pre-lubricated male masturbator with air pockets and texture for maximum pleasure. Buy now for £15.99, down from £19.99 In the market for a butt plug? You might as well get one when it’s 20% off. Buy now for £7.99, down from £9.99 We’re big fans of anything by Lelo, because their stuff just works. This one is a multisensory rechargeable clitoral vibrator with eight vibrations and four hours of playtime on a single charge. Check that contoured shape – that’s a big part of why the magic happens. Buy now for £103.99, down from £129.99 A rabbit is a classic for a reason, and this one is well worth picking up. It’s 100% waterproof (bathtime, then?), has a rotating shaft, and its 10 functions deliver heavenly clitoral and penetrative pleasure. Buy now for £27.99, down from £34.99 Delivering super powerful clitoral suction with pulsing sensations and six intensity levels, this is a must-have for the next time you want earth-shaking pleasure. Buy now for £27.99, down from £34.99 Okay, so we know we said the Bank Holiday weekend is all about self-love, but if you do happen to have a buddy hanging out with you, this is a great buy. Fit on over a penis for vibrating stimulation for you both and longer. Buy now for £43.99, down from £54.99 An eco-friendly vibrator so you can masturbate without worrying about wrecking the environment? A win in our books. Four speeds, six vibration patterns, and a sleek design, even better. Buy now for £71.99, down from £89.99 Another one for couples, here’s a harness, dildo, and vibrator for all kinds of strap-on fun. Buy now for £62.99, down from £89.99 Quiet but powerful vibrations delivered to your clit and G-spot, with a ‘climax function’ to immediately bring the toy to full power? Yes, please. The wireless remote allows for easy control by you or a partner. Buy now for £63.99, down from £79.99 Sure, this curved glass double-ended dildo feels good, but it also looks so good it’ll easily be mistaken as an art piece. Try popping it in the fridge before playing for added sensation. Buy now for £23.99, down from £29.99 You can never have too many vibrating bullets, and this is a solid option, with three speeds and seven vibration patterns. Buy now for £19.99, down from £24.99 Looks like a strange dentalcare tool, is in fact a dreamy clitoral stimulator with clever rotational action. Buy now for £79.99, down from £99.99 A monster seven-inch dildo has no business looking this cute, but here you go. Buy now for £27.99, down from £34.99 This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. MORE : How to have a better orgasm – according to an expert MORE : Answers to the questions you were too afraid to ask about male masturbation MORE : Sexpert tips for women to upgrade your masturbation sessions