Rod Stewart says the BBC ‘made’ him sing Sweet Caroline for his Platinum Jubilee performance. The musician performed in front of 22,000 people who had packed into the grounds of Buckingham Palace and the Mall to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II’s 70 years on the throne. However audiences were surprised that the rocker, who has a multitude of iconic songs in his back catalogue, finished his set with Sweet Caroline – a song by Neil Diamond. It seems Sir Rod himself may have been just as confused, as before he launched into the track he told the crowds: ‘The BBC made me sing this one.’ He urged those present to ‘join in, make it comfortable for me’ before starting the iconic song. In recent years, Sweet Caroline has become an anthem of sorts for Rangers FC – which are, of course, massive rivals of Sir Rod’s favourites, Celtic. It would have been some sight for fellow Celtic fans to see the Celtic-mad musician playing the anthem or the rival team. Maybe Sir Rod lost a bet, owed someone a favour or thought it was just all in good fun, but the ‘make it comfortable for me’ quip makes a bit more sense. Rangers’ Sweet Caroline association began in 2021, thanks to a now-classic interview with boss Steven Gerrard. He himself had been sent off the pitch by the referee for a foul-mouthed rant after Alfredo Morelos was booked for diving – but the team went on to win 1-0. In the post-match interview, Steven said Alfredo had ‘scored the winner and he’s dancing around there with no top on to Sweet Caroline so he’s fine.’ As well as Sir Rod, audiences were treated to performances by the likes of Eurovision’s Sam Ryder, who was compared to Freddie Mercury for his incredibe vocal talents. Some of the West End’s most iconic musicals also put on a show, with performances from the cast of Hamilton, Six, and The Lion King. There have been opera renditions, raps, commentary and comedy, with one particular highlight seeing the Queen teaming up with none other than Paddington Bear for a sketch. Also featured was a pre-recorded performance from Sir Elton John, while stars including Sir David Attenborough, David Beckham, Stephen Fry and Dame Julie Andrews also appeared. The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee concert is airing on BBC One and will be available to watch on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : George Ezra leaves out ‘day that I die’ lyrics from song at Queen’s Platinum Jubilee concert and it doesn’t go unnoticed MORE : Prince Charles pays moving tribute to ‘Mummy’ for ‘lifetime of selfless service’ 