Someone in the UK who played the Euromillions last week has become a multimillionaire many times over – but they don’t know it yet. People who bought their tickets in a shop have been urged to check their numbers in case they were the one to win the jackpot. The winning ticket holder is yet to claim their £54,957,242.50 jackpot prize from the draw on June 10. At this stage, all that has been revealed is that the winner, who matched all five main numbers and the two Lucky Star numbers, bought their EuroMillions ticket in retail. The numbers were 17, 26, 36, 37 and 40 with the Lucky Stars 09 and 12. As with all major prizes of £50,000 and above from tickets bought in a shop, if no valid claim has been received by two weeks after the draw, the area in which the ticket was purchased will be released. This time delay is designed to encourage tickets to be checked but also to enable the ticket-holder to remain anonymous if they wish. National Lottery winners’ adviser Andy Carter said: ‘It’s just under a week since the draw, but we’re urging all EuroMillions players to check their tickets to be in with a chance of claiming this massive £54.9M EuroMillions jackpot prize. ‘This is a truly life-changing EuroMillions win for one lucky ticket-holder and we’re hoping that they will now come forward and claim their amazing prize. ‘Imagine the possibilities with millions sitting in your bank account – a once-in-a-lifetime holiday or two, a dream pad, a dream set of wheels and treating your nearest and dearest, and so much more!’ With all National Lottery draws, players have 180 days from the day of the draw to claim their prize if they have the winning ticket. Anyone who believes they have a winning ticket should call the National Lottery Line on 0333 234 5050 or email help@national-lottery.co.uk For those who didn’t win (or for those who did, if they’re feeling greedy), there is another huge jackpot of around £111 million up for grabs tomorrow. So far in 2022, as well as the unclaimed prize from last week, an anonymous UK winner has claimed £109 million from the draw on 4 February, followed by the biggest-ever National Lottery win of £184M by Joe and Jess Thwaite from Cheltenham in the draw on May 10. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.