Love Island spoilers have revealed that Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu still has feelings for Davide Sanclimenti and will open up in Monday night’s episode. The 27-year-old actress has had quite the rollercoaster romance with the Italian stallion so far with the pair recently getting their flirt back on by the fire pit during Sunday night’s instalment, days after explosively parting ways. However, it looks like the pair could be about to give viewers an enemies-to-lovers storyline as Ekin-Su admits she’s not quite over the businessman. All becomes clear when Dami Hope quizzes Ekin-Su in the kitchen on her previous flames Jay Younger and Davide in scenes due to air this evening. Ekin-Su admits: ‘I’ll be honest with you, I don’t know what it is, but there is some sort of chemistry with Davide. Every time we’re together, it’s weird, something happens.’ ‘You probably had better chemistry with Davide then, no?’ Dami replies. ‘Than what you had with Jay but obviously Jay just gave you the things that you want.’ Ekin-Su agrees: ‘The things that Davide never did because it was too early. But maybe if I had waited it could’ve worked…I keep thinking that, but it’s too late now.’ Is it too late for Ekin-Su and Davide, or can the spark be reignited? For those struggling to keep up with the drama, the actress was previously coupled up with Davide and all seemed to be going well until he stopped making her coffee in the morning. Then Jay’s arrival to the villa threw another spanner in the works. Ekin-Su was immediately attracted to Jay and it wasn’t long before she was crawling to the terrace to sneak kisses with him out of sight from their fellow islanders. Eventually, Davide cottoned onto the pair and all hell broke lose as he branded Ekin-Su a ‘liar’ and an ‘actress’. But, can their romance be repaired? Love Island airs tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 