Nicola Peltz Beckham married her ‘best friend’ Brooklyn Beckham in a lavish ceremony back in April, and it seems she’s still on cloud nine. The American model and actress wed the son of David Beckham and Victoria Beckham in a fancy £3million ceremony at her family estate in Florida, complete with a Valentino gown and Spice Girls on the guest list. Brooklyn and Nicola – who took each other’s surnames – haven’t been shy about expressing their love for one another or packing on the PDA since getting together in 2019. Now, the 27-year-old – whose father is billionaire Nelson Peltz – has poured her heart out once again about what it was like to wed her favourite person, in a high-fashion cover for Tatler magazine. Reflecting on their special day with the publication, she remembered it as ‘the best day’, saying: ‘I just kept thinking, “I’m marrying my best friend”. And that’s all that matters.’ Nicola also offered an insight into Brooklyn’s diverse career, since’s he’s dabbled in photography and has now taken to cooking, confessing that the 23-year-old felt ‘a lot of pressure to please people with his career and he didn’t love it’. But, he’s ‘in heaven’ when filming Cookin’ with Brooklyn as she added: ‘Ever since the pandemic, all he’s wanted to talk about is being in the kitchen, so I just started filming him one day. I said, “This is what you love”.’ While there have been rumours of friction between Nicola and fashion designer mother-in-law Victoria, it seems her new hubby is getting along swimmingly with his father-in-law, who is the chairman of the board of directors of Wendy’s Company. She said Brooklyn turns to her father when he wants advice on business: ‘Brooklyn is getting into very exciting things with his shows and also business things and it’s really sweet. I watch him call my dad and say, “What do you think about this?” I love watching him learn from my dad.’ Despite Brooklyn’s roots being on UK soil, the couple spend much of their time across the pond, and Nicola plans for it to stay that way, with no plans for the pair to set up home in London permanently. ‘I would say no, but you never know. Just because I love knowing I am so close to my family,’ she told the mag when asked if she might one day live in the capital with her English husband. Elsewhere in her chat with Tatler, Nicola gave us the scoop on some of the big names who attended her wedding, revealing that tennis legends Venus and Serena Williams were invited by her mother – Claudia Heffner Peltz – despite not being close family friends: She laughed that it was ‘so random’ for them to be in attendance, after her mother ran into the sisters at a charity event and just asked if they fancied an invite. ‘It’s so incredible – those women are the most beautiful, successful icons ever,’ Nicola praised. It seems she’s settling into married life just nicely and her and Brooklyn – who has his wedding vows tattooed onto his skin – are still very much in the honeymoon phase. The tatt reportedly reads: ‘Nicola when you walked down the aisle you took my breath away you look so beautiful tonight and always. Let me start by saying that words cannot even describe my love for you just looking at you I see my future and it feels like a dream. ‘You are my world and I continue to fall more in love with you every single day. ‘Having you in my life is the best thing that has ever happened to me as you have made me become the man I am today.’ Brooklyn continues to call himself the ‘luckiest man in the world’ and a pledge to ‘be the best partner.’ The August issue of Tatler is available on newsstands and via digital download on Thursday 30th June. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : David Beckham a man of the people as he poses for selfies with fans during suave day at Goodwood Festival of Speed MORE : Laura Whitmore catches helicopter to Glastonbury for delayed hen do – one way to get around the train strikes, we suppose 