Sam Fox has officially tied the knot with her partner Linda Olsen! Rain couldn’t dampen the former Page 3 model’s spirits, as she headed to the lavish ceremony in Epping Forest, Essex on Friday. Sam, 56, stunned in a strapless gown, which featured sparkly detailing, and a veil, pairing her wedding day look with some gorgeous silver wedged heels. She also clutched a beautiful bouquet of pink roses. She arrived at the venue in a white taxi decorated with pink ribbons, with a number plate reading: ‘Sam and Linda are getting married, 18th June 2022’. The former popstar and glamour model was helped into the venue by various people sheltering her under umbrellas and holding up her train, as she prepared for the big day. Sam’s now-wife Linda, who generally stays out of the spotlight, also looked absolutely gorgeous for the big day, in a stunning bridal gown and long veil. She was also sheltered under umbrellas as she headed into the venue. The pair’s bridesmaids could also be seen arriving, looking beautiful in blush pink gowns. The couple are sure to be celebrating in a big way, after they were forced to postpone their nuptials due to the Covid-19 pandemic. The happy couple got engaged in March 2020, with a rep for the star saying at the time: ‘Sam and Linda are so happy together and want to spend the rest of their lives together. They’re so in love and want to make it official.’ They’d been together for four years when they got engaged, starting their relationship in 2016. Sam opened up about her relationship in the Celebrity Big Brother house in 2016, saying of her partner: ‘She’s not in the [entertainment] business which is wonderful’. She also told housemates Marnie Simpson and Katie Waissel: ‘I’ve now [fallen] in love with another woman. ‘I met somebody a couple of months ago and I’m very happy. As you get older life goes so quick,” she added. The beginning of their relationship came year after Sam’s previous partner of 16 years, Myra Stratton, died of cancer in 2015. Sam came out publicly in 2003, when she confirmed her relationship with Stratton. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sam Fox faces backlash after defending The Sun’s Page 3: ‘It was never risqué’ MORE : Sam Fox battling cancer scare after finding lump in throat ahead of wedding with fiancee Linda Olsen: ‘I’ve cried a lot’ 