The dad of a 15-year-old murdered in a horror ‘Snapchat stabbing’ sent the boy’s mum a ‘distressing’ picture of him holding their son’s hand in his coffin, a court has been told. Schoolboy Reece Tansey was attacked by James White, while accomplice Mark Nuttall watched on, in Bolton last year. The teenager staggered to a nearby property where he used his dying breath to identify his killers’ names. White and Nuttall were later jailed following the murder. Reece’s father, Ian Nice, has now appeared in court in relation to threats made against his son’s mother, Laura Tansey. Bolton Magistrates Court heard how the 45-year-old trashed her car, shouted abuse and even changed his WhatsApp picture to a naked photo of the ex. Nice wept in the dock as the court heard of their ‘nuclear fall-out’ against a ‘tragic background’. Richard Blackburn, prosecuting, told magistrates: ‘Their son Reece was murdered in 2021 and the defendant, at some time, has laid blame for that on the complainant, his former partner.’ Magistrates heard that on January 10 this year Nice came across his ex-partner of 18 years as she was eating breakfast with a friend in a cafe in Bolton town centre. He approached their table, hurled abuse at her and shouted that she was the one who ‘killed our Reece’. The following day Laura drove to visit a friend and found her Vauxhall Cora covered in a white substance, which dissolved the paint and caused £2,000 of damage. CCTV showed Nice nearby and he later admitted throwing liquid at the vehicle, claiming he had used a conditioner in a bottle which he found in his shed. Then on January 13 Nice changed his WhatsApp profile using a naked image of Ms Tansey which she had previously sent to him some time ago. Mr Blackburn said: ‘She received a message from the defendant and was very distressed at finding that this intimate photograph had found its way onto that platform. ‘All contacts in his phone could have seen this image. The defendant said he had done this as he was not thinking right. ‘He also admitted that he had sent the victim a picture of him holding their deceased son’s hand whilst he was in a coffin, via WhatsApp, that the complainant had not asked to see this photograph and that she would have found this photograph distressing.’ The court heard that Nice had previous convictions including spending 15 weeks in jail for assault in 2019 and robbery in 2006 when he was jailed for 21 months. Since his arrest in January, Nice has been subject to a curfew which prevented him working in traffic management. But magistrates agreed to lift the curfew prior to his sentencing after hearing that there have been no further incidents. A GPS tag which prevents Nice from going near Laura’s home will remain. From the dock, Nice told magistrates: ‘I just want to say apologies that I am here today facing these offences.’ He admitted disclosing private sexual images, criminal damage and using threatening or abusive behaviour and will be sentenced at Bolton Crown Court on July 20. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.