Rosé is summer in a glass, let’s face it. The pale pigment, the delicate flavours chilled to perfection, it doesn’t get better than that. Now, all we need is a pool, an ice bucket and a Lilo. Assuming this heatwave we’ve been hearing about actually arrives, we’ve rounded up ten of the most refreshing rosés on the market. Even if we end up sipping them under a tarpaulin, we’ll be living the summer dream of drinking a delicious pink in the great British outdoors. Check out our full selection of picks below. You know the Jolie-Pitt’s rosé, Miraval? Well, it’s technically just Pitt’s now, made by the same Perrin family who make this wine. That’s nothing new to a lot of you, as this hugely popular rosé at an indecently low price is no doubt on your radar. The Perrins are one of the Rhône Valley’s biggest vineyard owners, so this watermelon slice of a rosé should be a summer staple. Buy it for £6.50 (save £1) from Waitrose. If sauvignon blanc is your gateway grape, then this is this your next step. Mainly sauvignon with a dash of pinot noir, this is a tropical fruit bowl of guava and passionfruit, harbouring an unexpected pop of blood orange. There’s an initial ‘is it white, is it rosé’ moment of adjustment, but it’s worth it, as this could be the missing link for anyone on the fence over rosé. £7.50 (save £1.50), from Ocado. A rosé from Rioja doesn’t feel like a go-to option, given 86 per cent of the region’s production is red. Heavy styles of vino won’t do for summer so, luckily, modern iterations of pink are on the up over there. That said, this bottle harks back to the Clarete style of rosé, made by blending red and white grapes together, more specifically Garnacha and Viura for a lighter, orange-hued, citrus-blossomy take on a rosé. Buy it for £8 from Tesco. When the man behind Cloudy Bay makes a rosé with his daughter, you buy it,no questions asked. Fine, they collaborated on the winemaking with Bordeaux’s Producta Vignobles, but still. Uniquely, this pink is made from Bordeaux old-timer grape, cabernet franc, the daddy of cabernet sauvignon, carmenère and merlot. We’re talking flavours of apricots dunked in rose water with a twist of tomatillo, in a delicious way, alongside a slew of cherry and cranberry notes. Buy it for £8.50 from Co-op. Trust Abel & Cole to sell a wine with pristine eco credentials. Valladolid-based Bodegas Peñascal is one of Spain’s most important wineries, which has whipped up this award-winning, lip-smackingly dry and delectable summer sipper. Organically made in a certified carbon neutral winery from 100% tempranillo, and it’s generous, donating 10% of profits to support marine coral and ecosystems. It’s not preachy, but the wine is peachy. Sorry, but that’s a mic-drop strapline, you’re welcome. Buy it for £10.49 from Abel & Cole. I really need to stop writing about Chateau d’Esclans, the producer behind Whispering Angel, it’s becoming a slight obsession. I blame it on Sacha Lichine, the man behind the bottles, for producing evermore iterations of his fine Provençale pink, which all seem to speak to me in fluent ‘rosé’. In this case, grapes are grown in the lesser-known Vin de Pays du Var value-packed sub-region of Provence, yielding a silken wine of pink grapefruit prowess. Buy it for £13.99 from Waitrose. Monks have a lot to answer for, they’re behind some of our favourite booze. This Cistercian father-founded Croatian winery isn’t far off its 800th birthday – now, that’s some serious rings around the trunk. Does that make it Mass-produced, then? Sorry, bad joke. It’s a blend we never knew we needed, AKA pinot noir and an Austrian variety called Zweigelt, for a delectably pale pink with a textured mouthfeel of greengage, rose petal and green tea. Buy it for £14.99 from Laithwaites. I’ve been biding my time to recommend this rosé, set up by four mates over lockdown, who happen to be Oliver and Emma Proudlock, Elliot Awin and his fiancée Paula Anton. They’ve teamed up with the Negrel family of Mas DeCadenet, seventh generation winemakers in Sainte-Victoire, a subregion of Provence. The unique climate has nurtured a refreshing, crystalline purity that smacks of sipping fresh apricots and orange blossom water. Just call it QV, everybody does. Buy it for £15.98 from Pull the Cork. Here’s a rosé for grown-ups, apparently, which certainly whittles it down. Aside from requiring some semi-serious coin to drop, it has its own unique savoury style. Tillingham is the small-scale, disruptor producer with a keen eye for ecological biodiversity, using natural-ish production methods and ancient farming techniques. Here we have a super-dry pinot noir/pinot blanc blend with baked strawberry and rosemary notes, with less than 2,000 bottles produced. Buy it for £32.50 from The Good Wine Shop. You can’t ignore a sparkling rosé, not when it’s this delicious. Pricey, but a vintage champagne rosé would be far spendier, and this is worth it. Like sipping a crystal chandelier, in a good way, ballet-pump pink with stately cherry blossom and rhubarb sparkles that didn’t gush as much as I am. Buy it for £41.80 from Hedonism Wines. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Drinking coffee daily could prevent early death, says study MORE : Bring a box: Boxed wine is having a major resurgence