Diana Ross drew an absolutely jaw-dropping crowd at Glastonbury Festival, as she took on the legends slot at the grand age of 78 – and brought the party. The I’m Coming Out hitmaker gave us hit after hit as she took to the Pyramid Stage on Sunday. Belting out iconic hits, Diana gave us a rendition of Chain Reaction and Ain’t No Mountain High Enough, as well as songs from her new album, Thank You. Of course, she dressed for the occasion, swanning about the stage in an angelic white gown. Diana was absolutely thrilled to take on the festival, delightedly telling the huge crowd: ‘Can you see me? I can see you!’ and getting fans to sing along. Fans couldn’t resist dancing and singing along for the epic performance. While some viewers weren’t too impressed at the singer’s vocals, others pointed out that she’s certainly earned the right to drop a note or two – and she still smashed her performance. ‘Diana Ross. Out of tune and fabulous. What a vibe. Legend,’ one fan wrote, while another added: ‘Diana Ross is a 78 year old icon who has earned the RIGHT to turn up at Glastonbury looking fabulous and singing out of tune. I won’t be told otherwise. Let her have her moment.’ ‘The way Diana Ross has just turned up to Glasto is everything I hoped for & more,’ one more said. Another commented: ‘I’m trying to sing along watching Diana Ross at Glastonbury, but I can’t get past a couple of lines at a time cos I keep welling up. She embodies decades of memories standing there. I can’t believe it’s actually really her. 78 and loving every well-earned minute of it. Icon.’ Joining Diana at Glastonbury so far have been stars like Billie Eilish and Paul McCartney, while Kendrick Lamar is set to headline on Sunday night. Paul made history as the oldest ever solo headliner, with Billie being the youngest ever. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : George Ezra storms Glastonbury ‘not too secret’ secret set after laryngitis MORE : Sir Paul McCartney kindly halts Glastonbury festival performance over concern for fan 