Whether you’ve just come to a new realisation about yourself or you’re with a member of the opposite sex and the topic has yet to come up, coming out to your partner can be nerve-wracking. There’s a lot of discourse about coming out to family members and friends – and rightly so, it’s a hugely important topic. But a lot less time tends to be given to the subject of coming out to a partner. For anyone out there wondering how best to go about it, Counselling Directory member Emily Hilton has shared some advice on the matter… Emily, who specialises in working with people in their 20s and 30s as well as people in the LGBTQ+ community, says it’s important to plan what you want to say ahead of time. She explains: ‘You can really take your time with this if you’d like to, and speaking about it with others in your support network, writing thoughts out or even saying them out loud to yourself when you’re alone can be helpful ways to get more clarity on what your needs are. ‘Also think about what might be the best environment for having this conversation. For example, consider where you feel comfortable speaking openly, and where you will feel safe talking about what could be difficult stuff. ‘It can feel easier to talk about challenging things when we’re not directly facing someone – so perhaps consider having the conversation sitting next to someone on the sofa, or out on a walk, rather than over a dinner table. Being face-to-face can feel quite confrontational at times.’ Remember, you don’t have to articulate yourself perfectly for your conversation to be fruitful. Emily says: ‘You can always ask to take a quick break from talking or say: “hold on, let me think about what I want to say here, this feels tough to put my finger on”, for example. If it feels as if you start butting heads, I find a really useful question to ask can be: “what are you hearing me say here?” – because sometimes, we might be trying to communicate something, and the other person might hear something very different. ‘Maybe in this example, we might be wanting to say, 2hey, here’s this thing I’ve learned about myself recently, which I wanted to share with you”, and what they’re hearing is, “I don’t want to be in a relationship with you anymore”. ‘If we can work out where the gaps in understanding are, it becomes easier to provide the responses that will enable the conversation to get back on track, and for the other person to better be able to hear what we want to say.’ You might not be able to predict how your partner will react to your sexuality. Will they have a load of questions? Will they have their own preconceived notions of what this ‘means’? Will they feel hurt? It’s natural to worry about this; and sometimes, this can keep us from opening up. Our advice? Consider your partner’s feelings and make sure that the conversation is approached with tact and respect, giving space for their reaction. Flippantly declaring that you fancy your other half’s pal as a way to come out? Not ideal. Having a thoughtful conversation when you have some time to talk things through? Much, much better. Be prepared to give your partner some space to process and ask questions – but remember that your self-respect comes first, and that any cruel, angry, or threatening responses are not acceptable. ‘It’s OK if the conversation feels difficult or if there are emotions present,’ says Emily, ‘as long as someone isn’t reacting in a way that causes you to worry about your safety, of course. ‘It’s OK for there to be difficult feelings in a conversation like this because it is a difficult topic – we all can carry internalised judgements about sexuality, and assumptions and anxieties about how people will react to hearing what we have to say. ‘Feeling anxious about having a big conversation is normal, and in fact, our anxiety is there to try to help us by giving us that adrenaline and increased awareness that can carry us through difficult situations. ‘But if that anxiety should start to feel overwhelming, be kind to yourself – recognise it’s OK to feel what you’re feeling, to take a minute if you need to, to call up a friend and ask whether they can lend an ear to support you. Remember to respond to your emotions and needs, whatever they may be.’ Finally, and perhaps most importantly, remember to be gentle with yourself. ‘The advice I would give to anyone experiencing this would be to remember to be kind to yourselves,’ Emily tells us, ‘and to each other. ‘If you need space and time, that’s OK. If you need support from a resource outside of your relationship, you can ask for that. ‘Equally, if it feels as if the person you’re coming out to is reacting in any way that leads to you feeling unsafe, you’re allowed to look after yourself in that moment and to leave the situation until you are assured it’s safe to return.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : 50 years on Pride is just as important as ever – and here’s how we’re going to mark it MORE : Going to Pride? Here’s how to do two glorious rainbow beauty looks MORE : Anna Richardson: ‘I’ve had my heart broken and my dreams shattered – but I won’t give up on hope or Pride’ 