The names of the 72 victims of the Grenfell disaster have been read out at a memorial service marking five years since the fire. The men, women and children who lost their lives on June 14, 2017 were remembered by multi-faith leaders during the ceremony at Westminster Abbey. A series of events are taking place this week to mark the anniversary – with survivors and campaigners blasting the ‘betrayal’ of the Government for failing to convict anyone or implement safety recommendations. After each group of names was read out, the congregation said in unison ‘Forever in our hearts’ – a phrase emblazoned across the covered-up tower in west London. Opening the service, the very Reverend Dr David Hoyle, Dean of Westminster, said the loss and anguish ‘are still vivid and sharp’ as the congregation gathered ‘in sorrow and in pain’. He told the gathering: ‘Here we renew our commitment to remember those we have lost. ‘We gather as those who look for justice and a renewed commitment to securing safety in our homes, safety in times of fire. ‘Grateful for the support of the communities and individuals that have sustained the bereaved and the survivors over the last five years, we meet in faith and hope looking to a better, safer, surer future.’ A community choir also performed at the emotional service, attended by former prime minister Theresa May, London Mayor Sadiq Khan, housing secretary Michael Gove, building safety and fire minister Stephen Greenhalgh, and shadow housing secretary Lisa Nandy. Grenfell survivors, the bereaved and the community are gathering at various locations near the north Kensington site today, on the fifth anniversary of the deadliest domestic blaze since the Second World War. At 2pm, a 72-second silence was observed at Westfield shopping centre, after which the names of the 72 victims were again read out, this time over the public address system. Later in the afternoon, cording around the tower in north Kensington will be removed so survivors, the bereaved and community groups can gather at its base for a multi-faith service and lay flowers and wreaths. The chairwoman of campaign group Grenfell United, Natasha Elcock, said: ‘This week will be a difficult week for everyone affected by the Grenfell Tower fire. ‘For many of us the events five years ago are still so raw in our minds and our losses remain heavy in our hearts.’ In the evening, firefighters from across the country will form a guard of honour as members of the community take part in a silent walk starting from the base of the tower. Pete Wolfenden, a firefighter who responded to the blaze, said: ‘It’s been five years since the Grenfell Tower fire and the thoughts and wishes go out from all London firefighters and fire control staff personnel to the survivors and friends and family of those who lost their lives in this appalling incident, the worst domestic blaze in living memory. ‘We also remember the brave and courageous members of all the emergency services who attended on the night and subsequent days, some of whom still suffer ill-health and bear the mental scars of attending that traumatic incident.’ Matt Wrack, general secretary of the Fire Brigades Union, added: ‘Firefighters and the Grenfell community have a bond that was forged in tragedy, and the Fire Brigades Union stands in solidarity with all bereaved, survivors and residents. ‘Today, on the fifth anniversary of the fire, it is a time for reflection, and to remember all those who lost their lives, and the loved ones they left behind. Their legacy lives on in the fight for justice. ‘The community have faced constant denials from those responsible for Grenfell being covered in cladding as flammable as petrol. ‘They have faced a wait for criminal charges that continues to this day. They inspire us all with their relentless fight for justice and we continue to stand in solidarity with them every step of the way.’ A spokeswoman for campaign group Justice 4 Grenfell said: ‘Today we stand with the Grenfell bereaved, survivors and community. Forever in our hearts. ‘The Grenfell Tower fire has become a symbol of the social inequality and injustice that exists in our country. ‘Seventy-two people lost their lives, many people lost their homes, possessions, families and loved ones. ‘The first duty of any government is to protect the lives of its citizens. From the right to life and including the duty to provide adequate housing, these duties are enshrined in law and are where the Government has and continues to fail.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Susanna Reid in tears as uncle of Grenfell victim, 12, opens up on tragedy 5 years on: ‘It’s just hideous’