Celebrity cook and all-round hun Nigella Lawson has told fans she would love to host Eurovision if it does indeed come to the UK next year. The European Broadcasting Union (EBU) yesterday announced that the 2023 Eurovision Song Contest will not be held in Ukraine after Kalush Orchestra’s win last month. In a statement, they explained that options were explored to try and make the contest happen in Ukraine, amid the Russian invasion, but that it would not be possible to make it work. Due to the UK act Sam Ryder finishing as runner-up, the nation is now looking the most likely to take over hosting duties, with the EBU revealing they would be starting discussions with the BBC. This means avid viewers are already listing the names they’d love to see in the presenting team, with Rylan Clark, AJ Odudu and Scott Mills among those already put forward. But in response to a tweet sharing the news that the UK could host next year, cook Nigella teased she could be the next Katie Boyle. Katie was a TV star and actress who presented the Eurovision Song Contest on four occasions, in 1960, 1963, 1968 and 1974. Nigella wrote: ‘Waiting for my Katie Boyle moment! Why else get a languages degree?’ Of course, fans quickly backed Nigella and pleaded with the BBC to make it happen. One wrote on Twitter: ‘Oh yes, you would be absolutely perfect 🤩.’ ‘Make. It. Happen. Please @Nigella_Lawson and @BBCBreaking,’ said another. Someone else commented: ‘Oh my god – this would be HEAVEN! The glorious Nigella hosting Eurovision! I’m still overwhelmed at your quadrilingual points cameo in 2015.’ Another fan shared: ‘@bbceurovision NIGELLA FOR PRESENTING TEAM 100%.’ Nigella famously brought the results of the UK vote to the continent during the 2015 contest, which was hosted in Vienna, Austria. The top scorer from the UK that year was the wonderful eventual winner from Sweden, Mans Zelmerlow. While Eurovision fanatics are understandably, already very excited, the BBC issued a statement in response to the announcement, making it clear discussions are still yet to start. ‘We have seen the announcement from the EBU. Clearly, these aren’t a set of circumstances that anyone would want. ‘Following their decision, we will of course discuss the BBC hosting the Eurovision Song Contest,’ the broadcaster said. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rowan Atkinson hits back at cancel culture and comedy: ‘Every joke has a victim – that’s the definition of a joke’ MORE : Mark Owen put his kids off crop tops for life by revealing he wore one in Take That as daughters make musical debut on new album