It was during lockdown that award-winning designer Will Williams saw an opportunity for growth in the gardening market. ‘With so many people on furlough or working from home, an interest in our outdoor spaces suddenly took off,’ says Will, gold medal winner and former RHS Young Designer Of The Year. ‘Gardening, something widely regarded as a pastime of the retired, started trending on social media. People wanted beautiful spaces to relax, entertain and to connect with nature – but they didn’t know where to start.’ After seeing how meal box delivery had sparked a national craze in healthy home cooking, Will decided to follow suit by designing and delivering tailor-made, show-stopping gardens that just need planting up. ‘The aim was to provide everything needed for an instant designer garden – whether you have a patio, balcony or even just a window box.’ Here, Will shares his design tips and reveals the best blooms for an instantly beautiful garden. Your home interior style and décor is a great place to look for garden inspiration. I often look at clients’ kitchens to get an idea of their preferred style and colour schemes The most important consideration is to know how much light your garden gets. Is it south- facing and sunny? Or north-facing with lots of shade? City gardens are often in partial or full shade. Research which plants will do best in the aspect of your garden The garden is an extension of your home, an outdoor room where you can relax and entertain. Often, it can be seen from the principal rooms all year round, so seasonal interest is key Consider the maintenance – would you prefer a glass of rosé or a trowel in your hand on a sunny afternoon? If you’d rather be relaxing, then shrubs and evergreens offer low-maintenance impact Position by the front door for instant kerb appeal. It is a classic for good reason as it instantly updates an entrance way. It’s also a sign of good luck – plus you can use the dark, fragrant leaves in the kitchen for sauces, curries and as part of a bouquet garni. It can also produce small yellow-greenish flowers in spring and berries in autumn. Prune twice during the summer to your desired shape. Will thrive in both sun and partial shade. This long-flowering plant will grow substantially within its first season and offers a sensational scent from late spring to late summer. The small, pale purple flowers appear from silvery green foliage and attract an abundance of bees and butterflies – especially bees. Best planted in full sun/partial shade. Giving brilliant colour throughout the year, this plant is incredibly easy to look after as it’s happy in any aspect of the garden. The dark maroon, delicate flowers offer lots of contrast to a green border. Great value for money as this variety will get to mid-thigh height and will flower from spring to late summer. Reminiscent of green lace, which sometimes turns a red-brown in winter, this fern is a great option for shady groundcover in areas that struggle to keep plants happy. It has delicate, fan-like leaves that come from black shiny stems and the interesting textures look great in both borders and pots. Prefers to be in shade but tolerates partial sun, too. Strong by name, strong by nature! This stand-out plant has powerful stems to support its huge white and green floaty flowers which add a romantic softness to your outside space. The blousy blooms make an appearance year after year from late spring and the flower heads will provide interest through to late winter. A fast grower, this shrub can reach 1.5metres tall and tolerates most conditions, but prefers partial shade. This soft, quick-spreading ground- covering plant is like a luscious green carpet for your outside space. During spring and summer small, star-shaped white flowers make an appearance. It also looks sweet planted in small pots spilling over the edges. A great companion to plants such as olive and bay trees and brilliant at softening schemes or adding texture. Water little and often. This fragrant herb is always green (and delicious!). The needle-like leaves are accompanied by small blue flowers in the summer providing some delicate colour to your borders, pots or window boxes which the bees will love. As well as being a staple of herb gardens, it’s also brilliant for providing dense, aromatic ground cover. Thrives in full sun and grows fast – keep it pruned to the desired size so it doesn’t get too woody. Requiring very little attention, this pine is almost indestructible – and the architectural value it brings to a garden is stunning. The prehistoric-looking leaves grow into the most unusual shapes and offer colour, structure and texture throughout the year. Plant in a border or will look fabulous on a patio as part of a pot collection. Excels in direct sun but also sits well in partial shade. This is one of my favourite plants – the jewel-like soft pink flowers are lifted by rich green foliage and look beautiful in early summer. And the bees and butterflies love it, too. Soft pinks and reds add perspective to longer borders, and these work perfectly. Happy in any aspect, though more flowers will appear in sunnier spots. Also known as ‘Angel Hair’, this grass plays in the wind, bringing lots of movement and texture to your borders or patio pots. I love how the colour develops throughout the year to add extra visual interest, starting a deep green before fading to a subtle buff. In the summer it also produces feathery seed heads. Great for creating structure in a border. Loves to bask in the sun but does well in partial shade, too. For more information visit the Soto Gardens website and its Instagram page and Instagram @sotogardens. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Britain’s ugliest garden decking must be pulled down after family loses battle MORE : These are the toxic plants most threatening to your garden