Nelson Piquet has apologised ‘wholeheartedly’ for using an offensive expression during an interview last year when discussing Lewis Hamilton. The former Formula One world champion was reported to have used a racial slur aimed at Hamilton following the 2021 British Grand Prix, but insists the word he used had been mistranslated. Piquet said in a statement: ‘I would like to clear up the stories circulating in the media about a comment I made in an interview last year. ‘What I said was ill thought out, and I make no defence for it, but I will clarify that the term used is one that has widely and historically been used colloquially in Brazilian Portuguese as a synonym for ‘guy’ or ‘person’ and was never intended to offend. ‘I would never use the word I have been accused of in some translations. I strongly condemn any suggestion that the word was used by me with the aim of belittling a driver because of his skin colour. ‘I apologise wholeheartedly to anyone that was affected, including Lewis, who is an incredible driver, but the translation in some media that is now circulating on social media is not correct. Discrimination has no place in F1 or society and I am happy to clarify my thoughts in that respect.’ Brazilian Piquet, was reported to have been discussing a collision between Hamilton and rival Max Verstappen on the opening lap at Silverstone, which saw the Dutchman retire from the race. Hamilton responded to the story on social media by insisting ‘archaic mindsets’ needed to change and was supported by Formula One and his team Mercedes, who both condemned Piquet.Hamilton posted on Twitter: ‘It’s more than language. These archaic mindsets need to change and have no place in our sport. ‘I’ve been surrounded by these attitudes and targeted my whole life. There has been plenty of time to learn. Time has come for action.’ An F1 statement read: ‘Discriminatory or racist language is unacceptable in any form and has no part in society. Lewis is an incredible ambassador for our sport and deserves respect. ‘His tireless efforts to increase diversity and inclusion are a lesson to many and something we are committed to at F1.’ MORE : Lewis Hamilton issues powerful response to Nelson Piquet’s racial slur MORE : Laura Hamilton is getting the police involved after Instagram impostor ruins holiday For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 