As an ICF-accredited life coach, I help individuals get unstuck at work by helping them identify their goals, changed unwanted behaviours, and build self-confidence in the workplace and beyond. Here’s why I think everyone can learn to be their own coach and cheerleader – and how you can do it. Work is broken. The modern workplace is more stressful than ever before. The post-pandemic advancements, such as flexible hours, remote working and unlimited holiday leave, ironically might be fuelling the mental health crisis in the UK, not fixing it, with studies showing that we’re more burnt out and stressed now than ever. While advancements like the four-day week might seem like a good solution for overworking, many employees complain of being overwhelmed by squeezing their workload into less days. Behaviour has changed too. The by-product of flexible working is that workplace boundaries have all but erased; getting emails late in the evening and on weekends is now the norm. A culture of overworking within an organisation can be contagious; it creates a new normal that’s it’s OK to never switch off. We all need connection. And, recently, we’ve been disconnected. The death of the office also means the death of office socialising, which is vital for our emotional wellbeing. And in worries from the rising cost of living and job scarcity, and you’d be forgiven for feeling stressed at work. If this is all sounding a bit familiar to you, know that you’re not alone. But please know that there arethings you can do about it. You can take control of your workplace wellbeing and create a flourishing career that gives you financial security and fulfilment, but first you must get really clear on what you personally want from work, what’s holding you back and what skills you need to develop. In short, you need to be your own work coach – and I’m going to show you how. At the heart of coaching is powerful questioning. Working with a coach, they will ask questions that delve deeper into a topic and help you uncover latent thoughts and beliefs. Coaching requires you to ask questions that are open-ended, non-directional and nuanced – you must learn to really listen to your thoughts (even your inner critic) to know what questions to ask. That process – one of questioning and being listened to – is totally something you can replicate for yourself. To be your own coach, you must first start by asking yourself powerful questions. If you’re stuck on how to start this process of ‘tuning in’ to yourself, below are some prompts to answer. I’d recommend journaling as a medium to answer these questions and gain clarity on your thoughts and beliefs, but you can also record answers for yourself as a voice notes. When it comes to setting goals, we often set arbitrary financial or tangible career goals, such as a certain job titles, promotion or salary. And then when we reach those goals, we’re surprised that we don’t feel any different – these goals can often feel hollow. This is why I recommend taking the focus off reaching a certain destination, and, instead, focusing on how you want to feel at work. Fix your mind on what fulfilment and purpose would look and feel like to you – these are much more powerful emotions and can sustain us when times are tough. Purpose is linked to impact; think about what impact or influence you want to have in the world, and what you can do to give back to others. Studies show that the more impact our work has, the more fulfilled we feel by it. Understanding the role of a support network is crucial for workplace advancement, too. When coaching yourself, try to identify both the things or people that are holding you back, as well as those who push you forwards. Be ruthless when it comes to removing elements or people that harm your confidence in the workplace. You need to be diligent with your time if you want to coach yourself – you must find time every month to re-focus your energy, interview yourself and review your progress in different areas. You must be your own boss – understand your personal growth and equip yourself with the tools needed to continue to thrive in the workplace. Often when we feel ‘stuck’ at work, there are certain blocks ahead of us that we’re not even aware of. These invisible blocks can hold us back from fully reaching our potential, such as low self-confidence, self-esteem or imposter syndrome. Start by getting clarity on how you think about yourself, your abilities and successes at work, and then use techniques to build your confidence daily at work. A simple tip for this is writing a list at the end of every day with a few things that went right or that you’re proud of, which you can look back on when you need a confidence boost. Remember that everyone has great potential to thrive at work, but it begins with understanding how you personally perceive yourself and getting curious about what lights you up at work. Success is largely about self-belief; know that even if you’re feeling stuck right now, we all have the capacity to make impactful changes and make work, work for us. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Five signs your workplace is ‘digitally toxic’ – and what to do about it MORE : How ‘worry procrastination’ could help you tackle anxiety MORE : 27 expert-backed tips to make your mornings better