Jennifer Lopez introduced her child Emme as her ‘favourite duet partner’, with the pair adorably sharing the stage together this week. The On The Floor hitmaker performed at the Los Angeles Dodgers Foundation Blue Diamond Gala on Thursday and gave a sweet speech about the 14-year-old before introducing them to the stage – also using gender neutral pronouns. ‘The last time we performed together was in a big stadium like this and I ask them to sing with me all the time, and they won’t,’ Jennifer, 52, said. ‘So this is a very special occasion. They are very, very busy. Booked. And pricey.’ She added: ‘They cost me when they come out. But they’re worth every single penny because they’re my favorite duet partner of all time. So if you will indulge me.’ Emme joined their mum for a rendition of Christina Perri’s A Thousand Years, before Jennifer declared: ‘Give it up for my baby’, with the crowd cheering for them. The pair were a colourful sight, with Jennifer rocking an all-green look, with high-waisted trousers and a feathered coat, while Emme went for pink, donning shorts and a baggy T-shirt. It’s not the first time the pair have performed together, with Jennifer and Emme giving their rendition of Limitless during the singer’s It’s My Party tour in Los Angeles in 2019. The singer previously told New! Magazine: ‘‘I want her to know she’s limitless,. ‘Performing a duet with her on tour this summer was such a proud moment for me and I know she can accomplish anything if there’s a passion behind it.’ The star, who’s engaged to Ben Affleck, has two children from her marriage to Marc Anthony – twins Emme and Maximilian. JLo has also previously been praised for using gender neutral terms for a family member. In 2020, she shared a short film about her ‘nibling’ (a gender-neutral term for niece or nephew) opening up about their gender identity. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jennifer Lopez stuns in flowing white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with Ben Affleck on set MORE : Jennifer Lopez’s Halftime is intimate look at ‘vulnerable’ Jenny from the Block 