The idea that we need to rid our bodies of pubic hair is becoming a thing of the past. Yet we’re also looking to the past for style inspiration, with the 70s bush making a major comeback. While hairless look still dominates most of what we see in porn, celebrities like Gwyneth Paltrow, Ashley Graham, and Emma Watson promoting untamed pubes has led to Vogue calling a full bush ‘the new Brazilian.’ It’s great to see more people adopting a freer attitude to their beauty routines, but for some it’s not quite as simple as ditching the razor. For a number of reasons, some people simply can’t grow a lush mane down below, and leaving it to grow unchecked results in a straggly, sparse clump. Pubic hair growth is impacted by someone’s natural hair growth and their follicles, with genetics playing a party. ‘Often a lack of hair growth could be associated with general ageing, as our hormone production declines with age, particularly over the age of 40,’ Caroline Hansson, Head of Product Development at Estrid, tells Metro.co.uk. ‘A lack of hair growth could also be associated with other hormonal changes,’ she adds, ‘as well as a side effect of medical treatments.’ Contrary to popular belief, shaving or waxing shouldn’t impact future pubic hair growth, so don’t worry that you’ve defuzzed to the point of no return. Caroline says: ‘Hair may feel thicker after shaving, but that’s just because you essentially chopped it off in the middle (a lot of the hair grows under the skin), and the hair that comes out of your skin hasn’t been exposed to any sort of friction, so it might not feel as soft. ‘If you let the hair grow, it’ll grow out just as soft as if you’d never shaved in your life. ‘In a similar vein, waxing can reduce the volume of hair present, however it will not alter the thickness of the hair or its growth rate. As waxing pulls hair out at the root, this can mean that hair will grow back finer and thinner than before.’ So, if your bush is looking more like a weed, all is not lost. Follow these tips for healthier, fuller looking pubic hair. Caroline says: ‘If pubic hair is not growing as fast as you’d like, that doesn’t mean you should stop giving your skin the love it deserves. ‘Never skip on keeping your skin moisturised – this helps to avoid any skin irritation and keeps it smooth and soft.’ Go for a brand that uses nourishing ingredients like shea or cocoa butter, coconut oil, and glycerin or hyaluronic acid to prevent moisture loss. Also ensure you only use cosmetic lotions on your mons pubis and outer labia, as your internal flora and fauna can be irritated by certain scents and ingredients. If you normally shave your pubic hair, the process of growing a bush is inevitably going to involve a stubble stage. Although this period should only last a few days, it’s vital to keep an eye out for ingrown hairs early on. ‘Ingrown hairs are hairs that have gotten stuck under the skin, causing inflammation,’ says Caroline. ‘This is completely normal, so there’s nothing to worry about. Exfoliate the affected area to keep your pores clear for the hair to grow.’ She recommends Estrid’s Watermelon Sugar Scrub, which has fine sugar particles to gently slough away dead skin blocking follicles. ‘Once your pubic hair starts to grow out, treat it like the hair on your head,’ says Caroline. ‘By giving your pubic hair a regular trim, it will keep the hair healthy and stimulate stronger hair follicles, leading to growth.’ It seems counterproductive, but like your head hair it’s important to get rid of straggly ends. As well as promoting new growth, this will give a fuller look to your bush rather than leaving the strands wispy. Caroline says: ‘Once you’re thick and thriving, it’s important to prioritise a healthy cleansing routine as you may experience more issues with sweating and trapping of odours and bacteria.’ Choose a product that’s designed to gentle cleanse the intimate area, without drying soap or irritating ingredients. Plus, when your bush is getting to topiary-ready levels, you can run a small amount of conditioner through it at the end of your shower. Rinse away and you’ll notice softer hairs that appear thicker and glossier, with no razor bumps or pain. Au naturale et voila. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The hottest interior trends for summer 2022, according to an expert MORE : These are the best summer bargains to freshen up your home for Wimbledon MORE : How to solve any problem and make a decision in five minutes