Forty-six people have been found dead in the back of a trailer in Texas, with 16 others rushed to hospital. A city worker discovered the traumatic scene on a remote back road in San Antonio. Police were called and arrived to find one body on the ground and a partially opened gate to the seemingly abandoned tractor-trailer. Body bags were soon spread across the surrounding ground in a grim symbol of the sheer scale of the tragedy. A team from U.S. Homeland Security say they are investigating ‘an alleged human smuggling event’ in coordination with local police. Of the 16 taken to hospitals with heat-related illnesses, 12 were adults and four were children, said fire chief Charles Hood. No water had been found in the trailer despite the heat outside the vehicle. ‘They were suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion,’ Hood said. ‘It was a refrigerated tractor-trailer, but there was no visible working AC unit on that rig.’ He added: ‘We’re not supposed to open up a truck and see stacks of bodies in there. ‘None of us come to work imagining that.’ ‘None of these people were able to extricate themselves out of the truck, so they were still in there awaiting help when we arrived. Too weak in state to actually get out and help themselves.’ San Antonio Mayor Ron Nirenberg said the 46 people who died had ‘families who were likely trying to find a better life.’ ‘This is nothing short of a horrific human tragedy,’ he added. Three people have been taken into custody, but it was unclear if they were absolutely connected with human trafficking, McManus told reporters. Weather in the San Antonio area had been mostly cloudy Monday, but temperatures still approached 39C degrees. As news spread of the tragedy, some drew a link to the Biden administration’s border policies. Aaron Reichlin-Melnick, policy director at the American Immigration Council, wrote that he had been dreading such a tragedy for months. ‘With the border shut as tightly as it is today for migrants from Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, people have been pushed into more and more dangerous routes. Truck smuggling is a way up,’ he wrote on Twitter. U.S. Customs and Border Protection reported 557 deaths on the southwest border in the 12-month period ending last September. The figure is more than double the 247 deaths reported in the previous year, and the highest since it began keeping track in 1998. The majority of deaths are related to heat exposure. CBP has not published a death tally for this year but said that the Border Patrol performed 14,278 ‘search-and-rescue missions’ in a seven-month period through May. This far exceeded the 12,833 missions performed during the previous 12-month period and up from 5,071 the year before. South Texas has long been the busiest area for illegal border crossings. People travel through in vehicles past Border Patrol checkpoints to San Antonio, the closest major city, from which point they disperse across the United States. Ten migrants died in 2017 after being trapped inside a truck that was parked at a Walmart in San Antonio. And in 2003, 19 migrants were found in a sweltering truck southeast of San Antonio. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.