This is the shocking aftermath of the controversial Appleby Horse Fair after thousands of revellers descended on Cumbria. Cardboard boxes, camping chairs, plastic bags, empty bottles and beer crates were left strewn across the field at the end of the Gypsy and Traveller horse event – the biggest in Europe. It was an easy lunch for the seagulls who rummaged through the piles of garbage near the small town of Appleby-in-Westmorland. Photographs shows dozens of caravans, carts and horses still at the site. Around 30,000 people arrived from across the continent for the annual event, which kicked off last Thursday. A third of those were from the Gypsy, Traveller and Roma communities. As crowds dispersed following the four-day fair, local residents were left to clean up the mess. Appleby Fair Community group tweeted photos of Eden River on Sunday, with the hashtag #ApplebyHorseFairNeedsToChange. ‘Human excrement, litter, vandalism,’ the post said. ‘All down one of our most beautiful spots in Appleby. This needs cleaning asap this is a health hazard!’ They also shared a photo of what they said was ‘human excrement’ on the ground near the Jubilee Bridge. Residents in the neighbouring town of Kirby Stephen shared their disgust after a war memorial was pictured covered with discarded fast food wrappings. A businessman told the Mirror: ‘Travellers have desecrated the World War One memorial in Kirkby Stephen. ‘Many of us in the town have relatives commemorated on it and it has gone down very badly. Despite raised police patrols no one has been apprehended.’ In a post on Facebook, Appleby Fair officials praised the efforts of the ‘hard-working’ clean-up crews. Dressed in orange uniforms, they were seen picking litter off the streets in the town. According to the post, contracted teams from Eden District Council began emptying bins and cleaning up after the revellers on Saturday. In the past, Appleby Horse Fair has drawn much criticism from charities like the RSPCA over animal cruelty claims and residents fed up with the mess. The charity said it was working with a number of organisations to ensure animal welfare is a priority. Sharing pictures from the horse race, it said: ‘We are very sad to once again see very young horses being worked.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.