People in London have been warned of major strike action to take place across the city’s Underground services. Customers should avoid travelling on the Tube all tomorrow, and before 8am on Tuesday unless ‘necessary’ to do so. While some train services will run, Transport for London (TfL) expects ‘severe disruption’ across the network. Many stations in central London will be closed tomorrow due to the strike. For those who cannot avoid not travelling tomorrow, they have been advised by TfL to travel after 8am and to complete journeys by 6pm. Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT) union have clashed with transport bosses over pension plans and a potential reduction in jobs. Thousands of station staff have since been asked to protest amid the growing dispute. Andy Lord, TfL’s chief operating officer, said: ‘I’d like to apologise to London for the impact this strike will have on journeys tomorrow and on Tuesday morning. ‘We know it’s going to be damaging to London and the economy, at a time when public transport is playing a crucial role in the capital’s recovery. ‘While our focus is always on helping everyone travel around London whenever they want, the expected impact of the RMT’s action means we have to advise people to only travel tomorrow if necessary, as many stations may be closed. ‘Alternatives to the Tube, including the bus and rail networks, are likely to be much busier than usual and we expect the severe disruption caused by this strike to continue into the morning of Tuesday 7 June.’ He added: ‘My message to the RMT is this – it’s not too late to call off tomorrow’s strike action.’ Previously, RMT told Metro.co.uk up to 4,000 staff could strike across the city’s stations. The union’s Mick Lynch had accused TfL of trying to ‘bulldoze’ through job losses. He told Metro.co.uk: ‘Our members are not prepared to accept that. ‘Station staff play a crucial role in serving the travelling public and were heroes during the 7/7 terrorist attacks.’ TfL maintains no changes have been proposed to pensions and nobody has or will lose their job as a result of the proposals set out. Mr Lynch also called on Mayor Sadiq Khan ‘to sort this mess out.’ He added: ‘There’s no point in our union continuing to sit opposite management representatives who have neither the inclination nor the authority to negotiate a settlement, when the power lies with the Mayor. ‘Mayor Khan must choose either the take on the Tory government and demand a just funding deal for Londoners or attack loyal tube workers who keep the capital moving day in day out.’ The strike action comes just shortly after the introduction of the new Elizabeth Line, named in honour of the Queen. The Crossrail project had an original budget of £14.8billion, but the Government pledged an extra £4billion to help get it open. Travel advice for the strike action is available at tfl.gov.uk/tube-strike. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.