Trafalgar Square has been evacuated following the discovery of a suspicious vehicle, it is understood. The area in central London is on lockdown with images showing a large police presence and cordons in place. Multiple people on social media reported hearing the sound of a ‘bang’ or explosion at around 11am. Westminster Police said the incident is now over and officers remain at the scene. However, they did not divulge details of what happened. The force said on Twitter: ‘Officers are currently at #TrafalgarSquare where they have evacuated the scene. Please do not travel to the area.’ They later added: ‘Police remain on scene. The incident has now been concluded and the square will reopen in due course.’ A journalist at the scene said a controlled explosion was used to deal with the suspicious vehicle and urged people not to panic. Crystal Goomansingh, from Global news, tweeted: ‘Controlled explosion near Trafalgar square. Police say officers dealt with a suspicious vehicle. “Please don’t panic that you heard a bang,” says a Met officer on site.’ The London Fire Brigade is also at the scene. Tourist Sarah Churchill who was in Trafalgar Square at the time with her 11-year-old son Noah, said she heard the sound of a ‘bomb’ go off ‘without any warning’. She told the Daily Mirror: ‘There were lots of police, were were just about to walk through the square when we got to corner we saw it was cordoned off. ‘We were speaking to a policeman when the bomb went off without any warning. ‘He had told us it was a suspicious package, but it wasn’t a controlled explosion, no one told us it was about to go off.’ Sarah, 38, said the sound of the bomb ‘shook her’ and was ‘intensely loud and quick’. She said her son was terrified as the noise sparked a crowd of around 150 people to start running away. Footage on social media also shows people being urgently evacuated from a nearby hotel due to a ‘suspicious car that was unattended’. It comes ahead of the Platinum Jubilee concert tonight outside Buckingham Palace. Over 20,000 people will attend the open-air event to honour the Queen’s 70-year-reign. The event will be opened by rock band Queen, with other stars performing including Diana Ross, Alicia Keys and Eurovision’s Sam Ryder. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.