Gary Neville is ‘worried’ that Manchester United are falling further behind their Premier League rivals after enduring a slow start to the summer transfer window. While Manchester City and Liverpool have bolstered their respective squads with the signings of Erling Haaland and Darwin Nunez, United are yet to dip into the market. Ten Hag, who signed a three-year deal at Old Trafford after deciding to leave Dutch champions Ajax, wants to strengthen his squad in several positions and will have more than £100m to spend on new additions. Manchester United have expressed interest in Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong and Ajax defender Jurrien Timber, but both deals have seemingly stalled. Neville is concerned by his former club’s inactivity and says completing deals later in the transfer window will make it harder for Ten Hag to achieve success next season. ‘I know early in the window but it’s worrying that United are struggling to get business done,’ the Old Trafford legend posted on Twitter. ‘The others seem set and ready yet United can’t get moving. Erik ten Hag needs his group together asap to mould them. Bringing them in late will only make it harder for him! Fingers crossed it happens soon!’ Manchester United endured a disappointing 2021-22 campaign under Ralf Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, finishing sixth in the Premier League, 13 points outside of the top-four and 35 points behind champions Manchester City. Last week, United confirmed 11 first-team players had left Old Trafford after the expiration of their contracts, with Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard, Nemanja Matic and Juan Mata the high-profile exits. At his first Manchester United press conference, Ten Hag confirmed United’s pre-season schedule would start on June 27. ‘First, we have a break,’ the 52-year-old said. ‘We will start pre-season on 27 June and I will get a few of the squad, of the individual players. ‘Not all the players will be coming in [on 27 June], because the ones who play internationals will have a longer break, because they play longer in this current season.’ Asked if he expects to oversee an overhaul this summer, Ten Hag added: ‘In certain positions, we want to renew the squad, but as I said, one year ago, this squad was second in the league. ‘So there is potential and I’m really looking forward to co-operating with the squad.’ Manchester United begin the 2022-23 Premier League season on August 7 against Brighton, before facing Brentford, Liverpool, Southampton and Leicester City before the start of September. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 