Have you ever wanted your own lake? Well, if you’ve got pockets deep enough, now could be your chance. The very beautiful Beech House comes with a spring-fed lake with small islands, several boats and a zipwire that runs across the water. For a tidy £1,750,000, it could be yours. According to Rightmove, that’s less than half what the average price of a semi-detached property in central London was last year, which was £3,562,500. Ah, the capital. Named for the beech tree in front of the house that’s more than 200 years old and believed to have been planted by Admiral Lord Nelson, at Beech House, you’ll even have royalty for neighbours. The five-bedroom property in Bagshot, Surrey has views over Bagshot Park, the £30,000,000 home of Prince Edward and Sophie. Beech House was built around 1910 and started out as a nursing home before being turned into a family home. The property spams 2,911 sqft, with a kitchen/dining room and drawing room on the ground floor, two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a utility room/gym on the first floor, and two bedrooms and another bathroom on the top floor. There’s also an office/additional bedroom on a mezzanine level, as well as a lower ground floor self-contained one-bedroom flat and a cellar. Daniel Burstow, of Strutt & Parker, said: ‘Beech House is an amazing property. Our clients have been there for 40 years and had their children and grandchildren grow up in this wonderful Swallows and Amazons setting. ‘There’s a zip wire that runs across the lake, and they had great fun messing about on boats on the lake. Historically it’s believed someone put sturgeon in the lake and a huge one has been caught before. ‘When I was there I saw a kingfisher, which is quite rare for the area, and there are resident ducks and geese. There are two little islands in the lake that can only be accessed by boat and provide a refuge for the ducks. ‘And the lake is spring-fed, so it’s continuously moving. It also has views out over Crown land and local folklore says the large beech tree after which the house is named was planted by Admiral Lord Nelson, it’s over 200 years old. ‘It’s unusual to find that sort of setting and location that close to a town. You get the benefits of living close to the amenities, but it feels like you’re living in the middle of nowhere.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Seaside property owned by the ‘real’ Doc Martin on sale for £3.75million MORE : Giving up avocado on toast won’t help us wheelchair users get on the property ladder MORE : ‘Derelict’ property unoccupied for 60 years is on the market for £350,000