Britain’s Got Talent judge Amanda Holden once again stunned in a silver gown during last night’s live semi-finals show. The 51-year-old took her seat between Simon Cowell and Alesha Dixon in the backless number, which had a high thigh split and a plunging neckline. With a high pony and clear strappy heels, Amanda set pulses racing in the gown, which boasted 50,000 hand embroidered crystals in silver and emerald green. Taking to Instagram to share some pics of her posing and a clip showing off all angles of the stunning gown, Amanda strutted to the music of Shirley Bassey’s Diamonds Are Forever. Fans and fellow celebrities were quick to comment with fire emojis, with American singer Ashley Roberts saying: ‘Wowee,’ while fashion designer Melissa Odabash commented: ‘Smoking.’ Last night’s semi-finals saw dance group Diversity return with a powerful reminder of their BLM routine, while singer Tom Ball and comedian Eva Abley made it through to the final. It was just another night of Amanda delivering with the incredible looks, after she had slayed in a purple thigh-split dress on Tuesday’s show. Amanda wowed in the leggy number as she returned to the Hammersmith Apollo for the second night of live semi-final performances. The straps and bust area of Amanda’s head-turning gown boasted of silver embellishments, with the detailing also visible around the thigh. She paired the number with nude heels, adding inches to her petite frame. Elsewhere in last night’s show, Tom blew viewers across the nation and the judges away with his incredible rendition of Rise Like a Phoenix, the song originally performed by Conchita Wurst when the Austrian singer won Eurovision in 2014. He was crowned the winner of the third live show, securing his place in the final. Teenage comedian Eva also secured her place in the finals, after leaving the judges and her audience bursting with laughter. The 14-year-old, who has cerebral palsy, appeared to be in disbelief when she was chosen by the judges to stay in the competition. Eva and Tom will join operatic busker Maxwell Thorpe and 13-year-old ventriloquist Jamie Leahey in the live final, which will air on Sunday, June 5. The winner of the BGT final will earn a prize of £250,000 as well as a spot at this year’s Royal Variety Performance. Britain’s Got Talent continues tonight at 8pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: Diversity return with powerful reminder of BLM routine that sparked record-breaking complaints MORE : Britain’s Got Talent judge Amanda Holden tells teenage comedian Eva Abley with cerebral palsy she has ‘funny bones’ in awkward moment: ‘That wasn’t a joke!’ 