It’s a good job we’re all big kids ‘cause there are so many things to do in London right now… …Like a full-size interactive Angry Birds experience, the chance to relive key moments from Dirty Dancing while quaffing pornstar martinis, a first date where the food and drinks are thrown in for free, a whole range of free activities down in Hyde Park and the chance to win an unforgettable weekend in London thanks to Virgin Experiences and Jeff Wayne’s The War of the Worlds. We’re going to need a lie down after that little lot. And a half-price drink at Little Scarlet Door. You know how crazy you are for Angry Birds? Well, we are going to do your nut in with news of the very first hyper-immersive multiplayer life-size version where you get to use slingshots and the ‘latest electric pig-trapping technology’ (if you’re not into Angry Birds, none of this will make the slightest bit of sense) to take down the piggies, who are bad because they have stolen the birds’ hatchlings and eggs so they have had it coming. Appropriate for adults and children above the age of five, you have to admit, that’s pretty out there. Electric Gamebox, various locations Sponsored Summer is here and to celebrate we’re giving you the chance to win an unforgettable weekend in London. Because that’s the kind of people we are. All you have to do is take a quick quiz and a £500 Virgin Experience Day to spend on a hotel and a meal could be yours. On top of that you also get a £100 bar tab at The Spirit of Man Bar at The War of the Worlds Immersive Experience or The Crown & Barrel Pub at The Gunpowder Plot at The Tower of London. You can visit London, have a posh stay over, dine out in style, and run away from Martian invaders while you’re at it! I mean, could there be ANY better way to spend your time? Enter now You know the whole British Summer Time thing that goes on in Hyde Park every year? Huge concerts? Adele? Elton? Well, that’s not the only BST-related activity: there’s a whole programme of free stuff that we can all join in on. Great stuff. You’ve got Joe Wicks Largest HIIT Workout (an attempt on the world record), open-air film nights, live music, yoga, circus skills, music workshops and of course the Chef’s Table at The House of Peroni, a brand-new feasting space, pop-up bars, street food, family theatre, the Hard Rock Rising Stage, even performances from the London Handel Orchestra… Well, that’s eight days of bargainous entertainment sorted. June 27-30 and July 4-7, Hyde Park, London W1 Fifty percent off food and drink? Where do we sign up? At The Little Scarlet Door, Soho’s brand new party spot – so brand new it’s not actually properly open yet! – where as part of their opening strategy they are offering up half-price booze and nosh to pre-booked party-goers. As the name suggests, you go through a little scarlet door behind which you’ll find a New York loft-inspired apartment – exposed brick, neon, colour – over two floors with old-school boardgames, vinyl… even a laundry room. And obviously head to the kitchen for your cocktails, charcuterie boards and house toasties. You could probably even get away with slippers. Offer until Sunday, 12-13 Greek Street, W1 Did you become friendlier with your neighbours during lockdown? Well, you’re not alone. Apparently, 25% of us improved our neighbourly skills and Ring, you know the security doorbells people, are hoping to capitalize on this new spirit of togetherness with what they’re calling a NeighbourGood Café, a pop-up where you can connect with the neighbs. Not only that, instead of paying for your food and drink as you would in a regular café, you promise to do a good deed for the community – helping someone with shopping, for instance, dog-sitting, mending a fence. So you get to scoff your brownie or sink your hot chocolate and then do your chores, making new local mates into the bargain. Everyone’s a winner! Until July 2, 12 Sidworth Street, E8 If you’ve been wondering what the big gold building that’s been going up by Centre Point in Tottenham Court Road is, well, it’s part of a huge new development called Outernet, which will eventually have a huge live music space in it. For the time being, you can get in and have a nosey at Tattu, the rooftop restaurant, which is launching its Sunday Sunsets, where you get to enjoy the views over the West End with live music and a modern Chinese menu including dim sum, Szechuan red pork belly and 5 Wagyu beef rib-eye. And we mentioned the live music? And the sunsets? Could be our new regular. From Sunday, The Now Building, WC2 Free food with your date? That’s what dating app Bumble are organizing with the help of rapid delivery company Gorillas. All you have to do is turn up at Vinegar Yard (but turn up early as it’s first come first served) with your date and you get to tuck into complimentary food from the likes of Tony’s Chocolonely and Soho Sandwich Co. as your work your magic. It certainly eliminates the embarrassing moment when someone pretends they want to pick up the bill while the other person pretends to insist they’ll go halves, right? Tomorrow (Thursday) and Friday, Vinegar Yard, SE1 We all love a Pornstar Martini – the one with passion fruit liqueur Passoã and a shot of prosecco – and what better way to enjoy it than at Secret Cinema’s Dirty Dancing screenings… though how we’re going to be able to hold someone above our heads without spilling our drinks has as yet to be determined. It’s a partnership made in heaven with the 1963 holiday resort where Baby gets dragged out of the corner recreated over a huge outdoor London location with live music, dance classes, watermelons, the lot. Go, enjoy, have the time of your life. Come on, you have to allow us that one! July, secret London location Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : McDonald’s launches summer menu – including four new burgers and halloumi fries MORE : These are the coolest new restaurants opening across the UK