Petr Cech disagreed with Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly over his decision to loan Romelu Lukaku back to Inter in a sign of his waning influence prior to leaving, according to reports. The west London club announced on Monday that their legendary former goalkeeper would be leaving his role as Technical and Performance Advisor at the end of the month. ‘It has been a huge privilege to perform this role at Chelsea for the past three years. With the club under new ownership, I feel now is the right time for me to step aside,’ said Cech. ‘I am pleased that the club is now in an excellent position with the new owners, and I am confident of its future success both on and off the pitch.’ However, according to The Telegraph, part of Cech’s decision to leave his role at the club was based on how much his influence had been diluted under the new ownership. Cech had acted as a go-between for Chelsea managers and director Marina Granovskaia, playing an instrumental role in a number of transfer and football decisions – notably recommending goalkeeper Edouard Mendy. But Granovskaia’s departure has seen Boehly take on the role of ‘interim sporting director’, with both the American and manager Thomas Tuchel now predominantly responsible for transfer decisions with Cech sidelined. That was most noticeable in the decision to allow club-record £97.5million signing Lukaku to return to Inter on loan for a fee of just £7m. Tuchel had made it clear the Belgian was not in his plans after a disappointing campaign in which he looked a poor stylistic fit for the German’s style of play, while Boehly was happy to cede to the wishes of both the Chelsea boss and Lukaku – who asked to return to San Siro. But Cech had made it clear that he felt Chelsea should have kept Lukaku for another season and tried harder to make the move work. Both Cech and Granovskaia had been heavily involved in the deal that brought Lukaku to Stamford Bridge and there is a feeling that he has not been given a fair chance to prove himself due to a variety of factors. Cech said as much publicly just days before Boehly agreed to loan Lukaku back to Inter, saying: ‘I personally believe he will have a great season. Last season we saw how strong he can be at the beginning when he came. ‘But unfortunately, the long-term injury he sustained in the game against [Aston] Villa slowed everything down and then he had Covid as well. ‘I think we could see towards the end of the season, when he was fit and ready to go again, how strong he is. I have full confidence he will bounce back and have a strong season.’ MORE : Juventus respond to Chelsea’s player-plus-cash offer for Matthijs de Ligt MORE : Chelsea ‘disappear off the map’ in Jules Kounde pursuit after prioritising different centre-back For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 