Joe Exotic has jumped right into another relationship after splittig up with his prison fiancé. The Tiger King star, who’s currently serving a 21-year sentence, fell in love with former inmate John Graham behind bars, however, their romance fell flat when Graham was released from prison. According to Exotic’s divorce lawyer, his ex-partner has since moved on with somebody new, TMZ reports. The publication also claims Exotic remains on good terms with Graham’s son and his family members despite their relationship ending. But all is not lost though as the ex-zookeeper is already moving on himself and is back with his former partner, Seth Posey. Speaking in an audio clip, Exotic says: ‘Me and Seth have decided to pick up where we left off.’ ‘I don’t expect anyone to respect this but I would like to have everyone let me just be happy for a change,’ he adds. Exotic had previously announced his engagement to Graham in April in a handwritten letter that was shared on his social media account. ‘Everyone, John Robert Graham and I are officially engaged and plan to marry as soon as my divorce is final,’ he penned. ‘We were together over one year in prison and he is home now with our son. I have never met such an amazing man in my life. He treats me so well, you will love him.’ Exotic concluded the letter: ‘Let’s hope I’m home in Sioux Falls, S.D (South Dakota) to get married soon.’ His relationship with Graham came after he split from his soon-to-be ex-husband Dillon Passage. Exotic has had five husbands, first marrying Brian Rhyne in the late 1980s. He died of HIV complications in 2001. He then met his next partner, JC Hartpence, who helped him to create his travelling show. John Finlay and Travis Maldonado were Exotic’s third and fourth husbands and featured on Tiger King. They got married in 2014 in a three-way ceremony however, less than a year later, Finlay wanted out. Then, in 2017, Maldonado died tragically after accidentally shooting himself. Exotic went on to meet Passage on a dating app. His most recent husband was Dillon, who also featured on Tiger King. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 