A dad died of advanced cancer aged 56, just two months after he was diagnosed with indigestion. ‘Kind and loving’ Stuart Simpson was given peptides as a treatment at first, but they did not stop the pain in his side he was experiencing. He went back to the doctor in Nottingham and was given blood tests, which flagged up that something was wrong and he was sent straight to hospital. More investigations found that he had tumours on his lungs and bowels, and he died of stage four bowel and liver cancer this month after first going to the doctor in April. From then, things happened too quickly for him to even start treatment. Stuart’s ex-partner, Joanne Nunns, had a three-year-old daughter, Amber Williams, when they first got together, and Stuart quickly became a father figure to Amber. He was also a father to Sam, 18, who he shared with Joanne, and also spent time with Sam’s siblings Joshua and Renesmae. Amber, now 25, said: ‘It was such a shock – it was so quick. I don’t see my real Dad so Stu was always there. He was always there to talk to when I needed him. That’s the kind of person he was – always there to give help to anyone who needed it. ‘He never asked questions, he was just there. I have two sons, Cody and Kallum, and Stu loved them. He always sent them birthday cards and asked how they were doing. He was an important part of our family.’ Stuart spent a week in hospital after the lumps were discovered and was then discharged to his flat in Nottingham where he had a cat. But his family from Doncaster decided to go down and bring him back up with them, as he was not able to do much except lie in bed and they wanted to look after him. Joanne Nunns said: ‘We had a son together – eventually our love broke down but our friendship remained really strong. He became like a brother to me after that. ‘I could talk to him about anything and I used to ring him all the time. We had so much in common – I’m originally from South Africa and he is originally from Zimbabwe so we had lots of memories to share. ‘Stuart was not only a father, brother, uncle, son and best friend. He was so much more. Stuart was kind, caring and loving. His compassion towards his family, friends, work colleagues, and animals were heartfelt and will be sadly missed. Stuart was a peaceful person, he enjoyed reading, he loved nature, and he enjoyed growing plants in his home. ‘Stuart was a kind, loving man, he would do absolutely anything to help a friend in need, he was generous and would often put others before himself. Even though we are all extremely shocked and saddened at the news of his passing, and our hearts are aching, we know that Stuart is at peace and no longer in pain or suffering.’ Joanne said he would probably have gone on to have chemotherapy if he had been strong enough ‘but we didn’t even get time for that’. Stuart was an active member of his local church at St Margret’s in Nottingham, and also worked in the payroll department for the NHS. Joanne, Amber and Stuart’s family are now raising money to be able to give him the send off he deserves. They have set up a GoFundMe page to raise money for his funeral. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.