It’s the start of a new week, and this could be a big one. The opportunities promised at the end of last week are continuing to come your way. Meanwhile Mercury’s move into Gemini could heighten your emotions. Leo, you should use the coming days to connect with old friends and family. Were you putting things off during Mercury’s retrograde, Pisces? We don’t blame you. But it’s now time to get moving again. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for June 13, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 With lively Mercury moving into Gemini, your heart may follow wherever your head leads. If you have much information to assimilate, the next few weeks can help you gain a useful overview. The Moon in a forward-looking zone enhances your desire to explore new options. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 As inquisitive Mercury moves into your money zone, you’ll have an eye for a bargain. You may be tempted to get an item you’ve coveted on a special deal. Your bold approach might be rewarded – and you could find a way to obtain it at a very small price. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You love sampling information and discovering new things. Once expressive Mercury enters your sign today, this tendency can be enhanced. This is a time of making discoveries that inspire you to have a go. The hard work comes later but for now you’ll be fired with enthusiasm about an idea. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Peace of mind can be scarce in this day and age. Even so, the focus on a spiritual sector could inspire you to learn mindfulness or meditation. Ready to let go of something that has bothered you for a while? With Saturn in reverse in an intense zone, this may be a good time to do so. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Social connections look livelier and can be the reason why you feel like exploring new possibilities. As the planet of talk and thought enters Gemini, the next few weeks can find you eager to liaise with new friends and old. Through encounters and chats, much may be accomplished. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 This buoyant and upbeat day may be made all the more interesting by Mercury’s return to your sector of ambition. You won’t mind juggling plans and projects if it means you’re moving towards your goal. The Moon in a private zone encourages you to tune into a deeper pulse. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Everywhere you look, there may be opportunities for the taking. There is so much potential that the next few days can find you spoiled for choice. Social events can be a hotbed of brilliant ideas and options. Grasp any chance that resonates with your sense of purpose. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 The focus on a more sensitive sector is emphasised as Mercury moves into Gemini. With the Sun already in this sign, you may be keen to discuss issues linked to deep-seated emotions. Removing such blocks could have a positive effect on key areas of life. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You’ll be in your element with the Moon in your sign aligning with Jupiter, which can pave the way for new adventures, such as a potential romance. A relationship that is under way could experience new excitement. Whatever thrills you today may be ramped up to new heights tomorrow. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 As agile Mercury enters Gemini and your lifestyle sector, you may be restless. If this interferes with getting things done, exercise may be the answer. A nature walk or a workout could leave you feeling more at ease – and channelling your creativity into projects might also be satisfying. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Your leisure zone sparkles with energy as eloquent Mercury moves into Gemini, inspiring you to try new hobbies. You could be in a flirtatious mood and find you are attracted to those with interesting ideas. Yet with Saturn rewinding in your sign, a more pensive mood can be registered Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Your home zone becomes a hive of activity as the planet of talk and thought moves in. If projects have been on the back burner due to Mercury’s retro phase, now is the time to start again. You’ll have a fresh perspective on key plans, making it easier to act on them and succeed. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for June 5 to June 11 MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you