A retired pig farmer accused of killing his wife and dumping her body in a septic tank showed her barely any affection but heaped praise on the family dog, a court has heard. David Venables, 89, is said by prosecutors to have ‘got away with murder’ for nearly 40 years by disposing of wife Brenda in 1982. The remains of Mrs Venables, 48, were found in the underground cesspit at the former marital home, Quaking House Farm, in Kempsey, Worcestershire, in 2019. Worcester Crown Court has previously heard that Venables, then 49, had rekindled a ‘longstanding’ affair he was having with his mother’s former carer months before his wife disappeared. He has previously claimed Gloucestershire serial killer Fred West may have been responsible for his wife’s death. Jurors heard Mrs Venables had visited both her GP and a consultant psychiatrist to help her deal with her mental health after becoming depressed by her husband’s ‘multiple affairs’ and the fact she was unable to conceive. She reportedly told her psychiatrist Dr Richards, that she and her husband had not had sex since 1969 and were sleeping separately. The court heard doctors tried to make appointments to see the couple together, but Venables repeatedly said he was ‘too busy’. However, when he was interviewed by the police, he claimed their marriage had been ordinary and that they were still sleeping together, it was said. Jurors were told Dr Richards tried to have Mrs Venables hospitalised some time before her death, saying she was depressed and needed treatment. But according to notes read out in court, the move was blocked by her husband. Dr Richards called him a ‘typical farmer – displaying little to no affection to his wife but showering praise on the family dog’. When interviewed by police, Venables confirmed he had been in a 14-year relationship with now-dead mother-of-three Lorraine Styles but denied it was an affair. ‘I wouldn’t call it an affair – it was quite casual,’ he said. An officer replied: ‘Having sex with a woman over a 14-year period, I think she would say that’s some sort of relationship. That’s not casual.’ But Venables said the relationship had been ‘overplayed’ and told officers he ‘never’ planned to leave his wife for Ms Styles. Venables, of Kempsey, denies murdering his wife between May 2 and May 5, 1982. The trial, scheduled to last six weeks, continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.