Friday is set to come close to the record for the UK’s hottest ever day in June, as the country continues to sizzle in a ‘dangerous’ heat wave. The Met Office does not expect the long-standing record to be broken, but the anticipated 34C heat will near the 35.6°C high seen in the notoriously warm summer of 1976. The day after tomorrow is highly likely to be the hottest day of the year, though. The hot weather is expected to continue for the next few days but peak on Friday, with much of the country experiencing dry, sunny heat – though it will be cooler with spells of rain in the north. Sunbathers have been warned against ‘overdoing it’ while enjoying the warm weather, with very high UV levels expected. Parts of the South East, London and Wales are expected to see the highest temperatures on Friday – hotter than Portugal, Jamaica, Costa Rica, the Canary Islands and Cyprus. The Met Office have issued a heat alert warning people about the dangers of heat – with those looking to swim in open water or use public transport warned to be wary. Asked by Metro.co.uk about the chance of the record being broken, the Met Office’s Grahame Madge said: ‘The UK June temp record was set in 1976 when it reached 35.6°C at Mayflower Park in Southampton. ‘Our forecasters are indicating likely values reaching 34°C on Friday in some spots. ‘So we don’t think at present that we are likely to be in record-breaking temperature territory. ‘ He continued: ‘Although 34°C is unusual in June it isn’t unprecedented. ‘If we see 34°C on Friday (the peak day for heat) then it will be the third time in six years. But before that we have to go back to 1976.’ But others believe there is a chance of records toppling. Other forecasters said computer model maps show 36°C is possible, while bookmakers are slashing odds on a new hottest day record. Netweather said earlier this week: ‘Some forecast maps runs show 36°C, which would be the June record.’ The Weather Outlook forecaster Brian Gaze echoed that position, adding: ‘Computer models have 35-36°C maximum temperatures.’ Coral spokesman Harry Aitkenhead added: ‘The June record is firmly under threat. It’s around a 50/50 call as to whether history record books are rewritten.’ The first Government heatwave alert of this summer has been issued ahead of stifling ‘tropical nights’ of more than 20°C – which threaten the at-risk old, ill and very young. The alert – from tomorrow night, put hospitals on alert for an increase in admissions and ordered health and social workers to prepare to make daily contact with the ill, vulnerable and elderly. Public Health England figures show that 2,256 excess UK deaths were recorded during heatwaves in 2020. Agostinho Sousa of the UK Health Security Agency said: ‘We want everyone to be aware of good health advice for coping with warmer conditions. ‘It is especially important to keep checking on those who are most vulnerable, such as older people and those with heart or lung conditions. Make sure to look out for signs of heat exhaustion.’ Craig Snell, a Met Office forecaster, added: ‘Very high UV levels are expected in the South this week, meaning people should really avoid being in the sun during the midday hours. ‘Wearing sunglasses, a shirt, a hat and sunscreen are essential to protect the eyes and skin, and drinking lots of water is important – long exposure to the sun can be dangerous. ‘People should avoid overdoing it. We all love the sunny weather, but being sensible can help you avoid a nasty sunburn.’ Those on public transport have been advised to take common sense precaution like bringing a bottle of water and those with hayfever have been advised to be wary of very high pollen levels. The hottest day of the year so far was the 27.5°C (81.5°F) high set in mid-May at Heathrow. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : How to sleep well in warm weather, according to a sleep scientist