Britney Spears and Sam Asghari have officially married six years after meeting, and their big day was nothing short of magical. The Toxic star, 40, married actor Sam, 28, at her home in Thousand Oaks, Los Angeles, after getting engaged in September 2021. Britney and Sam had met in 2016 on the set of the Slumber Party music video, for which the singer hand-picked him from a series of images at a casting. The pair chose to have a small, intimate ceremony at home with close friends and family – with Britney’s mother Lynne, father Jamie, and sister Jamie-Lynn notably absent. Britney told Vogue: ‘We really wanted to make this a small and beautiful moment with family and friends. ‘We wanted warm and feminine colours including blush, white, cream, and gold, and a lot of various shades of pinks, blush, and reds.’ Britney’s wedding dress was an off-the-shoulder white Versace dress with a split up the leg paired with a white veil with a satin trim, while Sam opted for a tuxedo from Versace. The bride’s make-up was designed by Charlotte Tilbury herself, with her niece Sofia on hand to bring the look to life. Britney wore 62 carats of diamonds by Stephanie Gottlieb, who also designed the couple’s wedding rings. The singer’s home was decorated with delicate flowers, which carried over to a fairytale carriage which was parked outside, complete with a white horse with golden hooves and white feathers on its head. Britney and Sam said their vows in a 10-minute ceremony under a tent draped in velvet blush, with stars including Madonna, Selena Gomez, Drew Barrymore, Paris Hilton and Carter Reum, Ansel Elgort, will.i.am, and Donatella Versace looking on. The singer changed into three more Versace outfits after the ceremony, including a black minidress, a two-toned look and a red minidress for the party. While Britney and Sam did not have a first dance, the singer boogied to her own hit Toxic with Madonna and Selena Gomez, before hopping on the mic to sing Stars Are Blind with Paris Hilton. The night ended at 10.15pm as the newlyweds left the house in a Rolls Royce while their guests surrounded their car with sparklers to see them off. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears’ wedding to Sam Asghari included recreation of iconic Madonna VMAs kiss – and Paris Hilton singing with the bride MORE : Britney Spears’ ex-husband Jason Alexander attempts to crash wedding to Sam Asghari while live-streaming 