Eamonn Holmes has had to take time away from presenting GB News after undergoing some ‘unexpected’ hospital treatment. The presenter has been away from his regular hosting gig with Isabel Webster but promised he will be back next week. Eamonn, 62, wrote on Twitter: ‘Hi everyone, Many of you have been asking why I haven’t been presenting GB News for the past week. ‘Unfortunately, due to a reoccurence [sic] of a long-term back condition, I’ve had to undergo some unexpected hospital treatment and am now following Doctor’s orders by taking a short time off. ‘However, I’m looking forward to being back alongside Isabel, my Breakfast co-presenter and friend, next week. Even though I only joined GB News six months ago the whole team and our amazing audience have shown me immense support which has been greatly appreciated. ‘I now just need some time with my family to heal and recuperate. See you soon, Eamonn.’ Eamonn has been open about struggling with chronic back issues, recently undergoing some extreme cupping to help with the pain. He recently told Best magazine about how he gets through the daily pain, explaining: ‘Swearing has got a bad reputation – which I personally think it doesn’t deserve. ‘I have to be honest, I like a swear or two or three… it makes me feel better. How can anyone deal with pain without swearing? ‘I have had a lot of pain over the past five or six years, so my swear box runneth over. I’m not saying it’s better than a couple of painkilling tablets, but it certainly has an initial short, sharp effect.’ As well as painkillers, the GB News presenter does daily exercises and sees a physiotherapist daily and visits a masseuse to help ease his symptoms. Eamonn joined the GB News Breakfast Show in January 2022 after leaving ITV’s This Morning, which he hosted with his wife Ruth Langsford. Breakfast With Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays at 6am on GB News. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eamonn Holmes undergoes extreme cupping for chronic back issues: ‘How am I supposed to get into bed now?’ MORE : Eamonn Holmes hit with hundreds of Ofcom complaints after calling for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to be ‘thrown over the balcony’ 