Amber Heard may still be appearing in Aquaman 2 after all, as the actress has rubbished reports of her being cut from the sequel. The Rum Diary actress is set to reprise her role as Mera in the upcoming blockbuster, officially titled Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom, which will also star Jason Momoa once again as the titular character. However, a Warner Bros. source reportedly claimed that studio bosses had quietly axed Heard’s scenes from the movie after she lost her libel trial against ex-husband Johnny Depp. Depp, 59, sued Heard over an article she wrote detailing her domestic abuse experience for The Washington Post in 2018. The op-ed did not name the Pirates of the Caribbean actor but he argued it did suggest he was physically and sexually abusive towards Heard during their marriage. After a six-week televised trial, the jury agreed and found that Heard did defame Depp with the article. In light of the verdict, it was suggested that Warner Bros. had made the decision to cut ties with Heard. Responding to the claims, a spokesperson told Variety on behalf of the actress: ‘The rumour mill continues as it has from day one – inaccurate, insensitive and slightly insane.’ It comes after a source close to the movie studio told Just Jared: ‘Warner Bros. decided to recast Amber Heard‘s role after screen testing the movie. They are going to be doing reshoots with Jason Momoa and Nicole Kidman.’ However, another insider later said: ‘Amber has not been completely cut from the film. She still has a small role.’ A petition to have Heard fired from Aquaman 2 gathered momentum during the trial, and reached over 4.6million signatures. During the trial, it was revealed that Momoa, 42, stepped in to save Heard’s role in Aquaman 2 alongside the movie’s director James Wan, as they were ‘committed to her’ and were ‘adamant she was in the film’. Entertainment expert Kathryn Arnold testified that Heard was ‘fighting for her life’ to be in the film and was paid $2m (£1.6m) to star in the sequel, the same salary she reportedly received for the first instalment. It’s alleged that Momoa managed to renegotiate his salary for Aquaman 2 from an estimated $3m (£2.3m) to $15m (£12m). Heard had also testified that she was given a new script for Aquaman 2 with a ‘very pared-down version’ of her role. She also denied that she only got the role because of her connection to Depp. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amber Heard blasts Johnny Depp’s lawyer Camille Vasquez for defending ex-husband after losing defamation trial MORE : Amber Heard claims Johnny Depp lied on stand about not hitting her in first interview after losing defamation trial 