Humpday is here, the weekend is in sight. Whether you’re breezing through the week or counting down the minutes until Friday night, let your star signs guide you through the day. Whether you’re full of ideas, Taurus, need to sort your finances, Sagittarius, or have someone in mind for a hook-up, Cancer, the word to the wise this Wednesday is to focus. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for June 22, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 The emphasis on your sign can find you energised and ready to make a big splash. Yet feelings around money and ambitions are heightened. Determined to seize an opportunity? If so, you’ll be keen to give an extra push to make it happen. You’ll have an irresistible way with words. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Ready to take an idea further? You won’t be shy about going after something that brings security for the future. It might be an easy decision but it could have far-reaching effects if you follow it through to its natural conclusion. Aspects of your life could change. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You could become obsessed with something, with a desire to make it your own. Once you set your mind on it, you won’t give up easily. But is it in your best interests? It might not be but this won’t stop you if you’ve decided you can’t live without it. Wait: tomorrow you might not feel the same. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Is someone eager for you to date them or even to collaborate with them? If you’ve been subjected to persuasion tactics, you might be ready to cave in. But should you? You’ll have a different perspective on life in a few days. If you still feel it’s worth going ahead, then fine. If not, then say no. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 If you could pull a few strings, it might be easier to get what you want. Something related to a goal or your career might stand out as desirable, even urgent. But does that mean you should go for it? In a day or so your thoughts might have shifted. Revisit it in a week and see how you feel. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Although a relationship seems to be moving nicely, it might be wise to wait a few days to get your bearings before promising anything. Your feelings could change or you might feel that this person is too demanding for your liking. Just be sure this is what you want. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 A lighter and brighter note to the day might also feel intense. It’s a chance to be with friends and take a break from an issue that has been on your mind. Getting this distance might be enough to help you see it for what it is. It could end up being too much trouble to bother with. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 A willingness to help others and to be a force for good in your community can lead to you getting involved in projects you’ll enjoy. You could have a healing and magnetic presence, and there are times when others might be drawn to you. Make some new friends. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You could become too focused on the minutiae of your financial situation and be making a huge effort to micromanage. While it helps to have a plan, you can give yourself some leeway as long as everything is under control. Relax and splurge a little. Allowing yourself some extra treats is no bad thing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You’ll be anything but light-hearted and relaxed. It will be easy to blow things out of proportion and to imbue them with emotions that could seem over-the-top as soon as tomorrow. Take extreme feelings with a pinch of salt. While they can seem to consume you at the time, they will blow over fast. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 If you’re feeling emotional about a home or family issue, things can shift from tomorrow, when a more rational and detached approach could help you see the light. You’ll realise there are other options after all and that your choice of what to do next is much wider than you thought. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Looking to learn a new skill? This can be a great time to study, as you could do very well. Equally, if you’re keen to travel or to explore other fresh opportunities, this is your chance. Whatever you learn might be useful to your future. Get an intuitive nudge to explore a new interest? Then go for it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for June 19 to 25 – and the start of Cancer season MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you