Maya Vander has revealed the devastating news that she suffered a miscarriage, 10 weeks into her pregnancy. The Selling Sunset star shared the tragic update on her Instagram story, just months after she endured a stillbirth with husband David Miller. Sharing a photo of her son Aiden as he slept, the 39-year-old wrote: ‘I had a very crazy week. ‘Miscarriage after 10 weeks … following my stillbirth … ‘But my kids and my husband are absolutely my blessing and I am so lucky to be their mother!! ‘They bring joy and happiness to my life!! Hug and love the people you care about. Don’t take things for granted!’ Maya is mom to son Auden and daughter Elle, and has taken Netflix viewers with her on her baby journeys. The realtor opened up about her devastation after she lost her son at the 38-week mark at the end of last year, and had to go through the trauma of giving birth. ‘I always heard of it but never imagined I’ll be part of the statistics,’ she shared with fans at the time. ‘Instead of delivering a baby, I get to go home with a memory box. ‘I do not wish this on anyone. What was a regular weekly checkup turned into a nightmare that I never imagine will happen to me. ‘Given I share my pregnancies in the show I knew I’ll have to post about this and avoid the ‘when is your due date’ question. You will always be in our heart baby Mason.’ Maya was dealt another blow as she had to watch the most recent series of the hit Netflix show and relive her heartbreak once again. ‘Then I had to watch the show,’ she told Metro.co.uk. ‘And I’m very much pregnant there and I don’t have the baby. It wasn’t as easy to watch. ‘I wasn’t sitting there sobbing with tears, I just kind of sat and watched the whole season as a whole, not focusing on just me being pregnant. Was it easy? No, but I watched it and managed to survive.’ Maya is hoping to raise awareness of stillbirth by talking about her experience publicly, and help others feel less alone. ‘I’m still carrying the trauma,’ Maya added. ‘We had amazing support and they helped us through this crazy story. I never thought in my life I was going to be pregnant and lose the baby at such a late stage of the pregnancy. ‘It’s something that I’m still dealing but we’re doing better. Time helps a little bit with this event.’ MORE : Bill Nye the Science Guy marries author Liza Mundy in intimate ceremony MORE : What does the winner of The Great British Sewing Bee get? 