We’ve all been there. You have a rubbish day a work, leave the second the clock hits 5pm (or 4.58pm, if we’re being honest), and genuinely consider running away and hiding, never to be seen by your employers again. Usually, the daydreams are dashed by the impracticality of living in a tent or fleeing the country. But great news, gang: if you’ve got some cash spare, your fantasy could become a reality. Yep, for the grand price of £18,000, you could become the owner of your very own underground bunker, tucked away in a field in Yorkshire. And who’s going to think of looking for you there? Off New Road in Badsworth, Pontefract, sits what could be the perfect space to get away from it all. It’s a former Cold War observation station, once manned by volunteers of the Royal Observation Corps, with space above and below ground included in the sale. In terms of outdoor areas, whoever wins the auction bidding (taking place on June 21) will get 2,411 sq ft of space, including a nice block of concrete you could use as a seat. That block of concrete is actually a locked entrance hatch. Open that up and you’ll find a 20ft long ladder, which takes you down to an underground chamber offering 109 sq ft of interior space. This chamber would have housed the observers, their tools, and welfare facilities, and still has a desk and chair setup to prove it. Perhaps this could be a handy office, for when you want to work with zero distractions. There’s also a smaller room, which would have housed a chemical toilet. As you’d expect, conditions of the bunker weren’t what you’d call plush, and there haven’t been any renovations to up the interiors. There’s no running water down there, no gas, no electric, and we doubt you’d manage to get any wifi. In fact, the only communications within the bunker came from a loud speaker intercom device, connected to UKWMO Group HQ and the other posts within the cluster. There was no telephone, though, so no way to have a chat in response. If you fancy putting in a bid on the plot, you can book in a viewing of the site, with a warning that this will need to be on foot during daylight hours. You won’t be able to do an internal inspection of the bunker before buying it, however, for safety reasons. If you fancy putting in a bid, you can find out more through the Rightmove listing. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Take a look inside a rare art deco house from the 1930s, saved from being demolished MORE : Inside south London’s abandoned VIP nuclear bunker MORE : Everything you need to know about buying a house with shared ownership