Temperatures are rising and this weekend is set to be a scorcher. When hot weather comes all we ever want is an ice-cold drink to cool our bodies. Over the coming days our cravings for one will be stronger than ever and Costa Coffee is on hand to help. Today Costa Club members are being encouraged to scan the Costa Club mobile app when buying a drink in participating stores, via Click & Collect or when using a self-serve Costa Express machine. When registered members do this, they will receive a voucher entitling them to a free over ice drink. The voucher will then be valid to use between Saturday Jun 18 and Thursday June 23 in participating Costa Coffee stores. We’ll repeat that, just so everything’s clear: you’ll need to buy a drink to be entitled to your free one, and you’ll need to be a Costa Club member (it’s not too tricky to join, you just have to download the app), and you’ll need to remember to scan your app. So there are a couple of hurdles to sipping on a nice cool beverage. If coffee is your thing, you’ll be able to nab iced lattes and mochas but if you’re not a fan you can take your pick from Costa’s FuzeTea Iced Tea range, which is a selection of fruit coolers and lemonades. We’d like to note, however, that it’s actually recommended you don’t drink caffeine in hot weather. Too much caffeine can contribute to dehydration, and if you’re someone who gets the jitters, be warned that they’re perhaps even less fun on a hot, sweaty day. So, as much as we may sound like your mum: make sure that you’re balancing out your iced coffees with plenty of glasses of water, even if said coffee is free. (And while you’re at it, perhaps make your own iced coffee at home… that’ll save you from having to buy that first drink to get your free one) Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Heatwave: How to make a DIY air con system using ice and a fan MORE : How to exercise safely during a heatwave – 6 hot weather workout tips MORE : What to do to stay safe during UK heatwave and how to look out for others