Boris Johnson was branded ‘delusional’ by senior Tories last night after saying he was ‘actively thinking’ about a third term. The prime minister said he was planning on fighting the next two elections, in a run that would see him outlast Margaret Thatcher’s 11-year reign and become the longest-serving post-war leader. His desire to lead the nation into the 2030s comes despite his own MPs plotting to oust him after suffering two bruising by-election defeats in the wake partygate, Tory sleaze scandals and the cost of living crisis. Tory MP Andrew Bridgen, who is leading the charge for a second no confidence vote, said: ‘When I heard he plans to stay until 2030, I thought he was talking about the 24-hour clock. ‘I’m more than happy for him to stay until 20:30. He can even stay until nine o’clock if he wants — so long as he’s gone before Parliament breaks up for summer.’ Speaking to reporters on the final day of the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Kigali, Rwanda, the PM said the government was ’embarked on a colossal project to unite and level up’. And asked if he would lead the Conservatives into the next election, he said: ‘Will I win? Yes. ‘I am thinking actively about the third term and what could happen then. But I will review that when I get to it.’ Polls suggest Labour would win a general election if one was held now and several Tory MPs have warned the PM’s days are numbered. No 10 suggested the prime minister was joking when he made the comment. However, cabinet minister Brandon Lewis said Mr Johnson is serious about considering a third term during media rounds this morning. He told the Sophie Ridge on Sunday show: ‘What I want is a Prime Minister who is not thinking about the next few months, but he is thinking about that long term change we need in our country. ‘I’m very clear. I want our country to have a Conservative-led government for a very, very long time.’ Mr Lewis also said there is ‘no point’ in the PM ‘pretending he’s somebody else’, after he insisted he will not undergo a ‘psychological transformation’. The comment infuriated Tory MPs who have questioned his bullish mood after a difficult few weeks. Earlier this month, 41% Conservative MPs voted against Mr Johnson in a confidence vote. Rebels are said to be plotting to change the rules to hold another one after losing Tiverton and Honiton to the Lib Dems and Wakefield to the Labour in on Friday. The humiliating by-election defeats sparked the resignation of one cabinet minister, Conservative party co-chair Oliver Dowden, who declared that someone ‘must take responsibility’ and business ‘can’t go on as usual’. But the PM shrugged off the criticism and said he won’t change his behaviour in a series of bizarre interviews on Saturday. Mr Johnson said the idea that he would undergo a ‘psychological transformation’ was ‘not going to happen’. He also indicated he thinks serious questions about his ethical conduct ‘doesn’t matter’. ‘As a leader you have to distinguish between the criticism that really matters and the criticism that doesn’t,’ he told the BBC. He claimed the public were ‘heartily sick of hearing about me and the things I’m alleged to have done wrong’. He later told Sky News that people wanted to hear less about the ‘things I stuffed up’ and said he believed questions over this leadership had been settled. However, Tory MPs have described the prime minister’s determination to go ‘on and on’ as ‘breathtaking’. Speaking to The Observer, one former supporter of the prime minister, an ex-cabinet minister, described Mr Johnson’s remarks as ‘completely delusional’. A senior MP from a ‘red wall’ seat also told the newspaper he was ‘showing increasing signs of a bunker mentality, and that never ends well’. Tory rebels are said to be plotting another attempt to oust the prime minister by changing party rules so another vote of confidence can be held. Under the current rules of the Tories’ 1922 Committee, a leader who wins a no-confidence vote, even narrowly, is immune from facing another one for 12 months, meaning Mr Johnson is likely to remain as Tory leader until at least June next year. However, the committee’s 18 officers are able to change the rules and cut the immunity period to six months or less – a proposal that some members have  touted. According to the Telegraph, three MPs who want Mr Johnson gone are seeking election to the 18 most senior posts on the 1922 Committee. The prime minister, for his part, is said to be planning a series of ‘barbecues and drinks’ at Chequers for party loyalists to shore up support this summer. The ‘summer sausage offensive’ is planned as several events in the second half of July, insiders told the Daily Mail. The PM refused to be drawn in on questions about his future at the G7 Summit in Germany today. Asked if his aspirations are delusional, Mr Johnson said: ‘What I’m saying is this is a Government that is getting on with delivering for the people of this country and we’ve got a huge amount to do.’ He said the ‘golden rule’ is to ‘focus on what we are doing’ – to address the cost of living, the “massive” plan for a stronger economy, and ‘making sure that the UK continues to offer the kind of leadership around the world that I know our people want’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.