Alex Scott has said the misogynistic remarks and death threats she receives won’t stop her continuing as a football presenter, as she feels it is her ‘responsibility to change perceptions.’ The former Arsenal and England star, 37, will be on the panel of pundits commentating for the BBC during the upcoming Women’s European Championship, where England are among the favourites to win the tournament, which begins on July 6 and runs until the end of the month. Scott has previously faced push back in her role, including from former Labour minister and ex-House of Lords member Digby Jones last year, who criticised her pronunciation and asked if someone could give her elocution lessons. Speaking to Radio Times, Scott revealed the transition from football star to TV pundit has not been easy. However, the TV presenter said she told the BBC’s director of sport, Barbara Slater, that she ‘didn’t want to be taken off air because then who wins?’ She added: ‘I’ve had so many tweets saying I should be at home ironing or cooking. ‘I don’t care about those, but sometimes people threaten my life and those have to be taken seriously. ‘It’s my responsibility to change perceptions by sitting in that chair and talking about football.’ The female England squad will be led by Dutch manager Sarina Wiegman, who won the Women’s Euros with the Netherlands in 2017. Female football has steadily become more popular over the years, with more women and girls picking up the sport, according to the Football Association. Scott noted the game’s growth has had its downsides and feels diversity within the teams needs to be addressed. She said concrete pitches in council estate areas ‘aren’t as important anymore’ as ‘academies have appeared that are maybe two hours away, and an inner-city street kid doesn’t have the financial means to access them.’ ‘One of the girls I’m mentoring said that when she looks at the England team she doesn’t see herself represented… That needs to be addressed,’ she added. Gabby Logan, who is leading the BBC’s TV coverage of the tournament, hopes it will continue to inspire young girls to pick up the sport. She said: ‘Spain might be the bookies’ favourites, but some of the England squad have been treated like professionals since they were in their teens and so, yes, it feels like a good time. ‘I’m going to say it: England can win, and then a whole generation of young girls will be inspired to play football.’ Last year, Lord Digby, who previously acted as Minister of State for Trade and Investment and retired from the House of Lords in 2020, tweeted: ‘Enough! I can’t stand it anymore! Alex Scott spoils a good presentational job on the BBC Olympics Team with her very noticeable inability to pronounce her ‘g’s at the end of a word. Competitors are NOT taking part, Alex, in the fencin, rowin, boxin, kayakin, weightliftin & swimmin. ‘She’s hot on the heels of Beth Rigby at Sky the Home Secretary for God’s sake! Can’t someone give these people elocution lessons? I fear that it may be aped by youngsters along the lines of the use of the moronic interrogative originally caused by “Neighbours”; on behalf of the English Language…..Help!’ Scott herself saw the tweets, and issued a brilliant clapback, sharing her pride at growing up in East London. The 36-year-old, who was born in Poplar to a Jamaican father and an Irish mother, tweeted: ‘I’m from a working class family in East London, Poplar, Tower Hamlets & I am PROUD. Proud of the young girl who overcame obstacles, and proud of my accent! It’s me, it’s my journey, my grit. ‘A quick one to any young kids who may not have a certain kind of privilege in life. Never allow judgments on your class, accent, or appearance hold you back.  Use your history to write your story. Keep striving, keep shining & don’t change for anyone. ‘Tweets like this just give me the energy to keep going. See you tomorrow.. live on BBC baby.’ Read the full interview in the Radio Times, out now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Football fan called police officer ‘Muslim c*** with a turban’ after Chelsea game MORE : Kirstie Allsopp insists she swallowed an AirPod while downing vitamins and people are… confused 