Virginia Giuffre, the woman who claimed Prince Andrew sexually abused her, is now facing accusations that she assaulted an alleged victim of Jeffrey Epstein. Rina Oh, 43, claims Ms Giuffre, 38, touched her without her consent at a Manhattan townhouse belonging to the paedophile billionaire in 2001. Speaking to the New York Post, she said: ‘I went into the massage room and [Giuffre] touched me without my consent; she sexually abused me.’ She added: ‘I was standing there, frozen like a deer. I did not move. I was in shock. I felt mortified and was uncomfortable.’ According to a court document filed in New York, Ms Oh alleges that Ms Giuffre ‘and other females sexually assaulted [Oh] while Epstein watched’. It goes on to allege that Ms Giuffre was used by the disgraced financier to ‘groom and bring many more girls to Epstein, including minors as an adult’. Ms Giuffre, who recently accepted millions of pounds as part of a settlement with the Duke of York, denies the allegations. Her attorney, Kat Thomas, told the Post: ‘The allegations of sexual assault against Ms Giuffre are not true.’ Ms Oh has described being introduced to Epstein in 2000 while on ‘the rebound from a relationship that had just ended’. While accepting she once referred to him as her ‘rich, older boyfriend’, she now insists she was in fact one of his many sex abuse victims. Ms Giuffre filed a counterclaim saying she had been ‘the victim of the sadomasochist sexual play and physical abuse perpetrated against her by Ms Oh’. She claims they included ‘cutting, slashing and other physical injuries during the sadomasochist sessions that have left (her) with permanent emotional and physical scars’. Ms Oh told the Post: ‘I never heard of anyone doing anything like that during my involvement with Jeffrey Epstein. ‘I am not that kind of person. I am afraid of needles and faint when my blood gets taken.’ Ms Giuffre accepted a financial settlement – reported to be as much as £12million – to end her civil sexual assault case against Prince Andrew. She claimed the duke had sex with her when she was 17 and had been trafficked by his friend Epstein. Andrew has always vehemently denied the allegations, insisting he had no recollection of ever meeting Ms Giuffre. He did not accept any liability as part of the settlement, but said he acknowledged Ms Giuffre had been a victim of abuse. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.