Are your first dates a little… hazy? There’s no shame in having a boozy first date – they can be fun – but if you’re looking to deeply connect with someone, it might be an idea to try sober dating. It’s a trend that Hinge have picked up on in their latest research, as half of app users want to be in ‘the right state of mind’ when getting to know someone, so are favouring low-drinking dates. We’ve all been there; when someone seems great but the next day you realise that actually they just had the benefit of your vodka-tinted vision. Changing the role alcohol plays in your dating life is one way to cut that awkwardness. Hinge say more users are open to sober dates than they were this time last year, perhaps as the novelty of drinking and socialising after three lockdowns has worn off a little. For those who are drinking, the average limit for millennials is two drinks, while for Gen Z it’s three. Moderation is what seems to be important to people, as 50% of those surveyed said it would be a deal breaker if a love interest drank too much on a first date. Logan Ury, Hinge’s director of relationship science, says: ‘If you want to try something different this summer, suggest a zero-proof date – one that doesn’t involve alcohol. ‘In addition to saving money, you’ll also have the chance to connect more authentically. And that’s one of the best ways to have a first date turn into a second one.’ Whether you’re drinking ‘more intentionally’ or not at all, these are some tips to break the habit of a pub date. Is a shot of liquid confidence your go-to before heading out to meet someone? Logan says: ‘Singles say they rely on drinking on early dates to help them relax and enjoy themselves. ‘What are alcohol-free alternatives to produce the same outcome? ‘You can design a pre-date ritual to help you get into the same confident mindset. ‘Listen to a pump up playlist, call a friend for a pep talk, or make a mental list of all the reasons why you’d be a great partner.’ There are plenty of fun date ideas that don’t lean on drinks. Logan suggests: ‘You can play mini golf, go on a taco crawl, have a picnic in a park, or visit a café with live music. ‘Skip the cocktails and focus on date ideas that involve play and connection.’ Logan says: ‘It’s helpful to be upfront about your preferences. ‘If you don’t drink, do you mind if your date does? Let the other person know what you feel comfortable with. ‘They might not know how to navigate the conversation, so lead the way by sharing vulnerably and making them feel safe asking questions.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why someone you’re dating telling you you’re ‘mature for your age’ can be a massive red flag MORE : What to do if someone you’re dating just isn’t making enough effort MORE : Expanding your dating pool to more genders? Here’s how to navigate your nerves