Many will be alarmed by news that polio has been found in London sewage, sparking a ‘national incident’. Polio is a rare but serious infection caused by poliovirus which can be life-threatening, according to the NHS. It was declared to be eradicated from the UK in 2003, with no recorded cases since the 1990s, thanks to vaccines. The virus against polio is usually given to children in several jabs, when they’re babies, pre-schoolers and teens – while in some cases it might be needed later in life for travel to high-risk countries. But how long does the vaccine last, and who can get the polio vaccine? Here’s all you need to know. In the UK, polio vaccinations are usually done as part of a baby or child’s routine jabs, to protect from illness. Babies at 8 weeks, 12 weeks and 16 weeks are vaccinated against polio as part of the 6-in-1 vaccine, which also protects from tetanus, whooping cough, diphtheria and hepatitis B. From the age of 3 years, 4 months, a 4-in-1 booster jab covers polio, whooping cough, tetanus and diphtheria. Last but not least is a 3-in-1 booster given to teenagers aged 14. This is often given in secondary schools, with parental consent, and is offered to homeschooled children. However, anyone can get a polio vaccine at any time, and it’s usually free on the NHS. The NHS website states: ‘You can have a polio vaccination at any point if you’ve never had one before, even if you’re not travelling to a country with a risk of getting polio. ‘You should also get vaccinated even if you’ve had polio before as it protects against different types of polio. It’s usually free.’ You can also pay privately for jabs that protect from polio, diphtheria and tetanus if needed for travel to a country where there’s a higher risk of catching polio. These are available from various providers, including for £32 at Superdrug. You get it two weeks before you need to travel. According to the Fit For Travel NHS website, children in the UK usually receive the five necessary doses of the polio vaccine as part of the routine vaccination schedule. It says: ‘Everyone should receive a minimum of 5 doses of a polio-containing vaccine to have good long-term protection. This should be documented in your medical notes held by your GP. ‘You can receive booster doses of polio-containing vaccines if you have not had all 5 doses.’ However, if you’re travelling to a country with a high risk of polio, a booster dose may be needed, particularly if it’s been 10 years since your final jab. ‘If you have not completed the minimum of 5 doses of polio-containing vaccine, you may need additional doses before you travel,’ it states. ‘If you have completed the minimum of 5 doses of polio-containing vaccine, you should have a booster dose of polio-containing vaccine if more than 10 years since any previous doses.’ The best way to check you are up to date with polio vaccinations is to contact your GP, as your medical records will state whether or not you received the immunisations as a child. Ring your doctors’ surgery to ask for your full records. You can also request they be added to your NHS account, viewable via the app or website. Accounts can be created here. You’ll only have access to your allergy information and notes on medications you take at first, notes the NHS – but you can request to have your full medical records put online. They can also be added to other digital GP services, but again you’ll have to ask for the full record to be made available. Some may also be in possession of a vaccine record book from childhood, which would detail your jabs. If you’ve had a booster vaccine for travel privately as an adult, this information may not be stored by your GP. MORE : Polio found in London sewage leading officials to declare ‘national incident’ MORE : The Repair Shop: Viewers in tears as guest who had polio as a child has walking doll restored Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below