Erik ten Hag has warned his Manchester United squad that he will not tolerate egos in the dressing room under his reign. The Dutchman has been tasked with lifting United from their malaise, finishing the 2021-22 season without a trophy for the fifth year running with dressing room splits and training ground leaks marring a disastrous campaign. According to The Sun, ten Hag has already laid out his demands in a stern email to the playing squad warning he will not tolerate lack of effort or disloyalty. A source told the newspaper: ‘The new gaffer sent the first-team players an email, telling them that football is a team game and no individual is more important than any other. ‘His emphasis is all on the team — despite United possessing world class stars. ‘He wants the players to train at a higher intensity so that each session is like a game.’ United’s fitness levels were widely criticised last season with ten Hag warning his regime will see them conditioned to the best levels of their careers – as long as they stick with him. Those warnings have been echoed by Donny van de Beek, who worked under ten Hag at Ajax before his move to Old Trafford. Ten Hag has also warned anyone who can’t get onboard will be ‘out the door’ and replaced by one of the club’s youngsters. Anthony Elanga made strides under Ralf Rangnick last season after being introduced into the team at the start of the year. 17-year-old sensation Alejandro Garnacho made his senior debut towards the end of the season while Alvaro Fernandez was called into the senior squad. James Garner and Ethan Laird meanwhile are among those who will be looking to impress the new manager in pre-season following loan spells in the Championship last season. Ten Hag also plans to take a leaf out of Sir Alex Ferguson’s book and look into the privates lives of his players. The former Ajax boss wants to know what his squad do with their time off the pitch and what hobbies they have. MORE : Alexandre Lacazette pushing Lyon to re-sign Corentin Tolisso amid Arsenal and Manchester United links MORE : West Ham to move for Jesse Lingard after Manchester United exit while Said Benrahma could be sold For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 