The chance to live in a stunning home in one of London’s prettiest areas, Hampstead, has come up. A mansion can be yours – for a cool £15million. There’s 8,262 sq ft of spectacular living space at Lawn House, the five-bedroom property in question. Features inside include grand reception rooms and an indoor swimming pool. The house was created from one of the two principal wings of the Grade-II listed Inverforth House in Hampstead – a stately home set in several acres of private gardens with a communal tennis court. It even has direct access onto Hampstead Heath itself. Inside there are period features including ceilings up to 4.6 metres high, listed oak wall panelling, opulent ceiling mouldings, marble pillars and marble-covered walls. Rooms include a reception, lobby, library, art deco-style cinema, private lift, and bedroom suites with features such as walk-in dressing rooms. Large windows throughout the house let in plenty of light, making it a stunning property. The history of the property is rich, too. The double Blue Plaque Inverforth House estate dates back to 1804, when it was known as Hill House. Then in 1904, the property was sold to soap manufacturing tycoon William Hesketh Lever. Between 1910-1925, the stately home was expanded into a 60-room mega-mansion adding a ballroom, library, art gallery and a curved staircase. Two neighbouring houses were bought and demolished to make this happen. In the 20s, it was a garden party spot for high society, with members of royalty attending – along with celebrities. Then in 1925, the estate was bought by Lord Inverforth, who served as a cabinet minister under Prime Minister David Lloyd George, who stayed as a guest in the house, as did Winston Churchill. During the 60s the house was part of Manor House Hospital for a stint, with women being placed here – and the Pergola on the property was gifted to the nation, becoming a public park. However, in the 90s, things went private again and the home was bought by a luxury developer. Rosy Khalastchy, head of Beauchamp Estates St John’s Wood and Hampstead, says: ‘Lawn House is a truly unique family home, which combines private family relaxation areas and grand living spaces for entertaining and impressing visitors. ‘The house is set within the grandeur of the Inverforth House stately home and classical gardens, one of the most famous residences in Hampstead, where Royalty, famous politicians and London high society have been entertained.’ Jeremy Karpel, director at TK International, adds: ‘Lawn House is one of the finest residences in the Hampstead Heath area, a grand self contained mansion created from the famous stately home of Lord Leverhulme, the soap tycoon, within acres of private gated classical gardens and direct access to the famous Hill Gardens and Pergola and Hampstead Heath beyond. ‘It is a very special property within a historic and famous stately home estate.’ Lawn House is for sale via joint sole selling agents Beauchamp Estates and TK International. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Take a look inside a creepy abandoned mansion full of mould and mannequin parts MORE : A historic mansion is on the market – and it comes with a ball pit room MORE : Incredible mansion built on the edge of a cliff goes on sale for £3.9million