Hayley Cragg, 34, was 18 weeks pregnant when she noticed a lump on her breast. She was overjoyed when she first found out she was going to be a mum, but she didn’t get to bask in that joy for very long, because the cyst led doctors to discover that Hayley had breast cancer. She endured three rounds of chemotherapy while pregnant with her son Louie, who was delivered premature to give both him and his mother the best chance of survival. Thankfully, the baby was born perfectly healthy in February this year and the operation to remove Hayley’s cancer appears to have been a success. The mum-of-three, from Bridlington, Yorkshire, said: ‘If I hadn’t got pregnant, I wouldn’t have realised I had cancer. ‘The cyst was pregnancy-related, so when I went to get it checked out, that’s when they found it. ‘The chemotherapy combined with the pregnancy sickness was absolutely horrific – it was the toughest time of my life.’ Hayley was referred to Castle Hill Hospital in Cottingham, where biopsies which revealed the extent of the cancer. Doctors informed her it was worse than they originally thought and, at 23 weeks along, Hayley had to have a mastectomy to remove one of her breasts. Not only was Hayley worried about herself, but she was also petrified for her unborn baby. Hayley, who worked as a carer before her diagnosis, said: ‘When they did the operation they removed the cancer completely – but the chemo was to ensure that it didn’t come back. ‘I had three rounds whilst pregnant and that combined with the morning sickness was just horrific. ‘I don’t know if I could have done it without my baby boy who was giving me strength every step of the way.’ Hayley was induced at 35 weeks so that doctors could put her through three more rounds of strong chemo before the treatment ended in April. Now, she’s just got a little more radiotherapy to go before she expects to be given the all-clear. Hayley said: ‘I still feel constantly tired now and have tingling in my hands and feet from the chemo – although this should fade over time. ‘I have to undergo some radiotherapy in July, but doctors are positive this is just a precaution to make sure they kill any remaining cancer cells in my body. ‘It’s crazy to think if I hadn’t got pregnant I may have never noticed the cancer until it was too late. ‘I guess everything happens for a reason. ‘It’s been a difficult journey, but I can’t wait to put this chapter behind me and start enjoying life again.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Boy, 5, who survived rare cancer given all-clear to return to school MORE : Dame Deborah James’s lobbying convinces Andrex to put symptoms of bowel cancer on 29million packs of loo roll MORE : Moment Tesco worker reacts to his favourite customer’s pregnancy is seriously heartwarming