Liam Payne appears to have patched things up with ex-girlfriend Danielle Peazer – nine years after they initially split. Former One Direction star Liam, who recently split from fiancée Maya Henry and was then linked to Aliana Mawla, was seen leaving a hotel with his former flame in the early hours of Monday morning. Liam had reportedly attended an after-party for the annual Soccer Aid charity bash in Shoreditch’s lavish Nobu hotel on Sunday night pewhen he was spotted getting into a car with Danielle at around 3am. The pair had fallen for each other while on X Factor in 2010, and dated for two years before calling it quits in 2012, with Liam admitting at the time he was ‘devastated’ by the break-up. As reported by the Daily Mail, Liam, 28, and Danielle, 35, left the Nobu hotel together on Monday after the wild night out, before settling in to the back of a chauffer-driven car. The pair were casually dressed: Liam in a suit jacket and white t-shirt, and Danielle in jeans and a leather jacket, her hair tied up in a high ponytail. A source told the outlet that the singer and his dancer ex are ‘enjoying spending time together’ almost a decade after calling time on their relationship. ‘Liam has always had strong feelings for Danielle and was gutted when they split all those years ago,’ they said. ‘They ended their relationship on good terms and are enjoying spending time together now, including on Sunday night.’ The night out comes weeks after Liam’s relationship with ex fiancée Maya was confirmed to have come to an end; they were together for three years, becoming engaged in 2020. Strip That Down singer Liam went public with new flame Aliana last week just days later, sparking rumours he had cheated. Aliana, who was seen arm-in-arm with Liam last month, vehemently denied the accusations. A spokesperson for Aliana said she was ‘very taken back by the accusations that have been made regarding a relationship with Liam while he was still engaged or involved with his ex-fiancée.’ They added that ‘under no circumstances’ would she have involved herself in a public relationship ‘if there was any truth to the comments.’ Liam was also in a high-profile relationship with former X Factor metro Cheryl, years after he found fame on the show; the couple share five-year-old son Bear. Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Liam and Danielle for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Fellow X Factor star Cher Lloyd mocks Liam Payne after tell-all Logan Paul interview MORE : Liam Payne insists Zayn Malik is his ‘brother’ after awkward One Direction comments: ‘I’ll stand by him forever’ 