Why spend a load of cash on designer industrial furniture when you can make your own on the cheap? Learn from Kayleigh Higgs, 33, an expert DIY-er from Witney, West Oxfordshire. She’s shown off some of her dreamy DIY creations, including a desk, wardrobes, and storage units, all made from cheap scaffolding boards. ‘One of my favourite things to use to create something new out of an old piece of furniture is reclaimed scaffolding boards,’ said the mum-of-two. ‘They just have a very industrial look about them which makes everything I use them with look unique.’ Kayleigh has earned her stripes as a professional DIY-er, having ditched her old job as an interiors photographer to start making décor on a budget. She took up upcycling in lockdown and soon enough, it became her full-time job. ‘I’ve made some sliding barn doors out of the boards for an up-cycled Ikea Kallax shelving unit, and one of my favourite pieces was a school desk I made from scratch for a friend’s daughter,’ said Kayleigh. ‘I’ve also taken a range of furniture and made into something else like a dressing table which I turned into a desk – that now sits pride of place in a friend’s home. ‘I’ve always loved making stuff, even as a child, I’ve always loved the idea of trying to make things rather than buying them outright. ‘DIY was my escapism from home schooling and the downs of the pandemic lockdown, something I would turn to when I needed a bit of me time. ‘One of the first things I made was a sandpit for my boys, then I did an up-cycle of a piano and made a planter out of palette wood. ‘It was the best decision I’ve ever made to quit my job and turn to up-cycling and DIY projects full time, I wake up with so much energy, and I’m always excited to start my next project.’ Kayleigh’s DIY skills are learned from scratch, and she’s now trademarked her brand as DIY Mum. She’s keen to not only showcase her creations, but to share her skills with other aspiring crafty types. The mum now shares her finished pieces and step-by-step videos on social media to show other people how to do it themselves and has even bagged a few brand deals along the way. ‘It’s been a journey of trial and error, but YouTube is a good place to start when learning the tricks of the trade,’ she said. ‘As I’m still in the early days of my business, I’ve made enough through some commissions and brand deals like one with Gorilla Glue to be ableto keep going alongside some savings. ‘There’s points where you must step out of your comfort zone when creating and up-cycling furniture, and there’s always things I look back on where I know I could have done better. ‘I love doing videos and sharing what I do over Instagram and TikTok, and I’m hoping to start doing more YouTube tutorials for those interested in doing something similar as a business or just general upgrades around their home. ‘My main goal right now is to have all of the furniture in my home completely handmade and up-cycled by myself – I don’t want to leave a drawer untouched.’ You can follow Kayleigh and her DIY creations at @do.it.yourself.mum. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : DIY couple transform damp caravan into stunning space for £1,000 –  saving £25,000 MORE : Student spends £2,000 creating a seventies themed wardrobe of vintage finds MORE : Orange-loving woman transforms ‘beiger than a digestive biscuit’ flat into colour-packed paradise