Dragons’ Den star Hilary Devey has died at the age of 65, it has been confirmed. The businesswoman, who appeared on the BBC One programme between 2011 and 2013, died in Morocco where she had a property after battling a long illness. A spokesperson said in a statement: ‘I can confirm that Hilary sadly died yesterday. ‘She had been ill for some time.’ Leading tributes for the star, Dragons’ Den star Theo Paphitis said: ‘So sad to hear of the passing of the lovely Hilary Devey. ‘She left us all with some fantastic memories, may she rest in peace. My thoughts are with her family.’ Devey, who hailed from Bolton, became a part of the Dragons’ Den family in 2011 following the departure of James Caan. She appeared alongside fellow dragons Peter Jones, Paphitis, Duncan Bannatyne and Deborah Meaden onscreen, earning her spot on the panel after building her portfolio as the CEO and Chairman of Pall-Ex, the UK’s leading palletised freight distribution network, which enjoyed a healthy turnover of £100million. Explaining why she wanted to get involved with the popular series, the businesswoman said in 2011: ‘In order to set-up Pall-Ex in the mid-nineties, I had to sell my house and car to get the start-up capital necessary to fulfil my business ambitions, as none of the banks appreciated my potential. ‘I would have loved the opportunity to have stood before the Dragons, and I will remember my own experiences and the realities of running a business today, when choosing to support – or reject – the budding entrepreneurs joining me in the Den.’ The entrepreneur made several TV appearances over the years outside of Dragons’ Den, including Secret Millionaire which saw her donate more than £70,000 to the Back Door Music Project and the Syke Community Centre in Rochdale. After leaving Dragons, she went on to appear on Channel 4’s The Intern, as well as Channel 5’s The Business Inspector and BBC Two miniseries Hilary Devey’s Women at the Top. Devey also became a panellist on ITV’s Loose Women in 2015 but left later that year. In 2013, Devey received an CBE for services to the transport industry and to charity. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Andy Carroll shares loved-up snap from honeymoon with new wife Billi Mucklow, following stag do scandal MORE : Harry Styles fans ‘traumatised’ as man falls from balcony at Glasgow gig in terrifying incident on tour 