Thomas Tuchel has made contact with Raheem Sterling in an effort to convince the Manchester City star to join Chelsea this summer. The Blues are looking to revamp their forward line during the close season with Romelu Lukaku set to depart, while the likes of Hakim Ziyech and Timo Werner could also be surplus to requirements. Club-record signing Lukaku is set to rejoin Inter on loan after an underwhelming 12 months at Stamford Bridge, while Werner could be offered to Juventus as part of any deal that would see Matthijs de Ligt move in the opposite direction. Ziyech, meanwhile, is interested in a move to AC Milan having largely flattered to deceive since joining from Ajax two years ago. Chelsea are not certain to sign a like-for-like replacement for Lukaku and will instead focus on forwards capable of playing in a a number of different positions. Tuchel appears to have missed out on Arsenal-bound Gabriel Jesus and has responded by making a personal plea to Sterling, according to The Telegraph. The England international has little over 12 months remaining on his current contract and talks over a new deal have stalled. City value the 27-year-old at between £50m and £60m with Chelsea ready to make their opening offer in the coming days. Sterling is said to be keen on seeking a fresh challenge but wants guarantees of the role he likely to play in Tuchel’s side, especially given he wasn’t an automatic starter for City last season. Chelsea are also interested in signing Ousmane Dembele from Barcelona who are making a late attempt to get the France international to sign a new contract, before his current deal expires next week. Tuchel is also interested in Everton forward Richarlison, but is likely to face significant competition from London rivals Tottenham. MORE : Todd Boehly on ‘personal mission’ to stop Chelsea star joining Premier League rivals Man City MORE : Leeds set new asking price for Arsenal and Chelsea transfer target Raphinha For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 