Love Island viewers were over the moon to see Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti’s relationship go from enemies to lovers as she choose him in the recoupling. After a tense recoupling, in which Ekin-Su had to choose between Charlie Radnedge, Jay Younger and Davide, she ultimately chose to take a risk with the Italian stallion. Standing around the firepit, she said: ‘Firstly this has been one of the hardest decisions I’ve ever had to make and I’ve had to really thank about it. ‘All three guys have given me a great connection and I’ve had a really good time with all three. I didn’t know whether to play it safe or take a risk. ‘I personally would like to give this person a chance and I’m hoping he would too. Therefore, the boy I want to couple up with is… Davide.’ Viewers were over the moon to see Ekin-Su and Davide reunite, tweeting: ‘ekin and davide = enemies to lovers trope’. Others added: ‘get davide and ekin in that hideaway’ and ‘“It was hard” Ekin babe you knew all along you were picking Davide…’ Davide admitted he would have to be ‘very careful’ with Ekin-Su after she previously crawled across a terrace to kiss another man while they were coupled up. Ekin-Su’s choice didn’t go down well with Antigoni Buxton who also had her eye on Davide or Jay and had both swiped from under her nose. Antigoni was left with Charlie after Danica Taylor opted to recouple with Jay despite him shutting down a romance with her earlier in the day. Love Island airs weekdays from 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Shaughna Phillips ‘truly obsessed’ with Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and defends her against ‘acting’ claims: ‘I want her to be made a saint’ MORE : Love Island spoilers: Jacques O’Neill apologises to Paige Thorne after branding her ‘pathetic’ in heart rate challenge aftermath 