Week two of Love Island has officially commenced, and while the brief spat between Luca Bish and Andrew Le Page initially had us glued to the screen, everything else fell flat. Honestly, who would have thought an innocent chat would spark so much chaos? After Jacques O’Neill and Tasha Ghouri were seen having a chin-wag in the corner, Luca couldn’t help but question why Andrew didn’t seem that bothered. ‘I couldn’t care less to be honest.’ Hitting back at his comment, Luca replied: ‘No, no, you do care, nah mate, I would care. I would admit I am upset.’ The estate agent, however, doubled down and insisted: ‘I am not upset.’ After Andrew walked away in frustration, microbiologist Dami Hope also vented his frustrations about Luca and explained that his behaviour is why he steers clear of him. Elsewhere, sparks were certainly flying between Indiyah Polack and Ikenna Ekwonna as they shared their first kiss, (finally) and if that wasn’t enough, the pharmaceutical salesperson treated the hotel waitress to a cute breakfast date. And Ikenna’s act inspired Davide Sanclimenti to treat Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu to egg and bread, or in Davide’s words ‘tapas.’ Considering the Italian stallion willingly offered Ekin-Su and Jacques refreshments during their cozy chat the night before, it’s safe to say we don’t know whether Davide is coming or going. The positive vibes didn’t stop there as Amber Beckford and Dami headed on their tennis-themed first date, and fed each other strawberries as their sharing a romantic kiss. Meanwhile, ever since Luca coupled up with Gemma Owen, fans have been rooting for paramedic Paige Thorne, and after Gemma’s ex-boyfriend, Jacques hailed her as ‘a lovely girl’ we’re keeping everything crossed for her. As for Luca, we all witnessed him planning future baecation trips for him and Gemma yesterday night, so we can confidently say that he is clearly smitten with the international dressage rider, but Jacques grand arrival left him shaken, to say the least. While both Gemma and Jacques have made it clear that there is nothing there romantically, Luca couldn’t help but mark his territory. ‘What you’re saying lads,’ Jacques asked. ‘I’m about to kiss your ex,’ Luca quipped. While his approach might have been questionable, seeing Luca head over heels is somewhat wholesome, and while Gemma isn’t giving anything away just yet, (not even a proper kiss to Luca’s annoyance) we’re interested to see how this progresses. However, the mood quickly shifted after Amber got a text asking for all the islanders to gather around the fire pit. As both girls were single, Paige and Afia Tonkmor were called to stand in front of their fellow co-stars, and it was up to Jacques to decide who should stay and who should go. ‘From day one we were in the villa, I found her attractive,’ he said. ‘The talks that I’ve had with her, I’m getting on with her more and more, and I want to see where it goes. The girl I would like to couple up with is Paige.’ This meant that Afia’s time in the villa came to an end. ‘Obviously, I’m going to miss everyone in the Villa but I’m going to keep trying to find love,’ Afia said upon her exit. ‘I’m sure Mr Right is out there somewhere.’ While previous episodes kept us hooked from start to finish with unexpected revelations, tonight’s episode sadly didn’t deliver on the drama, but we can always rely on good ole’ Ekin-Su to bless us with the theatrics. Although tonight wasn’t particularly memorable, we’re keeping hope alive as two new guys – Jay Younger and Remi Lambert  are set to enter the villa tomorrow. If Davide and Ekin-su’s bombshell arrival is anything to go by, it looks like we’re in for a treat! Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Luca Bish teases Gemma Owen’s ex Jacques O’Neill about making a move on her MORE : When was Mabel on Love Island, and what happened in the villa? 