The Rolling Stones have been forced to cancel their show in Amsterdam at the eleventh hour due to Sir Mick Jagger testing positive for Covid. The singer, 78, began to develop symptoms as he arrived at the Johan Cruijff Arena in the Dutch capital earlier on Monday. The band, which also features guitarist Keith Richards and Ronnie Wood, with Steve Jordan on drums, are on their Sixty tour, which consists of 14 shows in 10 countries across Europe. Sir Mick apologised to the band’s Dutch fans on Twitter and reassured them that the gig will be rescheduled. ‘I’m so sorry that we’ve had to postpone the Amsterdam show with such short notice tonight,’ he penned. ‘I have unfortunately just tested positive for Covid. We aim to reschedule the date ASAP and get back as soon as we can. Thank you for your patience and understanding. Mick.’ A statement on behalf of the band said: ‘The Rolling Stones have been forced to call off tonight’s concert in Amsterdam at the Johan Cruijff ArenA, following Mick Jagger testing positive after experiencing symptoms of Covid upon arrival at the stadium. ‘The Rolling Stones are deeply sorry for tonight’s postponement, but the safety of the audience, fellow musicians and the touring crew has to take priority. ‘The show will be rescheduled for a later date. Tickets for tonight’s show will be honoured for the rescheduled date. Standby for details.’ The Rolling Stones are due to perform in Bern, Switzerland, on Friday June 17 and Milan, Italy, on Tuesday June 21, before an appearance in London on Saturday June 25. Steve is touring with the band following the death of long-standing drummer Charlie Watts, who died on August 24 2021 at the age of 80. The band made their return to the UK stage at the Anfield football stadium on Thursday last week and are also due to play two shows at BTS Hyde Park in London this summer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 