Lewis Hamilton didn’t seem to let his difficult week faze him as he arrived at Silverstone for the Grand Prix. The Formula 1 star looked as stylish as ever, stopping to snap photos with fans. Lewis rocked a jazzy yellow and pink geometric jacket, pairing it with purple trousers and donning some sunnies. He could be seen walking the circuit as he prepared for the race. The race comes days after Lewis spoke out about a racial slur used against him by former champion driver Nelson Piquet. The 69-year-old had referred to Lewis with a word that can translate to the N-word on a Brazilian podcast. Lewis, 37, said: ‘It’s more than language. ‘These archaic mindsets need to change and have no place in our sport. I’ve been surrounded by these attitudes and targeted my whole life. There has been plenty of time to learn. Time has come for action.’ He later added: ‘I am not sure why we are continuing to give these older people a platform. ‘They are speaking on the sport but we are looking to go in a different direction. It’s the bigger picture. It is now a knee-jerk reaction from companies all around the world. ‘They probably all already have a script ready for that crisis management. It is not enough. It’s now about action.’ Lewis went on to say: ‘People who are not relevant in the sport for years are trying to bring me down but I am still here.’ Piquet said: ‘What I said was ill thought out, and I make no defence for it, but I will clarify that the term used is one that has widely and historically been used colloquially in Brazilian Portuguese as a synonym for ‘guy’ or ‘person’ and was never intended to offend. ‘I would never use the word I have been accused of in some translations. I strongly condemn any suggestion that the word was used by me with the aim of belittling a driver because of his skin colour. ‘I apologise wholeheartedly to anyone that was affected, including Lewis, who is an incredible driver, but the translation in some media that is now circulating on social media is not correct. Discrimination has no place in F1 or society and I am happy to clarify my thoughts in that respect.’ Bernie Ecclestone has since faced backlash, after saying he belives Lewis should have ‘brushed aside’ the slur. He said: ‘It’s probably not something that’s appropriate with us but it probably isn’t something terrible that happens if you said those things in Brazil I don’t know what the reaction is there. ‘People say things and talk about people if they happen to be a bit overweight or undersized like me. I’m sure quite a lot of people have made remarks about that. ‘If I’d heard about it I’d have been able to deal with it without too much trouble and I’m surprised that Lewis hasn’t just sort of brushed it aside or better than that replied. But he’s now come out and Nelson’s apologised so everyone should be happy.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bernie Ecclestone tells Lewis Hamilton he ‘should be happy’ with Nelson Piquet’s apology for racial slur MORE : Who is Nelson Piquet and what did he say about Lewis Hamilton? 