A High Court judge has ruled that a 12-year-old suffering from brain damage is dead and that life support treatment should stop, despite his ‘devastated’ family begging to continue it. Archie Battersbee was found unresponsive with a ligature around his neck at his home in Essex on April 7. It was initially assumed to be a ‘freak accident’, but his family came to suspect he may have been taking part in a dangerous online challenge. Medics treating him at Royal London Hospital believe the young man is brain dead and should be disconnected from a ventilator – but parents, Hollie Dance and Paul Battersbee, say their son’s heart is still beating. In a heartbreaking statement outside court today, Hollie vowed to appeal, saying: ‘This is only the start and I will not give up my fight for my son’. She says she has felt Archie squeeze her fingers ‘with a tight grip’ and believes it’s ‘his way of letting me know he’s still there and just needs more time’. Saying she has been left ‘sickened’ by the hospital and judge, she accused them of ‘failing to take the wishes of the family into consideration’. Her remarks came after a written ruling was released, reading: ‘I find that Archie died at noon on May 31 2022, which was shortly after the MRI scans taken that day. ‘I find that irreversible cessation of brain stem function has been conclusively established. ‘I give permission to the medical professionals at the Royal London Hospital to cease to ventilate mechanically Archie Battersbee.’ A specialist told the High Court the boy’s prognosis was ‘very grave’ and his chances of recovery were ‘very low’. He has not regained consciousness. Asked by Barts Health NHS Trust’s legal team if parts of Archie’s brain and spinal cord had died and were decaying, the specialist replied: ‘Yes.’ But, speaking to reporters outside court today, Hollie said: ‘I am devastated and extremely disappointed by the judge’s ruling after weeks of fighting a legal battle when I wanted to be at my little boy’s bedside. ‘Basing this judgment on an MRI test and that he is “likely” to be dead, is not good enough. This is believed to be the first time that someone has been declared “likely” to be dead based on an MRI test. ‘The medical expert opinion presented in court was clear in that the whole concept of “brain death” is now discredited, and in any event, Archie cannot be reliably diagnosed as brain-dead.’ The mum has previously said: ‘If I don’t explore every avenue and if I don’t fight for his life, then, later on, we realise, actually we didn’t look into that, we’ve missed something, I’m going to spend the rest of my life not knowing and thinking “what if, what if?”‘ In a statement, the Royal London Hospital’s Group Chief Medical Officer Alistair Chesser said Archie will be provided with the ‘best possible care’ as his life support is withdrawn. He added that no changes will be made until the family has been given time to appeal the ruling. ‘This is a sad and difficult time for Archie’s family and our thoughts and sympathies are with them as they come to terms with what has happened’, Mr Chesser said. A campaign organisation supporting Archie’s family has said the case ‘raises the significant moral, legal and medical question as to when a person is dead’. The Christian Legal Centre said: ‘There is no clear definition of death in English law, and a case like this has never come before an English court before. ‘The outcome is crucial for Archie and his family and anyone who cares about the value of life in this country.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.