Following months of controversy, the Saudi-backed LIV Golf Invitational Series will get underway this week just outside London. Here we explain all about golf’s breakaway tour. The LIV Golf Invitational Series is a new tour supported by Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund. The opening event will be hosted at the Centurion Club in St Albans on Thursday. Meanwhile, seven other tournaments are scheduled for later this year, taking place across the United States and Asia. Despite LIV Golf’s events not being recognised by the Official World Golf Rankings, the likes of Sergio Garcia, Ian Poulter and Lee Westwood have committed to play, adding Ryder Cup stardom to the series. Former PGA Tour stars Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson will headline the tour, with past major champions Louis Oosthuizen, Martin Kaymer and Graeme McDowell also in the field in Hertfordshire. The opening event will boast a prize fund of nearly £20million with over £3m for the champion. With no cuts, each player will be guaranteed just under £100,000 for competing in a tournament with around £24m shared for the top three best performers over the entire eight-event season. Across 2022, the tour’s total prize money will be over £200m with the last event of the season, a Team Championship, containing a prize fund of under £40m. With the Public Investment Fund being the sovereign wealth of the Saudi state, LIV Golf has been accused of assisting sports washing. Saudi Arabia have a poor record on human rights against the LGBTQ community and Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman was found by the CIA to have ordered the killing of journalist Jamal Khashoggi in 2018. A 48-man field will compete against each other over 54 holes rather than the traditional 72. There will be no cut, with the player who secures the lowest score after three rounds rendered the winner. Alongside the individual competition, there will be a team event running at the same time in which eight teams of four golfers — which will be composed by nominated captains — contest another prize. Rather than players teeing off in pairs from holes No.1 and No.10, groups will begin their rounds at the same time across all 18 holes in an effort to speed up play. MORE : Tiger Woods declined $1billion offer to join golf’s Saudi-backed rebel series MORE : Phil Mickelson risking lifetime PGA tour ban by signing up to play in Saudi-backed event For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 