Ukrainians left in the Russian-controlled city of Mariupol will soon be struck down by a cholera outbreak with no access to medicine, the deputy mayor said. The Black Sea port city has been under an intense blockade since Putin invaded Ukraine on February 24. Before the war some 500,000 people lived in Mariupol but now there are just 150,000 left. They have spent the past three months without proper access to food, water or electricity because of the siege. The city’s last Ukrainian fighters famously stood their ground at the Azovstal steel factory, but they surrendered last month. Now, civilians left in Mariupol are facing a dangerous ‘explosion’ of cholera as 90% of their infrastructure has been destroyed, deputy mayor Sergeii Orlov told i. ‘The city is literally drowning in garbage and sewage,’ he said. This is because centralised water and sewage systems are no longer working, notwithstanding the ‘spontaneous burials in almost every yard’. On top of this, the beginning of summer has ‘accelerated the decomposition of thousands of corpses under the rubble’. The blockade also means it will be difficult to get medicine to anyone who gets sick with cholera. Mr Orlov again called on the international community to push for a deal with the Kremlin to allow civilians a safe route out of the city. It comes after Russia’s ambassador to the UN, Vassily Nebenzia, walked out of a Security Council meeting because his country was blamed for a looming world food crisis. European Council president Charles Michel said he had seen millions of tonnes of grain and wheat stuck in containers and ships in Odessa a few weeks ago. That was ‘because of Russian warships in the Black Sea,’ he said, before blaming Russian attacks on transport infrastructure and grain storage facilities. ‘This is driving up food prices, pushing people into poverty, and destabilising entire regions,’ Mr Michel said. ‘Russia is solely responsible for this looming food crisis. Russia alone.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.