New Love Island contestant Remi Lambert has previously released rap tracks including derogatory lyrics comparing himself to Christian Grey and hurting women. Remi was one of two new bombshells who came to the villa on Tuesday night. The Manchester-born singleton, 22, introduced himself as being a model to his fellow islanders and immediately sparked the attention of many of the girls. However, as well as being a model, it seems he also fancies himself as quite the amateur rapper. A music video for a track titled Bipolar was uploaded to the platform on March 22, just a matter of weeks before he entered the villa. It contains numerous references to drug-taking including ‘purple’, which is a recreational drug drink made by mixing large doses of prescription medicines. He also mentions using Dior perfume to cover up the smell of cannabis. In his song Superhero, he raps about damaging female genitalia during sex, saying: ‘Don’t care if you’re peng, you’ll still get left on pending and saved for later. Broke her pum pum it needs a cast.’ In another track titled Mr Grey, he compares himself to Fifty Shades Of Grey’s character, Christian Grey, who is known for practising sadism. The video sees him utter the lyrics: ‘Unless we’re talking Fifty Shades, I don’t do strings attached. Blow her back out, climax, then blackout.’ In another video, which was posted in December 2020, the track refers to him being ready for violence, by using terms such as ‘smoke’ and ‘on sight.’ He said: ‘I don’t do road but touch my mate and I’ll catch a case. If you want smoke, I’ll get you fried tonight and that’s on sight. I’m in the ghetto.’ While he only has 88 subscribers on his own YouTube channel, the videos for Mr Grey and Superhero have over 60,000 views. A source close to Remi told Metro.co.uk: ‘I don’t necessarily agree with how women are described in rap music in general. ‘However of course Remi does not condone violence against women. There’s no malicious intent here at all.’ They added: ‘He would be upset at the suggestion and we hope people see the real him on Love Island.’ Islanders are all trained on using acceptable language and behaviour as part of the ITV2 dating show’s duty of care protocols. Contestants are offered guidance on covering inclusive language on race, ethnicity, sexuality, disability, behaviours and microaggressions, before entering the villa. Ade Rawcliffe, Group Director of Diversity and Inclusion at ITV, previously said: ‘The world we live in is changing every day, and we want all of our Islanders to feel they are part of an inclusive environment in the Villa. ‘As part of our duty of care process, it is also important we play our part in educating our participants to understand and empathise with different perspectives and lived experiences.’ Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island episode 8 review: Trouble in paradise for Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti while Gemma Owen’s Freudian slip hailed TV gold MORE : Love Island 2022: Jay Younger age, job, and how to find him on Instagram 