A removal van has been spotted outside disgraced Prince Andrew’s £18,000,000 Swiss ski chalet. The Duke of York is thought to be using the cash from the sale of the chalet to fund his pay off to sex abuse accuser Virginia Giuffre. Andrew settled out of court with Ms Giuffre in March after she claimed she had been sexually abused by him several times in London and the United States. No figure was revealed but it was thought to be in the region of £7.5 million, and Andrew was told to pay an unspecified amount to a charity of Virginia’s choice as well as his own legal bills. A buyer for the property was thought to have been found back in January for the seven bedroom chalet located in the Swiss ski resort of Verbier. Prince Andrew has not been to the chalet for a number of years now, but his ex-wife Sarah Feguson and their two daughters Beautrice and Eugenie spent last New Year there with all their families. Neighbours reported a large blue removals van, from London-based firm Abels, arrived at the ski resort earlier this week and boxes from the property were being put into the van. Abels has been carrying out removal services for the Royal Household since 1981 after it was given a Royal Warrant by Her Majesty the Queen to do so. A villager in Verbier told MailOnline: ’It’s the talk of the place – everyone knew it had been sold and now the removal van has turned up. ‘I’ve seen some guys shifting boxes and bits of furniture and they have been there all day and they don’t look as if they have finished – it’s huge van so I imagine they will be clearing the chalet completely. ‘We used to see the Duke and his wife here all the time but in recent years it’s been Sarah with the children – I know they both loved the place and had many wonderful years here. ‘Sarah was here at New Year with her family for the last time and they watched the firework display from the balcony – I really think it was with a heavy heart they sold it as Sarah used to ski here all the time when she was younger.’ But local Swiss media suggested there could be a legal obstacle to the sale, as money was still owed to the previous owners by the Duke and Sarah. According to reports, they still owed two million Swiss francs to a couple they had a business relationship with – so the sale could not go through. The property had been at the centre of a legal wrangle over an alleged debt since December 15 last year, days before Sarah, her two daughters and families arrived at the property for New Year celebrations. Local papers Le Temps and Le Matin reported: ‘The measure concerns the sum of two million Swiss Francs – a debt Prince Andrew and his wife have with a couple from Verbier, with whom they have a business relationship. ‘The latter has sent them a letter asking for the money back but has not been repaid.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.