Serena Williams has been handed a wildcard for this summer’s Wimbledon, with the American tennis star teasing her return to the sport on social media a year after her last professional match. The 23-time Grand Slam singles champion last stepped onto the tennis court at the 2021 tournament, but severely injured her leg in the opening round against Aliaksandra Sasnovich. Neither Serena Williams, or her sister Venus, were included on the Wimbledon entry list when it was released last week, but on Tuesday she posted a picture on Instagram of her trainers on grass, with the caption: ‘SW and SW19. It’s a date. ‘2022 See you there. Let’s Go.’ With SW19 being the iconic postcode of the Wimbledon area, it appears that Williams, who has won seven singles titles at the Championships, is looking to make a triumphant return when the tournament begins on June 27. It was not initially clear whether she would be competing in the singles or the doubles competitions, but the All England Club have now confirmed she has been given a wildcard entry in the ladies’ singles. Williams will warm up for Wimbledon by playing at Eastbourne next week, saying: ‘I am excited to return to the Rothesay International Eastbourne in England and to be back on the grass – a surface that has been so good to me throughout my career. ‘Eastbourne has a unique charm that you don’t see anywhere else on Tour and I’m looking forward to playing in front of the fans again.’ The Williams sisters have won six doubles titles at Wimbledon, and Serena even partnered British great Andy Murray in the mixed event in 2019, although he is a doubt for this year’s tournament after pulling out of Queen’s with an ab injury. Her participation this year was far from guaranteed, however, as the 40-year-old did not take up the option to enter Wimbledon using a protected ranking reserved for players who have been side-lined through a long-term injury. As a result, Williams, who is currently ranked 1,208 in the world, needed a wildcard in order to take part and is the only non-Brit handed one so far in the ladies’ singles competition, with Katie Boulter, Jodie Burrage, Sonay Kartal, Yuriko Miyazaki and Katie Swan also joining the veteran tennis star. Despite the bad injury, Williams’ return was always inevitable as the American is just one Grand Slam title away from equalling Margaret Court’s record of 24. MORE : Andy Murray a doubt for Wimbledon after withdrawing from Queen’s with ab injury MORE : ‘This is messed up’ – Tennis star Nick Kyrgios says he was racially abused by crowd during Andy Murray defeat For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 