Love Island fans were lost for words after Luca Bish revealed that Gemma Owen couldn’t wait to start a family next year. The 19-year-old international dressage rider, who is the daughter of football legend Michael Owen, shared that she’s ready to have kids –  according to her fellow co-star and current love interest. While he was chatting to Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Tasha Ghouri, Luca randomly declared: ‘Gemma wants kids in the next year as well.’ ‘She wants what?’ Tasha replied. ‘She’s quite mature as well isn’t she, to be fair,’ said Luca. Tasha and Ekin-Su’s reactions represented the majority of viewers watching Tuesday’s episode, and many took to Twitter to express their shock. ‘Gemma wants kids in the next year’ excuse me she’s not even voted in a general election yet,’ one person quipped. ‘Tell me I did not just hear Luca say Gemma wants kids in the next year? I could not have heard that, my ears are deceiving me,’ another added. ‘Gemma wants KIDS??? At twenty, okay Kylie Jenner…’ a viewer shared. It’s been a rocky couple of days for Gemma after newcomer Danica Taylor chose to couple up with Luca, which led her to pick original flame Davide Sanclimenti. Although Gemma hasn’t made it known who her famous dad is, the youngster  has dropped a number of hints to the rest of the islanders about her link to the former striker. This included a chat with Luca, who noted his and her father’s similar interests, such as racing and football. He was heard replying: ‘I talk about football all the time. We’ll see if he knows what he’s talking about.’ Elsewhere, Liam Llewellyn – who quit the series after four days – shared his shock at finding out about her famous father. After the pair already chatted about football early on in the process, he told Aftersun: ‘I can’t believe who that actually was. That’s mad. ‘I’m a United fan. I actually have one of his tops when he came to the club. He went on to add: ‘That first night, we were chatting about football and her family. I was so close. I can’t believe I didn’t quite work it out.’ Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island bosses ‘drafting in another bombshell with links to Gemma Owen’ to spice up villa MORE : Love Island announces new bombshell Antigoni Buxton who’s set to turn heads following Ikenna Ekwonna and Amber Beckford’s exits 