As much as the Wimbledon Tennis Championships are all about the game, we can’t help but love doing some celeb spotting as well – with the likes of Rylan Clark, Dame Mary Berry and Ciara leading arrivals at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club today. TV star Rylan was spotted enjoying a Pimms (because what else to drink at Wimbo?) looking fully engrossed in the match, capturing highlights on his phone. The former X Factor star looked as suave as ever in a beige blazer and crisp white shirt, which he paired with his famous black skinny jeans and statement sunnies. He was seen chatting to pop star Becky Hill and posing for pics with Strictly Come Dancing finalist AJ Odudu. Rylan sat alongside the queen of baking herself, Dame Mary, who looked as radiant as ever in a floral ensemble. The former Great British Bake Off judge donned a pearl necklace and added a pop of colour to her outfit with a bright pink clutch and matching jacket. Meanwhile, also seated in the stands was Ciara and Russell Wilson, who watched on with anticipation as the action unfolded on Centre Court during the tournament’s fourth day. The singer looked straight off the runway in a chic fitted nude dress with long sleeves, which she paired with matching heels and silver jewellery. Walking arm in arm with her husband – whom she married in 2016 – they looked every inch the power couple, with Russell in a navy suit and Ciara’s long raven locks swishing around. Other celeb arrivals included Spice Girl Melanie C, who stood out from the crowd in a bright orange short suit, pulling some animated facial expressions will engaged in conversation with a pal. Opting for a slightly more casual – yet still classy look – Holly Candy wore head-to-toe Chanel, sporting a pair of light wash blue jeans and tweed jacket with a branded belt around her waist. Elsewhere, Pussycat Doll Ashley Roberts was living her best life at the event, well and truly doing Wimbledon in style with her beverages. The American star was seen enjoying a bottle or two and laughing out loud with friends as the match happened, looking über stylish in the process in a mini dress and cat eye shades. It’s been an action-packed few days on the court as, following the best Wimbledon opening performance for Britain in almost 40 years, hopefuls Emma Raducanu and Andy Murray both crashed out in the second round of the tennis tournament. The pair and their teammates had an excellent start to Wimbledon, most of them winning convincingly against their opponents in the first round. But several of Britain’s top players are now out after a bruising series of second round matches. But there was victory for Katie Boulter, who registered the biggest win of her tennis career with victory over Karolina Pliskova. The Great British star dedicated the win to her late grandmother in an emotional interview as she fought back the tears. World No.118 Boulter produced a stunning performance to topple last year’s finalist and sixth seed Karolina Pliskova – a former world No 1 and current world No 7 – as she reached the third round of Wimbledon for the first time ever. She joins fellow Brit Heather Watson in the third round, who faces Slovenia’s Kaja Juvan after her straight-sets victory against Wang Qiang on Wednesday. Another Brit in the women’s singles draw, Harriet Dart, crashed out in the second round on Thursday as she lost out to eighth seed Jessica Pegula Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Hiddleston and Zawe Ashton relationship timeline – from their West End meeting to expecting their first baby MORE : DNA reveals five strangers share same wrestling dad – and Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson is their half-brother 