Glastonbury festival-goers will be hit by a nightmare train strike that could leave many struggling to reach Worthy Farm. The long-awaited 50th anniversary is due to take place from June 22 to June 26. Huge stars like Diana Ross, Kendrick Lamar and Paul McCartney are set to entertain after the festival was cancelled for two years due to Covid. But those lucky enough to scoop those near impossible-to-get tickets will be left fuming by the news of the ‘biggest strike on the railways since 1989’. Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) at Network Rail and 13 train operators will walk out on June 21, 23 and 25. A ballot of 40,000 members voted overwhelmingly for full-scale industrial action last month following fights over pay and job losses. Not all of the 200,000 partygoers heading to Somerset will be impacted, as many will arrive on different days, while others will drive and take coaches. But those travelling by train on Tuesday, Thursday or Saturday will in no way appreciate the news. One person on Twitter wrote: ‘How is there a train strike on the day i need to be at Glastonbury. How tf will i get there’. Another said: ‘Rail Strike on June 25 when i’m darting from London to Sheffield to Bristol to Glastonbury is a nightmare … what the hell?!’ The RMT has also announced another 24-hour strike on London Underground in a separate row over jobs and pensions. Widespread travel chaos will be sparked as tube workers strike on June 21 to coincide with the rail disruption. Other events that week include England playing New Zealand in a test match in Leeds, the British athletics championships in Manchester, and gigs in London’s Hyde Park by Elton John (June 24) and the Rolling Stones (June 25). There will also be a Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in London on June 24/25 and it is Armed Forces Day on June 25. Mick Lynch, RMT general secretary has claimed railway workers have been ‘treated appallingly and despite our best efforts in negotiations, the rail industry with the support of the government has failed to take their concerns seriously’. He added: ‘We have a cost-of-living crisis, and it is unacceptable for railway workers to either lose their jobs or face another year of a pay freeze when inflation is at 11.1% and rising. ‘Our union will now embark on a sustained campaign of industrial action which will shut down the railway system.’ Andrew Haines, Network Rail’s chief executive, said the organisation was having ongoing meetings with unions to discuss pay concerns and ‘doing everything it can to avoid strike action’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.