Today is all about change. So dust off the old and embrace the new with the turn of a new month. Taurus, be propelled by that nudge. If you do it, your life could change forever. Capricorn, now is a time for cutting back. Try to be flexible Pisces. You never know what excitement the future could hold for you. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for June 1, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 You don’t like to spend too much time on details as a rule but it might help to check a few things out. Times and dates of meetings you don’t want to miss are one of them but also where your money is going and what you are getting for the price you pay. Keeping track could help you. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 The Moon in a congenial zone angles towards jovial Jupiter, which can find you more confident and ready to make the most of the day. An intuitive nudge might inspire you to do something you’ve never tried before but always wanted to. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You may be feeling a tad restless as things might not be moving fast enough. You’re probably a few steps ahead of everyone and wondering why everything is going so slowly. Be patient for a while longer, as Mercury your personal planet is at its slowest before turning direct in a couple of days. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 The Moon in your sign can make you more sensitive, so you will likely pick up on the vibes of people and places very quickly. Mind, with upbeat Jupiter and feisty Mars in the mix, you’ll find it easier to set aside any reservations you might have and do what you have to do. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 You may feel like hibernating today. It might not last long though, as it seems you’ll be in demand. Plus, if something new and exciting grabs your attention, you’ll forget about everything else in your urge to go after it. You can trust your instincts to lead you to something worthwhile. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You like your efforts to count and to feel as though you are slowly but surely accomplishing your goal. So, you may need to be even more patient than usual, as Mercury your personal planet is on the verge of changing direction. This can mean further complications to your best-laid plans. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You could feel a tad emotional as the Moon in Cancer and a high-flying zone can find you reacting to people and events and unable to hold back your feelings. Those you are in contact with might not be so thoughtful as you and their remarks may be tactless. Detaching is the key. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Your plans may be thrown into disarray and it’s not your fault. There are influences that could cause delays or throw a spanner in the works. It’s also possible that you’ve been taking something for granted and soon you might realise this isn’t a good idea. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You might have strong opinions but you may be pushed into admitting you’ve made a mistake. When it becomes obvious that you can no longer hide it, it’s the best thing you could do. But don’t let it upset you. Everyone gets the wrong end of the stick at some time, so forget it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 If you’ve experienced cashflow issues, then you may be ready to take action to make sure that this doesn’t happen again. With prudent Saturn your personal planet preparing to turn retrograde, this is one of the best times to cut back expenses and find deft ways to increase your income. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Is there something you want so badly, you’ll do anything to have it? If so, you may be presented with a dilemma. To get it, you might need to cross a line that you would usually try to avoid. This could cause you to think very carefully about your values and principles, and why you want what you do. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You may assume that nothing can alter your plans but you could be wrong. With Mercury slowing down before turning direct and Saturn slowing before going retrograde, there is plenty of room for shifts and changes that you hadn’t expected. Take nothing for granted and try to be flexible. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the week of May 29 to June 4 - and Saturn retrograde MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you