The Pound is rallying against the Euro and US dollar after it was announced a vote of confidence in Boris Johnson would go ahead. Sterling rose 0.6% to 1.26 US dollars and 0.4% to 1.17 euros. Financial expert Victoria Scholar said the UK’s economy ‘could get a boost and reverse some of the recent negativity’ if the PM loses. ‘The pound will be closely watched this evening, with above average volatility expected around tonight’s decision,’ the head of investment at interactive investor said. Tonight’s vote was formally triggered after at least 15% of Tory MPs sent in no confidence letters. Senior Conservatives are now queueing up to publicly say they would vote against the PM. Jeremy Hunt, who stood for the party leadership in 2019, warned the Tories would lose the next election if Mr Johnson remained in post. The former foreign secretary said: ‘Anyone who believes our country is stronger, fairer and more prosperous when led by Conservatives should reflect that the consequence of not changing will be to hand the country to others who do not share those values. ‘Today’s decision is change or lose. I will be voting for change.’ In one of the most brutal letters submitted so far, former minister Jesse Norman said Mr Johnson had presided over ‘a culture of casual law-breaking’ in No 10 and his claim he was vindicated by the Sue Gray report was ‘grotesque’. But cabinet ministers – who could lose their own jobs if the PM is forced out – are rallying round. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said: ‘The Prime Minister has my 100% backing in today’s vote and I strongly encourage colleagues to support him. ‘He has delivered on Covid recovery and supporting Ukraine in the face of Russian aggression. He has apologised for mistakes made. We must now focus on economic growth.’ Chancellor Rishi Sunak said ‘the PM has shown the strong leadership our country needs’. ‘I am backing him today and will continue to back him as we focus on growing the economy, tackling the cost of living and clearing the Covid backlogs,’ Mr Sunak said. Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab said: ‘The PM has got the big calls right – securing life-saving vaccines, firing up our economy and standing up to Putin’s aggression against Ukraine. ‘We need to back him, unite and focus on delivering the people’s priorities.’ MPs will vote between 6pm and 8pm this evening after the PM addresses backbenchers to shore up support. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.