Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson might just be the most photogenic couple on the planet. The 41-year-old reality star and her 28-year-old comedian beau have jetted off on a romantic tropical break together and shared some stunning snaps as they enjoy some quality time by soaking up the sun. They piled on the PDA as they were pictured kissing with her hands on each other’s derrieres and holding hands in the sea, while The Kardashians star showed off her figure in matching black string bikini top and bottoms. Sharing a series of snaps that would put most people’s holiday photos to shame, she simply captioned the post: ‘beach for 2’. ‘He passed the content taking boyfriend test,’ she joked on her Instagram Story as Pete stepped behind the camera to film her stepping into the clear blue ocean. In another clip, Kim – who didn’t reveal where they were staying on their break – shared a stunning view of their picture perfect surroundings, soundtracked by the opening line of Ilene Woods’ timeless track So This Is Love. Meanwhile, her boyfriend was dressed for the weather as he sported a short beard with a black cap covering his head, while his tattooed torso was on display in an open short-sleeved black shirt. He and Kim were both seen in almost matching shades as they headed out on a canoe, before taking in scenery in a larger boat. In another clip, the couple spotted a hermit grab on the sand, as another person with them lifted up the shell and revealed the crustacean as it stuck out its legs for the camera. The loved up couple have been inseparable ever since Kim’s Saturday Night Live hosting debut in October 2021. On a recent episode of The Kardashians, the reality star gave viewers an intimate insight into their relationship as she told her girlfriends that one of his date night suggestions left her feeling a bit hot under the collar. ‘One time Pete was like, “hey babe, let’s go get some ice cream Thrifty,”‘ Kim recalled. ‘And I was like Oh My God, you are making me so f****** horny.”‘ ‘It was literally like one of the best nights of my life,’ she added. Away from ice cream and X-rated confessions, it seems like things are getting serious between the pair as the former SNL star took Kim’s son Saint shopping at The Grove plaza in LA on earlier this month and appeared to head into the Cheesecake Factory. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kanye West ‘taking year off’ claims friend after Kim Kardashian and Chaney Jones break-ups: ‘He’s battling his own s**t’ MORE : Pete Davidson holds hands with Kim Kardashian’s son Saint despite Kanye West’s comments about not meeting kids 