The energies are all pointing to change and with the long bank holiday ahead of us what better day to start? Aquarius, perhaps it’s time for a new beginning. Expect a pleasant surprise, Gemini. With the Moon in your sign, possibilities are endless for Cancer. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for June 2, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 There are brighter elements showing up, that can push you to be bold and take on new challenges. There are also subtle forces at work that may inspire you to give yourself some nurturing, which might be just the ticket Aries. The Moon in Cancer, might be a call to relish a massage or spa treatment or to relax in the bath. And while doing so, some great ideas can begin to flow. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 The coming weeks can see you taking part in conversations that could have a profound effect on your mind. Upbeat encounters might encourage you to go deeper within yourself, and change your perspective on important issues. It’s also possible that some of your ideas may turn another’s life around. Need to resolve an ongoing issue, Taurus? Intuitive insights can help. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Events may occur without you seemingly initiating them. And if so, this can be down to the energy of the recent New Moon in your sign. This potent lunar phase could bring encounters and opportunities that you hadn’t expected, which might be a pleasant surprise. There’s still time to push ahead with a golden plan, knowing that if you do, things may quickly begin to blossom. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 With the Moon in your sign angling towards Uranus, you may want to involve another in an interest or new experience. And if you both enjoy it, you might want to keep it going. This can be one of those days when things seem to flow smoothly, and you feel good in yourself and want to extend this to others. You could be a tad restless though, so a good walk may help settle you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Leo 24 July – 23 August Don’t presume that something is all sewn up, as the current outlook suggests it might not be. You may need to jump through a few hoops or twist yourself into a pretzel before things start looking more promising. This doesn’t mean you’re going to fail though. It simply suggests that the path to your goal or desire may not be as straightforward and uncomplicated as you hoped it would be. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 With a focus on your sector of transformation, the coming days might encourage you to try a new tack. This may mean letting go of an issue completely and relaxing your grip, rather than overthinking it and trying to make it happen. If you find yourself getting emotional or feeling overwhelmed in the meantime Virgo, then moving your body can help you get grounded. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Good news may come your way regarding a business or a financial matter, but don’t immediately jump to celebrate until you check it out. It won’t hurt to do some research just to be sure, as there might be something you really need to know about, Libra. Once you know the score, you could make a counteroffer that works out nicely for you. You don’t have to compromise. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 You may be bubbling over with ideas, that could make a difference to you and to others. The coming weeks and months can be a prime time to explore an exciting array of options, and zero in on those that appeal the most. You might have so many to consider, that getting your priorities right may be difficult, Scorpio. However, your instincts will ensure you take the best route. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You may be over cautious in one area of life, and yet feel an urge to abandon restraints when it comes to another. Treading a middle path might help you avoid any regrets. If you’re finding a limiting situation too uncomfortable, the temptation to take a leap of faith could be strong. Yet with a more cautious approach things can soon change, and they will be more to your liking. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Finding a renewed interest in a fun activity can be a source of joy and relaxation, and all the sweeter for connecting with it on a whim, Capricorn. You might get so much more out of it, if you join up with like-minded others though. You’ll find support, the option to share experiences and perhaps to find romance, and this could set you up for sociable and pleasant times ahead. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 The easiest way to deal with emotional issues may be to take a step back if you can, as what seems like a difficulty, might really be the seed of a new beginning. For it to sprout though, you need to make decisions that are intuitive rather than feeling based. And you could need to let go of something that no longer works, as doing so will allow you to be true to yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You may prefer to go with the flow and accept almost everything that crosses your path, but discrimination could also play a big part in navigating the days ahead in a positive way. This will apply if certain others think nothing of intruding on your plans. One approach though Pisces, is to make aspects of your schedule non-negotiable. You’ll get more done, and you’ll be happier too. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the week of May 29 to June 4 - and Saturn retrograde MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you