Adele and Rich Paul made a rare public outing together as they attended the wedding Kevin Love and Kate Bock over the weekend. The singer, 34, looked glamorous in a black mesh gown, which she paired with a tiny black clutch bag and old Hollywood-style loose curls, while her sports agent beau, 40, wore a sharp black tuxedo and bowtie. They posed together with LeBron James and his wife Savannah in one snap released from the wedding, with Savannah also wearing all black for the occasion. Kevin and Kate tied the knot at the New York Public Library in a Great Gatsby-inspired wedding with the Cleveland Cavaliers star rocking black trousers and a white tuxedo jacker, while Kate wore a high-necked lace gown with a long lace train. He told People: ‘We wanted to do an old-school NYC, black and white, Gatsby-inspired ball. We thought it was chic, timeless and elegant. ‘I’m beyond grateful that we were surrounded by our closest friends and family. You have the family that you are born to and the family you make along the way. ‘Kate and I couldn’t have been happier with how the evening went — and we’re excited to celebrate the rest of our lives together.’ Both Adele and Rich, who have been dating since June 2021, have recently opened up about their plans to have more children in the future, with Rich admitting he hopes to be a ‘more patient dad’ if he has more children in the future. Adele, meanwhile, opened up on The Graham Norton Show in February 2022, adding: ‘I want a baby next year. I have plans next year! I have plans. Imagine if I have to cancel the shows because I’m having a baby. ‘It takes me a while to recharge, and I would like to have more children – I only just feel like I’ve caught up with my sleep from nine years ago when I had my son.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Adele promises to ‘blow your socks off’ with Hyde Park set as she announces Kacey Musgraves and Gabrielle as special guests MORE : Adele’s boyfriend Rich Paul ‘looking forward to being older dad’ after singer confirmed baby plans 