Ask people in London what they’d do if they won the lottery, and their first answer will likely be ‘buy a home’. With all that money, we could surely land a giant house in a leafy bit of central, or a seriously snazzy penthouse suite. Well… perhaps not, looking at how prices keep rising. Just look at what £1,000,000 gets you in the city: not a giant house or a rooftop terrace, but a studio flat. To be fair, said studio flat is in a very fancy location: Kensington High Street, right above one of the shops. But for a million quid, you’d get just 454 sq ft of space. That’s £220 per square foot. Oh, and there’s also a yearly service charge of £3,106.01, so do bear that in mind when you’re working out your budget. While the property does lack in space, it’s got quite nice interiors. The main space functions as a bedroom meets living room meets kitchen, with some cupboards by the bed for storage. The kitchen area has Miele appliances, with a full-height fridge hidden behind cupboard doors, a microwave, a four-ring hob, an oven, and a sink. Spotlights in the ceiling and large windows make the space feel light and airy, and you get views of the high street. Sometimes royals and celebs go along this road, so spotting them could be a bonus. In the bathroom is a large shower (no bath, sorry), a snazzy sink, a loo, and a heated towel rail. Circa London, who are selling the property with a £1million asking price, describe the flat as ‘spacious’ and ‘larger than average’. ‘A well presented and larger than average studio apartment that is set within a beautiful Edwardian conversion in the heart of the very desirable Kensington High Street, offering some of London’s finest retail, restaurants, and bars on your doorstep,’ reads the listing. ‘With double height ceilings, period features and an impeccable finish throughout, this studio a gives a wonderful sense of space and style as soon as you enter. ‘Benefitting from a sublime kitchen with Miele appliances, wood flooring throughout and an alluring shower room, would make this the perfect pied à terre / rental investment.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Studio flat with 179 sq ft of space and the bed wedged into the kitchen could be yours for £80,000 MORE : What I Rent: Oriana, £2,000 a month for a one-bedroom flat in Canning Town, London MORE : These are the most sustainable cities in the world – and London made top 10