Keith Lemon’s Celebrity Juice is coming to an end later this year after 14 years on our screens. The outrageous ITV2 comedy panel show, which is fronted by X-rated character Keith (the alter ego of Leigh Francis), launched in 2008 but will now be ending with a pair of special episodes later in 2022. Leigh announced the news on Twitter, writing: ‘After 14 years, 26 series, 300 eps @CelebJuice is concluding later this year with two farewell specials. ‘Thank you so so much to everyone who watched, to the team captains, guests, crew and itv2. ‘It was the longest most fun party! I had a wonderful time. Big love x’ The announcement was shared alongside a compilation video of classic moments from the show set to Time to Say Goodbye. The show first aired in 2008 with Fearne Cotton and Holly Willoughby appearing as team captains, with Fearne later replaced by Paddy McGuinness, and Mel B later taking his spot. The Inbetweeners star Emily Atack and Laura Whitmore were both drafted in to replace the pair in 2020, with the Love Island presenter returning to her slot just two weeks after giving birth. Although the show originally focused on the week’s tabloid news stories, it would evolve as the celebrity guests were put through more over the top games and challenges. ITV is yet to confirm details of the final two episodes – including potential lineups – but fans have already expressed their dismay at the show coming to an end. One fan wrote: ‘One of the few shows that’s ever made me cry with laughter and unable to breathe at times! Thanks for the great memories!!’ Another said: ‘I’m absolutely gutted this is ending. But what a great run it’s had, Will definitely miss that on Thursday nights after the final 2 specials that air.’ A third fan tweeted: ‘A bonkers but brilliant show, I’ve seen things on there I never thought I would! How the team came up with some of the ideas is beyond me. Thank you for the laughs.’ Celebrity Juice is available to stream on ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Barbie and Pamela Anderson!:’ Love Island fans beg for Tasha Ghouri and Paige Thorne to ‘couple up’ after steamy kiss MORE : Keith Lemon’s Channel 4 show axed after one series as he admits it was ‘too expensive to make’ 