WWE legend Jeff Hardy has been arrested on multiple charges including a third DUI offense within 10 years. The 44-year-old star – who is currently contracted to All Elite Wrestling (AEW) alongside his brother Matt – was arrested in Volusia County, Florida shortly after midnight on Sunday night. As stated by the Volusia County Corrections website, the charges are alleged third drug or alcohol-related DUI offense within 10 years, driving with a suspended, canceled or revoked license, and violation of restrictions placed on a driver’s license. Hardy’s surety cash bond is listed as $3,500, which includes $500 for each license charge, and $2,500 for the DUI. It’s said the former world champion – who has been open about his battle with addiction – is scheduled to appear in front of a judge for his first hearing on Tuesday afternoon (June 14). Hardy is currently scheduled to be part of Wednesday night’s episode of AEW Dynamite, where he will team up with his brother Matt against The Young Bucks and Jurassic Express for the latter duo’s tag team championships. Hardy was shockingly released by Vince McMahon’s company in December following an incident at a live event, and he made his AEW Dynamite debut on the same day he officially became a free agent. Earlier this month, he teamed up with Matt for a ‘dream match’ against the Young Bucks at AEW Double Or Nothing, but he was ‘knocked loopy’ early on and doesn’t remember anything after the incident. ‘I was happy with the match, especially considering very early on in the match Jeff was almost knocked out,’ Matt said on the Extreme Life of Matt Hardy podcast. ‘So he got hurt pretty bad. ‘That’s why he’s being pulled from the match in Los Angeles, obviously. So he was kind of running on fumes going through the match. So he still held up his end of the bargain pretty good in the big scheme of things.’ The idea of the Hardys facing off with the Bucks – Matt and Nick Jackson – in an AEW ring was a dream for many fans, but Jeff doesn’t have any memory of the action after knocking his head. Matt praised his brother for still being ‘so good at what he does’, and he was impressed by Jeff battling through the injury and finishing the match. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : AEW’s Darby Allin hits WWE legend Jeff Hardy with sickening dive off huge ladder onto steel chairs MORE : Jeff Hardy broke down in tears over ‘offensive’ WWE Hall of Fame offer just weeks after shock release