Some people are naturally talented when it comes to organisation – and it’s best for those of us who don’t possess that gift to listen to their wisdom. Thomas Clifford’s recent TikTok video illustrates how much can be learned from trusting the process, showing his wife’s packing prowess ahead of a couple’s holiday. The video, titled ‘Things my wife takes on holiday which just make sense,’ has been viewed over a million times. In it, Thomas lists the items his partner packed for their travels. On the surface, many seem like strange things to have in your suitcase, however Thomas says: ‘I hate to admit it, but she’s on to something.’ From electrical adapters to collapsible washing baskets, they’re all travel-friendly essentials that can be folded to make the most of your luggage allowance. Commenters called her ideas ‘genius’ and many echoed the sentiment of this person who said: ‘I want to go on holiday with your wife.’ For those of you who don’t have Thomas’s spouse helping them out, we’ve listed the pieces shared that ‘just make sense’ – so you can be an equally savvy packer. One of the ideas Thomas’s followers praised most was the collapsible washing basket. This can be opened up and placed in the corner of your hotel room, so you can put your dirty clothes away and have them all in the same place when it’s time to go home. Get one for £11.04 at Amazon. For the most part, we all remember to bring travel adapters with us on holiday. Instead of this, though, why not go for an extension cable that allows you to plug in multiple devices with just one adapter? This one, available on Amazon, costs £16.99 and comes with USB ports as well as Universal sockets that suit appliances from the UK, US, EU, and beyond. Rather than trying to tie your wet swimwear to your balcony railings to let it dry, Thomas’ wife brought a handy mini hanger along with them. These are sometimes known as sock hangers or drip racks, and lay flat in your case so don’t take up much room. With attached pegs, you won’t have to worry about your smalls going flying in the wind. Get this foldable indoor sock dryer for £12.99 at Amazon. Thomas showed his portable shower speaker on display in their hotel bathroom, but the beauty of packing one of these is that you can use it by the pool, at the beach, or on the balcony. Of course you don’t want to anger your neighbours with loud music, but a few tunes is a must on holiday. Get this Bluetooth 5.0 enabled waterproof speaker and portable radio for £18.99 at Amazon. In his second video, Thomas showed how his wife brought along a boxed makeup brush for applying sunscreen. This is particularly useful if you tend to get sticky and sandy hands when you put on your sun cream, allowing you to stay protected hands-free and achieve even coverage. Get this travel-friendly Kabuki brush for £5.69 at Amazon. Even if your hotel provides towels, it’s best to bring your own for the beach to help make your spot stand out. Plus, the ones Thomas and his wife took with them have pockets, keeping their essentials off the ground and all in one place. Get this lounger towel with pockets for £11.99 at Amazon. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : A sneak peek inside the first Tim Hortons in London – opening tomorrow MORE : The best places to go shopping in Paris