With the summer season *almost* in full swing, you’re probably planning your holidays – at home and away. Maybe you’re not a fan of holidaying abroad. Perhaps you’re scared of flying. Or maybe you’re still not ready to leave the UK amid the pandemic. Thankfully, the UK is well versed with staycations these days, and even more so with camping. Campsites adorn most corners of our country, meaning you can soak up what Britain has to offer while enjoying a staycation. If you are planning to go camping this year, then you’re probably keen to hear some useful tips for a stress-free trip. With camping notorious for being stressful, if you’re wanting nothing but happy memories from your holiday, then you’ll definitely want to take note. And with British weather being unpredictable, it pays to be prepared. Being well equipped to cope with the elements can be the difference between a relaxing experience or grinning and bearing the cold. To help plan your trip, Danielle Mason, Head of Product Development at The Fine Bedding Company has shared her top tips so you can stress less and instead kick back and relax in the greenery. Making sure everything is planned down to the fine details is something that seems like a tough job – but it really can determine your entire holiday. Danielle says that planning is key to a smooth and relaxing camping trip. ‘Simply researching what types of activities are available nearby, plus what facilities are available on-site will help you pack better,’ she suggests. She recommends pre-preparing food at home before you leave, so that you’re able to heat up pre-made one pot dishes such as chilli or curry. Personally I love a list, and you’ll often find me putting a literal pen to a notepad to keep everything in check. If paper lists aren’t your thing, then organising your trip on apps like Trello or Google Keep can be of great help. Danielle notes that there are plenty of template packing lists online to help you get started. She added that for more well-seasoned campers: ‘It’s best to update your list each year before and after you travel. ‘That way you know exactly what you did and didn’t need.’ ‘When packing, think about what you really need to take with you,’ Danielle urges. ‘You likely don’t need those ten extra pairs of socks and pants. ‘Most modern campsites now have laundry facilities, showers and washing up stations. ‘So don’t take single-use plastic cups and plates, be kind to the environment!’ Packing doesn’t just apply to the rucksacks and holdalls you plan on taking – packing the car for your trip is just as, if not even more important. ‘When packing the car, put the tent in last as this will be the first thing you take out when you arrive at the campsite,’ Danielle adds. ‘Use vacuum bags for your bedding and clothing, before your journey home you can suck out the air at the campsite with your airbed pump set to deflate.’ As we’ve already mentioned, the UK weather can be hot one minute and freezing the next – which means being prepared is key. Danielle explains how in the spring and summer the weather can be mild during the day, with temperatures plummeting at night. ‘You’ll want to invest in a high-quality sleeping bag which is versatile and durable,’ she adds. ‘The Fine Bedding Company recommends 7.0 tog when camping in the UK, even in the height of summer. ‘A 3-in-1 sleeping bag has great versatility, to be used as either two single sleeping bags, a double sleeping bag or even used as two separate blankets. ‘It also has a great warmth to weight ratio, meaning a smaller pack size for the same warmth compared to other bulky sleeping bags on the market.’ Holidays are rarely plain-sailing, abroad or in the UK, which is why having a backup plan is quite a sensible thing to have. To avoid being stuck inside the tent for a full day or more, Danielle recommends having backup activities planned for rainy periods. ‘Activities such as swimming, bowling, shopping and eating out are a great way to keep entertained whilst staying dry.’ Because planning a holiday is a finely tuned operation, it’s a lot for one person to plan single-handedly. Thinking about what tasks can be delegated to your partner or the rest of the family, is a great way to give yourself a bit of breathing space. Danielle says: ‘Even children can be in charge of packing their own toys (carefully edited down by yourself afterwards of course) and your partner could be in charge of mapping the route, planning in pitstops and fuel refills. ‘Delegating specific tasks like this can help ease the responsibility, making the trip more enjoyable.’ This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Easy summer recipes to jazz up boring lunches MORE : These are the plants you need to get your garden back on track this summer MORE : Mum reveals money-saving hacks to help parents save cash on summer holidays