Covid-19 infections have risen for the first time in two months in the UK. The jump is thought to be caused by the Omicron variant, as in the previous wave. However, it now comprises the original Omicron variant BA.1 as well as newer variants BA.4 and BA.5, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS). A total of 989,800 people in private households are estimated to have had the virus last week, up from 953,900 the previous week. This is the first time total infections have risen week-on-week since the end of March, when the number hit a record 4.9 million at the peak of the Omicron BA.2 wave. All four nations have seen a recent rise in infections, though the ONS describes the trend in Scotland and Wales as ‘uncertain’. In England last week, 797,500 people were likely to test positive for Covid – the equivalent of around one in 70. This is up week-on-week from 784,100, which was also around one in 70. In Northern Ireland, around one in 65 people now have the virus, up from one in 75the previous week. In Scotland, the figure is now one in 40, up from one in 50. Meanwhile in Wales, the figure is now around one in 75. The ONS said: ‘Across all four UK countries, the percentage of people testing positive for Covid-19 compatible with Omicron variants BA.1, BA.4 and BA.5 increased in the week ending June 2 2022.’ The original Omicron variant caused a surge in infections across the UK in December and early January. BA.4 and BA.5 are newer variants that were recently classified by the UK Health Security Agency as ‘variants of concern’, after analysis found both were likely to have a ‘growth advantage’ over BA.2, which is still the dominant strain in the country. Initial findings suggest BA.4 and BA.5 have a degree of ‘immune escape’ – meaning the immune system can no longer recognise or fight a virus – which is likely to contribute to their growth advantage, the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) said. Meanwhile, separate figures suggested the recent drop in the number of people in hospital with Covid-19 may also have come to a halt. Some 4,082 patients in England had Covid-19 on June 9, up 6% on the previous week, while in Scotland 637 patients were recorded on June 5 – the latest date available – up 8% week-on-week. Patient numbers in both nations had previously been on a steady downwards trend since early April, following the peak of the Omicron BA.2 wave. In Wales and Northern Ireland, the figures for people in hospital with the virus have levelled off in recent days. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.