Keir Starmer has blasted the ‘divided Tories’ who chose to ‘prop up’ Boris Johnson and ‘ignore the British public’. The Labour leader claimed the Conservative Party had shown that they believe the British public has ‘no right to expect honest politicians’ after the prime minister survived a vote of confidence tonight. He won the vote by 211-148, meaning he keeps his job – but the results are unlikely to put the conversation on his controversial leadership to bed. His majority of 63 means he came closer to being ousted than Theresa May did, failing to surpass the 60% support she secured. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has named the UK leader ‘a lame duck’ and pointed out his lack of support across Scotland. She said: ‘That result is surely the worst of all worlds for the Tories. But much more importantly: at a time of huge challenge, it saddles the UK with an utterly lame duck PM. ‘And for Scotland, it just underlines the democratic deficit – only 2 of  59 MPs have confidence in the PM.’ Speaking at a press conference after the results emerged, Sir Keir named Mr Johnson ‘utterly unfit for the great office he holds’. ‘The British public are fed up. Fed up with a prime minister who promises big but never delivers’, he said. ‘Fed up with a prime minister who has presided over a culture of lies and lawbreaking at the heart of government. Fed up with a prime minister who is utterly unfit for the great office he holds. ‘Conservative MPs made their choice tonight. They have ignored the British public and hitched themselves and their party firmly to Boris Johnson and all he represents.’ The leader of the opposition reflected on the weekend’s unified Platinum Jubilee celebrations and said ‘it is grotesque that the very next day the Conservative Party has chosen to throw that sense of duty and those values on the bonfire’. Meanwhile, Leader of the Liberal Democrats Ed Davey said Mr Johnson is a ‘failing Prime Minister who cannot be propped up any longer’. He tweeted: ‘Every Conservative MP who cares about integrity and decency must do the right thing, resign the whip and sit as an independent. ‘For the sake of our country, this failing Prime Minister cannot be propped up any longer.’ MORE : Piers Morgan slams Boris Johnson for ‘ruining’ Queen’s Platinum Jubilee with no confidence vote: ‘Didn’t take him long’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.