IMPACT Wrestling star Gisele Shaw has come out as transgender. The 33-year-old wrestler – who has held championships in promotions like PROGRESS and Rev Pro Wrestling – admitted while there isn’t a ‘perfect time to be coming out’, she decided to do so as part of Toronto Pride. She told the San Francisco Chronicle: ‘There is really no perfect time to be coming out. It’s my journey. Now just felt right for me.” Gisele – whose real name is Gisele Mayordo – noted ‘everyone’ should feel included in sports, and she hopes to inspire people to chase their dreams. ‘Sports is great, I would want everyone to be included. People are getting away from, that trans people are discriminated against, that trans people are the targets of violence,’ she added. ‘That’s why I want to come out now, to help people hear about these things, that are so much more important than what they’re talking about on sports.’ The Filipino star noted there has always been an ‘unsaid rule’ that she would ‘set an example’ for her sisters, which she is doing through her wrestling career. She added: ‘Coming from an Asian background, being the oldest, there was an unsaid rule, the expectation was that I would carry the family name, that I would set an example, that I would take care of my sisters.’ Meanwhile, IMPACT Wrestling executive vice president Scott D’Amore has backed Gisele’s decision to come out publicly, and made it clear her status in the company won’t change. He said: ‘Gisele Shaw is a woman and a valued member of our roster. [Her role] will not be affected or in any way changed by her disclosing she’s transgender to the wider public.’ The Knockout has received messages of support from the wrestling world, with co-worker Mia Yim tweeting: ‘Sooo proud of ⁦@GiseleShaw08⁩ !!!’ IMPACT World Champion Josh Alexander wrote: ‘Beyond happy for & proud of @GiseleShaw08 Phenomenal talent & even better person. Happy to call her a friend. Jordynne Grace added in a statement: ‘As her friend, I’m excited for Gisele to be able to inspire people with her story. I know that is important to her. I’m biased, but I think the trans community has a great role-model in her.’ Meanwhile, D’Amore noted in his own statement on the IMPACT website that while the company focuses on ‘inclusiveness and representation’, Shaw in on their roster on her own merit. ‘IMPACT Wrestling has been at the forefront of empowering female performers for over 15 years. Our company believes featuring storylines with women athletes and characters from all different walks of life can not only entertain, but also inspire,’ he added. ‘Inclusiveness and representation are important to IMPACT and parent company Anthem Sports & Entertainment, but I’ll also add Gisele is in IMPACT Wrestling because of her wrestling ability, her charisma and because she fits in with our roster. ‘She is in IMPACT Wrestling because she’s one of the best young talents anywhere in the business.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ex-WWE star Gabbi Tuft shares powerful nude before-and-after selfie to celebrate gender transition anniversary MORE : WWE star Rhea Ripley confirms ‘brain and teeth’ injury after being pulled from Money In The Bank 