Ryan Gosling and Margot Robbie have been seen sporting fairly unusual outfits as they film scenes for the Barbie movie. The upcoming film – a live-action revolving around the famous doll, her illustrious career and her love life – is one of the most eagerly anticipated films this year. Featuring a star-studded cast, with Margot leading as the titular character and Ryan playing her love interest, Ken, Greta Gerwig’s newest project has people waiting desperately impatiently for it to be released. Fans will have quite a while to wait, however, as filming has only just begun. Stars Margot and Ryan were seen in character as Ken and Barbie on set in Los Angeles, with Margot looking incredible as the famous doll. Dressed in a 70s-style hot pink outfit with flared trousers patterned with stars, a pink scarf and white trench coat, the star topped it off with a white cowboy hat, looking very Barbie in the process. Ken – er, Ryan – meanwhile dressed almost entirely in black: trousers, belt, and cowboy jacket, adorned with a white fringe and flower pattern, a pink scarf to match Barbie’s, and yet another white cowboy hat. In the snaps, Ken and Barbie stroll down the street together, looking perfectly matched in their genuinely outrageous outfits. Margot can be seen grinning and touching her hand to her chest as the pair speak, however her face appears to drop in second photograph. In another photo, the doll – who has worked as everything from a vet to a princess since her creation in 1959 – gestures with her hands as she tries to explain something. Notably, Barbie and Ken are the only characters dressed like, well, Barbie and Ken, with people in the background looking as normal as you would see on any street. Official portraits of the pair, released earlier this month, see then hanging out at Barbie’s all-pink dream house, with Margot in her all-pink car – but perhaps it’s not a Barbie World after all in this upcoming film. While many of the new photos show Margot and Ryan speaking only to each other, one snap sees them interacting with a group, with one woman also dressed in all-pink apart from a black backpack. It’s unclear whether this is a scene from the film or the actors catching up once their scenes have been shot – and we can’t wait to find out. In April we got our first glimpse of Margot as the titular ionic doll, with bleach-blonde hair, joyful smile and all-pink Barbie car. The film boasts a massively star-studded cast, including upcoming Doctor Who star Ncuti Gatwa, Saturday Night Live’s Kate McKinnon, Marvel superhero Simu Liu, and comedy legend Will Ferrell. Some of the cast were spotted enjoying a night out in London earlier this month, with Margot seen beaming as she watched a Magic Mike Show in the capital’s West End. Margot was reportedly joined by Greta, Ncuti and others for the night out, which ended at a club in nearby Soho. As exciting as it all is, fans will still have to wait just a bit longer to see Ken and Barbie in action, with a release date set for July 21, 2023. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Margot Robbie all dolled up as Barbie in glorious hot pink outfit in first on-set photos MORE : Ryan Gosling is still the juicy thirst trap we need as Barbie’s Ken 