Hugh Bonneville shared a sweet exchange with Paddington following the fictional character’s surprise sketch with the Queen during the Platinum Jubilee. Much like her Bond skit at the London Olympics 2012, Her Majesty surprised the nation when she appeared in a comedy segment with Paddington bear as part of the four-day celebrations to mark her 70 years on the throne. In the short clip, which opened the BBC’s Party at the Palace concert on Saturday, the Queen and Paddington, played by Ben Whishaw, bond over their love for marmalade sandwiches making for heartwarming scenes. Following the sketch, Hugh Bonneville – who plays Henry Brown in the films – tweeted: ‘Hmm @paddingtonbear, there’s an unfamiliar teaspoon in the kitchen drawer at 32 Windsor Gardens… any ideas?’ in reference to Paddington enjoying tea with the Queen. The official Paddington Twitter account responded: ‘I’m sorry I don’t. Mrs Bird has suggested that you might like to ask @simonfarnaby.’ Horrible Histories star Simon Farnaby delivered a comical performance playing the Queen’s footman in the sketch. During the skit, Paddington accidentally splattered some food on the butler’s face, before revealing he had a marmalade sandwich stashed away for safekeeping. The Queen then did one better, unclasping her handbag on the table to reveal she had a sandwich of her own. In a particularly touching moment, Paddington thanks the Queen for her years of service. After years of entertaining children in books and on TV, Paddington made his film debut in 2014’s animated version while the sequel was released in 2017. Paddington 3 is expected to begin filming this year with Whishaw reprising his role as the adorable bear, alongside Downton Abbey star Hugh and The Shape of Water actress Sally Hawkins. In February, Hugh was stunned to learn that Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky voiced Paddington in both films during his stint as an actor before going into politics. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dan Walker mocks Piers Morgan by ‘storming out’ of Good Morning Britain interview MORE : Billi Mucklow and Andy Carroll share kiss in first wedding photo after footballer was pictured with woman on bed at stag do 