Love Island host Laura Whitmore has defended asking axed islander Remi Lambert to do a farewell rap during his appearance on After Sun on Sunday night. Remi became the second islander to be eliminated from Love Island after failing to couple up with any of the girls in the second recoupling. When he entered the villa last week, he immediately showed off his lyrical flow, to the amusement of Luca Bish, and last night he performed again and got quite the reaction from last year’s islanders Chloe Burrows and Toby Aromolaran. Some viewers, however, said the ‘awkwardness’ was unbearable. ‘Why did they make Remi freestyle on live TV? As if the man hasn’t suffered enough!’ complained one critic, while another tweeted: ‘So rude making Remi do his interview outside the villa front door, not even in his hotel room. No respect.’ One fan even said Remi looked ‘broken’ on After Sun, and said asking him to rap was ‘in bad faith’, adding: ‘I thought [Laura Whitmore] and crew were supposed to “BE KIND”.’ Laura hit back though, and stressed: ‘Remi is a rapper and asked in good faith in advance if he’d rap and prepare something which he did. ‘Live Telly is nerve wrecking, believe me, so maybe he was a bit nervous but he deserved to have his time.’ After Afia Tonkmore became the first islander to get the boot from the villa last week, Laura also teased: ‘Also I want to make Remi & Afia happen!’ We’re here for it too! Following his exit from the villa, Remi admitted he was ‘a bit disappointed’. ‘I wish I could stay longer to get to know Indiyah and Danica mostly. At the same time, I feel like it was my time to leave. I was getting mixed signals and I wasn’t getting a clear answer from the girls,’ he said. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 