Prince Andrew has been pictured horse riding as he faces ‘ongoing money troubles’ ahead of his first public appearance with the Royal Family in months. The Duke of York, 62, was seen wearing a helmet and blue coat as he talked to a groom while in the saddle in the Windsor sunshine. But the trip came as he was called an ‘absolute fool’ over claims that the sale of his £18m Swiss chalet has been frozen so more debtors can claim £1.6million from him. The Queen’s second son is believed to have put the Verbier property on the market to help him pay a financial settlement to his accuser Virginia Giuffre. She claimed the duke sexually abused her when she was 17, but Andrew has vehemently denied the allegations. A buyer has been found but the chalet is ‘under sequestration’ due to the new debt, it’s claimed. The freeze would mean that an unnamed Swiss couple, who had a business arrangement with the duke, is guaranteed to receive the £1.6million owed to them, the Daily Mail reports. Sources said to be ‘close to Andrew’ have insisted the freezing order is not holding up the chalet’s sale. But the previous owner of the chalet has said she feels ‘very sorry’ for the couple, having experienced ‘such stress’ herself in a long-running legal battle with the duke. Isabelle de Rouvre sold Chalet Helora to Andrew and his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson for £18 million in 2014 – with an agreement that the house would be paid for in installments. The couple allegedly failed to make the final installment of £5 million, but it was agreed the fee would be deferred until December 2019 – with interest building over time. Following a two-year legal battle in the Swiss courts, Ms de Rouvre announced ‘the war is over’ when the Yorks handed over the money back in January. She has described it as ‘a horrible experience’, saying ‘I do not understand how he operates’. Speaking about the unidentified couple’s alleged fight to get their £1.6 million, Ms de Rouvre added: ’It’s really rather unbelievable. He caused me such stress and now it’s claimed other people are owed money too. ‘They [Andrew and Sarah] are so crazy. He [Andrew] is an absolute fool and I just cannot understand how he goes about his life.’ L’Office Des Poursuites, the debt collection authority, has reportedly refused to comment. But an insider apparently said: ‘Talks are underway to resolve the matter, which are expected to be concluded satisfactorily for all parties, but it in no way prevents the sale of the chalet.’ Andrew is expected to be seen alongside his family at St George’ Chapel to mark Garter Day on Monday. It would be his first public appearance since Prince Philip’s memorial service, which saw him controversially escort his mother into Westminster Abbey. He was expected to appear at the Platinum Jubilee service of thanksgiving, alongside Prince Charles, Prince William and Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. But Buckingham Palace said at the last minute that he had tested positive for Covid and could no longer attend. Metro has contacted Prince Andrew for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.