Television coverage over the next four days will be dominated by the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Coverage marking the monarch’s 70 years on the throne will air on both the BBC and ITV across the Bank Holiday weekend with several special episodes, such as The One Show and EastEnders, also set to broadcast. But if you’re not keen on tuning in to all the royal action, there is also an abundance of alternatives to sink your teeth into. Here’s what TV to watch if you’re looking to escape the platty jubes. Britain’s Got Talent series 15 is currently in the semi-finals stage with the grand finale set to take place this Sunday. Judges David Walliams, Alesha Dixon, Simon Cowell, and Amanda Holden have the touch job of selecting which act will sail through to compete for the coveted winning title, with the public also voting for their favourite. On Tuesday’s show, singer Tom Ball and comedian Eva Abley secured spots in the final, joining the likes of impressionist Ben Nickless and musical duo Flintz and Taylor. Busker Maxwell Thorpe and 13-year-old ventriloquist Jamie Leahey have also made it to the last round. Britain’s Got Talent airs weeknights at 9pm on ITV, with the final taking place on Monday at 7.30pm. Stranger Things returned last week with the explosive season four part one. It had been a long wait to see the likes of Millie Bobby Brown’s Eleven back on television screens after the beloved Netflix series was delayed for over a year due to the pandemic. Th chapter kicks off six months after the Battle of Starcourt, which brought terror and destruction to Hawkins. Struggling with the aftermath, our group of friends are separated for the first time – and navigating the complexities of high school hasn’t made things any easier. In this most vulnerable time, a new and horrifying supernatural threat surfaces, presenting a gruesome mystery that, if solved, might finally put an end to the horrors of the Upside Down. Stranger Things 4 is streaming on Netflix now. The Boys returns for a super third season on Friday with the first three episodes dropping. The group will no doubt be dosing themselves up with Compound V – which provides any wielder with superpowers for 24 hours – to level the playing field with The Seven, Payback, and other Supes, like Homelander (leader of The Seven), who as the trailer confirms, is slowly descending into madness. Homelander’s Antony Starr has previously teased that season three is his favourite to date. ‘[It’s] hands down one of the most enjoyable seasons of TV I’ve had the good fortune of being involved with,’ he told TVLine. ‘All I can say is I truly believe the fans are going to freak out at season three… the payoff is going to be worth the wait.’ Consider us intrigued. The Boys season 3 arrives Friday, June 3 on Amazon’s Prime Video. Channel 4’s brand new comedy Big Boys returns with episode three on Thursday night. Created and narrated by Jack Rooke, the series stars Dylan Llewellyn as a university fresher Jack, who is trying to find his tribe while also trying to find himself. Tonight’s chapter is titled Merry Sexmas, and will see the first years encouraged to create work for Jules’s Sexual Health Awareness Week Showcase. Meanwhile, Jack and Danny each try to face up to their own sexual shortcomings. Comedy, starring Dylan Llewellyn, Jon Ponting and Katy Wix ‘Jack is a dweeby, sheltered, closeted boy from Watford, trying to overcome his grief after his dad’s passing and figure out what he wants in life,’ the show’s synopsis teases. ‘He leaves behind his potty-mouthed mum Peggy, who has persuaded him to take up a scholarship at the local uni so that he can make something of himself and not just be stuck at home, masturbating and knitting blankets to sell on Etsy. ‘Meanwhile, 25-year-old Danny is your typical loud-and-proud lads’ lad. Hailing from a run-down seaside town, Danny is a few years older than every other fresher, trying to live out a lost adolescence while confronting the demons of his mental health.’ Big Boys follows the group during their first year at Brent Uni as they explore, experiment, and try to discover themselves, helping one another along the way.’ Big Boys airs tonight at 10pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 