What better time is there than Pride to wear fun, bright and colourful makeup? We have two looks to inspire your Pride look. First, Metro.co.uk has teamed up with Angel-Africa, an influencer from the LGBTQ+ community working with Lottie London to create a Pride-inspired makeup look. It’s easy to follow with our video and step-by-step below, whether you want to do it to a T or use it as a starting point for your own look. Here’s how to do it. For our second look, we’ve teamed up with Mus from MAC Cosmetics to create something glittery and bold. This is simple to do too, using mainly just eyeliner in different tones and overlapping them to create a ‘faded in’ look. For his step-by-step, watch the video below with the volume on. Looking to refresh your makeup wardrobe for Pride? These are our top colourful picks. Get it for £5.95. Bold rainbow colours – what more could you want? Pro tip: to turn these powders into liners, wet a thin brush. Get it for £17.50 There’s every eyeliner colour you could ever want. Get it for £24. For lip colour that lasts and is vibrant, look no further than this comfortable pink liquid lipstick. Get it for £27. Use these shimmers as blushes or highlighters – there’s no better time than Pride for something so shiny. Get it for £12. Get playful with these stick on gems. Get it for £34. This gives high shine and full pigment. Get it for £4. You don’t get ‘extreme extension’ with this mascara, but you do get a fun pop of blue that won’t run. Get it for £29. Tap on cheekbones for a glow or layer under foundation for an all-over glow. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : My mum’s confidence was shattered once she started chemo – makeup changed that MORE : Why is budget makeup still failing ethnically diverse people? MORE : The LGBTQ Pride events happening in the UK and beyond to travel to this summer 