A third suspect has been arrested following the deaths of British journalist Dom Phillips and Indigenous expert Bruno Pereira. Brazil’s federal police said Jefferson da Silva Lima turned himself at a station in Atalaia do Norte in the Amazon. Human remains were recovered from a remote area in the jungle earlier this week. It came nearly two weeks after two men went missing in the Javari Valley bordering Peru and Colombia. According to an autopsy, Mr Phillips was shot in the chest and Mr Pereira in the head and the abdomen. Police said in a statement a ‘firearm with typical hunting ammunition’ was used to kill them. Two suspects are already in custody for alleged involvement – fisherman Amarildo Oliveira, nicknamed Pelado, who led authorities to their grave, and his brother, Oseney de Oliveira, known as Dos Santos. Writing on Twitter on Friday, Latin America minister Vicky Ford said: ‘I am very sad to hear confirmation Dom Phillips’s body has been identified. ‘My thoughts are with his family. I am grateful to everyone involved in the searches. ‘We will continue to support Mr Phillips’ family, and the Brazilian authorities as the investigations proceed.’ A second collection of human remains have not yet been identified but are expected to belong to Mr Pereira, 41. The two were last seen on June 5 while on their boat on the Itaquai river. ‘The confirmation (of Phillips’ remains) was made based on dental examinations and anthropological forensics,’ federal police said. ‘Work is ongoing for a complete identification of the remains so we can determine the cause of death, and also the dynamics of the crime and the hiding of the bodies.’ Mr Phillips’ sister said he had been on his final of several trips in the Amazon this year, where he was speaking to people working on projects including sustainable agro-forestry. Speaking on BBC Radio 4’s Today programme on Saturday, Sian Phillips said: ‘I think he underplayed the risks to some extent. But we knew that there were risks. ‘It was an area he had travelled in with Bruno before but of course things have changed since Bolsonaro has been in power. ‘The rights of the Indigenous people have been rolled back.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.