Lauren Laverne has spoken out to thank fans for their support following her mother’s death this weekend. The 44-year-old presenter was due to host the BBC’s coverage of Glastonbury from Saturday but was forced to pull out after her mum Celia died on Friday. On Sunday morning, Lauren returned to social media to share an update on her own wellbeing and how she is coping with her grief. Alongside a photo of her hugging Celia during her childhood, the broadcaster wrote in the Instagram post: ‘Hey everyone. I just wanted to say a massive thank you to the thousands of people who have taken the time to send such lovely messages of support to me and my family. ‘Yesterday I sent my husband and kids back to the festival (on the basis that my Mam would have driven them there herself if she could) and spent the day with my brother, his family and our dogs.’ Lauren shares two children – Fergus and Mack – with husband Graeme Fisher, who she has been married to since 2005. The presenter continued: ‘It was only when my baby nephew went to bed that I looked at my phone and saw the outpouring of love for us. Lots of people also shared their own stories of loss. I don’t know if I’ll get to reply to everyone (though I have read them all now) so I want to say here that if you are grieving too my heart goes out to you. ‘I’m in that very strange early bit (which I remember from losing my Dad a few years ago) where you feel the love as keenly as the loss. So thank you to everyone who made sure there was plenty to feel.’ She concluded: ‘We’re all as ok as we can be, feeling so lucky that Mam is and always will be ours and sending love from our family to you and yours xxxxx.’ The Desert Island Discs host previously explained to followers that she was pulling out of Glastonbury last-minute due to ‘personal reasons’. She explained: ‘Yesterday I lost my Mam, Celia. She was the kindest, most compassionate and most tenacious person I have ever met… ‘We are all utterly heartbroken to lose her. She had just given the kids their Glastonbury spending money and was looking forward to watching Paulie (as he was always known in our house – her favourite Beatle) tonight. ‘She’d been a fan ever since she saw him at the Sunderland Empire in 1963 (and later met him later with me – he was just lovely to her). Mam, I love you forever. Thank you for my fantastic life. I have no idea what I’m going to do without you, but I’m going to try to make it interesting and you will be in my heart, always XXX.’ Lauren received supportive messages from the likes of Clara Amfo, Sophie Ellis Bextor and Fearne Cotton. The presenter’s loss comes four years after the death of her father in 2018. Among the broadcasters hosting BBC’s Glastonbury coverage this weekend have so far included Jo Whiley, Cerys Matthews and Jack Saunders. Saturday’s Glastonbury saw a headline performance from Beatles legend Sir Paul McCartney, who was joined by special guests Dave Grohl and Bruce Springsteen. Billie Eilish headlined on Friday while Kendrick Lamar will close the music festival tonight. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The making of Line of Duty, as it marks 10 years on-screen: ‘It was really difficult for Martin Compston to take on that accent’ MORE : BBC explains why Paul McCartney’s Glastonbury headliner set was shown an hour later for livestream following fan fury 