‘No trans person has ever joined, so why do we need to do this?’, a member of my university LGB group argued in 2007. ‘Sexuality is different from gender,’ another member reasoned. While one said, ‘It’s just putting all the weirdos together’. I’m ashamed to admit that I agreed with all of this at the time. As a group, we were debating whether or not to include transgender people along with our university lesbian, gay and bisexual group. The argument against the change was loud, but I didn’t know any better. I’m so lucky I had time and space to learn. To change my mind. And I’ve been a committed activist since. I hope we all can be given that chance to grow. Too many LGBTQ+ people are raised to hate ourselves before we know ourselves – particularly in conservative homes. As a seven-year-old child, I recall watching some kind of daytime chat show where gay relationships were being furiously debated. A man stood up and bellowed: ‘It’s Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve’. The crowd cheered. I nodded along and said ‘yes’. I didn’t know then I was gay, that came later. I don’t think I had particularly enlightened views as a teenager either. My dad had overbearing rules about men and women, and what was acceptable and what wasn’t. Who did the cleaning, who earned money and who looked after children. I barely accepted myself as a gay man, never mind trans people. When I reached my teens, I was torn in conflict between being gay and my Muslim upbringing. Feeling wrong and ashamed. My dad made clear that the only thing worse than being gay was being trans. ‘You don’t think you’re a woman, do you?’ he once growled in horror. I escaped that household when I got to university, but barely. My dad had found out I was gay and had threatened to not let me go. I had only been allowed on the reassurances that it was ‘just a phase’. Finally being free under my own roof was so liberating. I had the chance to express myself. Friends who accepted me. I had more space to know who I was and be exposed to more of life. There’s a special kind of self-hate you internalise when you’re not raised to accept yourself – particularly when raised in a household with a conservative outlook. Disgust and denial are daily. Shedding those feelings is an active task. I’m grateful that when we had that debate over our LGB society the discussion was held over two meetings. I’m thankful for an older student who really clearly and patiently explained why it mattered. He said that one of the reasons why trans members weren’t coming was because of the barrier just ‘LGB’ created. He explained why LGBTQ+ people are all victims of gender stereotypes and how we have a common cause. My dad’s repeated demands that I be ‘a real man’ echoed in my head. It made me think about how difficult being a young trans person must have been. When the motion came to the next meeting, I spoke for it and I voted for it. It passed. And it has been a journey ever since. I didn’t understand they/them pronouns. I do now and I’m grateful for the conversations that helped. I didn’t know anything about intersex people, and had probably only come across the outdated slurs. I had never heard about asexuality either. I’ve since learned about the issues intersex and asexual people face, coming from a place of ignorance before. I share these stories because I want to make it clear that it’s OK to change your mind. It is natural to be unsure in the face of new information and experiences. Everyone can go through a journey of understanding. It’s easily forgotten how quickly our society has changed over the last few decades. We’ve gone from a tame gay kiss on EastEnders causing mass outrage over 20 years ago to TV like It’s a Sin and Queer Eye being celebrated. Closeted politicians to LGBTQ+ ministers serving in government. Marriage equality won. It’s been a journey. But it’s clear we still have some way to go on trans rights. The same tropes and the same suspicions are levied at trans people. The ‘Adam and Steve’ line might be hard to imagine today, but worse is said about trans people on TV, in newspaper columns and social media, every day. Worse, we have a Conservative Government that is deliberately fighting culture wars over the rights of trans people to distract from Partygate and to distract from the cost of living crisis. This was clearly shown at PMQs this month. Rather than answer a question about a windfall tax, Boris Johnson would rather talk about the definition of a woman. People’s misunderstanding is being exploited by political actors and dark corners of the internet. We have to reclaim a space for people to shed misinformation and build understanding. In the last few years, I’ve been truly horrified by the impact social media has had on how LGBTQ+ rights are talked about. As a Green Party councillor, I’ve seen esteemed colleagues go from having questions about trans rights to being radicalised in online spaces. And in the pandemic – sequestered away from each other – we’ve not had the chance to speak in person. It’s been so troubling to see people endorse unkind, untrue and alarming sentiments about trans people and their existence. Whether that’s portraying trans people as predators or the alarming trend of calling LGBTQ+ people groomers. The end result has been devastating to trans people. We are at a crisis point for many trans people’s mental health. Trans conversion therapy is effectively being given an OK by this government. There is an active effort by groups like LGB Alliance to undermine trans rights won by the 2010 Equality Act. I am heartbroken for the impact this is having on my trans friends and colleagues. There has to be a way to put some humanity back in the discourse. People need space to take their thoughts about trans people out of the abstract. I’m not sure I have all the answers. I just know from experience that safe, calm, in-person places can be the answer. There has to be an opportunity to draw away from the misinformation and hostility in our online spaces – away from some of the bad faith actors that are poisoning the climate. We need politicians to take a stand. I’m a Green Party councillor because I strongly support our inclusive policies – from backing the self declaration of gender to ending conversion therapy. I’m proud of the hard work of many Greens who’ve worked to make their councils and their regions more trans friendly. I’m lucky to have brilliant LGBTQ+ Green colleagues who are hardworking, courageous and principled. I’m hopeful – across all parties – that we can beat back transphobia. We all deserve a fair shout in life and that’s why I’m a campaigner. The biggest thing in my journey has been meeting people and learning from their experience. Taking time to sit and listen with an open mind. I’m so grateful to the inspirational and patient trans people I’ve had in my life. Years later, I went back to visit my university’s LGBTQ+ society. It was thriving. It had a diverse range of people of all genders and sexualities. It was a supportive, welcoming place. That can only be a good thing. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing James.Besanvalle@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Ricky Gervais can’t be a trans ally while he continually makes lazy ‘jokes’ at our expense MORE : I survived the Holocaust as a child – but it left me scared of coming out as gay MORE : Heartstopper’s Yasmin Finney calls out transphobia following ignorant remarks at restaurant 