The mother and stepfather of five-year-old Logan Mwangi, whose battered body was found dumped in a river, have been jailed for life for his murder. Logan, described in court as a ‘smiling, cheerful little boy’, was discovered in the River Ogmore in Pandy Park, Bridgend, South Wales, on the morning of July 31, 2021. Police found him partially submerged, wearing dinosaur pyjama bottoms and a Spider-Man top, just 250 metres from his home. Cardiff Crown Court heard the youngster had suffered 56 external cuts and bruises, and ‘catastrophic’ internal injuries, which were likened to a high-speed road accident. Experts said the injuries could have only been caused by a ‘brutal and sustained assault’ inflicted on Logan in the hours, or days, prior his death. They also said the injuries were ‘consistent with child abuse’. Logan’s stepdad, John Cole, 40, mum, Angharad Williamson, 31, and a 14-year-old boy, who cannot be named because of his age, were convicted of Logan’s murder. The judge, Mrs Justice Jefford, handed each of the adults a life sentence. Cole was jailed for at least 29 years, while Williamson was ordered to serve a minimum term of 28 years. The teenager was given a sentence of life detention with a minimum term of 15 years. Williamson and the youth were convicted of a further charge of perverting the course of justice – an offence Cole had admitted before trial. In the months and weeks leading up to his death, Logan had been ‘dehumanised’ by his family, prosecutors said. Logan’s stammer is said to have worsened, becoming particularly bad around Cole. He wet himself more frequently and began self-harming. Friends of the couple said Cole told them he did not like Logan, and others said his attitude changed after becoming obsessed with the idea that Williamson had cheated with Logan’s father Ben Mwangi. After Williamson gave birth to Cole’s own child, Cole was reluctant to let Logan see the baby and later claimed the boy had tried to smother the infant. Medics made a safeguarding referral to the police after Logan suffered a broken arm in August 2020. By March, due to concerns over Cole, Logan and his younger sibling had been assigned their own social worker. In June, a month before Logan died, the family were removed from the child protection register – meaning it was believed there was no longer a risk of significant harm. A foster family the youth stayed with claimed to have heard him say he wanted to kill Logan. A support worker also heard the youth singing: ‘I love kids, I f****** love kids, I love to punch kids in the head, it’s orgasmic.’ Weeks before he died, Logan suffered a broken collarbone but medical treatment was never sought for him. On July 20, Logan tested positive for Covid-19 and he was shut in his bedroom with a baby gate barring him from leaving. Caroline Rees QC, prosecuting, said: ‘He had been kept like a prisoner in his small bedroom in the flat you saw, a room likened by Williamson as a dungeon.’ Speaking to ITV ahead of the sentencing, Mr Mwangi said: ‘What child has to go through that sort of torture for such a long period of the time? No, it really doesn’t seem real. ‘One of the biggest questions in my whole entire life I’ll always be asking myself is, “Why? Why did this happen? Why did Logan have to die?”’ Mr Mwangi was not told his son was on the child protection register and wants the law changed so social services have a duty to inform estranged parents. He said: ‘I probably would have tried to take him away. Why didn’t they do anything to make it a safe environment for him when it clearly wasn’t? ‘If I can stop this from happening to anybody else, then that will be the biggest, positive, most positive thing. ‘My lasting memory of him was just a happy little boy that called me “Daddy”. ‘The wonderful memories I have with my son will never be tarnished. They will forever be in my heart and soul. ‘I loved him so much and somehow I have to live my life knowing that I will never get to see him grow up to be the wonderful man I know that he could be.’ A child practice review has been launched into Logan’s death and will be led by the Cwm Taf Morgannwg Safeguarding Board, which includes local councils and the police, probation service and NHS. An ITV documentary, The Murder Of Logan Mwangi, was produced in conjunction with South Wales Police. It starts at 9pm on Thursday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.