While Love Island fans witnessed the start of something special for most couples, one particular Islander was feeling the pressure. Tonight’s episode saw the couples at ease with each other following Friday’s recoupling, with Luca Bish already planning holiday trips with Gemma Owen and  Davide Sanclimenti and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu sharing a pretty x-rated smooch. In case you couldn’t tell, Luca was absolutely ‘buzzing’ to be paired with the international dressage rider, 19, however, his mood was quickly short-lived. Cue in Love Island’s bombshell, aka Gemma’s ex-boyfriend Jacques O’Neill. Paige Thorne and Afia Tonkmor woke up to a sweet morning text, revealing they will both have a breakfast date with Jacques and before she even saw his face, Gemma already suspected that the rugby player was her ex-boyfriend. ‘No no no no, that’s my ex-boyfriend,’ Gemma said. I swear down. S***’ While making it clear to the boys that he’s clear to ‘crack on,’  Paige told Amber Beckford that she would like to get to know Jacques. While Ekin-Su also nabbed a chat with the rugby player and asked whether he would be interested in getting to know her, to which he had no problem with. As for fishmonger Luca, it seems he’s a magnet for love triangles, after he briefly had his eye on Tasha Ghouri, (who is now coupled up with Andrew Le Page) him and Davide Saclimenti were also competing for Gemma’s affection and now he is up against Gemma’s ex Jacques. ‘Right now, my jumper smells of her perfume, does he [Jacques], no,’ Luca joked to Andrew Le Page. ‘You just have to sit back and watch what he does,’ Andrew replied. Will Luca catch a break? While Luca attempted to keep his cool, he asked how Gemma felt about the whole situation and she insisted that although it’s not ideal, she’s fine with it. ‘I’m not bothered about anyone getting to know him, it’s just the initial shock,’ she said. Meanwhile, Indiyah Polack teased that a kiss would be on the cards between her and Ikenna Ekwonna, after Saturday’s instalment of Unseen Bits proved there’s strong chemistry between the couple. In tonight’s icebreaker game, Ekin-Su challenged the group to a game of Never Have I Ever, and fans and fellow islanders were shocked at how much Davide and Ekin-Su have in common. After a much more promising hour, things are starting to actually take shape and it looks like sparks are flying between the couples. But this is Love Island, and you never know what drama lies ahead! Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Proud dad Michael Owen spends quality time with youngest daughter while Gemma Owen prepares to be reunited with ex on Love Island MORE : No, Love Island isn’t about to introduce another one of Gemma Owen’s exes 