Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz have kicked off married life in style as they enjoy a romantic honeymoon in St Tropez. The newlyweds got hitched with a lavish ceremony in April, with proud parents David and Victoria Beckham and a huge celebrity guest list watching on. Since then, Brooklyn, 23, and Nicola, 27, have enjoyed shopping trips, farmers markets, red carpet affairs and even a few pints in Wetherspoons (no, really.) The couple’s busy schedules meant their honeymoon has been pushed back, but as June comes to an end the husband and wife have finally jetted off on a romantic getaway. This week, the couple, who have both taken the surname Peltz-Beckham since their nuptials, arrived in St Tropez, where they were seen cuddling up as they explored the city. In photographs taken of the pair, Brooklyn can be seen with his arm around his new wife as he goes in for a kiss, Nicola holding on to his hand with their wedding rings on full display. The couple dressed for the balmy weather, with Brooklyn in an airy white shirt and khaki trousers, wearing dark sunglasses to protect his eyes. Nicola meanwhile looked stunning in a floral, flowing blue and green dress that trailed just below the knee, her hair wrapped in a black and white bandana and high sandals on her feet. Proving they were still – quite literally – in the honeymoon phase of their relationship, Brooklyn and Nicola packed on the PDA as they enjoyed a dinner in a local restaurant, sitting in the outside decking of the cosy venue. Despite the outside seating offering the perfect opportunity for people watching, it was clear the the duo had eyes only for each other. A cute photo shows the couple leaning in for a tender kiss, Brooklyn placing his hands lovingly on his wife’s face. Both Brooklyn and Nicola have been updating fans on their travels via social media, and on Thursday shared an utterly gorgeous moment with followers. As they sat in a restaurant with live music, the performer began to sing a cover of Elvis Presley’s Can’t Help Falling In Love – the couple’s wedding song. Taking to Instagram Stories, Brooklyn wrote: ‘We heard our wedding song on the first day of our honeymoon,’ along with heart emojis. He tagged Nicola in the post, adding: ‘I love you baby.’ The video sees an emotional Nicola beaming and placing her hand on her heart as the performer sings in the background. Nicola recently opened up on married life with Brooklyn in an interview with Tatler, where she described her husband as her ‘best friend.’ Reflecting on the ceremony, she recalled it as ‘the best day’, saying: ‘I just kept thinking, “I’m marrying my best friend”. And that’s all that matters.’ Brooklyn, meanwhile, has a memento from their special day, as he got their wedding vows tattooed on his skin. The ink reportedly reads: ‘Nicola when you walked down the aisle you took my breath away, you look so beautiful tonight and always. Let me start by saying that words cannot even describe my love for you just looking at you I see my future and it feels like a dream. ‘You are my world and I continue to fall more in love with you every single day. ‘Having you in my life is the best thing that has ever happened to me as you have made me become the man I am today.’ Brooklyn continues on to call himself the ‘luckiest man in the world’ and a pledge to ‘be the best partner.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brooklyn Beckham adds to huge tattoo collection with sweet tribute to Nicola Peltz’s grandmother MORE : Brooklyn Beckham treats wife Nicola Peltz to a kiss and bouquet of roses during loved-up visit to farmers’ market 