Production has stopped at the world’s biggest chocolate factory after salmonella bacteria were discovered. The plant supplies chocolate products to multinational customers including Hershey, Mondelez, Nestle and Unilever. It is run by Swiss giant Barry Callebaut in the Belgian town of Wieze, producing liquid chocolate in wholesale batches for 73 clients. A company spokesman said today that any customers who might have received contaminated chocolate would be contacted. Spokesman Korneel Warlop said: ‘All products manufactured since the test have been blocked. ‘Chocolate production in Wieze remains suspended until further notice.’ It comes just a few months after families in the UK were told to throw out any Kinder Eggs they had at home due to salmonella risk. In the UK, 70 children, mostly aged under five, fell ill with food poisoning. An investigation said samples matched the same salmonella strain infecting them to samples taken from a separate factory in Belgium last December. At the time, Dame Jenny Harries, chief executive of the UKHSA, warned that salmonella infection ‘can be severe and many children affected in this outbreak have been very unwell and hospitalised’. In today’s incident, the spokesperson for Barry Callebaut said that most of the products discovered to be contaminated are still on the site. The firm has contacted all its clients and asked them not to ship any products they have made with chocolate made since June 25 at the Wieze plant, which is in Flanders, northwest of Brussels. Belgium’s food safety agency AFSCA has been informed and a spokesman told AFP it had opened an investigation. The Wieze plant does not make chocolates to be sold directly to consumers, and the firm has no reason yet to believe that any contaminated goods made by clients have yet made it onto shop shelves. Swiss group Barry Callebaut is world number one in the sector, with annual sales amounted to 2.2 million tonnes during the 2020-2021 financial year. Over the past financial year, the group, which has a head office is in Zurich, generated a net profit of 384.5 million Swiss francs (£331 million) for 7.2 billion francs in turnover. The group employs more than 13,000 people, has more than 60 production sites worldwide. Belgian health authorities announced on June 17 that they had given the green light to restart the Ferrero factory in Arlons, where the previous Kinder contamination came from. This will be for a three-month test period. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.