A 50-year-old woman has given birth to her daughter’s daughter, after offering to be surrogate following years of fertility struggles. Chalise Smith welcomed her 25-year-old daughter Kaitlyn Munoz’s baby girl, Alayna Kait-Chalise Munoz, on May 17 after carrying her own grandchild to full-term. The mother-of-eight, from Utah, US, had embryos implanted via in vitro fertilisation, but the baby is Kaitlyn and her husband Miguel Munoz’s child. ‘It was on my mind daily. I thought about it. I prayed about it, just wondering and asking if this was a direction or path for me, and before I even told Kaitlyn and Miguel or my husband, I just kept these thoughts to myself,’ Chalise told Good Morning America. Kaitlyn, who lives in El Paso, Texas, has endometriosis, a condition where tissue similar to the lining of the womb starts to grow in other places, such as the ovaries and fallopian tubes. It made it difficult for Kaitlyn to concieve. So, in 2019, Kaitlyn and Miguel agreed to try a round of IVF that resulted in four embryos and Kaitlyn becoming pregnant with her son, Callahan. The baby boy arrived safely, but the pregnancy was complicated. Around 30 weeks into her pregnancy, Kaitlyn was diagnosed with Sjogren’s syndrome, an autoimmune disease that occurs when the immune system attacks the glands that make tears and saliva. Symptoms from the chronic disorder include dry eyes and mouth, fatigue, and joint paint. It can also cause damage to the lungs, kidneys, and nervous system. In January 2021, Kaitlyn was told the autoimmune disease had damaged her kidneys, and she wouldn’t be able to carry another pregnancy. ‘I was crushed. It’s always been my dream to have a big family. It’s been my dream to be a mother with lots of kids ever since I was a young girl,’ says Kaitlyn. Chalise was devastated, and after thinking long and hard about it, she offered to be her surrogate. Chalise was medically cleared to carry her ninth pregnancy at age 49. ‘It went really well,’ she told GMA. ‘With the IVF cycle, I had the shots for the first 10 weeks of the pregnancy. My husband became a great nurse administering those shots. We told our extended family 15 weeks after I passed some of those markers in that first trimester and from there on, it was great.’ The healthy baby girl – named Alayna Kait-Chalise after her mother and grandmother – arrived last month weighing 7 pounds, 13 ounces. ‘What an amazing experience the last 24 hours have been. I am at a loss of words. My mom is a living angel and brought us another blessing earth side and we are in LOVE,’ Kaitlyn wrote in an Instagram post sharing the news. ‘When my mom offered to be our surrogate it just felt so right. My mom did so amazing through out the pregnancy and we had an amazing delivery experience. Grateful for my mom and her selflessness in this journey.’ The mother-of-two told GMA that Alayna is ‘just the sweetest little thing,’ saying her two-year-old son, Callahan, ‘adores her and wants to hold her all the time.’ Kaitlyn and her husband are enjoying being a family of four at the moment, but she said they would be open to having more children down the line. ‘I’m grateful for my son and my daughter now and I’m glad that I have one of each, and maybe down the road, we’ll decide that we want to move forward with adoption,’ she said. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The animal print midi bag trend isn’t going anywhere – here are the best ones to buy now MORE : How to tackle your child’s sugar high (and avoid a crashing comedown) MORE : Four easy ways to make your house bring in some extra cash