If you’re lucky, every day will feel like National Sex Day. But on our official calendar, that special occasion falls today, on June 9. To celebrate the moment, we chatted with Annabelle Knight – sex and relationships guru and the body language expert for ITV’s Ready To Mindgle – about orgasms, solo pleasure, and how we can prioritise our sexual wellness. Here’s what she had to say. Explain the day, if you will… National Sex Day is putting pleasure at the forefront of the conversation. It takes all the sharp, pointy edges off sex – the things that feel awkward, such as the orgasm gap [the disparity between straight men and women in terms of, yes, orgasming] or performance anxiety – and provides a warm hug of satisfaction. The vibe is pleasure-centric coupled with information, education and entertainment. Talking about sex can still be taboo so when familiar faces with a lot of followers open up the conversation on social media, it feels acceptable, familiar and safe. That is when people learn how important things such as consent are. National Sex Day is about you and your sexuality – your relationship with yourself, pleasure and your own body. Empowering! What is sexual wellness? It’s about feeling happy, healthy and contented with your sex life – a blend of your physical and mental state, your social wellbeing and your connection with your sexuality. So what can make you feel sexually unwell? A lack of communication. When we talk about sex, what comes to a lot of people’s minds is sex that involves more than one person and also about gaining pleasure from that person. But sexual wellness and wellbeing is really about the relationship you have with yourself – it’s about being honest with yourself. So I’m not necessarily saying ‘the words you say to your partner’, I’m saying ‘the messages you internalise within yourself’. What happens if the messages are negative? You’re getting in your own way. Sex, orgasm and pleasure are really important to our emotional and physical wellbeing. Lots of studies show that regular orgasm, or regular sexual connection, promotes better immune response. You get fewer coughs and colds. An apple a day keeps the doctor away? Well, so does an orgasm. And that’s free. Are we going to get ill if we don’t have sex? No. Talking about ‘is not having sex bad for you?’ just brings in shame and feelings of ‘I don’t go to the gym, I don’t eat well and now I’m not having sex! Just another thing I’m bad at’. But sex is great for you and it’s helpful to redefine what sex is. You could think of it as being this big beach umbrella covering a giant expanse of beach – and every grain of sand is a different type of sexual encounter you can have. Sex is anything you want it to be. And if we redefine the word sex to mean ‘the giving and receiving of sexual, sensual pleasure’, it changes the conversation. Masturbation is sex. A heavy make-out session is sex. Mutual masturbation is sex. Even just reading erotic fiction is sex. Anything you derive sensual pleasure from, or have a sexual response to, is a form of sex. It is way more than intercourse. Let’s talk about solo pleasure… Solo pleasure is a 100% safe space – you can’t catch an STI or get pregnant, no one can judge you, you can’t have a bad experience and want the person to leave immediately… it is entirely about you. That can be masturbation manually but I’m a great believer in sex toys. If I’m making a cake, I’m not whisking it by hand, I’m using my KitchenAid. That’s what you have to take into the bedroom with you. Not literally. There are so many sex toys – absolutely something for everyone. And one of the great things about sex toys is the shopping for them. Shopping for lingerie, sex toys and lube helps build what is called ‘positive anticipation’ – the feeling of excitement for your sexuality and sensuality. That is brilliant for confidence boosting and making you feel sexually well. And what is the recipe for good partnered pleasure? Communication, exploration and experimentation is the triangle of pleasure for partnered experiences. I advocate being a trisexual – just trying things! Lube gets a bad rap… Yes! Lube shouldn’t be an accessory, it should be a necessity. A lot of people still believe lube is a ‘fix’ – to help with vaginal dryness, for example. If we think of it like that, we are telling ourselves we are broken in some way. That isn’t the case at all. Sometimes the mind is willing and the body is not. If you know you’ve got a bit of lube in your bedroom drawer, it takes away pressure to perform and you reduce the stress-induced hormones that get in your way, sexually. I see different stages of life as different sexual challenges to overcome. You can either be dragged down by them or realise finding solutions to any problems can be pleasurable in itself. Lube, sex toys, sex aids… they give the best chance of achieving the greatest pleasure. There is no age limit, no expiration date, on a good sex life. What’s your aim for National Sex Day? Great sex for everyone, full stop. That people are happy and contented in the sex they are having with themselves, their partner, their many partners… and not just on National Sex Day, every day! It would mean I’d be out of a job but it would also mean I’d done my job fantastically well. Annabelle is on Twitter @MissBelleKnight and Instagram @AnnabelleKnight and the Let’s Get Frank podcast. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to deal with nerves the first time you have same-sex sex MORE : These are the ten most common things people say right after sex MORE : Safe sex for lesbians – are dental dams all there is?