Josh Gad has announced that his beloved nephew has died at the age of 20. The Frozen actor alluded to a family emergency over the weekend before sharing the devastating news of Marco’s death. In a tweet the 41-year-old actor wrote: ‘Thank you all for your love. Our beloved nephew Marco passed away in his sleep at 20, his life cut far too short and our pain far too deep. Our family is trying to make sense of it all but your support has been incredible.’ A cause of death was not given. The announcement came hours after Gad said that while he didn’t typically ‘ask for a lot of love’, ‘our family could use it today.’ He also told his Twitter followers: ‘As my family and I deal with unimaginable loss today, I am also trying to balance it with the heartbreak of the events of today. Sometimes you need a shoulder to cry on, a hand to hold or a partner to fight alongside. To every woman in fear today, I will be all of the above.’ Gad was referring to the US Supreme Court’s controversial decision to overturn Roe v Wade ruling, which threatens womens’ abortion rights in 26 states across America. The actor added: ‘They want us to be apathetic. We can’t. They want us to crumble. We don’t. They want us to concede more rights and freedoms. We won’t. Grieve today. Fight tomorrow. I will be right there with you.’ His Twitter post included several photos of Marco as a young child and in adulthood, as well as pictures of him with other family members. Gad was inundated with messages of support from his followers, with one urging him to ‘stay strong bud. love to all of you.’ One fan wrote: ‘May his memory be a blessing, Josh.’ Passing on their condolences, another said: ‘I’m so sorry. Sending love to you and your family.’ Gad is best known for voicing the character Olaf in Frozen, playing Elder Arnold Cunningham in the Broadway musical The Book of Mormon, and for starring as Le Fou in the live-action adaptation of Disney’s Beauty and the Beast. Other film appearances include Love & Other Drugs, Agatha Christie’s Murder on the Orient Express, The Angry Birds and The Wedding Ringer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lost and Law & Order actress Mary Mara dies aged 61 with police investigating as possible drowning MORE : Olly Alexander, MNEK, Billy Porter and more to cover George Michael’s hits in celebration of Pride 