The devastation caused by a Russian missile strike on a Ukrainian shopping centre where at least 18 people were killed has been revealed by aerial photographs. Rescuers continue to search through the charred remains of the shopping centre in Kremenchuk, in central Ukraine following the attack on Monday. More than 60 people were wounded in the strike which Ukraine’s president has called ‘one of the most daring terrorist attacks in European history’. President Volodymyr Zelensky said many of the more than 1,000 shoppers and workers inside the mall had managed to escape. But the death toll is expected to rise as rescuers sift through the smoldering rubble at the site. Giant plumes of black smoke, dust and orange flames billowed from the wreckage as emergency crews combed through broken metal and concrete for victims. Drones whirred above, clouds of dark smoke still emanating from the ruins several hours after the fire was extinguished. ‘We are working to dismantle the construction so that it is possible to get machinery in there since the metal elements are very heavy and big, and disassembling them by hand is impossible,’ said Volodymyr Hychkan, an emergency services official. At Ukraine’s request, the UN Security Council scheduled an emergency meeting in New York on Tuesday to discuss the attack. In the first Russian government comment on the missile strike, the country’s first deputy permanent representative to the United Nations, Dmitry Polyansky, alleged multiple inconsistencies that he didn’t specify, claiming on Twitter that the incident was a provocation by Ukraine. Russia has repeatedly denied it targets civilian infrastructure, even though Russian attacks have hit other shopping malls, theatres, hospitals, schools and apartment buildings during the four-month war. Mr Zelenskyy said the mall presented ‘no threat to the Russian army’ and had ‘no strategic value.’ He accused Russia of sabotaging ‘people’s attempts to live a normal life, which make the occupiers so angry’. In his nightly address, he said it appeared Russian forces had intentionally targeted the shopping centre. ‘Today’s Russian strike at a shopping mall in Kremenchuk is one of the most daring terrorist attacks in European history,’ he said before adding that Russia ‘has become the largest terrorist organization in the world’. Russia has increasingly used long-range bombers in the war. Ukrainian officials said Russian Tu-22M3 long-range bombers flying over Russia’s western Kursk region fired the missiles, one of which hit the shopping centre and another that struck a sports arena in Kremenchuk. Monday’s strike echoes earlier Russian attacks that caused large numbers of civilian casualties. In March a theatre in Mariupol which was being used as civilian shelter was hit, killing an estimated 600 people while in April a train station in eastern Kramatorsk was targeted in a strike that killed at least 59 people. ‘Russia continues to take out its impotence on ordinary civilians. It is useless to hope for decency and humanity on its part,’ Mr Zelenskyy said. The UN has called the strile ‘deplorable’ stressing civilian infrastructure ‘should never ever be targeted’. Group of Seven leaders also condemned the attack in a statement late Monday saying ‘indiscriminate attacks on innocent civilians constitute a war crime. Russian President Putin and those responsible will be held to account’. The attack coincided with Russia’s assault on the last Ukrainian stronghold in eastern Ukraine’s Luhansk province. At least eight people were killed and more than 20 wounded in Lysychansk when Russian rockets hit an area where a crowd gathered to obtain water from a tank, Luhansk governor Serhiy Haidai said. The barrage was part of Russian forces’ intensified offensive aimed at capturing the eastern Donbas region from Ukraine. Over the weekend, the Russian military and its local separatist allies forced Ukrainian government troops out of Lysychansk’s neighbouring city, Sievierodonetsk. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.