Naomie Harris has spoken out on whether she’d reprise her role as Eve Moneypenny in the James Bond franchise… and it sounds like fans could have reason to be excited in future. In 2012, the actor made her debut as the character in Skyfall, during which she accidentally shot Bond (Daniel Craig), resulting in him being presumed dead. She returned in Spectre and the 2021 release No Time To Die, but now that Daniel is set to be replaced as 007, the question of whether the rest of the cast will also be replaced remains unanswered. While attending the UK launch of Paramount Plus in London on Monday to promote her new TV show The Man Who Fell to Earth, Metro.co.uk asked Naomie if she could be back as Moneypenny in future, a character previously played by actors including Lois Maxwell and Samantha Bond. While that’s down to the brains behind the franchise, Naomie is very keen to return as the former field agent-turned-secretary. ‘If they ask me absolutely! Love to. I love that role,’ she said when questioned on the possibility. As well as the Bond movies, Naomie has also appeared in films and TV shows including the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise, Venom: Let There Be Carnage and Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom as Winnie Mandela. She received her first Oscar nomination for the 2016 drama Moonlight, which received eight nominations and three wins, including for best picture. Naomie appears in The Man Who Fell to Earth alongside Chiwetel Ejiofor and Bill Nighy, the latter of who she starred opposite in Pirates of the Caribbean. The series is a sequel to the 1976 film of the same name, which starred David Bowie as extraterrestrial Thomas Jerome Newton, who is being played by Bill. Naomie was recently spotted at Cannes Film Festival, donning a regal white gown while attending the Celebration Of Women In Cinema Gala alongside the likes of Naomi Campbell, Alessandra Ambrosio and Suki Waterhouse. Last year, she addressed the speculation that Tom Hardy could be named as the next Bond, saying that while she thought he’d be ‘great’, he may be ‘too established’ to be a candidate. ‘He would make a great Bond, but interestingly they always choose someone who we don’t expect and someone who’s more up and coming. So, I feel like Tom might be too established,’ she said. ‘I think like all the names that are being bandied around actually I think it’s going to be someone so unexpected and their name isn’t even in the mix.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who will be the next James Bond? The next 007 contenders – ranked MORE : James Bond boss admits it will take a long time to replace ‘greatest actor on the planet’ Daniel Craig 