As a lifelong lover of horse racing, the Queen will be disappointed that she couldn’t make today’s Epsom Derby in person. Her Majesty had to pull out due to her mobility issues, having suffered some ‘discomfort’ at Thursday’s Trooping the Colour ceremony. It was the second Platinum Jubilee event she decided to miss out on, giving her more time to rest at her home of Windsor Castle. Instead, the Queen watched today’s horse racing on television and was sent a souvenir race card to follow the action. Among the royals at the sold-out racecourse was the 96-year-old monarch’s granddaughter Zara Tindall. When asked about what the Queen will be doing today, she said: ‘She’ll just be sat on the sofa watching the TV. She’ll be in her comfy clothes.’ Zara was joined by her husband, former rugby player Mike Tindall, and her mum Princess Anne, who is representing Her Majesty today. Anne’s husband Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence and brother Peter Phillips also attended the racing event. Peter was pictured with his girlfriend, who has been named in numerous reports as Lindsay Wallace. It is rare for the girlfriend of a member of the Royal Family to attend such a high-profile event. Anne, the Princess Royal, was pictured smiling and laughing as the family were given a warm welcome by the cheering crowd. The princess was later given a painting of Dunfermline, the Queen’s winner of The Oaks race in 1977, as a gift to the monarch. Peter, Zara and Mike could be seen on the balcony of the royal box during the second race of the day, though no celebrations took place after filly Bashkirova claimed victory. Jubilee celebrations took place in the Queen’s absence, with 40 jockeys who have ridden for the owner-breeder donning the royal racing silks and forming a guard of honour before the national anthem was sung. Five of the monarch’s former racehorses were also paraded, and a selection of hats inspired by the seven decades of her reign have been displayed. Zara said it was ‘amazing’ to see a procession of the Queen’s past and present jockeys arriving through a guard of honour. ‘It was so nice to see so many faces. It was funny seeing them trying to fit back into the colours again, all the retired ones,’ she said. ‘Obviously, we’d love her (The Queen) to be here. But it’s nice to be here. I’ve never been to Epsom before. It’s exciting. I need to go and explore.’ Mike added: ‘The Queen is such a wonderful woman and I have said this numerous times, but in terms of how you want a leader to be, she is that person and someone who sets an example. ‘It’s such a shame that she’s not here with us but I know she’ll be tuned in and watching from home.’ Frankie Dettori and Willie Carson, who has ridden some of the Queen’s most memorable winners, lined part of the course with the other jockeys. Describing for BBC News the pride he has felt while riding for the Queen in her racing colours, Dettori said: ‘Every time you see these (colours) on your peg you (have) this sense of importance and it’s a great honour. ‘Look she’s a big lover of horse racing, and like you say she’s only missed the Derby twice. ‘But I’m sure today she’ll find a TV and she’s going to watch it live because she loves the Derby so much. ‘She’s been breeding horses for over 60 years she knows all the blood lines and she’s won lots of races and she’s very knowledgeable.’ It comes after the Queen’s only runner Just Fine was removed from the World Pool Northern Dancer Handicap at the 48-hour declaration stage on Thursday. Her hopes of winning the Derby were dashed earlier in May when her horse Reach For The Moon, who was among the favourites, and two others were withdrawn. Thoroughbreds owned by the Queen have won four out of the five flat racing classics – the 1,000 Guineas and 2,000 Guineas, the Oaks and the St Leger, with only the Derby eluding her. Today’s races were disrupted by protesters from Animal Rebellion, with police having to drag away six protesters who ran onto the course. The group said it wanted to make a ‘definitive statement’ on the ‘cruelty and harm the horseracing industry represents’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.