One of Britain’s ‘most-wanted tax fugitives’ was finally in the dock today for her role in a multi-million pound VAT scam after spending nine years on the run. Sarah Panitzke, 48, was extradited back to the UK yesterday after fleeing for Spain in May 2013 while standing trial for money laundering offences. In her absence, she was convicted and sentenced to eight years in prison, as the National Crime Agency – Britain’s answer to the FBI – tried to track her down. Today she was brought to Kingston Crown Court, southwest London, to finally face the music. Panitzke, originally from York, was arrested by police on February 27 while walking her two dogs in the small town of Santa Barbara, near the Catalan coast. Spanish officers were working alongside the UK’s HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to bring her in. Panitzke launched an appeal against extradition proceedings, which failed, and she was returned to Britain yesterday. She and her 17 co-conspirators have been given sentences totalling 135 years for their large-scale VAT fraud. Panitzke’s eight year sentence starts today, and she will serve at least half behind bars before getting the chance to be released on licence. Following her arrest, Simon York, director of the Fraud Investigation Service, HMRC, said ‘Panitzke was one of Britain’s most-wanted tax fugitives.’ Today, he added: ‘Sarah Panitzke helped launder millions of pounds of stolen money and thought she could run from her crimes. ‘She spent nine years hiding – but we never stopped looking. We worked tirelessly alongside the Spanish authorities to track her down and ensure she was brought back to face justice.’ A confiscation order for £2,455,913 was made against Panitzke in her absence on March 22 2016. She was given three months to pay the full amount, or face an additional nine years in prison. No money has ever been paid towards the confiscation order, HMRC said. The total amount outstanding, including interest, continues to accrue at a rate of £538 a day and had reached £3,470,575 by May 2022. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.