With temperatures set to soar to heights of 34°C in parts of the UK, many will be struggling to stay cool in the sweltering heat. And, with forecasters suggesting there could be a string of heatwaves over the next few months, it seems those without air conditioning in their workplaces will be in for a hard time. Whether you work from home, an office, or elsewhere, there are often rumours of laws and employee rights surrounding the temperatures of the conditions you can legally work in. So, here’s everything you need to about your chances of swapping your desk for a beer garden. Legally, there are no employee rights or upper limit on working temperatures from the government, meaning that you are not guaranteed the day off in hot weather. The Workplace (Health, Safety and Welfare) Regulations of 1992 do not state a temperature, but say that temperature conditions must be ‘reasonable’. However, if several employees complain, your employer is legally obliged to carry out a risk assessment. If your employer does not do so, you can complain to an industry regulator. While the bad news is that you can’t check the weather app every five minutes in the hopes that it’ll be ‘too hot’ to work, companies do have a duty of care to their employees. This includes taking steps to ensure that the workplace is safe during a heatwave. While there isn’t a maximum temperature for the workplace as laid out by the government, the Trades Union Congress (TUC) stated that it believes a maximum temperature of 30°C should be set by employers, with a maximum of 27°C put into place for those doing strenuous work, before employees can go home. As many areas of the UK are expected to exceed 29°C, you may want to talk to your employer about making some arrangements to ensure that you are working safely – for example, getting permission to work from home to avoid hot and stuffy public transport. To protect yourselves in this heat, the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) has provided advice. The HSE suggests following this guidance to ensure you can keep cool in warmer weather: During a heatwave, the NHS advises: ‘Stay out of the sun. Keep your home as cool as possible – shading windows and shutting them during the day may help. Open them when it is cooler at night. ‘Keep drinking fluids. If there’s anybody you know, for example an older person living on their own, who might be at special risk, make sure they know what to do.’ MORE : UK weather: How long will the heatwave last and what is the forecast for the rest of the week? MORE : When is the next heatwave in the UK? Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below