A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman and five-year-old child – believed to be her son – were found stabbed to death in north London. The 37-year-old suspect was taken into custody following the incident at an address in Brookside South, Barnet, today. Scotland Yard said he is thought to be known to the victims. A local mother-of-two said the deaths had left her feeling scared. Mum-of-two Becky, 39, who did not give her last name, said of her neighbours: ‘Oh my God, it’s just shocking, it really is. ‘Yes, I knew the family, nice, quiet Chinese family, from China. I have cried so much, earlier in particular when I heard that a child was involved, that was devastating.’ Mother-of-two Rummana Chowdhury, 37, said: ‘I don’t know them, it’s definitely very sad, it’s shameful. ‘I can’t believe this, it’s unbelievable. It’s scary and sad as well because this morning everything was OK and suddenly this happened.’ Officers attended shortly after 1.30pm with London Ambulance Service paramedics and the London Air Ambulance. Chief Superintendent Sara Leach, policing commander for the North West, including Barnet, said: ‘The whole community will be shocked and saddened to hear of this terrible incident. ‘Our thoughts are with the family and friends of the woman and child who have died, and also with the officers and paramedics who were first to arrive at what was an incredibly challenging scene. ‘Specialist detectives are working to establish what took place and a man is in custody. ‘While they are keeping an open mind as to what has taken place, I would like to reassure residents in the local area that there is nothing to indicate, at this stage, that anyone else was involved in this incident. ‘I would urge anyone who saw or heard anything unusual earlier today, or in recent days, to come forward and speak to the police. Your information could be vital as the investigation moves forward.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.