A national strike next week is set to bring vast swathes of the rail network grinding to a halt altogether. RMT members across 13 companies covering much of the country have voted to take industrial action over a pay and conditions dispute. The trade union has called for last-ditch talks with the government but the walkouts look set to go ahead on June 21, 23 and 25. While workers are only striking on three days, the knock on impact is expected to be felt between June 20 and 26. The worst of the disruption will be on the three strike days but customers are being warned to expect more of the same on the days in between too. While a reduced timetable will continue to operate on parts of the network throughout the week, quieter stations and branches will be completely shuttered. Much of rural and suburban England, the entirety of the north of Scotland and the majority of Wales will be totally without rail travel for three days. Even where lines remain open, not all stations will be served and customers are being asked to check before traveling. You can find out how the train company in your area is impacted by scrolling down. Only around half of Britain’s rail network will be open on strike days but only running a small number of services between 7.30am until 6.30pm. The number of passenger services on those days is expected to be limited to around 4,500 compared with 20,000 normally. Other smaller strikes taking place at the same time look set to compound the disruption for commuters, including TFL workers on the tube. RMT and Unite members on the London Underground will strike on June 21 in a separate row over jobs and pay. Transport Salaried Staffs Association members at four companies – Avanti West Coast, CrossCountry, East Midlands and West Midlands Trains – are being balloted for strike action this month. Aslef members will also strike later in June at Hull Trains, Greater Anglia and Croydon Tramlink. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.