Stormzy got to enjoy the other side of Glastonbury this year after headlining the music festival three years ago. Celebrities from Kit Harington to Laura Whitmore and even royalty such as Princess Beatrice were spotted walking through the VIP section this weekend as the fun and frolics got underway at Worthy Farm, Somerset. But one A-lister was able to go almost unnoticed for the most part, with some festival-goers spotting Stormzy living his best life among them. The Vossi Bop rapper is one of the lucky artists who can say they’ve headlined the Pyramid Stage, with his history-making set – Stormzy became the first Black British solo artist to top the bill – taking place in June 2019. Well this time round, the musician was able to put his feet up and leave the headlining action to this year’s line-up of Sir Paul McCartney, Billie Eilish and Kendrick Lamar. Several Glasto-goers have shared footage and photos of Stormzy, real name Michael Owuo Jr, just casually hanging out in the crowds. It was pretty easy to spot the chart-topping rapper given his impressive height, and him wearing his trademark heart-shaped sunglasses which he’s previously worn at other festivals, including Coachella in April. In one video captured by an onlooker and shared on Twitter, Stormzy is seen dancing freely as Kendrick performed on Sunday night, while he’s also seen posing with a fan in another photo. One particularly sweet moment shows the rapper meeting Billie and having an animated conversation – as well as a warm hug – in which they no doubt bonded about their commonality of headlining Glastonbury. When he wasn’t being at one with the regular Glasto folk, Stormzy was spotted strolling through less congested areas with his friends while holding a drink. One festival-goer just happened to bump into Stormzy and noticed they had one pretty big thing in common – matching heart-shaped sunglasses. The Kent resident told the Bristol Post: ‘Stormzy came up and I didn’t know who he was! He said ‘can I sit down’ and I said ‘ooh you’re a big boy. ‘So I budged up and people started coming up and asking for photographs, and he said, “Oh no I’m with Jane”. ‘He said his name was Mick and I had no idea who he was. I said, “You must be famous” as people are coming up for autographs and photographs. ‘He said, “We’ve got the same glasses on, let’s have a photo”. His entourage gave him a funny camera and I still didn’t know who he was.’ ‘I turned around and someone said, “It’s Stormzy!”’ she recalled. After two years delay due to the pandemic, Worthy Farm hosted Billie as the festival’s youngest solo headliner, Sir Paul as the oldest, and performances from some of the biggest music names around the world – from Diana Ross to George Ezra, Megan Thee Stallion to Olivia Rodrigo, and even Ukraine’s Kalush Orchestra. Surprise appearances were even made by Lily Allen, Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl and Bruce Springsteen, delighting crowds. More than 200,000 fans descended to Somerset, with a whole host of famous faces amongst them. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kendrick Lamar closes Glastonbury in dramatic style, wearing diamond crown of thorns and making powerful plea for women’s rights covered in blood MORE : Lorde declares: ‘F**k the Supreme Court’ and alters song during Glastonbury set after Roe v Wade overturned 