Ukraine’s Lesia Tsurenko wore a blue and yellow ribbon as she took to Wimbledon’s Court 12 for her match against compatriot Anhelina Kalinina – with the All England Club relaxing its all-white rule for 2022. The pair are facing each other in the second round on Wednesday and hope they can use the moment to remind people of Russia’s ongoing invasion of their country, with Tsurenko saying that ‘we still have war and we need your help’. Normally players must exclusively wear white at Wimbledon, save for small logos on their outfits, but Tsurenko was allowed to pin a small blue and yellow ribbon to her top in a rare breaking of tradition. Wimbledon decided to ban Russian and Belarusian players from this year’s Championships – a call that led the ATP and WTA to strip the Grand Slam of its ranking points – with players such as word No.6 Aryna Sabalenka unable to play. Tsurenko has also called for Ukraine to be given ‘a lot of heavy weapons’ and revealed she spoke privately to Kalinina about how they could make a statement together after being quizzed on if they will wear blue and yellow ribbons. ‘For me, there is a big issue in my life: it’s war,’ said world No.101 Tsurenko, who defeated Great Britain’s Jodie Burrage in the first round on Monday. ‘I feel that I play better [at the moment], just because for me emotionally winning or losing doesn’t exist anymore. ‘I think with all the sportsmen that are able to take part in the competitions, also with all the singers that go to Poland, to Germany, and having all the concerts, that part when Ukrainians can just go and remind the whole world that we are here, we still have war and we need your help. ‘This is the main thing that I would wish to happen, that we get a lot of heavy weapons. ‘You know, it’s just that we should remind with the fact that we are here and we are playing for my country, for Ukraine. We just want to remind that Ukraine is in trouble and we need help. ‘For me, the toughest part now is that a lot of people that I know that they are on the front line now. ‘One guy has been taken by Russians, so we don’t know what is going on with him. We know that he’s alive. Two more guys are fighting there at the moment, and a few people are dead already because of the war.’ Iga Swiatek of Poland, the current world No 1, showed her support for Ukraine on Tuesday by wearing a blue and yellow ribbon on her cap during her 6-0 6-3 victory over Jana Fett on Centre Court. Traditionally, Wimbledon has a strict dress code which states that players must wear ‘almost entirely white’ outfits which ‘does not include off-white or cream’ but  the rule has been relaxed as the war in Ukraine continues. ‘I understand it’s hard to focus, but for me it matters if I win or if I lose,’ said Kalinina, who is seeded 29th in the women’s singles draw this year. ‘Because the more I win, of course I’ve got money. I’m not only helping my family, I’m helping other families and other people, and it’s not a pressure, it’s a privilege to play here. ‘It’s a privilege to play every tournament, and to get the quality of the game means better events. You go further. You earn more money. Then I’m able to help, and I’m helping as much as I can and not only to my family. So for me that matters. ‘I’m helping a lot to my family. I’m helping a lot to my grandmother and grandfather who is in occupied territory now. They can’t leave. So next door is like Russian soldiers with all their military stuff. ‘I’m not a superstar so I’m helping with what I can. And it’s a lot to them, and for me that’s huge motivation to play. Huge.’ Kalinina, speaking about what the war has done to her family, added: ‘First of all, their house was attacked. There are huge holes in the house, like huge holes. There are no apartments anymore. ‘So now this home is getting rebuilt, so they can’t live there. So they live in my apartment where I’m living with my husband. It’s a very small apartment for my family, because, like, my mum, my dad, my brother, and they have pets. ‘So they are so happy and we are grateful that they can move, you know, that they have a place to move from Irpin city because Irpin is fully bombed.’ MORE : Inside the devastated remains of a Ukraine shopping centre after Russian missile strike MORE : Serena Williams refuses to confirm she'll play at Wimbledon again after shock defeat For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 