Neil Patrick Harris is already in full swing filming for his Doctor Who role in Bristol as the Doctor’s ‘greatest enemy ever’, alongside David Tennant. In the new snaps, Neil can be seen prancing about in full character sporting slicked-back hair and a cane in one hand. He looks smart in a white shirt and waistcoat, along with black suit trousers and leather shoes. It’s been reported that a collection of curious props have appeared in Bristol ahead of the reported filming. Chez Marcel, a creperie in the city centre, has been transformed into a toy shop called Mr Emporium. A peek into its window revealed wooden toys, board games and a cuddly bear… Nearby, David’s Doctor is clearly caught in the middle of explosive scenes already, with various pics showing blazing flames burning in the Doctor’s direction. David looks fab in his character’s traditionally smart-casual attire, as he dons a long navy blue coat over a striped suit and white shirt and tie. Of course, the look is finished off with Converse trainers, which already look as though they’ve been put through their paces. Elsewhere, the Doctor seems to be warning a mystery man in who’s directly in front of a car. He seems to be in deep thought in most shots, clearly looking for help in the middle of a crisis – but what’s wrong? Other shots show a protestor holding up signs reading: ‘The end is nigh… the end of time,’ in what seems like a very ominous moment. in front of the mystery character, a police officer tries to stop a suited-up man as she raises her leg up towards him. Russell T Davies, who is reprising his role as showrunner, said of Neil’s casting: ‘It’s my huge honour to open our studio doors for the mighty Neil Patrick Harris… but who, why, what is he playing? ‘You’ll just have to wait. But I promise you, the stuff we’re shooting now is off the scale. Doctor beware!’ Elsewhere on Instagram, Russell teased that Neil will take on the role of ‘the greatest enemy the Doctor has ever faced’. ‘Such a great actor, such a great man, it’s an honour and a hoot,’ he added. ‘Have fun!’ Fans of the pair will know this isn’t the writer and actor’s first rodeo as Neil played Savile Row tailor Henry Coltrane in the showrunner’s award-winning Channel 4 drama It’s A Sin, which was created by Russell. It comes after it was confirmed that Heartstopper star Yasmin Finney has joined the cast as a character named Rose. The actress, who stole (and stopped) hearts as Elle Argent in the Netflix romance, is filming scenes that are due to air next year to coincide. ‘If anyone would have told eight-year-old Yasmin that one day she’d be part of this iconic show, I would have never in a million years believed them,’ she said. it was confirmed that Ncuti Gatwa would become the 14th Doctor after Jodie Whittaker announced in July 2021 that she will be leaving Doctor Who. Before Ncuti’s reign starts, however, fans will get a 90-minute special to see out Jodie’s time as the Time Lord, which comes to screens in October. Doctor Who returns to BBC One later this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : New Doctor Who villain is a cute, fluffy white rabbit who will battle returning Time Lord David Tennant MORE : Sherwood star David Morrissey teases big twists to come in BBC drama: ‘Nothing is clear-cut’ 