Will Young has opened up on homophobia in the music industry and how he was told he would have to kiss George Michael on stage if he wanted to perform at an awards show. The singer, 43, came out as gay shortly after winning Pop Idol in 2002 but revealed at Metro’s Pride party, celebrating 50 years of Pride, that things were very different in the music industry towards LGBT people at the time. During a Q&A on stage at The Box Soho hosted by DJ, presenter and comedian James Barr, Will revealed that he was told by a record company executive that he would need to have a ‘Madonna and Britney moment’ and kiss George Michael if he was to perform at the Brits. He explained: ‘They tried to get me to perform at the Brits. They were like, “We can go only get you on The Brits if you perform with George Michael and you kiss at the end.” ‘I was like – this an exclusive – the only way I could get on The Brits is if we [George and I] did a duet, and then did a Madonna / Britney thingy.’ Will revealed: ‘But I said no. It’s a sign of what it was like then.’ Will also opened up on homophobia within the industry, adding: ‘I’m probably in quite a privileged position. I noticed that when people realised they could start making money out of it, then it was like, make him gay, make him gay. ‘It changed quite quickly. There were certain artists, they were like, “we need songs like that,” so that’s interesting. ‘I remember a head of a record company saying I sounded too gay on a track, and sent it back. Then this guy called Steve Lipson, whose a brilliant producer, he just didn’t change it and sent it back.’ Will was among the guests at Metro’s Pride party, where Metro.co.uk’s Executive Editor Richard Hartley-Parkinson spoke of the ongoing importance of Pride, 50 years on. He told the audience: ‘Many people say we’re safe in this, the greatest city in the world. However, and I’m sorry to burst that London bubble, that’s not my lived experience. ‘I still struggle to hold my husband’s hand because of abuse we’ve suffered, including an incident just 10 years ago in central London on the night of Pride where my then-boyfriend and I feared for our lives because of the intimidation and harassment we were experiencing. ‘That intimidation is not just something that LGBTQ people experience on the streets. According to the Albert Kennedy Trust, half of young people in the UK fear being evicted for revealing their sexuality and far too many feel threatened by relatives before becoming homeless. That’s why we’re supporting the Albert Kennedy Trust.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Heartstopper stars Kit Connor, Joe Locke, Yasmin Finney, and William Gao join Celebrity Gogglebox for Pride special MORE : Gok Wan reveals ‘part of his heart will be empty’ ahead of Pride 50th anniversary celebrations as social injustices ‘still happen’  