Amber Heard has claimed Johnny Depp lied on the stand about not hitting her in her first interview after she lost the defamation case. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor won the case against his ex-wife and has always denied allegations of violence against her, including in his testimony during the trial. During her interview on the TODAY Show with Savannah Guthrie (via NBC News), Heard was asked: ‘He said he never hit you. Is that a lie?’, to which she responded: ‘Yes it is.’ Asked about the witnesses who said they saw her instigate physical violence during the relationship, she added: ‘I have seen how people will file rank and support a person they depend on.’ She added: ‘To my dying day, I will stand by every word in my testimony.’ Heard also addressed her own behaviour during the marriage, saying: ‘I did do and say horrible, regrettable things throughout my relationship. I behaved in horrible, almost unrecognisable to myself ways. So much regret. ‘I have freely, openly and voluntarily talked about what I did. I talked about the horrible language, I talked about being pushed to the extent where I didn’t even know the difference between right and wrong. ‘I will always continue to feel like I was a part of this, like I was the other half of this relationship – because I was. And it was ugly and could be very beautiful. ‘It was very, very toxic. We were awful to each other. I made a lot of mistakes, a lot of mistakes. I have always told the truth.’ Heard also spoke about the support for Depp in person and on social media, saying that she felt ‘less than human’ during the trial. She recalled: ‘Every single day I passed – sometimes for three, four, sometimes six blocks, city blocks lined with people holding signs saying, “Burn the witch,” “Death to Amber.” ‘After three and a half weeks, I took the stand and sobbed as a courtroom packed full of Captain Jack Sparrow fans, who were vocal, energised.’ ‘This was the most humiliating and horrible thing I’ve ever been through,’ she added. ‘I have never felt more removed from my own humanity. I felt less than human’. When told that many people don’t have sympathy for either one of them, Heard responded: ‘I would not blame the average person for looking at this and how this has been covered and not thinking that this is Hollywood brats at their worst. ‘But what people don’t understand is that it is actually so much bigger than that. This is not only about our first amendment right to speak.’ Depp’s lawyers claimed during their closing arguments that Heard was ‘acting’ and gave the ‘performance of a lifetime’ during her testimony. She responded by referring to Depp’s role in Edward Scissorhands and saying: ‘Says the lawyer for the man who convinced the world he had scissors for fingers? I’m the performer? ‘I had listened to weeks of testimony insinuating that, or saying quite directly that I’m a terrible actress. So I’m a bit confused how I could be both.’ Asked about the day of the verdict and if she had been feeling confident, Heard said: ‘That’s a great question, I wish I could say yes to that. I want to say yes to you but it wouldn’t be true.’ She added: ‘Even if you think that I’m lying you still couldn’t tell me, look me in the eye and tell me that you think on social media there’s been a fair representation.’ A spokesperson for Heard added in a statement about the interview: ‘Johnny Depp’s legal team blanketed the media for days after the verdict with numerous statements and interviews on television, and Depp himself did the same on social media. ‘Ms. Heard simply intended to respond to what they aggressively did last week; she did so by expressing her thoughts and feelings, much of which she was not allowed to do on the witness stand.’ The Pirates of the Caribbean actor was awarded a total of $15million (£12m) in compensatory and punitive damages after a jury found Heard did defame him in a 2018 article she wrote about her domestic abuse experience. Depp, 58, initially filed the lawsuit suing his ex-wife for $50m (£40m), but Heard then counter-sued for $100m (£80m). With the verdict in his favour, the jury agreed to award the actor $10m (£7m) in compensatory damages and a further $5m (£3.9m) in punitive damages. However, the punitive damages were capped at $350,000 (£279k) per Virginia state law. Heard herself was also awarded $2m (£1.6m) in compensatory damages, therefore reducing Depp’s total to $8.35m (£6.7m). Wednesday, June 15 on NBC’s TODAY and Friday, June 17 on Dateline NBC 8 p.m. / 7 p.m. CT. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC hit with complaints over coverage of Johnny Depp and Amber Heard trial MORE : Johnny Depp celebrated Amber Heard trial verdict with FaceTime from Robert Downey Jr 