Wimbledon always draws a healthy celebrity following and this year was no exception as the stars were out in force to catch all the action on Centre Court. Among the attendees were Mike and Zara Tindall who kept it casual as she wore a white linen dress paired with black wedges, a black handbag and tortoiseshell sunglasses while Mike went for a cream suit jacket with dark trousers. The Queen’s granddaughter and her former England rugby star husband appeared to be in high spirits as they spent their afternoon in the Royal Box on Centre Court. The pair are the first senior royals to attend the event with the Royal family and the Duchess of Cambridge expected to attend in the coming days. Adventurer Bear Grylls was also in attendance with his wife Shara, who opted for a cream patterned dress and black strappy heels, while Bear rocked a smart dark suit. Sir Cliff Richard was also seen wavily happily at the waiting photographers as he arrived to the venue, wearing navy blue suit and matching tie, with a red rose in his pinhole. Singer Tom Grennan appeared to have had a late night the night before heading to Wimbledon as he was seen yawning while sat next to a female companion. He was also seen posing at Evian’s photo area alongside other stars including AJ Tracey, Mimi Webb, Hana Cross, Michael Dappah and Joe Sugg. Former Love Island star Ovie Soko was also seen in Evian’s VIP suite where he posed with an enormous oversized tennis racquet while wearing double denim and brown loafers. Wimbledon 2022 is set to run until Sunday, July 10 with Serena Williams, Rafael Nadal and Iga Swiatek battling it out on day two. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Phillip Schofield full of laughter with wife Stephanie as estranged couple attend Wimbledon together two years after split MORE : Andy Murray vows to savour Centre Court moments at Wimbledon after coming from behind to beat James Duckworth 