Love Island launched last night and already that villa has been packed with twists, turns and Michael Owen’s daughter being ‘rude’ to Luca Bish. Or was she? Gemma, 19, is unsurprisingly the hot topic outside of the brand new villa, but her fellow islanders still don’t know about her famous dad. Last night, she came under fire after mocking Lucas, 23, surname, calling it ‘unfortunate’. ‘Wtf who insults someone’s surname??? Mannerless….’ said one critic, while former islander Shaughna Phillips added: ‘So I thought Gemma was quite rude about Luca’s surname, but apparently that means she fancies him?’ Well, Shaughna, you might be right because Metro.co.uk’s body language expert and host of our weekly YouTube series Love or Lie Island, Judi James, thinks Gemma actually had a plan and it worked. She told us: ‘While the others try out mating techniques that range from gross chat-up lines to subtle preening to exaggeratedly sexual crotch displays, Gemma seems to prefer a style of rudeness and put-downs to attract her men. ‘Liam was too much of an easy target, retiring wounded to the balcony where he sucked on his water bottle like a baby, using it to cover his face in a barrier ritual after not only hearing Gemma use the ‘stupid’ word in her chat with him but then also seeing her plant one on the lips of the simmering sexual magnet that is latecomer Davide. ‘With Liam though, Gemma had more of a challenge and the way she used her rudeness as a form of attention-grabbing suggested there might be some attraction between herself and a guy who could just be up to some banter-battles. ‘Liam’s cockiness means he is asking to be taken down a peg or two. Gemma’s voiced dislike of his surname sounded like a blow to not just his pride but to his entire family’s. But if Gemma was looking to register interest with the ‘Bish who sells fish’ she might have achieved her goal. ‘She locked eye contact with him after her comment, meaning in a group scenario they got to enjoy a moment of shared intimacy. Luca had been sitting back like the sprawled alpha of the group they were in but when Gemma made her comment she got his undivided attention. ‘He asked her if she didn’t like Bish and his part-smile did register some sort of approval for her feistiness. She hair-preened but they shared a smile. ‘This did look very much like round one in the skirmish that could be a mating dance. ‘The comment sounded rude but if she was after Liam’s attention and some flirt interest it worked. He got to use the line ‘Bish who sells fish’ and he made her laugh. Watch this space.’ Well, fans also think Gemma has eyes for new bombshell Davide Sanclimenti, 27, after the kissed during a game of dares in the very first episode. However, with their eight year age gap gave many critics got the ick. ‘If Davide and Gemma couple up I’m writing to Ofcom,’ tweeted one viewer, and they weren’t alone. As for Gemma’s dad Michael, he escaped to Germany despite his daughter’s Love Island debut so who knows what he’ll make of it all. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Love or Lie Island returns to Metro.co.uk Thursdays. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 