Harry Styles made a fan’s dream come true during Pride Month after helping them come out as gay during his latest tour show. The Watermelon Sugar singer brought his Love On Tour jaunt to Wembley Stadium on Sunday after performing his first London gig the previous night. Despite having around 90,000 fans in the audience, Harry, 28, was able to fulfil the dreams of one who sent him a sign explaining that they were ready to reveal their sexuality. The fan, Matteo from Italy, wrote on a piece of cardboard: ‘From Ono to Wembley: Help me come out.’ Harry was more than happy to do the honours and grabbed a Pride flag from the bottom of the stage, before explaining that the moment he raises it above his head is when Matteo would be ‘officially gay my boy’. After toying with the audience a few times and pretending to almost raise the flag, Harry finally did it and announced: ‘Congratulations Matteo you are a free man.’ At one point, Harry seemed completely overwhelmed with the part he played in helping his fan and stood there with his eyes closed and head thrown back, momentarily soaking in the warm reception. Reacting to the singer’s kind gesture, one fan said: ‘Harry styles helping a fan to come out will always be the most precious thing ever.’ Another added: ‘It’s @Harry_Styles helping his fans come out for me!!’ It’s not the first time Harry has helped a fan come out on tour as he did the same late last year at one of his US shows. Following his first night at Wembley, Harry shared an emotional tweet about the performance, writing: ‘Wembley, last night was one of my favourite shows we’ve ever played. I don’t know where to begin thanking you, I’m completely overwhelmed. ‘I’m so grateful, I’m so happy. Thank you, thank you. I love you all. See you later. H.’ The Golden hitmaker had a familiar face in the audience during Sunday’s performance, with fans capturing Harry’s former One Direction bandmate Niall Horan watching from the crowd. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu tries to lead Dami Hope away from Amber Beckford after spotting Indiyah Polack chemistry: ‘Go to the terrace’ MORE : Gritty thriller Suspect is another hit for James Nesbitt: ‘It’s not exactly light relief’  