My eldest nephew finishes his GCSE exams this week and it’s got me thinking about what I remember from my  own schooldays. One RE lesson where we played a trading game with slips of paper that looked like trainer soles particularly sticks in my mind. I don’t recall the details, but the rules kept changing so some people couldn’t possibly win. It was the mid-1990s, not long after the Fairtrade scheme launched, and the deliberately rigged game was designed to make us reflect on why buying goods that provided a decent wage to producers was important. I later badgered my mum to buy a jar of Fairtrade coffee, which she kindly did. It tasted awful but that game affected me so much that I stuck with it. Fortunately, times have changed. Shopping ethically today no longer means having to compromise on taste, style or effectiveness, as these Fairtrade products demonstrate… Aldi is the first supermarket to create an own-brand chocolate bar in partnership with The Open Chain, an initiative from the pioneering Tony’s Chocolonely that supports brands in creating sustainable supply chains. Choose a Fairtrade favourite from three varieties of Choceur Choco Changer. Buy it for £1.99 at Aldi stores. According to the Dr Bronner brand, its 18-in-1 Pure Castile Soaps are suitable for cleaning everything from faces to food and floors. It’s a great multi-purpose product for the kitchen and its raw materials come from certified Fairtrade and organic projects. Buy from £2.49 from Dr Bronner. Browse Boho Homes for homewares, décor and furnishing such as these cushion covers made from recycled plastic bottles. Every purchase supports this small social enterprise and certified member of the British Association For Fairtrade Suppliers to work with artisans from around the world. Buy for £20 from Boho Homes. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the best books to read about the environment and climate change MORE : Climate change is causing ‘heat stress’ and flooding in Glasgow