Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have joined in the festivities of the Platinum Jubilee during their return to the UK, appearing at Trooping the Colour and attending the service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral. While the couple were greeted by huge cheers from the crowds as they made their first public appearance with the royal family since stepping down as senior members of The Firm, one of Meghan’s most vocal critics, Piers Morgan, couldn’t help but make a predictable dig at the Duchess of Sussex. One of the biggest talking points from Trooping the Colour was Prince Louis’ incredible facial expressions on the Buckingham Palace balcony, as the four-year-old saluted members of the public below and covered his ears as the Red Arrows soared past. In a move that will surprise next to no one, Piers took the chatter over Prince Louis as an opportunity to shade Meghan. The TalkTV presenter shared pictures on Twitter of the youngest Cambridge child on the Palace balcony, captioning them: ‘Is this when Aunty Meghan arrived?’ alongside a couple of cry-laughing emojis. Considering Piers longtime disdain for the Sussexes – having quit Good Morning Britain after making disparaging remarks about comments the duchess made about her mental health – several people criticised his apparent continued fixation with her. ‘Five years later and you’re still obsessed,’ one person tweeted, as another wrote: ‘No. Don’t project your obsession.’ ‘Dude, are you okay??’ someone else remarked, as another stated that Meghan appears to remain in his mind ‘rent free’. Ironically, Piers urged people to ‘forget Meghan’ during the Jubilee celebrations in his column for The Sun… despite not following his own suggestion. In April, Piers launched his new show on TalkTV, titled Piers Morgan Uncensored, following his exit from GMB in March 2021. In his first introduction, the broadcaster made even more scornful statements about Meghan and Harry, describing the duchess as ‘Princess Pinocchio’. He also lashed out at ‘hypocrite celebrities’, before quipping: ‘I think you know the type, right, your royal highness?’ as a photo of Prince Harry appeared on screen. At the time, several people watching the programme remarked on how it only took a matter of minutes back on TV before Piers was bringing Meghan up on his own accord. ‘Took Piers Morgan only 5 minutes before mentioning Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on his new show,’ one person tweeted, as another wrote: ‘He’s obsessed.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan claims Trooping the Colour was ‘frosty’ behind the scenes after Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s UK return MORE : Piers Morgan dubs Amber Heard’s loss ‘a complete disaster and failure’ for actress as other celebrities weigh in on Johnny Depp’s victory 