Looking for something to keep the kids entertained and learning over the summer break? The Wizards and Wonders at Roots of Fantastical Matters subscription-style box could be just the thing. Designed by teachers for kids aged between six and 12, the boxes encourage reading, creativity and cross-curricular learning. Kids will get to learn how to care for a phoenix, take a broomstick riding theory test, and try time travel. Even reluctant readers can be encouraged to discover the science behind enchanted lava, calculate the sizes of mythical creatures, engineer some dragon claw extenders, and much more. These activities combine storytelling with interactive STREAM activities – science, technology, research, engineering, art and mathematics – hidden between the lines to inspire children to experiment, decipher, research, build, create and calculate ‘factual matters’ in the real world. And for anyone worried about the environmental impact, the activities are made from easy-to-find, simple or recycled materials found at home, and the paper is recycled too. Available in one, six or 12-month bundles, all the boxes will be delivered in one go to reduce the environmental impact. The first instalment includes a large branded eco-friendly Keepsake Box with a magnetic seal and an A4 Parents’ Guide. Every delivery includes a C4 personalised envelope containing: The single box option, which does not come with a keepsake box, costs £15, six boxes cost £78 and the full set of 12 boxes costs £120. Order your first box here. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : 11 summer fashion buys that look more expensive than they are MORE : Shop at M&S this week and get a beauty bundle worth £160 for just £25 MORE : Lovehoney is doing at least 20% off everything in their big Jubilee sale – here’s our pick of what to buy