Simon Callow has disagreed with Tom Hanks’ view that he could not – and ‘rightly so’ – as a straight man play his 1993 role as a gay man in the movie Philadelphia today. The Four Weddings and a Funeral star called it a ‘dangerous idea’ that only gay actor should take on gay roles. Hollywood star Hanks, who won an Oscar for his portrayal of lawyer Andrew Beckett, who conceals his sexuality and HIV-positive status from colleagues before suing his employers for firing him, previously said that he felt the world was ‘beyond that now’ and ‘wouldn’t accept the inauthenticity of a straight guy playing a gay guy’. Appearing on GB News on Tuesday, Callow – who identifies as gay – commented: ‘Think of all the wonderful performances of people who are not gay have given: John Hurt, Daniel Day Lewis, Jake Gyllenhaal and Heath Ledger in Brokeback Mountain. ‘I mean, these are all as far as I know, heterosexual actors who’ve given utterly convincing credible and illuminating performances.’ The actor said that people must remember the ‘general principle of acting rather than being’, using his famous role as Gareth in Richard Curtis’ hit 1994 comedy as an example of a gay role that was ‘only a tiny part of me’. He added: ‘Though I’m gay, it doesn’t qualify me to play all the many different kinds of gay people that there are. It’s a very simple idea and a dangerous idea that you can only play someone who you actually are. ‘So although I think Tom Hanks’ heart is clearly in the right place, I think it’s a terribly important thing that we stress, but actors are about imagination, about creating characters.’ The 73-year-old also doubled down on his view that acting isn’t ‘autobiographical’, saying it ‘mustn’t be, and it shouldn’t be’. He went against the argument that it was ‘terribly enlightened’ too to ‘say only people who are something should act them’. ‘It’s a limiting thing. It kills the imagination, it kills the liberation that you feel as an actor when you play somebody else. ‘So, I think Tom Hanks is a very kind and gentle and thoughtful man who was trying to ally himself with a sympathetic idea, but it’s a dangerous one, in my view,’ he argued. Mild-mannered Saving Private Ryan star Hanks, who recently told fans to ‘back the f**k off’ after crashing into his wife, had previously told The New York Times: ‘Let’s address ‘could a straight man do what I did in Philadelphia now?’ No, and rightly so. ‘The whole point of Philadelphia was don’t be afraid. One of the reasons people weren’t afraid on that movie is that I was playing a gay man.’ He added: ‘It’s not a crime, it’s not boohoo, that someone would say we are going to demand more of a movie in the modern realm of authenticity.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dani Hampson’s heartbroken family share devastated tributes as she dies on day she was to marry X Factor star Tom Mann MORE : Dear Frankie Grande: What is the best way to come out to my dad? 