Jennifer Lopez made ‘diva demands’ ahead of her appearance on Top of the Pops in the late ’90, or so Dannii Minogue claims. It is not clear whether what she was told is true – and JLo’s reps have not responded to the claims – but according to the Aussie popstar, she ‘refused to perform’ unless her dressing room was completely redecorated. Speaking in her podcast The 90s with Dannii Minogue, Dannii alleged the Jenny From The Block singer instructed bosses that ‘everything had to be white’ otherwise she wouldn’t go ahead with her performance. ‘And while you hear those diva stories, there is one I can actually vouch for,’ Dannii told listeners. ‘I was at Top of the Pops and was told Jennifer Lopez was on her way, but she refused to perform unless her backstage room was redecorated.’ ‘I was told everything had to be white, including the sofa,’ she continued. ‘I asked to go in and see the room as she wasn’t there in that moment… I was lapping up every detail.’ Dannii admitted she was baffled by the colour choice though, especially considering Jennifer would be covered in beauty products. ‘All I could think was, “Girlfriend is covered head to toe in body makeup. How do you sit on a white couch?”,’ she added. Love Don’t Cost a Thing hitmaker Jennifer recently marked the release of her new Netflix documentary Halftime, a film that follows her career with a heavy focus on her performance at the Super Bowl LIV halftime show and her film Hustlers. During the documentary, she revealed she almost quit music when scrutiny over her figure became too much to bear. ‘There were many times where I was just like, “I think I’m just going to quit,”‘ she admitted. ‘I had to really figure out who I was. And believe in that and not believe in anything else.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted J-Lo’s rep for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 