We’re always trying to keep you up to date about the most exciting things going on in the world of travel, and this week we have some pretty cool announcements to share. Loving the new Jurassic Park movie? You can now experience the prehistoric thrills  for yourself with two exhilarating new rollercoasters at Universal Orlando and Universal Studios. Stressed about the mile-long airport queues you’ve been hearing about? A new app could be the answer to all your holiday woes. No gift for Father’s Day yet? There’s still time to book him in for a last-minute spa break. Read on for all the details plus more exciting deals. Jurassic World Dominion’s release might spur you to seek dino-sized thrills. At Universal Orlando, the Jurassic World VelociCoaster catapults riders 155ft into the air at speeds of up to 70mph (tickets from £87). At Universal Studios Hollywood, enjoy Jurassic World: The Ride, with the realistic Indominus Rex, who stakes her claim at the ride’s finale in a fierce battle with an arch-rival T-Rex (day tickets from £87). CV Villas turns 50 this year so who better to book that Love Island-style pad in Mallorca with? Pose by the pool of Ca’n Fernanda, a terracotta-roofed hacienda an hour from the rumoured location of this year’s Lust HQ, near Sant Llorenç des Cardassar. Book from £2,845 per week/£34pppn via CV Villas. Worried by images of long airport queues but torn by your desire to fly? Help could be at hand via a new free app that claims to help passengers get organised and spend as little time queuing as possible. App in The Air gives real-time notifications about flight delays and gate changes, and uses crowd-sourced info to help users find the shortest queues and monitor wait times. When does the father figure in your life ever get to relax? Make up for it this Father’s Day on Sunday with a spa package at Cloud Twelve wellness club in Notting Hill, west London. Aimed at easing stress, nourishing the skin and relaxing the muscles, it involves a welcome glass of champers followed by a full-body CBD oil massage and a personalised facial. Dad will also be able to use the spa’s meditation lounge, Himalayan salt room, sauna and steam rooms. From £225 for 90 minutes, valid until June 30. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : You can now spend a night in a former prison at these quirky hotels MORE : Mum reveals money-saving hacks to help parents save cash on summer holidays MORE : Why are airlines cancelling flights and could it be fixed by the summer holidays?