There’s open-plan living, and then there’s… this. A snazzy barn conversion in Cottenham, near Cambridge, is on sale for £815,000 – and while it’s got a bunch of lovely features, it’s one bit in particular that’s got people talking. That bit is a toilet… located in the principal bedroom. We’re not talking about a standard, convenient en-suite, to be clear. This is a toilet that’s directly in the bedroom, with no surrounding walls or partitions to shield you from view as you pee. The ‘integral en-suite’ offers a roll top bath, a toilet, and a sink right by the bed. To those who struggle to relieve themselves in office toilets (especially if someone’s in the next cubicle along), this likely sounds hellish, but perhaps this is the dream for couples who really, really like eye contact, or don’t like to stop their conversation even while wiping. Strangely, there’s no explanation for the unusual design in the property’s listing, which instead highlights the fact that the barn is not a listed building. The OnTheMarketlisting reads: ‘This impressive barn conversion provides an imposing yet private setting, within an incredibly sought-after location. ‘This style and size of property is incredibly rare in the area and with such close proximity to Cambridge. ‘This unique six-bedroom barn conversion offers a wealth of versatile accommodation exceeding 3,759 square feet and with the unusual yet useful fact that it remains not a listed building. ‘We believe it dates from circa 1755.’ To be fair, if you don’t mind a toilet with a view of your partner snoozing, the home has quite a lot to offer. It has 3,703 sq ft of space spread over two floors, with six bedrooms to choose from plus an office. Oh, and the other big draw: there’s an indoor pool, complete with a remote control current. You’ll find the pool on the ground floor in its own room, where you could also slot in some gym equipment if you fancy. Also on this level is a large kitchen, an open-plan living and dining space, one of the bedrooms, an office room, a bathroom, and a utility space. Go up and you’ll find the bedroom with the statement toilet setup, along with four other bedrooms (one of which is a box room, so dibs on not getting that one) and a bathroom complete with a tub – you could always use that if you don’t have exhibitionistic tendencies. If you fancy putting in an offer, you can find out more through the OnTheMarket listing. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What I Rent: Tamika, £400 a month for a studio flat in Birmingham MORE : A guide to Ebbsfleet, where you can buy a house for the price of a flat MORE : Seaside property owned by the ‘real’ Doc Martin on sale for £3.75million