A disabled passenger fell to his death off an escalator at Gatwick Airport after waiting to disembark an easyJet plane. The man had been waiting for assistance to help him off the flight on Wednesday afternoon when he left to navigate his own way through the North Terminal, it is understood. His wife had already been helped off the plane by security staff from Wilson – who are a private firm contracted to help disabled passengers. Gatwick Airport said an investigation is underway but insists staff shortages played no part in the incident. A source familiar with what happened told The Sun: ‘A member of staff came to take the woman into the airport but the man was left on the plane. ‘He must not have wanted to wait for the staff member to come back so made his own way into the terminal. ‘While on the escalator the passenger fell down and suffered serious injuries as a result and died. ‘This is a tragic incident which should never have happened.’ The source claimed there’s been a ‘real issue with staffing problems’ meaning some disabled people have had to wait hours for help. They said normal airport staff have been reminded not to help disabled passengers if they’re not qualified to, ‘even if it means passengers waiting for hours’. But Gatwick said it is normal for staff to disembark passengers who require special assistance one at a time. A spokesperson said the incident occurred while airport staff were helping to disembark three passengers with restricted mobility (PRM), adding staff shortages played no role in the incident. They said: ‘This is a sad and tragic incident and our thoughts remain with the family of the deceased. ‘A member of Wilson James staff was waiting when the aircraft arrived and was in the process of disembarking the three PRM passengers when the incident occurred. ‘Staff shortages were not a factor in this incident as has been claimed. It is normal for one staff member to disembark three passengers who require assistance by taking them one at a time the short distance to the waiting buggy. ‘A formal investigation is currently under way and it would not be appropriate to comment further.’ EasyJet also confirmed the tragedy in a statement, adding members of its cabin crew gave medical assistance to the unnamed passenger while waiting for help from paramedics. ‘Our thoughts are with their family and friends at this difficult time,’ the airline said. The tragedy comes as airports across the country are gripped by travel chaos amid chronic staff shortages. Passengers have faced delayed and cancelled flights, luggage going missing, and huge check in queues as airlines scramble to recruit staff that were axed during the pandemic. Travel expert Paul Charles, from The PC Agency, said  questions would have to be asked over whether this was linked to the Gatwick death. He said: ‘Questions will be asked about the lack of staff available to assist in the middle of the day when this flight arrived. ‘It shows the increasing frustration of some passengers who can’t wait on aircraft for long periods  hoping help may eventually arrive.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.