Jamie Jewitt has revealed he’s lost two and a half stone after getting back into health and fitness after slipping into bad habits during lockdown. The former Love Island star, 32, revealed he had piled on the pounds after indulging in a glass of wine every night as he let his health and fitness slip. Jamie, who shares two children with wife Camilla Thurlow, 32, who he met on the show in 2017, told MailOnline: ‘I gained so much weight over lockdown and being a dad. ‘The crazy thing is I have always been very good with going to the gym and exercising. I am a freak and am obsessed with sport and I love boxing, training, so I went to the gym five to six times a week and I never really dropped that even through lockdown.’ He admitted: ‘With me, it was the food, and I was drinking a bottle of wine every night in lockdown… it was a real bad habit. ‘I used to be so disciplined with my food and then life got in the way, I got a bit older, and a lot of things happened and I found it so difficult to keep on top of my diet.’ The dad-of-two revealed he used meal prep from MuscleFood to help him shift two and a half stone in weight in three weeks after working out how many calories he already burned by exercising and ensuring he was in a calorie deficit. Jamie and Camilla, who got married in September 2021, share one-year-old daughter Nell and welcomed their second daughter Nora two weeks ago. It was after Nell was born that Jamie realised he needed to take better care of his body after struggling to get up off the floor after changing her nappy. He explained that he had tried ever diet going during his modelling days but had stopped caring about what he looked like after becoming a dad. ‘I was treating myself without my body image in the back of my mind, but it became an issue because I felt so unhealthy. ‘I felt it in my knees, when I walked up the stairs my knees would be hurting, and I felt sluggish and slow when I woke up. ‘I didn’t want to lose weight for aesthetic purposes at all I just wanted to feel like I used to. I feel like I aged myself so much over the two years.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island stars Camilla Thurlow and Jamie Jewitt welcome second baby girl MORE : Love Island’s Camilla Thurlow shares beautiful photos from wedding to Jamie Jewitt and admits having to sort ‘last minute dress’ 