George Michael’s former partner Kenny Goss has opened up about his relationship with the late singer, recalling the deep concerns he had for his health. The Careless Whisper singer died at his home on Christmas Day (December 25) in 2016 at the age of 53. An autopsy later found the cause of death to be heart disease. In 1996, Michael began dating Kenny, a businessman from Dallas, and the two went on to form a long-term relationship which lasted until 2009. Last year, it was reported that Kenny had ended a lengthy legal battle with Michael’s estate and agreed a settlement after allegedly being left out of the singer’s will. During the latest episode of Piers Morgan Uncensored, Kenny reflected on his relationship with the music icon and the concerns he had about Michael’s health. ‘We all expected him to die. I had spent so much time when we lived together, being worried about him,’ Kenny stated. ‘Honestly, he hated the fact that I worried about him so much. ‘What’s the line he says in one of his songs? He says, “I can see it in your eyes when you look at me that way, it tears me in two”. And it really did. I just didn’t know what to do.’ However, he added: ‘What I always do notice, is there was a lot longer time that I was incredibly happy with him than I was worried with him. ‘He always said that I saved his life. I think that’s a bit much but I really did try.’ Kenny, 63, went on to claim Michael had insecurities about his appearance and that the singer didn’t think he ‘ever thought he had a good looking moment in his life’. The art dealer recalled how he would constantly reassure the Wham! star about his looks, but that it was ‘very difficult for him’ to get past the insecurity. ‘People would think he would have a much higher sense of, “Hey, I’m a good looking guy”,’ Kenny said. He also told Piers: ‘I’ll never forget, we’d probably been together two weeks or maybe three. He came home and he said, “Darling, what’s good looking about me?” He said, “someone said you were better looking at me”… ‘There were so many things I should have said, but I said your lips. [I should have said] everything… I mean, you know, he was always voted most handsome in the world, all these different things. ‘But what he did know was that he was a talented man, and a good songwriter. I mean he was a good man.’ ‘He was one of the most wonderful men in the world,’ Kenny concluded. Michael’s life and career has been cast under the spotlight again this month due to the release of the film, George Michael Freedom Uncut, which is an extended version of the Channel 4 documentary previously released. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island spoilers: Row erupts between Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Jay Younger after he reveals secret attraction to Paige Thorne MORE : Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu sweats over competition and two new bombshells storm villa – Love Island episode 17 talking points 