People living on a newly built estate say their lives are being made a misery by gangs of schoolchildren dumping unwanted and broken toys. Families living on Riley Square in Bell Green, Coventry, claim the area, reportedly nicknamed ‘Hell Green’, has been overrun by youngsters who terrorise locals. Photographs from the area show smashed toys and Christmas decorations strewn on paths, canals and along alleyways. One mum said she reguarly saw people dumping shopping trolleys in the river and was afraid to let her daughter in the local play area because of the amount of  broken glass. Now, residents are sharing their anger at the mounting piles of waste and want the local council to do more to address the issue. Barbara Nacham, 36, who has lived in the area for five years, said she tries to keep the area clean but has found it an uphill battle. ‘This is a massive problem in our neighbourhood and it’s something our neighbours talk about. It seems like a never-ending story,’ the mum-of-two said. ‘We used to take turns cleaning the area but the next day it would always be covered in rubbish. ‘We saw children throwing rubbish on the ground, we tried to speak to them. Once one of them brought their dad who shouted at us, it scared us. ‘They’re rude, too. We tidied up in the morning, half an hour later they threw something on the ground. ‘When my partner asked them to clean it up, they said “If you pay me, I’ll clean it up”.’ Barbara said she didn’t know what was driving the widespread fly-tipping that is making her and others’ lives a misery but highlighted a lack of bins on the estate. She also called for more education in schools. ‘We’ve been reporting it to the local council,’ Barbara added. ‘The council come and pick up the rubbish everyday but how does that teach the kids. ‘What we used to have in Poland were classes in school about how you’re supposed to keep your area clean, the kids used to pick up the garbage.’ Barbara said the amount of rubbish and impact it was having was ‘frustrating’. ‘It is a plague, it’s sometimes even scary, she said. ‘I have a toddler who’s one and he keeps picking glass up from the ground. ‘The neighbours are very frustrated as it’s a nice area. It’s so frustrating, you have this beautiful area with a lot of green space but then rubbish in the middle of it. ‘It was scary to let kids play in the play area. Yesterday there was glass all over the playground. ‘Many things need to be done from different sides. There needs to be some kind of education and we need to speak to the children. ‘We need more bins, it’s sometimes very hard to find one.’ Another resident echoed Barbara’s complaints. ‘I live near Moat House, in the newer properties. It was lovely when I first moved in but I have seen it decline,’ they said. ‘People no longer seem concerned about what is happening outside their own front door. ‘This has always been a working-class area and it’s had its problems but what is sad is the sense of community which bound us together has gone. ‘It’s no wonder people around here call it ‘Hell Green’ because that is what it has become.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Coventry City Council for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.