New Love Island 2022 bombshell Jacques O’Neill vowed he will bring ‘laughs’ and ‘good vibes’ to the villa after the ITV2 dating series confirmed he was the latest contestant looking for romance. The 23-year-old professional rugby player from Cumbria is the ex-partner of former Liverpool striker Michael Owen’s daughter Gemma, who has been in the series since it began last week. In the teaser for Sunday night’s episode of the show at the end of Friday’s programme, Gemma was heard saying: ‘Oh my god, that’s my ex-boyfriend!’ Asked why he was single in an interview released by the show, Jacques, who underwent surgery for a hamstring injury, said: ‘I split up with my ex and then I was seeing someone else. ‘I was concentrating so much on my rugby and then I had that injury. I think it needs to be the right person, at the right time.’ On what he could bring to the show, he continued: ‘I’ll bring laughs. I’m very straight up – I don’t beat around the bush. Just good vibes.’ Jacques entrance into the villa will shake up the series even further after Gemma was stolen from Davide Sanclimenti by Luca Bish during Friday’s recoupling. The newcomer, who said he would be most likely to take a date for a walk rather than dinner or drinks to ‘see what she’s about’, added that he falls in love ‘quick’. ‘I literally know if they’re going to be my girlfriend within a week,’ he continued. Jacques reckons he’s a good catch because ‘I’m loyal, I’m respectful and I’ve got good manners. I’ll look after someone close to me to the full extent I can’. He said he would like to have a baby ‘in two or three years’, adding: ‘I think I’d be good with babies too, they’d be good looking wouldn’t they?’ Castleford Tigers confirmed the release of hooker Jacques on Friday, but said they have the first option to re-sign him if he wants to resume his rugby league career. Meanwhile, Liam Llewellyn will give his first live interview on Sunday night’s episode of Love Island Aftersun after he made a shock exit on Friday night. Liam made the decision to leave the villa after just four days of being on the programme, telling his fellow islanders: ‘Obviously we all came here for the same reason but I haven’t really been feeling I have been giving 100% Liam. ‘I know what 100% Liam looks like and I am miles off that.’ Love Island continues Sunday at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 