If you’re off on holiday soon, you’ve probably already stocked up on the essentials – including suncream. But when you’re hoping for that gorgeous holiday glow, it can be frustrating to see that your face has broken out in spots and blemishes from suncream use. We all know suncream it vital – and there’s no compromise on that – so how can we go about protecting our skin from the sun, while also keeping spots at bay? Experts have shared some top tips for summer – so you can stay looking your best on holiday and on hot days back home. Dr Usman Qureshi, aesthetic doctor and founder of Luxe Skin by Dr Q, says: ‘Many of us notice that, after we wear sunscreen, we almost always end up breaking out. That’s likely because the formulation we use is too intense for our skin. ‘A lot of people end up using the same sunscreen for both their body and faces – assuming that the same formula for our legs works on our cheeks.’ There are loads of suncreams specifically designed for faces, rather than your body. So be sure to have one of each in your holiday arsenal. ‘First, to decrease the likelihood of clogging your pores, look for an oil-free, non-comedogenic sunscreen,’ says Dr Usman. Choosing a formula like this will minimise the chances of developing breakouts (and the hyperpigmentation and scarring that can sometimes come with them). Niacinamide has been hailed as a hero ingredient for 2022, as it can brighten skin and strengthen its barrier over time. It’s a real multitasker. Dr Usman says: ‘I love niacinamides for their anti-inflammatory properties and for their ability to help control breakouts.’ There are a few available to buy, such as VICHY’s capital soleil UV age daily  SPF 50 with niacinamide. As chemical sunscreens can make you sweat more (by trapping heat) and clog your pores, experts say you may be better off opting for a mineral-based sunscreen. Dr Usman says: ‘In particular, I prize lightweight formulas with anti-inflammatory zinc oxide as the best sunscreens for acne-prone skin.’ Whenever you’ve used sunscreen, experts say ensure you give your skin a really thorough cleanse at the end of the day. Diane Ackers, skincare expert for Doctors Formula Cosmeceuticals, says: ‘Always double cleanse at the end of the day, think cleanse no. 1 removes, the sunscreen, perspiration and debris stuck in it. Cleanse no. 2 treats your skin. ‘It’s the best practice for healthy, glowing skin and reducing the amount of breakouts you have.’ Blocked pores, breakouts and pimples from sunscreen all occur with the perfect breeding ground, explains Diane. She says: ‘Take something away from the cycle, such as a build up of dead skin cells via regular exfoliation, so the sweat and increased oil production doesn’t get trapped so easily by a dead skin cell build up. ‘Or introduce something new into your routine – like a double cleanse. ‘Also, lighten the load of the texture of your daily moisturiser and if you feel hot, sweaty and a little oily and you can see your reflection in your own shine. Take five, wash it all away and reapply your morning daily protection routine – it only takes five minutes, versus a few days of breakouts.’ Emma Coleman, a dermatology and aesthetic registered general nurse, says it’s a good idea to check for certain ingredients in suncream, too. ‘Avoid ingredients such as zinc oxide which is thick and can trap heat onto the skin’s surface, leading to inflammation and eruptions,’ she says. Instead, she says opt for a light broad-spectrum formulation, which contains exfoliating AHA and BHAs – such as salicylic, lactic and citric acids. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Experts say you can ‘supercharge’ your SPF by pairing it with vitamin C MORE : Think using SPF foundation is enough? Chemist shows you need 13 pumps for the sun protection to work MORE : Can you double up on your sunscreen to increase the SPF?