So, we’re enjoying Gemini season (travel, education, communication, and broader horizons are the mood), we’re not far away from the Solstice, it’s soon to be a Full Moon (14th). This is a good week for activating great ideas and plans for the remainder of June. Give yourself something to look forward to, little milestones or celebrations to break up the grind. Let the tarot guide you as to what treats you could put in place for yourself this week, June 5 to 11, with your star sign’s tarot horoscope. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: Ace of Swords Meaning: You want to clear the air, get something off your chest, break the stalemate or tension that has built up between you and someone you care about, because you hate this kind of hidden conflict. So, set to it. Get your words in order, know what you’re going to say, and, well, just say it. The Ace of Swords warns you not to fly off the handle if they say something sparky back, let them speak, listen well, don’t over-react. You can overcome this. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: The Star Meaning: The Star reveals it’s very important that you make a little dream come true for yourself before the end of June. Whatever it is, it will happen, so don’t waste this cosmic energy. You are being given an opening to fulfil a dream, chase and achieve a wish. It will require overt action from you, but the Universe will also get involved and bring you good fortune and opportunity to accelerate things. Make a plan. Get to it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: Seven of Wands Meaning: Competition is the main theme of Seven of Wands. You’re ready for a challenge, an ambition or goal which you can use the rest of June to pursue and achieve, and it will feel so good. Wands reflect passions and inspirations, as well as travel, education, lifestyle change. Think about something you could make a difference or do in these areas this week. Make a clear plan, schedule it, and (importantly) decide on what your reward for winning here will be. Something worthwhile. You’re about to smash this! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Ten of Wands Meaning: You’re tired and ready for some RnR. Schedule actual time set aside for rest, relaxation, early nights, lie ins, physical therapy or massage, long baths, ambling walks or rambles, nice lazy afternoons reading or gardening or pottering. Make the remainder of June less busy because you need to replenish your energy levels and this, frankly, is what you crave more than any adventure or new escapade. Treat yourself to free time and deep rest. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: The Magician Meaning: The Magician is a wonderful card about entrepreneurship, creativity, innovation and utilizing a natural talent to make something new… and maybe create a lucrative and successful side line or new career path with. So, invest in some exciting education, skill-refining, new materials, or stimulus related to a hobby or talent you possess, which could become something more. Make it fun, make it play, make it exciting and inspiring. Make the next week a time to really enjoy doing something you’re good at. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: The Lovers Meaning: Your love life can be the place to find joy, fun and pleasure this June. The Lovers shows that passions can run high, emotions might feel heightened, and your intimacy and connection with an object of affection can really go to the next level. So, plan to have a series of magical date nights with your beau, and, if you’re single, then get yourself out out to have fun and meet other people. Geminis are well starred. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: The Wheel of Fortune Meaning: You’re ready to have one of those ‘throw it all up in the air’ months, with the transformative Wheel of Fortune. Make a plan for the next week that sees you totally revamping all of your usual, humdrum routines. Change your lunch menu, walk a different way to the park, visit new places and venues, call up people you’ve not spoken to yet this year, take up a new evening hobby or pastime, tune in to an alternative radio station or podcast, get new books to read, change your hairstyle, try a makeover. Make this a time of renewal and experimentation. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: The Hermit Meaning: Sometimes you need your alone time – that is as much a treat for you as anything. The Hermit reveals you want to take some solitude and peace and quiet for yourself, just pottering or walking or chilling. Your mind is churning through some important stuff, and you’re focused on a few big decisions for the future. You work best solo. You need to take your material back to the ‘Scorpio Lab’ to work on it, think through it, and come out with a robust plan of action. And, actually, you’re looking forward to it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: Justice Meaning: You’re in the mood to right some wrongs, make amends, stick up for people who you know need your strength, and generally be a bit of a superhero this week – and that is a total pleasure to you, because you have such a big heart. Justice is a powerful card about morality, justice (literally), and the balance of fairness in life. You’re a big believer in fairness and it pains you to stand by when things aren’t right. Get stuck in and make your corner of this world a better place, do good and feel good about doing it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: Ace of Wands Meaning: You’re been itching to start a new hobby or pastime, and this week is the time to do it! It’s something authentically you, which others might raise an eyebrow at but to heck with their opinion. The Ace of Wands brings a surge of enthusiasm and opportunity which will get this new activity going with great gusto. It might be linked to creativity, physical activity, exercise, outdoors-y pursuits, travel or education. Knowing you, it will also have an aspect of challenge or personal growth too! You are always working on improving yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: Nine of Wands Meaning: Time to treat yourself to something that you had a go at before, or tried to get into, and it just didn’t happen or work out. Things have changed now, stuff is different, and it’s time to have another go (this time, you’ll be successful). The Nine of Wands is a reassurance that what thwarted you before has now evaporated as an issue. Dust off an old ambition or activity, revamp your approach to it, and have a go. Nothing to lose, everything to gain. The time is right now. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: Death Meaning: You’re in the mood for a makeover, Pisces! Death is the tarot’s card of total, and positive, transformation. This might be about your appearance, your career, your home or garden, your wardrobe, your physical fitness, your daily routines…. Whatever you feel is due some TLC and improvement or updating, make a plan to this the week to make a difference. You are a mutable sign, which makes you flexible and eager to seek change. This, to you, is great fun! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Gemini MORE : What type of traveller you are, based on your star sign – and your ideal holiday