Dame Deborah James has made an appearance on her Instagram story to wish luck to everyone taking part in the Race For Life for Cancer Research. The You, Me and the Big C podcast host, 40, who has terminal bowel cancer, revealed that she had been planning to take part in the fundraiser in her wheelchair but would now be supporting from afar. She donned a pink wig and lipstick as well as dark eyeshadow as she took to her story to encourage everyone else that will be running for the cancer charity. Dame Deborah told her followers: ‘I’m gutted not to be there, my sister was going push me around in a wheelchair but for various reasons I’m not going to do it tonight. ‘I think I’ll do my own little mini one at my parents’ house, but if you are taking part I’m wishing you all the luck. ‘Run for your own life, run to celebrate life or in memory of somebody else, whatever you’re doing it for, have fun all the way. And thank you for raising vital funds.’ She also thanked those who had previously run for her BowelBabe team since 2019, with over 10,000 people taking part and raising over £470,000 over the years. Dame Deborah, who is under hospice care at home after no longer being able to have active bowel cancer treatment, is also campaigning to have the warning signs of bowel cancer displayed on toilet paper packaging in an attempt to save lives. It comes after retailer Marks and Spencer announced plans to add information on signs of the disease to its packaging. Dame Deborah appeared on Tuesday’s episode of Lorraine where she congratulated her friend Cara Hoofe, who was diagnosed with bowel cancer at 32, for successfully pitching the idea of putting symptoms on loo roll wrapping to her employer M&S. She said: ‘Congratulations Cara. I’m so pleased that you are talking about the hard work that you have put in, and what you have achieved. ‘I know we’ve both gone through bowel cancer and we’ve spoken so many times about getting signs and symptoms on loo roll but you finally did it and I am really really proud of you for doing that. ‘It’s the start of things to come, I think we should now do a big shout out to other companies now, saying come on where’s your signs and symptoms. ‘Forget about the puppies, I’m bored of the puppies. We need actual information signposted on those loo rolls so I’m hoping lots of other big brands will now go “yeah, hang on, this makes massive sense. This is what we need to be doing.” I can’t wait to see that happen.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Deborah James wants supermarkets to include bowel cancer symptoms on toilet roll MORE : Dame Deborah James ‘consumed by anger’ at terminal bowel cancer: ‘I don’t want to die’ 