TikTok star Ophelia Nichols broke down in tears as she revealed that her son, Randon Lee, was killed just one day before his 19th birthday. The teenager was reportedly shot and killed at a gas station in Prichard, Alabama, on Friday night. The social media star, who calls herself ‘Mama Tot’ and posts under the name Shoelover99, sobbed in a new video as she begged for help from the public over her loss. ‘The word has already got out and I’m just being overloaded with messages. And I need to let everybody know. But I’m doing this video for a reason. Because I need y’all’s help,’ she tearfully began to her 7.3million followers. ‘I ain’t never asked y’all for anything, but I need your help with this. There’s almost 7million people that follow me, somebody’s got to know something. ‘Today would have been my baby child’s 19th birthday, but he was took from me last night. He was took from my children and my husband and our family. ‘My son was murdered. He was shot. And I have this hatred in my heart that I don’t recognize. Because I’ve never felt hate for anybody. ‘This individual took my son’s life. He was just 18 years old. That’s the best part of somebody’s life. ‘I know they’re out there in my town. They’re out there. They’re out there living and breathing but my son is dead.’ Holding up a framed photo of Randon, Ophelia pleaded with her followers to help find his killer. ‘This is my son and you took him from me,’ she said, addressing the culprit directly. ‘Look at his face. Because I’ll never see it again. ‘Somebody knows who did this to my child. And I’m asking for somebody’s help. Anybody’s help. It’s my son’ she added. ‘Please.’ Alongside the clip, a caption read: ‘You will be found! You will reap what you sow in this world. You may not be caught now but its coming. I hope you see my sons face everyday of your life [sic].’ Police are currently investigating Randon’s death but have not released any details or further information. Ophelia later shared an update in the comments section below, telling fans: ‘Just been told We have a lead on 2 individuals. I hope they see this video & know what they have done to my family.’ Fans offered their support over the mom-of-three’s loss – as one wrote: ‘I’m so sorry for your loss; this is gut wrenching.’ ‘No mother should have to go through this! I’m so sorry my heart hurts for you! You’re tots are here for you [sic],’ another posted. ‘My heart absolutely aches for you and your family. Praying and sending you light and love during this tragic time,’ a TikTok user commented. ‘No one should ever feel this pain.You have a community here that is sending so much love and prayers to you and your family.My goodness… I’m so sorry,’ a follower replied. ‘I am so incredibly devastated for you Ophelia. I love you. You are allowed to feel everything you feel right now. I’m so sorry,’ a fan added. Metro.co.uk has contacted Prichard Police for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Cruise rocks out to The Rolling Stones as he makes surprise appearance at BTS Hyde Park show MORE : Kendall Jenner nails the solution to avoiding tan lines by sunbathing nude in cheeky snap 