Senior royals put on their finery to process through the grounds of Windsor Castle for the traditional Garter Day ceremony this afternoon. Every June, a procession of the Queen’s top knights in the Order of the Garter is held, and any new members are welcomed. Prince Andrew had reportedly hoped to have a role in this year’s event, but he was absent from any public part of the celebrations. As a close relation of the Queen, he is still a Knight of the Garter – but has become a figure of controversy after sex abuse allegations, which he denies but settled in court to avoid a civil trial. The Order of the Garter dates back to 1348, when King Edward III founded it apparently inspired by tales of King Arthur and his knights. An older version of the Order of Service for chapel did name Andrew as being part of the Garter knights present, but in the final edit distributed to the public he has been omitted. Prince Charles and his son William are understood to have lobbied the Queen not to let Andrew’s participate publicly in Garter Day. The event features a church service, an investiture for new members of the order, and a lunch. It is usually led by the monarch, but the Queen, 96, did not join the public celebrations today due to her ongoing mobility issues. The palace did, however, release a photo of her standing with Prince Charles and his wife Camilla at Windsor Castle beforehand. Prince Andrew, the Duke of York, is understood to want to return to some public role despite the fall out from his disastrous Newsnight interview when he used Pizza Express as an alibi and said he was unable to sweat. Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty Magazine, said: ‘Clearly it was the intention he would be there, as he does feature in one of the lists, so it’s not a media invention he was going to be there, until recently that was the intention. ‘Interesting that the family should need to intervene on something like this and to pull him back but clearly that’s what it takes.’ Mr Little speculated the decision may cause Andrew to reassess his future and how ‘impossible’ it is for him to return as a working member of the royal family. He said about the move to remove Andrew from public view: ‘I think the decision they’ve made is a sensible one, I think they’re fully aware of the public’s opinion of the Duke of York’s conduct and that this is very much a damage limitation exercise on behalf of senior members of his family.’ Andrew is rumoured to be the Queen’s favourite child, and she signalled her support for him by arriving with him for the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service in March. But he did not appear during the Platinum Jubilee, saying the day before that he had tested positive for Covid-19 and would have to isolate. Around 4,500 spectators within Windsor Castle walls watched the colourful procession of Garter Knight and Ladies dressed in blue velvet mantles, red velvet hoods, black velvet hats and white ostrich plumes. Future queen Camilla joined as for the first time as a Royal Lady of the Order of the Garter. Former prime minister Sir Tony Blair was also appointed to the oldest and most senior British Order of Chivalry as a Knight Companion, and the honour prompted a protest outside the castle walls by around 100 Stop the War activists who at one point chanted ‘Tony Blair war criminal’. He walked with Baroness Valerie Amos who joined the Order as a Lady Companion. The Labour Peer, the first black person to become a cabinet member, is now also the first black person appointed to the Order. The Queen did not be take part in the procession of Garter Knights as she traditionally would do. Given her mobility issues, the decision was expected and in past years she has travelled by car to the place of worship. She did attend the lunch and the investiture ceremony. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.