The Cambridges have shared heartwarming pictures of George, Louis and Charlotte baking for guests at a Jubilee street party in Wales. The children were seen gleefully putting together a set of colourful cupcakes to be shared with the community on Sunday. One shot showed Prince George, 8 watching Princess Charlotte, 7, carefully weigh out flour as Louis got to work on an electric mixer behind them. Louis could then be seen studiously sieving icing sugar for the topping, which their mum, Kate Middleton, piped onto cakes served in Union Jack wrappings. It appeared the trio couldn’t wait for her to finish the job before starting on the colourful sprinkles. A slideshow of the scene was posted on the Cambridges’ official Twitter account on Sunday, the morning after the they took George and Charlotte for a surprise visit to Cardiff Castle for a special Platinum Jubilee concert. The trip marked the siblings’ first official engagement in Wales, according to Kensington Palace officials. It’s thought the baking session took place may have taken place in the Palace kitchens before the visit, as four-year-old Louis did not attend the concert. The family have openly shared their fondness for baking, with Prince William previously revealing how the habit started during lockdown. In summer 2020 he told bakers near his Anmer Hall mansion in Norfolk how his kids had been ‘attacking the kitchen’ causing ‘explosions of flour and chocolate everywhere’. Judging by the latest scenes, they have learnt how to keep a lid on the mess. If they were indeed shot at home, the pictures would also mark the first glimpse into the Cambridges’ kitchen and one of just a handful of looks into their home life. The couple have previously only shown fragments of the interior of their home seen in the background of video calls published on social media. The decor of the kitchen appears to be in keeping with their taste for neutral colours and sleek white fittings. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.