A police officer allegedly raped a businesswoman a day after meeting her on a dating app and would ‘not take no for an answer,’ a court has heard. David Longden-Thurgood, 48, is said to have told her ‘it feels too good I can’t stop now’ when asked to stop. A court heard divorced Longden-Thurgood met the woman, a mother in her 30s, on the Bumble dating app. The Hampshire-based officer of 19 years sent her selfies, spoke about potentially having sex in his uniform, and told the woman ‘I’m a bit of a rebel off duty’. ‘I’ll protect you for life, you will be my baby girl, I’ll look after you’, he said in one. Prosecutor Rebecca Fairbairn told the court that after a day of the pair exchanging sexualised messages and sending naked selfies, the woman invited him to her home. Ms Fairbairn said she wanted to chat to get to know him but had repeatedly said ‘I don’t want sex’. The day after the alleged attack, the woman messaged him: ‘I just kept saying “no we are not having sex”. I didn’t mind a spoon and a bit of play but I think you intended on coming here and having sex, it got to the point where I may as well stop saying no.’ Longden-Thurgood replied: ‘Sorry babe, I thought with all the sex talk that was both what we wanted. It’s very difficult to accept the invite into your house to spoon after all that talk and not have sex.’ Opening the trial at Winchester Crown Court, Ms Fairbairn said father of three Longden-Thurgood matched with the woman on Bumble in October 2020 and they met at her Hampshire home the following evening. She told the jury: ‘Even when she said no, he was not prepared to take no for an answer.” ‘Because of the fact they had been messaging, and in part because he was a police officer, she felt a degree of trust and so it was arranged that the following night after she put the children to bed he would come round.’ The pair had engaged ‘in some sexual activity’ and Ms Fairbairn said the alleged victim freely accepted to investigators that at this stage she was consenting. But, when she noticed Longden-Thurgood taking his boxers off, she told him ‘I don’t want to have sex’. He replied ‘don’t worry we won’t have sex’. Jurors were told Longden-Thurgood then, ‘without warning’, raped the woman as she remained silent. When she told him again she didn’t want sex, Longden-Thurgood told her: ‘Well it feels too good I can’t stop now.’ The woman said it ‘hurt’, that he was ‘aggressive’ and she felt ‘numb’, the court heard. She said she couldn’t make eye-contact with him and had been worried about waking her kids. The following day, in messages between the pair, Longden-Thurgood said the woman seemed ‘miserable’, was ‘blowing it out of proportion’, and ‘you make me feel like shit’. The same day, the woman was emotional as she picked her children up after school. Ms Fairbairn said her friend of five years noticed something was wrong. Days later, when the woman contacted the police, she was hesitant and asked for two days to consider whether she wanted to make a formal report. Longden-Thurgood, from Waterlooville, Hampshire, denies one count of rape. His rank was not given but it was heard he carries out risk assessments in a force control room. The trial continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.