Barcelona have promised Mohamed Salah a place in their new-look team if he refrains from signing a contract extension with Liverpool. The 29-year-old enjoyed another stellar campaign with the Premier League giants who scooped a domestic cup double, reached the Champions League final and missed out on the league title by just a solitary point. Salah finished the season with 33 goals for club and country, having also helped Egypt reach the final of the Africa Cup of Nations. After five years at Anfield, however, Salah’s future is the subject of intense speculation and his refusal to pen a new deal has only added to the conjecture. Speaking ahead of the Champions League final in Paris a week ago, the former Roma forward confirmed it was his intention to remain with Liverpool, regardless of whether or not he signs a new contract. He said: ‘In my mind, I don’t focus on the contract. I don’t want to be selfish at all. I said two months ago it’s about the team. It’s an important week for us. ‘I’m just focused on the team and winning the Champions League again. I want to see Hendo [Jordan Henderson] with the trophy in the hands and hopefully he gives it to me. ‘I don’t want to talk about the contract now, I’m staying next season for sure, that’s clear.’ Should Salah see out the remaining 12 months of his contract he will be available on a free in June 2023 and Barcelona, according to the Mirror, are in pole position to sign the prolific winger. Barcelona head coach Xavi has begun to turn the fortunes of the ailing Catalan giants around after his appointment midway through last season. Robert Lewandowski is due to arrive from Bayern Munich in the next month, while Barcelona are increasingly confident of winning the race to sign Ruben Neves from Wolves, ahead of the likes of Arsenal and Manchester United. MORE : Mohamed Salah breaks silence on Liverpool’s Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid MORE : Liverpool star Mohamed Salah open to joining Premier League rivals on free transfer For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 