Deborah McCrary, a member of the gospel music quartet The McCrary Sisters, has died at the age of 67. In a post shared on Facebook, the late singer’s sister, Alfreda McCrary, announced her death, writing: ‘My sister Deborah McCrary just got her wings! ‘Gone but not forgotten! I thank God for her life she was our baby! We love you Deborah!’ Among their vast collection of music, The McCrary Sisters have performed with several artists throughout the years, including Carrie Underwood. Underwood shared a post on Instagram paying homage to McCrary, sharing a picture of herself with the group as she wrote: I want to take a moment to honor Deborah McCrary…I was blessed to have worked with her on so many occasions. ‘She was always kind…always professional…the anchor in whatever it was we were singing! I know she will be missed by so, so many…Prayers for Deborah’s family and friends. See you again someday…’ In a statement sent to People, The McCrary Sisters said: ‘​​It is with deep sorrow that we share the news of the passing of our beloved sister Deborah.’ The singer’s cause of death is currently unknown. The members of The McCrary Sisters included Ann McCrary, Deborah McCrary, Regina McCrary, and Alfreda McCrary. The group released four studio albums and one live album, working with an array of artists including Chris Stapleton, Patty Griffin, Margo Price and Gregg Allman. In tribute, the Americana Music Association wrote: ‘Today we are mourning the loss of a dear friend and integral part of the Americana community, Deborah McCrary. Always a healer, both as a nurse and through song, she will be missed.’ ‘We are saddened by the news of Deborah McCrary’s passing. Our hearts go out to her family during this difficult time,’ stated record label Rounder Records in a statement. The McCrary sisters’ father, Reverend Samuel H McCrary, was a former Baptist preacher and a founding member of American gospel group The Fairfield Four. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sister of American Idol star Drake McCain Taylor dies aged 19 after drowning in lake: ‘Until we meet again my precious baby sis’ MORE : Indian singer KK dies aged 53 from ‘cardiac arrest’ hours after performing on stage: ‘What a voice, what a heart, what a human being’