If you’re keen to get on the property ladder without saving for years on end, you might want to expand your search. House prices are way up across the UK (especially in London), but there are some areas that are a tad more affordable than others. Halifax’s latest data has taken a look at the average price of a home in different regions of the country, then compared this to typical salarys in the location to judge property affordability. They found that Inverclyde in the west of Scotland is the most affordable place to buy a home, with typical house prices just 3.1 times average earnings. That’s pretty good, especially when you compare it to somewhere like London, where the average home is nearly ten times your salary. So, which areas are worth looking into? And if you’re wondering what your money will get you, we’ve taken a look at some of the two-bedroom houses in each area on the market now… A great family home with unique interiors (check out the sparkly stair banisters) and stunning views out over the hills. Check it out on Zoopla. In the second most affordable region, here’s a sweet two-bed for under £100k. Check it out on Zoopla. The garden’s massive too. Check it out on Zoopla. A great-sized family home with a reception hall, a bright and airy lounge, a newly fitted kitchen, two double bedrooms, and one bathroom. Check it out on Zoopla. A cute two-bed with a long (but a bit narrow) garden and easy access to both Grimsby and Cleethorpes. Check it out on Zoopla. A perfect starter home, complete with a south-facing rear garden. Check it out on Zoopla. For £150,000, you don’t just get this rather lovely two-bed, you also get the summer house in the garden. You could rent that out or turn it into a dreamy home office. Check it out on Zoopla. An adorable cottage that’s just a short walk from Kilmarnock town centre and the railway station. Check it out on Zoopla. A modern home made up of an entrance hallway, a lounge, a kitchen, two bedrooms, and a family bathroom. Check it out on Zoopla. Fitted with solar panels for sustainable energy. Check it out on Zoopla. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : From rented rooms to a penthouse apartment: How Charlie Mullins went up in the world MORE : What I Rent: Oriana, £2,000 a month for a one-bedroom flat in Canning Town, London MORE : Shared ownership: Why first-time buyers are feeling optimistic about getting on the ladder