We’re all looking forward for summer and getting out and about with our friends and family. But isn’t it awful when you begin to pack for that holiday or day trip and realise you are totally unprepared? No fear. If your running leggings are starting to sag, and you could really do with a supply of alcohol-free bubbly for sunny weekday evening emergencies, then we’ve got you covered. Here are the best fitness and wellness buys right now. If you love florals, you’ll love Liberty’s Feel-Good Florals Activewear collection. With a water-resistant running jacket, a vest top designed for high-impact workouts and supportive leggings in three different prints, it’s Instagram-worthy kit. Buy from £95 from Liberty London. Shake up your post-workout beverage with a Foodspring Clear Whey Lemonade flavour protein powder. Not only does it taste dreamy, but there’s 26g of protein and just 113 calories per 30g serving. Buy for £29.99 from Foodspring. Celebrity facialist Chelseé Lewis has created a Face Oil with a powerhouse of ingredients that are rich in essential fatty acids, minerals and vitamins. It works to brighten and rejuvenate, improve the appearance of pigmentation and scarring and promotes relaxation. Buy for £85 from Chelseé Lewis. Sweaty Betty Swim collection fuses performance swimwear with eco-friendly and recycled fabrics. Key features include removable cups and UV protection. We are smitten with the Tidal Xtra Life Long Sleeve Swimsuit in Green Frond Print. Buy for £110 from Sweaty Betty. The Human Experience is a bio-hackers haven. It brings together guided breathwork, a group movement session, a group ice bath experience, journalling, meditation and live music. The event runs from 10am-3pm on June 11 at Rushett Farm in Surrey and a vegan lunch is included. Book your place for £130 at The Human Experience. Who Gives A Crap creates eco-friendly toilet paper from sustainable materials such as bamboo and donates 50% of profits to charities worldwide. Its limited-edition Where’s The Loo rolls are wrapped in an illustrated puzzle to ponder while you poop. Buy for £50 (48 double length rolls) from Who Gives A Crap. If you need to freshen up in the hot weather ladies, Smile Makers Silky(S)Wipes are biodegradable intimate hygiene wipes. They include extracts of soothing chamomile, moisturising aloe vera, nourishing vitamin E and prebiotics. Buy for £7.95 (pack of 12 sachets) from Boots. If you’re looking for a non-alcoholic sparkling wine that also contains polyphenols and antioxidants, look no further than Pale Fox Prosecco. A blend of grapes from Italy, it has around 75% fewer calories than alcoholic equivalents. Buy for £21.95 from Pale Fox Prosecco. Enjoy a plant-powered Misfits bar and delight in the indulgent, triple-layered and chocolate-coated snack knowing it contains 16g of protein, more than 8g of fibre and less than 1g of sugar. Buy for £20 (for a 12 bar variety box) from Misfits. Origins GinZing Glow-Boosting Mask is a coffee-infused lightweight mask that transforms skin thanks to a refreshing complex containing caffeine, ginseng, orange encapsulates and naturally derived vitamin C. Buy for £33 from Origins. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Learn how to power walk your way to achieving your fitness goals MORE : Joe Wicks ‘released anger through fitness’ after father’s battle with heroin addiction: ‘I couldn’t deal with that’ MORE : The best fitness technology buys of 2022