Former UTV presenter Aideen Kennedy has died aged 43. The popular host, who regularly covered the news bulletin in Northern Ireland, revealed that she was receiving care in a Twitter post on Friday morning and died later that night. On Tuesday, she updated her 16,000 Twitter followers and shared a picture of her in hospital. ‘Day 19 in hospital – say a wee prayer for me. Bleeding in stomach,’ she wrote. In her final social media post, the journalist revealed that she would be ‘going home to die’ with the assistance of palliative care. ‘So life has not gone well and I am as sick as I was as when I went in to hospital so essentially going home to die but getting palliative care,’ she penned. ‘The kids know. If you ever come across them, will you an eye out for them, they are the kindest, sweetest most thoughtful kiddies.’ Close friend Emma Little-Pengally announced her death on Saturday evening on Twitter. She wrote: ‘Absolutely devastated. My beautiful, funny, kind friend Aideen has passed away. I will miss her terribly. We met 22 years ago when we shared a room for the summer in DC and became firm friends. Goodbye beautiful girl.’ Kennedy’s former employer issued a statement and hailed her a ‘gifted’ broadcaster before sending their love to her family. A spokeswoman said: ‘The UTV family is deeply saddened to hear of the passing of former colleague and friend Aideen Kennedy. A truly gifted reporter, she spent many years at UTV bringing viewers stories from all over Northern Ireland.’ Following the tragic news, tributes have been pouring in for the dedicated journalist. BBC weatherman Barra Best said: ‘So sorry to read this. Life really can deal some bitter blows. And of course we’ll keep an eye out for them [Aideen’s children]. I’ll try to make sure they get some decent weather.’ UTV colleague Rita Fitzgerald replied: ‘Darling Aideen, I’m so desperately sorry to hear this. My heart is breaking for you. I’m here if I can do anything at all. Much love xxx.’ Ken Reid, former UTV political editor, tweeted: ‘Tonight the thought @Aideen_Reporter is no longer with us is just heartbreaking. A decent soul who suffered too much. The news has stunned many of us. We all need to take care. God bless her. RIP.’ Kennedy was one of four siblings and the fourth to die young. She is survived by her two children Jacob and Eva, as well as her parents Noel and Maura. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Boris Johnson believes Ukraine ‘can and should’ host Eurovision 2023: ‘They won and they deserve to have it’ MORE : David Beckham and Elon Musk share sweet messages for their kids as they lead Father’s Day celebrations 