Without rehab, I would be lying in a graveyard somewhere, with a stone reading: ‘Died age 27’. I could have been in the 27 club without any of the fame or talent. I am a recovering cocaine addict and mafia drugs runner, and 12 years ago, a rehab facility saved my life. Rehab gently handed back the things that I thought were lost forever – my health, family, gratitude for life, and ambition. The fact that I am breathing and writing today is a wonder. As a child, I suffered from cripplingly low self-esteem and insecurities. I was the subject of ‘banter’ at school, being called ‘chubby’ and people constantly pointed out my negatives. So, when I was introduced to cocaine at the age of 18 from a close friend that I trusted, I experienced a sense of internal, overriding confidence immediately and euphoria that lifted me from myself. After that first line, I became the person I always wanted to be. I was always externally confident; I had more front than Brighton Beach, but that was just a persona, an image that I projected to hide how I felt inside. It was like someone gave me a super medication that completely transformed me, and it was a feeling that I’d been looking for my whole life. Cocaine made me feel like I could conquer the world, but the joy was short-lived, however, and I soon became a prisoner to the white lines. I was unaware of it at the time, but on reflection, I was addicted to it pretty much immediately. When I wasn’t using three times a week, my brain was obsessing about it and my tolerance grew and progressed. I was no longer getting high; I was using it to escape the plunge into incapacitating paranoia that came from the comedown – I was convinced that I needed lines to get back to who I used to be, before addiction. I almost always used it alone; for me, cocaine was not about partying. I was exceptionally paranoid, scaring myself walking past mirrors, often finding myself staring through keyholes, convinced ‘they’ were coming for me. The addiction was exhausting. I couldn’t catch a thought, and my mind was a million miles an hour. I would wake up each morning wondering who I owed money to. I was in a constant state of fear. What started as a bit of a boost quickly spiralled into a long, lonely, and dark journey. So, let’s get one important fact out of the way. During the first five years of my severe cocaine abuse, I was a fully-fledged police officer serving Her Majesty the Queen. If you’re thinking how terrible and irresponsible that is, trust me, I’ve heard it all. Nothing anyone could ever say to me is worse than the words I have spoken to myself. When I was training for the Metropolitan Police, I had undiagnosed ADHD and had difficulty concentrating. If you didn’t get 80% in the police exams each week, you would fail and get booted out. While I was training for my police exams, abusing drugs helped me retain information to fly through them. It was like my magic pill that I used in my room when I was studying. It was doing for me what I couldn’t do for myself. I passed the training phase and became a police officer in the Camden Borough of London. I was earning £26,000 at the age of 19; I lived at home with my family, so my bills were minimal and I didn’t have a mortgage or pay any rent. There were no financial consequences at that time, and so the cost of cocaine was initially not an issue. Police life consisted of sneaking away into the station’s toilets for a line, or arriving late to an emergency because I’d forgotten my cocaine. I was obliged to protect the people, yet, my only care in the world was where the next line was coming from. With great powder comes great responsibility, or something along those lines… I didn’t associate myself with aggressive drug dealers or users like the ones I arrested, though – I saw cocaine as my medication and these people were breaking the law. I put myself on a pedestal and I was in denial. But the horror of drug addiction quickly set in, and I soon needed cocaine to simply feel somewhat normal. As you can imagine, being both a police officer and a dependent cocaine abuser did not gel, and after five years, I left the police force and moved to Berlin. There, the financial consequences hit me. First I used loans and credit cards, but had to look at other options when I exhausted those. At one point, I stole the wallet of a man who was unconscious and having a seizure outside of a nightclub. I went back inside and used the guy’s credit card to cut lines of cocaine and used his banknotes to snort it. Talk about rock bottom. In Berlin, with cocaine use and the need for money as my motivator, I began drug running for the Albanian mafia. This occurred by befriending one of the head honchos in a nightclub VIP area. He was surrounded by beautiful women, and I brazenly asked if he knew where I could find cocaine. In the next moment, one of the servers walked up to me with an envelope and told me to open it in the bathroom. There were four grams of cocaine inside. This ‘gift’ started a relationship of me doing ‘favours’ for him in exchange for cocaine. I was roped in to help them with whatever they needed, taking women from one brothel they owned to another. He also became a parental figure to me. He was getting me what I wanted in the form of drugs, and thus I felt that I owed him. So, the Albanian mafia became my new family – that was until they dropped me. Ultimately, due to owing a lot of money to many dangerous people – probably around $20,000 in total – I became ghastly ill and homeless in Berlin. I was in my mid-twenties, waking up on the street, covered in another person’s urine and drenched in my own blood. That was when the insecure child I had spent years using cocaine to run from came back into my consciousness. That child and I wept together on that cold cobbled street. I called my mum that day from a payphone in Berlin, and I asked for help. Unlike most addicts, I was given a second chance, and I was fortunate enough to be placed into a residential rehab in the UK. Now, I’m celebrating 12 years substance-free, and I have dedicated my life to helping other addicts get the help they need and start a new life. Now, I’m married to a wonderful woman called Gemma, with two amazing children. The feelings I had about myself don’t occupy my head anymore. I own a property, I’m a business owner and I’m a reliable person with stability. Which is more than I’d ever wanted. The fact that I just opened a beautiful rehab facility of my own, Verve Health, is a miracle. My mission – having been given a second shot at life – is to save the lives of thousands of other addicts. I am now one of Britain’s experts on addiction and a recovery advocate. According to Addiction Center, the Centre for Social Justice determined that the level of addiction in the UK made it the ‘addiction capital of Europe’ and £36billion is spent by the nation every year on treatment relating to drug and alcohol abuse. Please don’t think that any human is a lost cause. Sometimes it simply takes the right person, the right words, and the right timing to lift someone back into a life they deserve. So please don’t give up on them, or yourself. Turning my addiction horror into something that will save thousands of lives brings me a great deal of peace and pride. There is no better drug than recovery. To contact Nick, find him on Instagram at @dadinrecovery, and for more information, visit his website at www.help4addiction.co.uk. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing emmie.harrison-west@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : ‘My cocaine addiction put me in £40k of debt – now I earn £10k a month as a life coach helping others’ MORE : Warning signs that someone could be struggling with cocaine addiction MORE : I became addicted to drugs at 13 years old In this exciting new series from Metro.co.uk, What It Feels Like… not only shares one person’s moving story, but also the details and emotions entwined within it, to allow readers a true insight into their life changing experience.