Bruno Fernandes fully expects team-mate Cristiano Ronaldo to remain at Manchester United this summer despite speculation linking the veteran forward with a move away. Both Roma and former club Sporting Lisbon are rumoured to be keen on signing the 37-year-old, while David Beckham’s Inter Miami and even Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly are reported to have held talks with Ronaldo’s agent, Jorge Mendes. The five-time Ballon d’Or winner is thought to be growing impatient with United’s lack of transfer activity so far this summer – they are yet to make a signing – while there are also question marks over his suitability to Erik ten Hag’s system and style of play. But Fernandes says his compatriot has not given any indication that he is thinking about leaving Old Trafford and expects to see him next week for pre-season training. Asked about Ronaldo’s future, Fernandes told reporters in Portugal: ‘Now we’re both on vacation and nobody bothers their friends on vacation. ‘What I hope is that Cristiano will be there [at United’s training ground] with me on Monday. He’s one of those who will come back later because of the national team’s games and I’m not waiting for anything more than that. ‘As far as I know there is nothing more than that, but everyone knows their future. I don’t believe the club is willing to lose a value like Cristiano.’ Fernandes, who was speaking at an event in which he became an ambassador of the Portuguese Teqball Federation, was also asked if he could envisage seeing Ronaldo return to Sporting in the future. He continued: ‘I don’t know, but for the Sporting fans it would be a great moment, almost everyone would like that to happen, but it depends on what Cristiano expects for his future. ‘He has the ambition to continue playing for many years to come and we’ll see what he decides. ‘I think it’s a dream for most Sporting fans to see Cristiano wearing a Sporting shirt playing in Alvalade.’ Ronaldo was United’s top scorer by a significant margin last season, netting 18 Premier League goals in 30 appearances, though he did face a degree of criticism for his lack of mobility and work rate. Nevertheless, he still appears to have a long line of suitors eager to take him off United’s hands with Sporting and Roma the most interested parties, though the Red Devils remain adamant that he is not for sale. United will hope to add some new signings to their ranks in the coming days, with negotiations for Barcelona’s Frenkie de Jong nearing a conclusion while a fee has been agreed for Feyenoord’s Tyrell Malacia. MORE : Sergio Romero wants to rejoin Manchester United in shock transfer MORE : Andreas Pereira speaks out on Manchester United future after Erik ten Hag asks him to stay for pre-season For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 