A family’s decking – dubbed the ‘ugliest in Britain’ – will be torn down after a row with their local council. Jamie Davies, 38, had built the wooden structure in a bid to improve his family’s privacy in their garden. But the family neglected to get planning permission before doing so and were told off by their local council for erecting the ‘unduly dominant feature’. The decking, complete with a large steel frame, towers 16ft over the street below in Blaina, South Wales. It shields the family’s modern detatched garden from public view. Jamie has now lost an appeal for retrospective planning permission, two years after Jamie first applied for back-dated permission for the £6,000 decking and was refused. The 38-year-old, manager of a sports centre, maintained the decking had been put up to give ‘privacy for the children while they play.’ But the region’s county council ruled otherwise and said it would ‘impact upon the street scene.’ Planning officer Joanne White said: ‘The dwelling occupies a corner plot within the estate commonly known as ‘Tanglewood’ in Blaina. ‘The topography is such that Tanglewood Drive rises steeply from west to east. ‘Thus, the adjacent property at Tanglewood Drive is at a significantly lower level than the application site property.’ Ms White said there are ‘other ways’ to increase the usable space of the garden. She added: ‘I do not consider this is a reason in which to allow an unacceptable development.’ Ms White said that planning permission should be refused as it would be ‘an unduly dominant feature’ that has an adverse visual ‘impact upon the street scene.’ Garden decking became popular from the late 1990’s – with makeover show Ground Force getting the blame for the boom. Retailer B&Q reported an increase in sales of the lawn alternative from £5,000 in 1997 to a staggering £16million in 2001. Presenter Alan Titchmarsh apologised for the lawn cover-up – saying at the time: ‘I am sorry, I know it’s everywhere these days.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.