Game of Thrones author George R R Martin has confirmed his involvement in the Jon Snow spin-off series and teased some details about the show. The 73-year-writer has addressed recent reports that a sequel show is being made based on Kit Harington’s character under the working title Snow, although he’s staying relatively tight lipped until an official HBO announcement. ‘Our working title for the show is SNOW,’ he wrote in a blog post on his official website. ‘There’s not much more I can tell you, not until HBO gives me a green light. ‘It seems as though Emilia Clarke has already mentioned that SNOW was Kit’s idea in a recent interview. So that part is out. Yes, it was Kit Harrington who brought the idea to us. ‘I cannot tell you the names of the writers/showrunners, since that has not been cleared for release yet… but Kit brought them in too, his own team, and they are terrific.’ Martin also revealed his own involvement in the show, noting he’s also involved with other planned spin-offs including The Hedge Knight, The Sea Snake and Ten Thousand Ships. ‘Various rumors are floating around about my involvement, or lack of same.   I am involved, just as I am with THE HEDGE KNIGHT and THE SEA SNAKE and TEN THOUSAND SHIPS, and all the animated shows,’ he continued. ‘Kit’s team have visited me here in Santa Fe and worked with me and my own team of brilliant, talented writer/ consultants to hammer out the show.’ He noted while all four ‘successor shows’ have a script, he stressed that ‘nothing has been green lit yet’ when it comes to the four series, but they have ‘second and third drafts’ in the bag. He continued: ‘All four of these successor shows are still in the script stage.   Outlines and treatments have been written and approved, scripts have been written, notes have been given, second and third drafts have been written. ‘So far, that’s all. This is the way television works. Please note: nothing has been green lit yet, and there is no guarantee when or if it will be… on any of these shows. ‘The likelihood of all four series getting on the air… well, I’d love it, but that’s not the way it works, usually.’ His comments come after Emilia Clark – who played the Mother of Dragons, Daenerys Targaryen, in the fantasy series – revealed that Kit himself told her about the upcoming sequel directly, which is claimed will be set after the events of the original show. ‘He has told me about it. And I know it exists. It’s happening,’ she told the BBC. ‘It’s been created by Kit as far as I can understand, so he’s in it from the ground up.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Emilia Clarke confirms Game of Thrones spin-off with Kit Harington as Jon Snow ‘is happening’: ‘He’s told me about it’ MORE : Kit Harington ‘returning as Jon Snow’ for Game of Thrones sequel – yes, really 