Good Morning Britain star Alex Beresford has shared his less than ideal situation this morning, as he joined those on packed trains. Disruption has continued on the trains as, while RMT staff will be back at work today after striking on Tuesday, 40% of planned trains have been cancelled because of the knock on impact of yesterday’s walk out. The presenter, 41, shared the result on his train, showing people packed in and writing: ‘This is not fun on a warm morning.’ It comes after he travelled to Stonehenge for the Summer Solstice, writing on Instagram: ‘It’s the Summer Solstice and our longest day of the year which is why I was allowed special access to Stonehenge which was built 5000 years ago to replicate the movement of the sun and was and still is a place of worship. ‘Today we get 16.5 hours of daylight. #summersoltice #summer #stonehenge.’ Industrial action at Network Rail and 13 major train operators is set to continue on Thursday and Saturday. Union officials will sit down with rail bosses today in an attempt to resolve the pay and conditions dispute amid the biggest strike in decades. While last minute negotiations took place on Monday, they failed to produce a breakthrough. Boris Johnson has also told his cabinet the government must ‘stay the course’ in its showdown with one of Britain’s strongest unions. Downing Street said it would ‘not give in’ after a Treasury minister called on workers to accept lower pay rises in order to help tackle inflation. But a survey of over 2,300 people by Savanta ComRes showed that 58% said the industrial action was justified. Many have been sharing their frustration at the strikes, including former GMB presenter Piers Morgan, who described them as ‘the last thing this country needs’. However, others have been supporting them. Love island star Amy Hart said: ‘Solidarity with all the RMT workers bravely going on strike. A proud trade unionist myself, I applaud you for taking a stand, something I know is always the very last resort. You have one chance to make your voices heard, standing together will always be more powerful! @RMTunion.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Good Morning Britain’s Alex Beresford ‘reports racist online abuse to police’ after onslaught MORE : Even Donald Trump thinks Piers Morgan ‘overreacted’ in clash with GMB’s Alex Beresford: ‘I wouldn’t have attacked the weatherman’ 