Prosecutors who helped bring Ghislaine Maxwell to justice have called for her and Jeffrey Epstein’s other associates, including Prince Andrew, to be investigated. Yesterday a New York judge sentenced Maxwell to 20-years in prison for helping the disgraced financier sexually abuse underage girls between 1994 and 2004. During the hearing, victims described Maxwell as a ‘monster’ and said she had ‘opened the door to hell’. Following her sentencing, lawyers have called for other associates of Epstein and Maxwell to be investigated, including Prince Andrew. Brad Edwards, who helped secure the Duke of York’s sex accuser Virginia Giuffre a £12 million out-of-court settlement, appealed to the FBI not to stop its investigation. Asked about others possibly linked to Maxwell and Epstein, he said: ‘Let’s hope they’re the next target. If we have anything to do with it, they will be.’ He was supported by Spencer Kuvin who represented a number of Epstein and Maxwell’s victims and said Prince Andrew ‘should definitely be concerned’. ‘Obviously, Andrew is one of the targets they will be looking into,’ he told The Mirror. ‘He should definitely be concerned, but.. if he did nothing wrong, then come forward and tell the full story to the FBI, not the media.’ Allegations against Epstein first surfaced in 2005. The FBI and local police had, at the time, amassed evidence of sexual misconduct with many underage girls. But under a deal with federal and state prosecutors in Florida, which was later criticized, Epstein pleaded guilty to prostitution-related charges involving just one girl and served 13 months in prison, much of it in a work-release program. Afterwards, he was required to register as a sex offender. In the years that followed, many women sued Epstein over alleged abuse. One, Virginia Giuffre, claimed that Epstein and Maxwell had also pressured her into sexual trysts with other powerful men, including Prince Andrew. All of those men, including Andrew, denied the allegations, and Ms Giuffre ultimately settled a lawsuit against the Queen’s son out of court. Lawyer Lisa Bloom, who represents several Epstein victims and a witness who claims to have seen Andrew with Ms Giuffre together, told the Mirror: ‘We call upon the FBI to fully investigate Prince Andrew. ‘Virginia Giuffre’s civil case should be just the beginning. Everyone associated with Epstein and Maxwell should be carefully investigated.’ Federal prosecutors in New York revived the case against Epstein after stories by the Miami Herald in 2018 brought new attention to his crimes. He was arrested in 2019, but killed himself a month later. Eleven months after his death, Maxwell was arrested at a New Hampshire estate. Epstein and Maxwell’s associations with some of the world’s most famous people were not a prominent part of her trial, but mentions of friends such as Bill Clinton and Donald Trump showed how the pair exploited their connections to impress their victims. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.