Ever wondered how off-duty models make a basic outfit of a T-shirt and jeans look so cool? Alongside being genetically blessed, it’s in part down to the accessories. Chuck on some dainty jewellery, a claw clip, and the right shoes, and an otherwise boring outfit suddenly feels super stylish. And, of course, you’ll need a bag. But – whisper it – you don’t need to listen to any fashion mags who advise you to drop a load of cash on a designer carry-all. Yes, ‘it bags’ are very much a thing, but these days, you can copy the same aesthetic without paying big bucks. Case in point: one bag trend we’ve seen worn by all sorts of influencers, models, and celebs alike is the animal print bag – and there are a bunch of high-street options that tick off that look without costing a load of cash. The good thing about this trend is that it’s no passing craze. Animal print basically never goes out of style, and the mid-size option lets you skip past the swinging pendulum of whether massive totes or teeny-tiny micro clutches are the thing to be seen in. To save you the work of scouring the web and searching the stores, we’ve pulled together a list of our favourite budget-friendly animal print bags that you can buy right now. Pretty much exact match of Kendall Jenner’s Staud bag, but for a fraction of the price. Buy for £55 from Accessorize This one’s on a massive discount, so move fast. Buy for £8 (down from £29) We’re huge fans of the wavy strap on this. Buy for £32 from ASOS Liven up an all-beige outfit with this neutral-toned option. Buy for £25 from ASOS A timeless look in a trendy 90s shape. Buy for £14 (down from £29) from Urban Outfitters The seller only has one of these – go, go, go! Buy for £32.22 from Etsy We like the little ruched strap on this option. Buy for £11.25 (down from £16) from ASOS A bag that can double as a little cosy cushion when we’re feeling snoozy? Count us in. Buy for £10.99 from Amazon A tad on the pricier side, but bigger, so you can justify it as more bag for your buck. Buy for £119 from Zara Could just about fit a book in here. Buy it for £11 (down from £22) from ASOS This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : In need of a dehumidifier? These are the best ones to buy now MORE : How to nail on-trend festival fashion while being a sustainable shopper MORE : This trending matte liquid lipstick turns to glitter when you rub it