Gemma Owen has made an awkward gaffe after accidentally mixing up the names of Luca Bish, who she is coupled up with, and her ex Jacques O’Neill. Jacques had joined the show as a bombshell – much to Gemma’s shock – and it appears he was on her mind as she called her new beau by his name. In scenes from Tuesday’s show, viewers will see the Islanders gathering after Afia Tonkmor’s exit, before Luca hugs Gemma… and she accidentally calls him Jacques, who is sitting directly next to them. The Freudian slip didn’t go unnoticed by the other contestants, with Amber Beckford pointing out: ‘Did you just call him something else?’ Thankfully appearing to take it in his stride, Luca responded: ‘I know what she said.’ Dami Hope quipped: ‘Oh my god, there is no way that happened, there is no way that happened!’ Paige Thorne, who is now coupled up with Jacques, also gave Gemma a pass, adding: ‘Easy mistake to make, hun.’ After Luca walked off, Gemma asked Paige if it was ‘bad’ that she’d made the mistake, to which Paige responded: ‘That was bad, I am not gonna lie. ‘He was stood there, you had your guy rubbing your shoulders, he’s stood there and you’re like… “Oh Jacques.”’ Gemma then pulls Luca for a chat to discuss the awkward moment, and viewers will have to wait and see whether they can put it behind them and move on from it. Viewers had shared their opinions on Gemma and Jacques’ past relationship due to the couple’s age gap. Gemma is 19 and Jacques is 23, and she had revealed she and Jacques broke up a year and a half ago, and were in a relationship for eight months before their split, meaning she would have been around 16 when they got together while he was 20. Love Island airs weekdays from 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Page first couple to enjoy steamy night in Hideaway MORE : Gemma Owen horrifies Love Island fans by admitting she would ‘lick a horse’s a**e’ for £2,000 – and her reasoning is mind-blowing 