Though in-your-face makeup looks are definitely reigning supreme at the moment – think graphic eyeliner, bold, glittery eyeshadow and extravagant nail art – no-makeup makeup looks aren’t going anywhere. This is evidenced by the recent ‘clean girl aesthetic’ trend on TikTok, which has seen a resurgence of minimal beauty such as glass hair, glass skin and the two-minute makeup look. The latest iteration of this trend comes in the form of ‘gym lips,’ a makeup trend invented by New York City based makeup artist Kelli Anne Sewell, who first shared the look on Instagram. ‘It’s basically an overlined lip I wear to the gym that’s really natural,’ she said in TikTok explaining the trend. ‘The key is to have a lip liner that is your lip colour…and you overline your lips and fill them in. ‘Then you’re going in with a lip treatment, something that will hydrate your lips.’ It’s a simple, two product, super natural makeup look that, despite the name, can be worn anywhere, whether that’s to the corner shop, a movie night or a date. ‘I originally called it gym lips because it was when I was on my way to the gym I’d always throw on a lip,’ Kelli explained in another video. With 170k views on the #gymlips tag on TikTok, it’s safe to say that the trend is taking the internet by storm. Kelli credits the trends popularity to its simplicity – all you need is a lip liner and a lip mask. ‘Gym lips is an overlined lip technique that looks natural, while using only two products,’ says False Eyelashes makeup artist Saffron Hughes. ‘The trend gives a natural, plump lip look with minimal effort.’ Here’s how to do it: And there you have it, the ultimate no-makeup makeup lip look. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Glitter, filler and neon French tips – we’re in a beauty vibe shift and ‘natural’ beauty is dead MORE : MAC Cosmetics unveils Stranger Things collaboration – it’s a modernised take on 80s makeup MORE : ‘Glass hair’ is the clean girl beauty trend promising healthy strands that shine like mirrors