Alec Baldwin’s son Eduardo was rushed to hospital after suffering a ‘very bad allergic reaction’, the actor’s wife Hilaria shared. Luckily, the 20-month-old youngster is on the road to recovery following the ‘scary’ incident and has since been provided with an EpiPen, a medication that can help decrease your body’s allergic reaction. Hilaria took to Instagram to reveal the traumatic experience and posted a picture of herself with Eduardo sitting on her lap. ‘Never a dull moment for us…Edu had a very bad allergic reaction today and I had to give him an EpiPen,’ she penned. ‘I’ve never had to administer it on my own…it was a scary experience. He is ok now and home, but I share with you to remind you that this is a lifesaving tool you may be able to keep around the house. ‘He was in such distress and I believe it may have saved him today. If your doctor thinks you should keep one at home, make sure you know how to use it in advance, because these reactions can come on so strongly and quickly.’ Hilaria continued: ‘I won’t bore you with the long story of rushing him out the door…just leave you with our experience, in case it helps, and our deep gratitude to west end pediatrics, the mount sinai ambulance, and Lennox hill emergency. ‘Fortunately, when I took this photo, he was back to himself and kicking the phone out of my hand🤣…I, on the other hand, was a spent wreck 🥴. Love you all and be safe.’ The terrifying moment comes just days after Alec’s mother Carol died at the age of 92. A family statement posted on the actor’s Instagram page said she died in her home town of Syracuse, New York. Carol was mother to four actors, Alec, Daniel, William, and Stephen, known collectively as the Baldwin brothers. Alec, 64, also shared a short tribute to her ‘accomplishments’ in life. ‘My mother taught me about second acts. And third ones, too,’ he said. ‘She spent the last 25 years of her life as a fighter and a champion for the cause to which she devoted so much energy. ‘We are all enormously proud of her accomplishments.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 