Simon Whitlock has tipped Damon Heta to be the next world champion after the Australian pair beat Wales to win the World Cup of Darts for the first time. The Aussie pair downed tournament favourites Gerwyn Price and Jonny Clayton 3-1 in the final, having picked up impressive wins earlier on Sunday over England in the semis and Belgium in the quarters. Whitlock has been an ever-present since the first PDC World Cup of Darts in 2010, famously losing a nail-biting final to England back in 2012 and he has finally got his hands on the trophy. The Wizard was full of praise for Heta but also had an emotional word for former World Cup partner Kyle Anderson who tragically died last year. ‘I’ve had a great partner, Damo’s been amazing. Great partner, great friend in darts,’ Whitlock told Sky Sports. ‘The crowd have been amazing, they’ve been unbelievable. ‘It’s life-changing, I’ve dreamt about this moment my entire life and I’ve finally got there and to do it with a good pal and a great dart player. ‘I wish I’d done it with Kyle before, but Kyle’s not around anymore and Damon’s taken the responsibility. He’s amazing, I love this guy, he’s the best player on the planet right now.’ He added: ‘I was thinking about Kyle the whole time we played. We miss him, he was a great guy and a great dart player.’ Whitlock even made a bold prediction for Heta, saying: ‘This guy is on fire, he’s going to be the next world champion, I guarantee that.’ Heta added: ‘Absolutely stoked for this guy, stoked for Australia with all the support back home. ‘Everything we sacrifice to be here and it’s in the bag baby!’ The Welsh pair won the title in 2020 and while they were gutted to lose out this time, Price had some kind words for the new champions. ‘We weren’t at our best in the final but Simon and Damon played fantastic,’ said the Iceman. ‘I said to Jonny at the start of the tournament: “That’s the final”. I predicted we would win but I was wrong on that one, but fair play to them.’ The Iceman and the Ferret had looked strong throughout, beating Philippines, Austria, Germany and Netherlands to reach the final. Price averaged 117.88 in a singles win over Germany’s Martin Schindler in the quarters and looked unstoppable, but the Welsh were not at their best in the final. MORE : Michael van Gerwen straight into surgery after Premier League Darts triumph MORE : Darts’ next superstar Luke Humphries on handling pressure, managing anxiety and realising dreams For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 