Sea views, a swimming pool and far reaching countryside – what more could you ask for in a dream property? A luxurious cliff-top home that looks out over the beautiful Lyme Bay in Devon has gone on the market for £2.6million. Currently a successful holiday home, with bookings running up until May next year, the six-bedroom, five-bathroom home is about as pretty as it gets. Situated on the outskirts of Torquay, Devon, which is known for its sandy beaches that follow the aptly nicknamed ‘English Riviera’, the home also features a kitchen/breakfast room, a dining room, a living room, a sitting room, an office, a games room and a bar. The accommodation itself totals 3,221 sq ft spread over three floors and comes with 1.45 acres of grounds, including a small paddock for donkeys, ponies or even alpacas. As well as a swimming pool, there’s also a hot tub, both of which are in a covered complex with gorgeous sea views. The home also features plenty of balconies with sun decks to enjoy the best of the English weather (when you get the chance). Estate agents John Couch said: ‘The current owners have run it as a holiday letting business which has been very successful. ‘Families like it because they can take over the whole thing. ‘It is ideal for large families or family gatherings with six bedrooms, the swimming pool, the lovely views and the sports room. ‘It could be turned back into a permanent home quite nicely, or the new owners could prefer to make the income as it is booked up until May 2023. ‘The property has wonderful views of Lyme Bay which are uninterrupted because the land just drops away and you can see all up the Jurassic Coast. ‘It’s a country setting, but you’re not far from Torquay. ‘When you get there, you would think you’re miles away. ‘It’s so peaceful it feels like you’re in the middle of nowhere.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Stunning views and secret hideaways: Why this bolthole on the Devon coast is the ultimate spot for a much-needed getaway MORE : You can stay in a magical Cornish lighthouse for your next family staycation MORE : London parking space goes on sale for £110,000