Fake T-shirts branded with Dame Deborah James’ trademark ‘rebellious hope’ phrase were available to buy on Amazon on Wednesday, hours after the inspirational fundraiser’s death aged 40. After being diagnosed with stage four bowel cancer in December 2016, the podcast presenter, campaigner and blogger began raising awareness of the disease, raising over £7million for Cancer Research UK. Known as ‘Bowel Babe’ online, Dame Deborah also launched a charity T-shirt in May in partnership with clothing company In The Style, branded with the slogan ‘rebellious hope’, following her announcement that she was receiving hospice care at her family home in Surrey. The official T-shirts retail from £15 to £18, with 100% of the proceeds – a minimum of £7.08 per top bought – going to her Bowelbabe Fund for Cancer Research UK. However, hours after Dame Deborah’s death was announced by her family on Tuesday night in a statement shared on Instagram, multiple counterfeit versions of her charity T-shirt were available to purchase on Amazon, with delivery supported by its Prime service. Multiple listings – well over 20 – showed plain T-shirts in a variety of colours, emblazoned with the words ‘rebellious hope’. The majority favoured round necks and a simple font, just like the real T-shirt, with some even listing ‘Bowelbabe’, ‘In The Style’ and ‘charity’ in their name descriptions. There were even some in navy, listed as ‘for men’, after Dame Deborah had recently added unisex, looser fits to the range at the request of her husband, Sebastien Bowen, who asked for ‘a navy and white version for the blokes’. These fakes were retailing for in the region of £12.50 to £16.99, as sellers attempted to cash in on the legacy of Dame Deborah’s fundraising efforts. The official ‘rebellious hope’ charity T-shirts, which donate all profits to the Bowelbabe Fund, can only be purchased directly through the In The Style website. Shortly after Metro.co.uk contacted Amazon regarding the issue, the T-shirts were removed from its website and the company apologised. An Amazon spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘Like many, we were saddened to hear of Dame Deborah James’ passing. ‘We’re in the process of removing all products that make any suggestion of a link with Dame Deborah James or the related charities and apologise for any distress caused.’ The T-shirts have been a big hit with the British public, and a month after its launch, Dame Deborah celebrated raising £1million through the sales of her T-shirt alone, smashing her initial fundraising goal of £50,000. Figures from Sophie, Countess of Wessex to Gaby Roslin and Andy Murray’s wife Kim have been pictured in the top, lending their support to the cause. Following the news of Dame Deborah’s death, tributes poured in, including from Prime Minister Boris Johnson and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, who praised her as ‘an inspirational and unfalteringly brave woman whose legacy will live on’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dominic Raab pays tribute to ‘inspirational’ Dame Deborah James during PMQs MORE : Gloria Hunniford shares admiration for Dame Deborah James’ ‘energy and attitude’ as she reflects on own daughter’s death from cancer 