A school has started threatening children with exclusion if they forget to bring basic stationery such as a pen, pencil or ruler to class. Millfield High School in Thornton, Lancashire has come under fire from parents after sending a text outlining a ‘three-strike’ rule on basic stationery that would result in a ‘fixed-term exclusion’. The text states that if a pupil forgets basic implements – including two pens, a pencil and a ruler – they face detentions and even being temporarily booted out of class. Millfield High says the rule helps prepare students for the responsibilities of life but the ‘joke’ of a policy has not gone down well with parents who say it is ‘excessive’. Darren Worthington says his daughter earned her first ‘strike’ for having a broken ruler. The incident resulted in Darren receiving the following text: ‘Good afternoon. Your child has attended school today without correct equipment. ‘As per the letter sent before half term, students are expected to arrive with 2x pens, a pencil and a ruler all in their pencil case. ‘They should also ensure they have their timetable. Students who forget their equipment twice in a week will be given a 90 minutes Headteacher’s detention. ‘Failure to bring equipment three times in a week will result in a fixed-term exclusion.’ Infuriated by the message, the dad-of-four took to social media, blasting the school and asking how the punishment helps students to learn. ‘Surely this has to be some form of joke,’ he said. ‘God forbid your child loses a pen, breaks a pencil or snaps a ruler. Possible exclusion! How is this helping the children to learn? Unbelievable. ‘I think a fixed-term exclusion is a bit excessive.’ Darren said when his daughter’s ruler broke she was reportedly not allowed to use one from a box of spares on the table. ‘People forget things, it’s normal, I’m sure you wouldn’t punish your kids if they forgot something twice in a week,’ he continued. ‘I understand that they are trying to teach the children responsibilities, however, the punishment of a fixed-term exclusion just seems excessive.’ Darren said he thought a 90-minute detention was ‘too long’ and he could not see how the policy benefitted children. Others supported Darren’s stance saying that such a policy was ‘extreme’. However, the school has defended its tough stance on stationery. Nicola Regan, the school’s headteacher said: ‘It’s important that students arrive at school with the basic equipment they need for a day of learning. ‘This also helps to prepare them for the responsibilities of life after school, and ensures that lessons are not disrupted as staff spend time providing equipment for a small number of students who have forgotten theirs.’ Ms Regan said when students joined the school their parents or guardians sign a home-school agreement to always send their children to school with the correct equipment. ‘As students arriving unequipped has become more of an issue lately we have sent a letter to parents about this before half term, and the action we would take if students continue to arrive without basic equipment for learning,’ she said. ‘We also offered to buy equipment for any child whose family may struggle financially. ‘As this is the first week after parents received the letter we have provided a pencil case with equipment to a very small number of students who came without theirs and also contacted their parents. ‘We are also in the process of arranging to open a stationery shop at break times, so students can buy spare equipment, to ensure they are ready and fully prepared for the next school day.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 