The war in Ukraine would never have happened if Vladimir Putin was a woman, Boris Johnson has claimed. The prime minister says the onslaught is a ‘perfect example of toxic masculinity’ and has called for more females to be given top roles. His remarks follow one of the Kremlin’s top propagandists’ claims that the British leader is ‘too timid’ to declare war on Russia and has ‘no hint of macho’. Speaking after the G7 summit in Bavaria, Mr Johnson told German broadcaster ZDF: ‘If Putin was a woman, which he obviously isn’t, but if he were, I really don’t think he would’ve embarked on a crazy, macho war of invasion and violence in the way that he has. ‘If you want a perfect example of toxic masculinity, it’s what he’s doing in Ukraine.’ It comes as footage is released showing the moment Russian missiles destroyed a shopping centre in central Ukraine, taking at least 18 lives. The attack in Kremenchuk has been named ‘utter barbarism’ – as Putin steps up a barrage of fire across the rest of the country, including in the capital Kyiv. Mr Johnson has argued that ‘you need more women in positions of power’ to avoid similar tragedies. The Tory leader has six women in his 22-strong Cabinet, while there is just one woman at the G7 top table — European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen. Mr Johnson has described the G7 summit in Germany – which focused heavily on Ukraine – as ‘incredible’ as world leaders ‘got closer and closer’. But he has warned the violent conflict is destined to continue as there is ‘no deal available’ between Putin and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. ‘The logic is yes of course people all want the war to end, they want the war to end desperately, but there’s no deal available’, he said. ‘Putin isn’t making an offer of a deal, (Ukrainian President Volodymyr) Zelensky can’t make an offer of a deal.’ The PM added that the West must support Kyiv in its military strategy to help change the dynamic of the conflict. The UK will help Mr Zelensky get ‘in the best possible position to talk if and when talks eventually come’, he promised. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.