Amber Heard is planning to appeal the verdict of her defamation trial against Johnny Depp, after the Pirates of the Caribbean actor won. The jury decided that Depp – who was not in court – would be awarded $10million (£8million) in compensatary damages and a further $5million (£4million) in punitive damages. Heard, 36, won one of her three defamation countersuit claims against Depp, 58, and was awarded $2million (£1.6million). She had her head bowed in court as she listened to the jury verdict come in. Metro.co.uk understands that Heard now intends to appeal the decision. In a statement after the court hearing, Heard said: ‘The disappointment I feel today is beyond words. ‘I’m heartbroken that the mountain of evidence still was not enough to stand up to the disproportionate power, influence, and sway of my ex-husband. ‘I’m even more disappointed with what this verdict means for other women. It is a setback. ‘It sets back the clock to a time when a woman who spoke up and spoke out could be publicly shamed and humiliated. ‘It sets back the idea that violence against women is to be taken seriously. ‘I believe Johnny’s attorneys succeeded in getting the jury to overlook the key issue of Freedom of Speech and ignore evidence that was so conclusive that we won in the UK. ‘I’m sad I lost this case. But I am sadder still that I seem to have lost a right I thought I had as an American – to speak freely and openly.’ Depp, who is thought to be remaining in the UK for now to continue with Jeff Beck on his tour, added in a separate statement: ‘Six years ago, my life, the life of my children, the lives of those closest to me, and also, the lives of the people who for many, many years have supported and believed in me were forever changed. ‘All in the blink of an eye. False, very serious and criminal allegations were levied at me via the media, which triggered an endless barrage of hateful content, although no charges were ever brought against me. ‘It had already traveled around the world twice within a nanosecond and it had a seismic impact on my life and my career. And six years later, the jury gave me my life back. I am truly humbled. ‘My decision to pursue this case, knowing very well the height of the legal hurdles that I would be facing and the inevitable, worldwide spectacle into my life, was only made after considerable thought. ‘From the very beginning, the goal of bringing this case was to reveal the truth, regardless of the outcome.’ ‘Speaking the truth was something that I owed to my children and to all those who have remained steadfast in their support of me. I feel at peace knowing I have finally accomplished that,’ he continued. ‘I am, and have been, overwhelmed by the outpouring of love and the colossal support and kindness from around the world. I hope that my quest to have the truth be told will have helped others, men or women, who have found themselves in my situation, and that those supporting them never give up. ‘I also hope that the position will now return to innocent until proven guilty, both within the courts and in the media. ‘I wish to acknowledge the noble work of the Judge, the jurors, the court staff and the Sheriffs who have sacrificed their own time to get to this point, and to my diligent and unwavering legal team who did an extraordinary job in helping me to share the truth. ‘The best is yet to come and a new chapter has finally begun. Veritas numquam perit. Truth never perishes.’ After the verdict, Depp was seen celebrating in a pub with musicians Beck and Sam Fender. Depp sued his ex-wife for $50million (£40million) over an op-ed she wrote in 2018, about her experiences with domestic violence. While Depp was not named in the Washington Post article, his team argued that it implied he was sexually and physically abusive over the course of their relationship – something he has firmly denied. The Aquaman actress later countersued, seeking $100million (£80million) in damages and claiming that he libelled her by calling her a liar. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Amber Heard and Johnny Depp for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp hired legal consultant for Amber Heard case after seeing her on Netflix documentary Making A Murderer MORE : How much will Johnny Depp actually get in damages after winning libel trial against Amber Heard? 