Jesse Lingard’s return to West Ham is reportedly getting closer after the club held further talks with the player who is set to leave Manchester United. The attacking midfielder’s United contract expires on 1st July and David Moyes is keen to reunite with the player who enjoyed a tremendous loan spell at the London Stadium in 2021. In just 16 games for West Ham, Lingard scored nine and assisted five and while the Irons had another great season last time out, finishing seventh in Premier League and reaching the Europa League semi-finals, they certainly missed the goal-threat of Lingard as the campaign wore on. Lingard meanwhile returned to Old Trafford but despite his reinvigorated form, was unable to force his way back into the first team, with both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and his successor Ralf Rangnick not fancying the player. The 29-year-old was linked with a return to West Ham as well as Newcastle in January, but no deal was made, and he is now set to leave United on a free after a 22-year association with the Red Devils. Multiple reports suggest that the long-awaited move is closer than ever before as Moyes looks to build upon the club’s success in recent years. The Irons have already signed defender Nayef Aguerd from Rennes for £30million and are very close to securing goalkeeper Alphonse Areola on a permanent deal from Paris Saint-Germain, after the World Cup winner spent last season on loan in East London. Reports also suggest that Chelsea striker Armando Broja is high on West Ham’s shortlist after the 20-year-old impressed out on loan at Southampton last season, while Saints captain James Ward-Prowse is also a target but will surely be out of the Irons’ price range. As well as Lingard, United have let a number of players go this summer including Edinson Cavani, Juan Mata, Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic. MORE : Sporting Lison interested in bringing Cristiano Ronaldo back from Manchester United MORE : Christian Eriksen ‘attracted’ by prospect of playing with Frenkie de Jong at Manchester United For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 