It’s very hot outside. With the UK heatwave in full swing, we’re all finding ways to cool off after enjoying the sunshine. Food and drink is a great way to stay refreshed and comfortable when temperatures climb – whether it’s with a nice chilled drink or a fruity sorbet. We’ve rounded up some refreshing recipes to try if you’re struggling to handle the heat. So take note, as these could come in handy over the summer months. And be sure to check out our easy summer lunch recipes, too. This recipe, which serves 10, is from Will Bowlby – the chef patron at Kricket. He says: ‘Lassi comes mainly in two varieties: sweet and salted. This fruity, mango version is the sweet kind, and is slightly spiced with cumin, peppercorns and saffron, for added flavour.’ Ingredients: To serve: Method: 1. To make the lassi, add the mango pulp, water and yoghurt to a large bowl and whisk until it becomes a smooth, thick consistency. You may need to use a hand blender to do this. 2. Add the cumin, pink peppercorns and salt, and stir again. Cover and leave in fridge to cool. 3. Serve in a tall glass with a few ice cubes. Garnish with finely diced mango, mint and a pinch of saffron. This recipe is from Tommy Banks, chef patron of The Black Swan and Roots, and serves 4-6. It could be a great option for lunchtime, if you’re bored of the same old sandwiches and soups. Ingredients: To serve Method: 1. Add beetroot, cherry tomatoes, red pepper, cucumber, onion and garlic into a bowl and sprinkle over salt. Allow to marinate at room temperature for 2 hours. 2. Meanwhile place bread in a bowl of water and leave to soak for half an hour. 3. Working in batches, combine all the ingredients into a food processor and blitz. Slowly add the olive oil and blitz until smooth. 4. Transfer to a bowl, add vinegar and seasoning to taste. If needed, add cold water until you achieve a smoothie-like consistency. 5. Chill for 20 minutes, or until ready to serve. Serve with slices of mozzarella, toasted pumpkin seeds and a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil. Cool off with this fruity sorbet recipe from Lucy Carr-Ellison and Jemima Jones, the co-founders of Wild by Tart. Ingredients: Method: 1. Combine the water and sugar in a medium-sized saucepan. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Simmer for five minutes, without stirring. Remove the syrup from the heat, pour it into a bowl, and set in the refrigerator to cool. 2. Place the strawberries and citrus juice in a food processor, and purée until completely smooth. 3. Press the purée through a fine-mesh strainer, to remove the seeds. 4. Combine the seedless purée with the corn syrup and sugar syrup. Chill for one hour, or until refrigerator-cold. 5. Make the sorbet according to the manufacturer’s directions for your ice cream maker. The finished sorbet will be fairly soft so put in the freezer for a couple of hours to firm up, if desired. 6. Serve with champagne for the ultimate treat. These peach smoothie lollies can be made for less than £2, with tinned peaches and Greek yoghurt. The below recipe comes from Princes Fruit. Ingredients: Method: 1. Drain the can of peach slices, then tip them into a blender and add the yoghurt. Blend for about 15-20 seconds until smooth. 2. Pour the mixture into a jug, then fill approximately eight ice lolly moulds with the mixture. 3. Transfer to the freezer and freeze until sold – this takes about 3-4 hours, or leave overnight. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Easy summer recipes to jazz up boring lunches MORE : Kid-friendly recipes: How to make blackberry freezecake pops MORE : Kid-friendly recipes: Three-ingredient pineapple puff pastry flowers that are perfect for picnics