Sharon Osbourne has aired her support for ‘gentle soul’ Johnny Depp after he won his multimillion-dollar US defamation lawsuit against former wife Amber Heard. Mr Depp was awarded compensatory damages of $10million (£8million) and a further $5million (£4million) in punitive damages after suing the Aquaman star for $50million over a 2018 op-ed she wrote in the Washington Post, titled: ‘I spoke up against sexual violence — and faced our culture’s wrath. That has to change.’ The Talk’s Sharon gave Piers Morgan Uncensored her immediate reaction to the trial a day after spending the evening with the actor at the Royal Albert Hall. ‘Wow, it wasn’t what I was expecting,’ she started. ‘I mean, I wanted Johnny to win but I didn’t expect him to.’ Sharon insisted that Johnny is a ‘good human being’ and a ‘gentle soul’, sharing one example of a private moment he recently had. ‘I can tell you last night, he spent about 45 minutes in his dressing room on his knees, talking to this little girl that was reading her diary to him,’ she claimed. ‘Now, I don’t know many guys that would sit back and do that. ‘There weren’t any cameras around there were no film crews. He did it because he’s a gentle soul. He wanted this little girl to read the diary for him and she did. ‘She must have been all of eight years of age. And the thing is, he is a gentle soul but we know what alcohol and drugs do when you mix them together, they change you. ‘Sometimes, I suppose, he lost his rag, but as a human being he’s a good human being.’ Sharon did express that she believes Amber and Johnny’s relationship was ‘toxic’. ‘For me, I related to it so much and I know alcoholic behaviour inside out and backwards… but they were both abusive, both very, very abusive to each other,’ she continued. ‘At any time she could have left. She wasn’t a little wall flower, she was a mover and shaker in town.’ Sharon went on to claim that Amber wanted to ‘destroy’ Johnny. ‘The world really did want him to win and he’s won and that’s it,’ she said. ‘She could have backed out somehow, she could have got to him, there could have been something to save it going on. ‘Because he wouldn’t have gone this far, if she didn’t push and push and push… she wanted to destroy him.’ Johnny has said he feels ‘at peace’ after winning his lawsuit. In his statement, issued through his spokesperson, the actor said his decision to pursue the case ‘was only made after considerable thought’ and his goal had been to ‘reveal the truth, regardless of the outcome’. ‘Six years ago, my life, the life of my children, the lives of those closest to me, and also, the lives of the people who for many, many years have supported and believed in me were forever changed,’ he said. ‘All in the blink of an eye. ‘False, very serious and criminal allegations were levied at me via the media, which triggered an endless barrage of hateful content, although no charges were ever brought against me. ‘It had already travelled around the world twice within a nanosecond and it had a seismic impact on my life and my career. ‘And six years later, the jury gave me my life back. I am truly humbled.’ He continued: ‘Speaking the truth was something that I owed to my children and to all those who have remained steadfast in their support of me. ‘I feel at peace knowing I have finally accomplished that.’ Johnny said he had been ‘overwhelmed by the outpouring of love and the colossal support and kindness from around the world,’ adding: ‘I hope that my quest to have the truth be told will have helped others, men or women, who have found themselves in my situation, and that those supporting them never give up.’ Concluding the statement, he added: ‘The best is yet to come and a new chapter has finally begun. Veritas numquam perit. Truth never perishes.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 