The prime minister has described today’s landmark ruling in the US ending guaranteed abortion provision in all states as a ‘big step backwards’. Speaking at a press conference on a visit to Rwanda today, Boris Johnson said: ‘I have always believed in a woman’s right to choose and I stick to that view, that’s why the UK has the laws that it does.’ He said the government here ‘recently took steps’ to ensure abortion provision was enforced throughout the UK, including in Northern Ireland which historically has had restrictive laws. The US Supreme Court today ended constitutional protections for abortion that have been in place for nearly 50 years by deciding to overturn the landmark Roe v Wade ruling. It is expected to lead to abortion bans in roughly half of US states. Some UK groups have already criticised the ruling, with the British Pregnancy Advisory Service (Bpas) – the UK’s leading abortion provider – saying it is ‘appalled’. The government had been called on to publicly condemn the move. Chief executive Clare Murphy said: ‘Banning abortion does not remove women’s need to end a pregnancy. It simply makes it more difficult and more dangerous. ‘We are calling on the UK Government to publicly condemn this assault on women’s human rights, and make clear on the international stage that removing women’s access to swift, safe abortion services has absolutely no place in any society that calls itself civilised in the 21st century. ‘For our politicians to watch silently as women’s rights are rolled back would be unforgiveable. We urge the Government to show leadership as a matter of urgency.’ The court ruled in favour of the state of Mississippi in the case of Dobbs v. Jackson Women’s Health Organization, allowing the state to ban most abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy, and effectively striking down the 1973 ruling that legalised abortion nationwide. In the final opinion issued today, Justice Samuel Alito wrote: ‘The Constitution makes no reference to abortion, and no such right is implicitly protected by constitutional provision.’ In a joint dissenting opinion, Justices Stephen Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan criticised the majority, writing: ‘With sorrow — for this Court, but more, for the many millions of American women who have today lost a fundamental constitutional protection — we dissent.’ Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon also spoke out against the ruling, tweeting: ‘One of the darkest days for women’s rights in my lifetime. ‘Obviously the immediate consequences will be suffered by women in the US – but this will embolden anti-abortion and anti-women forces in other countries too. Solidarity doesn’t feel enough right now – but it is necessary.’ Nimco Ali, the Government’s independent adviser on tackling violence against women and girls, called the decision ‘an assault on women’s human rights, their lives and their families’. She tweeted: ‘The UK Government and other #G7 cannot remain silent as women’s human rights are breached.’ The Women’s Equality Party tweeted: ‘Make no mistake. Women will die because of this ruling, and tens of thousands more will be criminalised or forced to continue with pregnancies they did not choose. ‘It is barbaric, inhumane and utterly heartbreaking. Solidarity with our sisters.’ The party and the campaign group Abortion Rights were calling for people to join them in protest at the decision outside the US embassy in Vauxhall, south London, on Friday evening. Mayor of London Sadiq Khan posted on Twitter: ‘London stands with the women of America whose most basic rights and freedoms are threatened by this ruling. ‘A dark day for a great country.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.