Squid Game might be one of the biggest shows ever to land on Netflix, but some fans think the series should be left alone after it was confirmed season 2 is officially now on the way. Squid Game dropped on the streaming service last autumn, saw its characters face off in a range of deadly children’s games to compete for a massive cash prize, and soon became an international phenomenon after. Ever since, fans of the South Korean survival drama series have been desperate to get proper confirmation on a second season. On Sunday evening, they finally got the news they’d been waiting for, as Netflix revealed there would be more to come. Tweeting an unsurprisingly creepy update with the help of one of the show’s signature dolls, the text read: ‘Greenlight! Squid Game continues, only on Netflix.’ However, some fans weren’t sure it was the right decision to go ahead and make new episodes of the series, after many felt it was a one-season type show. Responding to the news on the social media site, one fan said: ‘Probably going to be boring though, it’s a 1 season thing, with another agreeing: ‘Completely unnecessary.’ ‘Looking forward to this but at the same time I’m not sure how they can make season 2 as good as the first,’ someone else added. A fan commented: ’ There are certain things that should be left imo, especially when the first is so incredible. This is a perfect example of one, Joker 2 is another.’ ‘What’s the problem with leaving a good, original series as it is,’ noted a viewer. Luckily, many fans were buzzing for the announcement there is more set to come from the dystopian thriller. One wrote: ‘Whattt Squid game S2 is cominggg!’ Someone else posted: ’S**T. HERE WE GO AGAIN,’ with a third adding: ‘Oh I’m so excited.’ Director and creator Hwang Dong-hyuk also posted a message to fans upon the announcement, titled: ‘A whole new round is coming.’ The statement read: It took 12 years to bring the first season of Squid Game to life last year, but it took 12 days for Squid Game to become the most popular Netflix series ever. As a writer, director and producer of Squid Game, a huge shout out to fans around the world. Thank you for watching and loving our show. And now, Gi-hun returns, the Front Man returned, season 2 is coming. The man in the suit with ddakji might be back. You’ll also be introduced to Young-hee’s boyfriend, Cheol-su. Join us once more for a whole new round. It comes just weeks after Dong-hyuk shared an update on season 2 of the Netflix hit series. Dong-hyuk revealed that discussions with the streaming giant about the second season were ongoing, while adding: ‘Humanity is going to be put to a test through those games once again.’ He added to Vanity Fair: ‘I want to ask the question, “Is true solidarity between humans possible?”‘ Last September, viewers watched the violence unfold in their droves when the nine-part series first dropped. More than 100 million Netflix users tuned in during its first 28 days on the streaming platform, smashing previous records. Squid Game can be streamed in full on Netflix now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Obi-Wan Kenobi’s Hayden Christensen ‘saddened’ by Moses Ingram racist abuse: ‘I hope by the end of the series, people are coming around’ MORE : Robert Pattinson fans confused after new song secretly released under actor’s name 