This 11-month-old boy has better hair than you. Naayil Aktar was born with a full head of black hair – so thick and luscious people often think he’s wearing a wig. At two weeks old, he had his locks shaved off – in-keeping with Islamic tradition – but it’s now grown back impressively fast. His mum, 24-year-old Jina Aktar, is constantly asked if Naayil’s hair is real and told he looks like a ‘Disney baby.’ All Jina does to her boy’s hair is use baby shampoo and lets his locks dry naturally. The stay-at-home mum and cake maker, from Washington, said: ‘People always ask if Naayil’s hair is a wig. ‘They’ve even asked if I blow dry it or use any special products. But his hair is just naturally silky and thick – like his dad’s. ‘In our Islamic culture it’s a tradition to shave a baby’s hair at two weeks – so it’s all growth since then. ‘I would kill for the hair all the men in my family have.’ The family even have to tie the little one’s hair in a ponytail so he can see – and, in a couple of months, they think it’ll be long enough to put in a bun. Naayil was even born with a full head of hair already grown through. ‘He was gorgeous and had his father’s genes with his full head of thick hair,’ Jina adds. The mum said her eldest son, three-year-old Ayaan, was also born with the thick hair genes – taking after their software engineer dad, 31-year-old Asif. Naayil’s hair has got Jina’s social media followers envious – as many can’t believe what they see. ‘I don’t think they can believe it is actually his hair,’ she explains. ‘Some days it curls up, other days it dries dead straight and silky.’ Jina is reluctant to cut Naayil’s hair but plans on giving it a trim for his first birthday – so it doesn’t cover his eyes. ‘I joke that he took my hair at birth,’ Jina added. ‘But I’ve always had thin hair. ‘He doesn’t know how lucky he is.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘My arthritis is so bad it made my hair fall out and toenails fall off’ MORE : ‘Mushroom brown’ hair is the latest low-maintenance colour trend – this is everything to know MORE : The best ways to protect your scalp and hair in the sun