Love Island viewers are fuming after two more Black contestants were dumped from the villa, making a total of three in one week. Tuesday night’s episode began with Ikenna Ekwonna and Amber Beckford being told they had received the fewest public votes and therefore had to pack their bags after two weeks. It came just days after Remi Lambert also lost a public vote and had to exit the villa, while Afia Tonkmor left last week, leaving Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack as the remaining Black islanders. Danica Taylor, who entered on Friday as the new bombshell, is half Jamaican and half white. Viewers immediately noticed the diminishing numbers of Black contestants in the space of a week, and reacted in their droves. ‘British public getting rid of 50% of the black cast in one move? Sounds about white to me,’ one tweeted. Another demanded: ‘ITV kicking two black ppl off like that… I WANT A REVOTE.’ Referring to the diversity problems that have long-plagued Love Island, one viewer added: ‘You have a Black representation issue again [please] fixxxx ittttt in Jesus name. Thats [sic] three in two nights.’ ‘Loveisland just eliminated 50% of their black cast,’ one stated bluntly. An unimpressed viewer noted: ‘We went from having 5 black people to 2 in the space of a week.’ Rushing to protect Dami and Indiyah, another weighed in: ‘Guys! There are only two black people left in the villa now. We have to ride with them until the end!’ There is a silver lining in Amber and Ikenna leaving for Dami and Indiyah, as they are now free to crack on with each other after admitting they fancied each other in last night’s episode. Indiyah, who was coupled up with Ikenna before recently deciding to be friends, did take time to mourn her former love, saying: ‘I literally am shocked, I don’t know how to feel.’ She then became emotional and said through tears: ‘I’ve already sent someone home, and then two people that I’m really close with…’ It was in reference to Remi, who was interested in exploring a romantic connection with her, but Indiyah chose to stay coupled up with Ikenna meaning the aspiring rapper was sent home. Love Island airs nightly at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island stars Ikenna Ekwonna and Amber Beckford dumped from villa after brutal public vote sparking tears from islanders MORE : Love Island spoiler: Davide Sanclimenti cracks on with Danica Taylor and actually declares ‘I tick all the boxes but I’m still single’ 