Love Island 2022 made history with their first Deaf contestant this year and viewers have already taken Tasha Ghouri to their hearts. The new series of the hit ITV2 dating show got off to a bang tonight, with a new cast of boys and girls entering the villa in the hopes of finding love and winning a share of that £50k prize fund. In a Love Island first, the singletons’ fate was in the hands of the public, as they got to decide who coupled up with who – with Tasha pairing up with Andrew Le Page. Fans can’t wait to see how a potential romance plays out between the two but one thing’s for sure – Tasha is already inspiring other members of the Deaf community. She was praised by viewers at home for being open with her fellow islanders about her disability, when she called a group meeting to share that she wears a cochlear implant. Her fellow contestants were super kind, saying they are ‘all here to support her no matter what she’s going through’, with another telling Tasha: ‘We love you and your superpowers.’ Tasha – who has been Deaf since birth – won’t require additional support for her hearing difficulties while on the show, and her implant provides a sensation of hearing to people who have permanent, severe to profound deafness, and cannot hear the full range of speech sounds with standard hearing aids. Taking to Twitter to share how happy they are to have Deaf representation on the show, one fan wrote: ‘Big up #Tasha for deaf representation on ITV (finally a small start)’. ‘Deaf representation on TV, we love to see that’, said another. One viewer tweeted that ‘deaf representation on love island makes me happy’, with a follower replying: ‘bless her, proud of her for being so open about it :)’. Viewers are also hoping Tasha’s appearance on the show will open up conversations around deafness and offer education to those who aren’t aware. ‘People watching #LoveIsland thinking Tasha can’t be deaf cause she can speak and have a conversation orrrr worse “doesn’t look deaf.” If nothing else, I hope this series is gonna be educational for you guys’, one Twitter user wrote. Despite how pleased people are about seeing themselves on screen, there have also been complaints about the lack of subtitles in the first episode of the series, with several viewers claiming they were not available while watching live on ITV Hub. ‘How is there a deaf contestant but still no subtitles’, one wrote, while another asked: ‘So they have a deaf girl on Love Island but when will @itv give us deaf people live subtitles???’ Love Island 2022 is now well and truly underway, with Iain Stirling back with his comedic voiceovers and wife Laura Whitmore strutting her stuff in slo mo to drop all the bombshells into the villa. And that first bombshell was Davide, who has already been labelled the ‘Italian Stallion’ and is sure to cause disruption tomorrow when he chooses a taken girl to couple up with. Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island episode 1 recap: Michael Owen’s daughter Gemma resists major name drop (for now) and Luca ruins oysters forever MORE : Love Island 2022: Michael Owen’s ‘rude’ daughter Gemma slammed after awkward Luca Bish moment 