Chilling new bodycam footage shows the moment Logan Mwangi’s killers acted with disbelief and distress after being arrested for his murder. The five-year-old’s body was found dumped in a river ‘like fly-tipped rubbish’ on July 31 last year, with catastrophic injuries akin to a ‘severe car crash’. Logan’s stepdad John Cole and mum Angharad Williamson were caged for life for murder today alongside his teenage stepbrother Craig Mulligan, who was finally unmasked after a judge lifted an anonymity order. The court heard the 14-year-old had previously been under the care of foster parents, who described him as ‘pure evil’ and ‘a monster’ who had made repeated threats to kill little Logan. Nevertheless he was allowed to move into the family home in Bridgend, South Wales, and Logan was dead five days later in what prosecutors said ‘was no coincidence’. Now, shocking new footage shows the shameless arrogance of the teenager, who can be heard telling police to ‘f**k off’ when they arrived at the house to arrest the trio. In the video, barefoot Mulligan, dressed in a Marvel t-shirt and black trousers, calmly tells his stepmother he’s ‘under arrest’ and she yells back: ‘Just do as you’re told please… ‘you’ve done nothing wrong’. He replied ‘I know’ then tells officers to ‘get the f*** out’ of his room, adding: ‘I’m not messing.’ He also told officers to tell his stepmother to ‘f***’ off and accused her of lying to shift all the blame onto him and Cole. The new footage has been released by South Wales Police ahead of a documentary into the investigation which airs this evening. The ITV programme, The Murder of Logan Mwangi, provides unprecedented access to South Wales Police homicide detectives and the never-before-seen police interview footage of Logan’s killers. It details the chronological order of events, from the first 999 call claiming Logan was missing to the harrowing court case. In the footage of the arrests, police can first be approaching Cole. ‘I’m arresting you on suspicion of the murder of Logan,’ an officer tells him, to which the stepdad replies: ‘What!?’ An officer then tells Williamson ‘we’re going to arrest you as well’, causing her to break down in tears. ‘Why am I being arrested?’ she cries, adding: ‘Tell me now what happened to my son!’ As she is driven away by police, Williamson says: ‘We need to help find out what happened to Logan. ‘I’ve just lost my son and now this. You’re tearing my heart apart.’ The court heard that although Williamson acted clueless about what happened to Logan, she ‘stood by and did nothing’ while Mulligan and Cole inflicted fatal blows on the little boy. Then in a ‘final act of callousness’, all three of them tried to cover up his death as an accident. Logan, a previously ‘smiling, cheerful little boy’, was discovered in the River Ogmore in Pandy Park on the morning of July 31 2021. Police found him partially submerged, wearing dinosaur pyjama bottoms and a Spider-Man top just 250 metres from his home. The youngster had suffered 56 external cuts and bruises, and ‘catastrophic’ internal injuries, which were likened to a high-speed road accident. In the months and weeks leading up to his death, Logan had been ‘dehumanised’ by his family, prosecutors said. His stammer is said to have worsened, becoming particularly bad around Cole, and he wet himself more frequently and began self-harming. Friends of the couple said Cole told them he did not like Logan, and others said his attitude changed after becoming obsessed with the idea that Williamson had cheated with Logan’s father Ben Mwangi. After Williamson gave birth to his own child, Cole was reluctant to let Logan see the baby and later claimed the boy had tried to smother the infant. Medics made a safeguarding referral to the police after Logan suffered a broken arm in August 2020, which it emerged in court was caused by Mulligan pushing him down the stairs. By March, due to concerns over Cole’s behaviour, Logan and his younger sibling had been assigned their own social worker. But in June, a month before Logan died, the family were removed from the child protection register, meaning it was believed there was no longer a risk of significant harm. A social services investigation is now under way into the circumstances of Logan’s death as Mulligan had only returned to the care of Cole just five days before the murder. Speaking to ITV for their documentary, Logan’s biological father said his boy visits him in ‘reoccurring nightmares’. He said he was stopped from seeing Logan and was not told social services were investigating his welfare before his death. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.  