Prince William would have ‘cut Prince Andrew loose’ a long time ago if the choice was up to him and not the Queen, a report says. Like his dad Prince Charles, the Duke of Cambridge also believes a slimmed-down Royal Family is the best way to ensure its survival. Now, according to royal insiders, his disgraced uncle is set to play no part in its future when William becomes King. Andrew’s high-profile sex abuse case resulted in an out-of-court settlement with his accuser Virginia Giuffre. While this is not an admission of guilt, the allegations and his friendships with Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell will stand as a stain on his reputation, and that of the monarchy in the eyes of the public. ‘He [William] feels very strongly about this and if it had been up to him he would have pushed for things to have happened a lot faster than they did,’ a friend told the Mail on Sunday. ‘He has strong views on the Duke of York and believes his insistence in trying to cling on to a public role is highly dangerous for the institution.’ The source added William just wishes Andrew would ‘vanish’ from public view. This comes after it was revealed Andrew is allegedly refusing to socialise with Charles and his nephew after they blocked his royal comeback when he was banned from attending public parts of the Knights of the Garter ceremony last week. He was also planning on going to Royal Ascot this week, but is believed to have pulled out after the Queen agreed it was for the best amid fears of a public backlash. Looking ahead, William’s rule might look a lot different to what Britain is used to and perhaps he will not follow in his grandmother’s footsteps when it comes to Andrew. There is also much speculation whether the future King intends to follow Her Majesty’s ‘never complain, never explain’ mantra. ‘The Queen’s approach has worked very well for her during a more deferential age, with different forms of communication,’ a former royal adviser said. ‘But what William is working out is how to take the best of what his grandmother has done and make it relevant today. And he believes the monarchy needs to better explain its own thinking, particularly in terms of its place in the world.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Prince Andrew’s team and Buckingham Palace for a comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.