Dottie was just 20 when she decided to ditch renting, buy a boat and live on the water with her boyfriend Tristan and nine month old puppy, Teddy. Living in a rundown one-bedroom cottage with her boyfriend, their landlord gave them three months notice as they wanted to sell the house after they had transformed the place. Shocked by the unexpected eviction, Dottie and her boyfriend Tristan decided to take an unconventional approach to modern-day living and opted to ditch renting for good in September 2021. Stepping into the unknown, the outcome turned out being more ‘perfect’ and ‘rewarding’ than they could have ever imagined. Now at 21 and with a dedicated following on TikTok and Instagram, Dottie runs the accounts named @tanglewoodandtwo, where she documents her life on her 25-year-old boat. Speaking to Metro.co.uk Dottie opened up about her decision to give up life as she knew it and move into Tanglewood, her narrowboat. With her monthly costs down around 50%, keep reading and take a look around Tanglewood. Last summer, Dottie and her boyfriend were renting a one-bedroom cottage in Cambridgeshire. ‘It was pretty run down when we were moved there, but within six months we had completely transformed the place,’ she tells us. Because of how much they had changed the place and in turn given the property a new lease of life, the landlord decided to sell it – giving them three months notice to move. She explained that when mulling over their options, she discovered that both she and her boyfriend loved characterful homes, but didn’t have a large enough deposit to buy one. Not keen on new-builds either, they decided not to use the help to buy scheme. Having a realisation, something set the wheels – or paddles – in motion. ‘At that time, I’d always known I’d love to live on a narrowboat, but never thought four months later I’d be there,’ she says. Broaching the topic of moving onto a boat had ‘always been pretty hard,’ she explains. ‘We’ve had a lot of, “Why would you?”s as we were complete novices, but equally close family and friends have always been supportive.’ Since moving into the boat, she has documented the process on social media – with one question often popping up more than any other. The most asked question posed to Dottie is about the cost of living on her boat, and whether it’s cheaper than renting. ‘It is cheaper: yes, especially now with cost of living, but you will always need a little more money for maintenance as things go wrong a lot more often than a house. ‘We’ve also renovated the boat and so have put quite a lot of money into doing it up.’ On top of regular costs to run her narrowboat, Dottie has had to renovate it too, and admits that there is still a long way to go. ‘We’ve completely transformed the kitchen and living room, with a lot of colour, and we’re now starting to add our on touches onto our home. ‘We’ve put down new flooring and have recently just finished turning our little outside area into a garden with fake grass and chairs.’ She explained how renovating their bathroom is next on the list, and then they plan on doing up their bedroom before tackling the exterior. Planning to paint some of the outside of Tanglewood, Dottie was quoted £10,000 by a tradesperson, so she will do it herself instead. As one would expect, living on the water is far different to living on land – and although picturesque and idyllic, it does come with its own problems. ‘A boat is much more manual,’ Dottie notes, before detailing what it’s like to run Tanglewood. ‘We have to refill our water tank to get fresh water in our taps once a month, top up our smart card for electric, re-fill our diesel etc. ‘There’s also a lot more things that can go wrong with boats – since we moved in October, we’ve had a 200 litre water leak. Twice. Our heating broke, which also meant no hot water.’ Although Dottie explained to us how things can go wrong and you must be prepared, she has found that she appreciates the smaller things in life since living on her boat. ‘What I would say about living on water is that it makes you appreciate the smaller things in life,’ she adds. ‘Although there’s more maintenance, it’s a much more slower way of living. ‘And the people! The people are lovely, and there’s such a sense of community in our marina – they’d do anything for anyone.’ When asked whether she would recommend living in a narrowboat to the average renter, Dottie was quick to say how she knows her lifestyle isn’t for everyone. ‘But honestly, if you love adventure and nature, it’s perfect,’ she says. Explaining how it can be very ‘rewarding’ to live on a narrowboat, Dottie doesn’t see this as a ‘forever thing’. She reckons her boat will be worth ‘a lot more’ than what she bought it for in five years time due to the sheer demand they are in at the moment. ‘It’s definitely a now thing,’ she affirmed to us. ‘I’d eventually like to put it on AirBnB to allow people to have a taster before jumping in at the deep end and buying a boat.’ When asked whether she would use the money saved by living on a boat for a morgatage in the future, the jury was out but Dottie seemed adamant that life on the water was still on the horizon. ‘There are also some incredible wide beam boats out there which are pretty much houses on water so that would be a potential.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Everything you need to know about buying a house with shared ownership MORE : How to manage stress during home renovations MORE : You can buy these London homes with a deposit under £10,000 with shared ownership