A Ukrainian trans student wants to help fight for his country but is not allowed to because he is officially registered as a female. Jahn, 20, has been blocked from the men’s armed forces because his birth certificate says he is a woman. Even if Jahn were to accept being misgendered and serve as a woman, the military only allows women to get involved if they have previous military experience. Trans people in Ukraine can get their genders changed on official documents but they have to have been taking hormones for a certain period of time. They also have to make their case to the authorities and provide a medical certificate with a doctor verifying their trans identity. Some doctors, however, are not prepared to do this. Activist Inna Iriskina, who works with the LGBTQ+ charity Insight, said Jahn is just one example of what she believes is an issue many trans men are having. Besides the logistical difficulties with getting into the military, trans people are also wary of joining the army and then facing discrimination from their colleagues and leaders. Meanwhile, some trans women in the community are struggling with the opposite – being expected to fight as men. Oleksandra, 39, is one of these people. She has been trying to flee her home in Mykolaiv since March. But Ukrainian men are legally expected to stay and fight Russian soldiers off, and Oleksandra is officially registered as a man. ‘I am scared of being discriminated against if I am called to the front,’ she said. Oleksandra eventually made her way to Odessa, thanks to an organisation which has provided her with accommodation, where it is safer than Mykolaiv. Inna said trans people are facing extra difficulties, on top of trying to survive the war like everyone else. For example, hormones have been difficult to get since Kremlin troops invaded in February, causing the prices to ‘rise sharply’. Inna sends people in the army hormones when she can but she is particularly worried about trans people stuck in Russian-occupied areas. ‘I have no news from two people who are there,’ she said. LGBTQ+ rights have drastically improved since Ukraine’s pro-Russian government  fell in 2014. But Ukraine was still only ranked 39 out of 49 European countries in upholding LGBTQ rights in 2020. Russia has a significantly bad reputation for how it treats the LGBTQ+ community, as any pro-LGBTQ+ speech is completely banned. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.