Whether you’re relaxing on a stunning beach in Portugal, exploring beautiful old towns in Greece, or cycling through the wine regions in France, a summer holiday should be a joyful experience. But one thing has the ability to taint a trip away: the dreaded mosquito. And to make matters worse, it seems the pesky insects tend to like a certain type of person. Typically, every friendship group has that one individual who is covered in bites on trips away – while others escape without a single one. And not only are they an eyesore, but they’re also incredibly itchy. So why are some people more desirable to these insects than others? What is it about certain individuals that mosquitoes simply cannot resist? Dr Ross Perry, medical director of Cosmedics skin clinics, explains that around 20% of the population are more susceptible to getting bitten more by insects – and this is actually down to a number of factors. Experts shed light on some of the main ones below. ‘Firstly, blood type can play a small part,’ explains Dr Ross. ‘One type of mosquito is more favourable to the common O blood type and another is more attracted to blood type AB.’ Experts stress that around 80% of people secrete a signal revealing which blood type they are, and this draws the mosquitoes in. What we wear can also play a role. ‘Insects tend to be more attracted to dark colours – which are easier for them to spot, whereas light colours tend to blend in,’ explains Dr Ross. ‘Also, lots of movement from darker clothes is detected by insects as a target, rather than lighter colours.’ Experts say that mosquitoes, in particular, are attracted to carbon dioxide – and the more we exhale the more desirable we become. So if you’re planning on exercising on holiday, be prepared. Dr Paul Ettlinger, a GP at The London General Practice, says: ‘Mosquitoes are attracted to carbon dioxide, and when we exhale, we breath out mostly carbon dioxide. ‘When exercising we produce more carbon dioxide which is again likely to alert mosquitoes to a host.’ This is also important as mosquitoes are also more attracted to the smell of bacteria and sweat. Dr Paul adds: ‘Mosquitoes are attracted to compounds in sweat, including lactic acid and certain odours. ‘When we exercise we increase the build up of lactic acid and odour, so this can attract the mosquitoes.’ Dr Paul adds that mosquitoes are more drawn to people with a higher body temperature and moisture – so when this is desirable, they are more likely to land. ‘It’s worth pointing out too that pregnant women also appear to be more attractive to mosquitoes, most likely due to having a slightly higher body temperature (not to mention they might also exhale more carbon dioxide during the latter stages of their pregnancy),’ he continues. Also, generally, women tend to get more bites than men. Bite prevention expert Howard Carter also adds that perfume is another key culprit for enticing mosquitoes. As a result, it’s a good idea to avoid all fragrances. He says: ‘Some perfumes, such as lavender combinations, actually attract insects – just look closely at a lavender bush. ‘Be aware that most toiletries and sunscreens, along with most fabric softeners, contain scent. Be aware of your odour output.’ Dr Sam Watts, founder of Mind Body Medical, says there’s also evidence that mosquitoes can use the stress hormone cortisol to track down potential targets. ‘Those with higher cortisol levels, and more acute cortisol spikes, are more likely to be sought out by mosquitoes than others,’ he explains. ‘This may explain why, as soon as we start being bitten, we suddenly attract a host of new mosquitoes; they are attracted by the increased cortisol production that commonly follows the stress of being bitten repeatedly.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum reveals money-saving hacks to help parents save cash on summer holidays MORE : When are the summer holidays in 2022? MORE : The coolest travel launches – including a dino-themed rollercoaster and a Father’s Day spa treat