Self-driving tanks are being tested in vast computer simulations used by the British military to stay ahead of real-world innovations. The autonomous vehicles are being trialled in the ‘digital sandbox’ as a precursor to developments in physical battlefield technology. The UK’s biggest virtual operations have already taken place in the high-fidelity simulations provided by Bohemia Interactive Simulations (BISim). In a webinar last month, the demo included autonomous vehicles being destroyed by accurately-rendered weapons systems, the use of highly detailed operational maps and soldiers dismounting on the battlefield. The advanced software, which uses artificial intelligence for civilians going about their daily lives, is being used by the Ministry of Defence (MoD) for training in simulations that can scale and recreate anywhere on the planet. Joining from desktops, cockpit simulators or headsets, soldiers are learning how to use future vehicles and negotiate crowded cities. Will Day, senior technical project lead at BISim, has been involved in helping militaries to innovate ahead of real-world changes in years to come. He told Metro.co.uk: ‘Essentially, we’re providing a digital sandbox for them to develop and test out ideas using our flagship virtual simulation environment Virtual Battlespace 4 (VBS4). ‘This simulation software is primarily used to train the British Army, MoD, NATO allies and NATO-friendly countries in tactics and procedures, but nowadays armies are using this very powerful environment to test autonomous tanks and other vehicles since we can build and operate things in the virtual world that do not yet exist in the real world. ‘Armies can test out different designs and capabilities in a highly realistic virtual battlefield to see what works and what doesn’t, thinking through all kinds of design decisions. ‘For example, in a virtual battlefield against a virtual version of an enemy you expect to face, you can test the optimal sizes, armour and armament for future autonomous vehicles and the trade-offs of range and logistics for different propulsions systems.’ The old adage that ‘an army marches on its stomach’ is also factored in through virtual autonomous vehicles serving the supply chain. If this sounds far-fetched, there are two blueprints named ‘Last Mile Resupply’ and ‘Leader-Follower’ that are undergoing research by the UK and US armed forces respectively. ‘In the areas of logistics, there are at least two types of operations that could, in a matter of years, make use of autonomous vehicles,’ Mr Day said. Broadly speaking, the emerging technology involves taking humans out of harm’s way through the use of self-driving vehicles, as well as speeding up the supply chain and casualty evacuation. ‘We can also use this virtual environment to thoroughly test the most effective way to ensure there’s a human in the loop with the autonomous armed vehicles which may be deployed in the future VBS4,’ Mr Day said. ‘This robust digital sandbox will no doubt continue to be used to test these future systems and inform decision-making before the real systems are procured and employed.’ Launched in Australia two decades ago by then serving military officers Peter Morrison and Mark Dzulko, BISim set out to adapt a commercial war game called Operation Flashpoint for military use. Evolving into the VBS series, the software is now used for military purposes in 60 countries and across 80 sites in the UK. Western military customers, including the US Marine Corps, are the main buyers of the licenses from the now global company, with a smaller number of civilian groups also using the software. Licenses are sold to friendly nations and not to the West’s adversaries. Although the software has its roots in the gaming world, it provides a far more complex and realistic training simulation than the no-holds-barred warfare associated with console games such as Call of Duty. VBS4 has a high-precision, geographically-scaled system that militaries can use anywhere in the world at any time with accurate representation. ‘Armies, navies and air forces want very high-fidelity physics modelling of complex vehicle suspensions, sea states, flight dynamics and so on, that commercial games just don’t have,’ Mr Day said. ‘Then you need to turn game technology into serious military training tools, with the ability to make custom training and mission-rehearsal scenarios quickly, to plan missions as you would for real, and to capture all the data you need for a full After Action Review. ‘Yes, we use gaming technology, but we extrapolate and customise very heavily into a highly capable and specialist tool for the MoD and militaries in over 60 countries.’ Wargamers can take full control over weather and the seasons, sea states, dense global vegetation, tree canopies, atmospherics and real-time terrain changes and cratering during missions. In urban areas, pedestrians and heavy traffic move around the open worlds, with both having been programmed with ‘pattern of life’ behaviour as they go about business as usual. Afghani markets, Eastern European towns and bustling modern cities are among the highly immersive environments. Civilians react realistically when there is gunfire or other disturbances. Overall, hundreds of thousands of personnel serving Western nations and friendly countries are now using the virtual realm, mainly via the desktop or through virtual reality headsets. The company has been working with the MoD for seven years through the Defence Virtual Simulation, which has included large-scale exercises. In 2019, soldiers operated in the digital platform from their barracks on Salisbury Plain, instead of on the real terrain outside, as they took part in the largest virtual warfighting experiment in the history of the British Army. Land training exercises involving BISim have included up to 50 soldiers joining dismounted missions simultaneously using virtual reality headsets in the largest known such event of its kind. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.