A cyclist was killed after he was thrown off his bike while caught up between two drivers racing each other in a petty dispute. Graham Pattison, 49, decided to go for a cycle on a bright and sunny day, on July 24, in 2020. But, unbeknown to him, Paige Robinson, 24, and David Ferry, 47, were driving dangerously up the road blinded by road rage. Their row started when Robinson accidentally cut off Ferry twice while driving onto the A689 from the A1, near Sedgefield in County Durham. The pair then started racing, with Ferry tailgating Robinson, and they sped up to 70mph. ‘Both were so engrossed in each other that they failed to see Mr Pattison on his bike, on that bright sunny day,’ prosecutor Nick Dry told Teesside Crown Court. Ferry tried to undercut Robinson and ended up colliding with Graham, catapulting him 40 metres into the air. Despite this, Ferry drove off and later told police he did not know there had been a collision – the judge rejected this claim. Robinson, however, stopped to try and help. Graham was pronounced dead shortly after the accident – leaving behind his wife Victoria and their two children. Both Robinson and Ferry denied a charge of causing death by dangerous driving, but were convicted after a trial, during which the prosecution said each defendant was equally to blame. Robinson, who sobbed throughout the sentencing, was jailed for seven years and nine months, while Ferry was sentenced to eight years because he did not stop at the scene. Robinson’s defence lawyer Martin Sharpe told the court the ex-care worker, from Billingham, was deeply remorseful. He said: ‘Her life has been a nightmare and she must bear full responsibility for what she did.’ Ferry’s defence lawyer Dan Cordey said his client, an ex-Army officer from Redcar, was previously of exemplary character, adding: ‘He is horrified, in his own words, and heartbroken about what happened.’ The Judge Jonathan Carroll told them both: ‘I take into account both of your mitigation. I accept that each of you are profoundly full of remorse for Mr Pattison’s death. But you directed the blame at each other.’ He also banned the pair from driving – for the entirety of their prison sentence so the ban covers any period of early release. Victoria said she had lost her soulmate of 30 years and their two daughters a loving father. In court, she said: ‘This kind of loss doesn’t discriminate, it can happen to anybody. Please remember that when you get behind the wheel of your car.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.