Fans of Tom Hanks have expressed concern after the actor was seen shaking at the latest screening of his new movie Elvis. The Forrest Gump actor made an appearance at the premiere of Baz Luhrmann’s biopic about late rock n’ roll icon Elvis Presley in Sydney, Australia on Tuesday. Elvis follows Presley (Austin Butler) as he rises to fame in the 1950s while maintaining a complex relationship with his manager, Colonel Tom Parker (Hanks). The biopic was filmed on the Gold Coast where the latest premiere was held, and Hanks said ‘there [was] no better place in the world to make a motion picture’. ‘I’ve shot films in Morocco and Los Angeles and New York City and Seattle and in Berlin,’ he told the audience while holding a microphone. He added: ‘None of them have what the Gold Coast have, and what is that? Two words. None of those other cities have Dan Murphy. ‘What a man, who I got to know quite well.’ Fans noticed in video footage obtained by the Mail Online that Hanks’ hands appeared to be shaking as he held the microphone and at times swapped it between hands. One tweeted: ‘Hope Tom Hanks is okay.’ Shutting down speculation, another fan wrote supportively: ‘God forbid it could just be adrenaline and nerves!’ Hanks went on to describe his months filming in Sydney as an ‘absolutely magnificent time’, despite the fact he was Down Under when he and wife Rita Wilson became the first celebrities to publicly reveal they had tested positive for Covid in March 2020. The Toy Story actor continued: ‘There is something about the people and the place of the Gold Coast that makes everyone walk around with a confident look on their face. We were a part of that. ‘Your confidence, joy and zest for life comes through in our motion picture. ‘You have a wonderful proactive golden son in Baz Luhrmann who loves Australia more than kangaroos, more than Dan Murphy.’ The Hollywood icon and his co-stars have been busy promoting Elvis in recent weeks, including attending a premiere and screening in London. Elvis premiered at Cannes Film Festival last month and, as the credits rolled, the theatre erupted into cheers and applause by the audience, who gave an incredible 12-minute-long standing ovation. As reported by Variety, this was the longest standing ovation so far this year from this year’s prestigious film festival, and the film’s lead Butler was seen becoming emotional as the applause went on and on. Hanks will next be seen voicing Geppetto in the live-action remake of Pinnochio, while other films in his pipeline include A Man Called Otto and Asteroid City. Elvis hits UK cinemas on June 24. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Tom Hanks’ reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Hanks says he would not take on Oscar-winning gay lawyer role in Philadelphia today: ‘We’re beyond that now’ MORE : Amber Heard admits she ‘still loves’ ex-husband Johnny Depp despite brutal libel trial exposing tumultuous marriage 