The World Cup draw was completed in April, with teams learning their fates for the group stages at Qatar 2022. 2018 semi-finalists England have been handed a favourable draw as they go up against the USA, Iran and Wales in Group B. Wales secured their place at Qatar on Sunday after beating Ukraine in the play-off final. Ukraine had ended Scotland’s World Cup hopes just days earlier. Reigning world champions France are in Group D with Tunisia, Denmark and either Australia, UAE or Peru. Brazil will face Serbia, Switzerland and Cameroon, while Spain and Germany are set to go head-to-head. Reacting to the draw, England boss Gareth Southgate told BBC Sport: ‘USA and Iran are teams we’ve not played for a while and the third is an unknown but throws up a possible British derby. ‘We’ve got to get out of the group. Our first objective is to get out of the group and then we build from there. ‘In this situation, all of our thoughts are with the people of Ukraine, so when that tie is played out is irrelevant really. ‘When you’re seeded you get the advantage of missing out on those big six or seven teams. Most of the first seeds would be pleased with the group they get. ‘There are some highly ranked teams in pot two. The USA are an interesting one. They’ve got some very good players and we know what they could be capable of, so that one, in particular, is an intriguing one.’ Former England striker Alan Shearer thinks Southgate will be happy with the draw England have been handed. ‘Gareth will look at that and think it could have been a lot more difficult than its actually come out. He’ll be happy with that and I’m sure his players will be too,’ Shearer told BBC Sport. ‘You take what’s given to you. The England players will be full of confidence going into the tournament given what’s happened in the last two and they’ll have a genuine belief that they can do something in this World Cup. ‘I have to say I’m pleased that Scotland, Wales or Ukraine got put in England’s group because it just adds that little bit more excitement. ‘When you look at Iran and the USA you think okay but if it’s going to be Scotland or Wales then that makes it a bit tougher.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 