We all like to feel fresh for summer, but instead of wasting money on bad quality products (that aren’t good for you or the environment) why not take a chance on these excellent buys you won’t regret. So from biodegradable clothes to broccoli-infused wine, make the right choices this summer with these wellness buys. Happy shopping. We’re snapping up something from Stripe and Stare’s new activewear collection. Items are 100% biodegradable and antibacterial. We love the statement tie-dye print. Buy items from £40 at Stripe And Stare. Fed up with one-use, throw-away face masks? Pacifica Reusable Masks are medical-grade silicone patches that can be reused up to 15 times. Choose from undereye, brow, lip and smile lines. Simply apply your favourite serum to the mask and pop on your skin. Buy it for £15 each from Cult Beauty.  It’s time to bin your carb-heavy, high sugar breakfast cereals and replace them with a box of Super Zeros. Products are nut-free, high in fibre and include no gluten-based ingredients and come with 10g of protein and zero sugar per serving. Available in Cocoa and Apple & Cinnamon. Buy two boxes for £12.99 from Super Zeros. If you want to feel less guilty about your alcohol consumption, try this broccoli-infused wine. Tenderstem broccoli and Lyme Bay Winery has created the limited-edition tipple, Tendernay, which is an infusion of Chardonnay and broccoli. Get it for free while stocks last at Tenderstem. The SunGod Ultras performance sunglasses are specifically engineered for runners. They are frameless, have 8KO nylon lens technology with 100% UV protection and weigh just 26g. They promise stability on any terrain. Buy it for £130 from Sungod. Make-up is no match for the Elemis Pro-Collagen Serenity Cleansing Balm thanks to mimosa flower wax, rose wax, vitamin E and a marine algae. It absorbs excess oil without drying while calming the senses thanks to lavender, vetiver and clary sage. Buy it for £52.98 from QVC UK. Streamline your beauty regime on holiday with Revision Skincare’s Intellishade TruPhysical. This five-in-one, multi-tasking wonder promises to correct, protect, conceal, brighten and hydrate. It has 20 anti-ageing ingredients, a 100% mineral SPF45 and offers a moisturising tint. Buy it for £81 from Revision Skincare. Bagged festival tickets? Liquid supplement brand Aguulp has a Festival SurvivalBundle with everything you’ll need post-event: Recovery will support energy levelsthanks to electrolytes, Immunity is the ultimate multivitamin and Brain will help clear the fog. Buy it for £32 (seven sachets of each formula) at Aguulp. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. MORE : The Fit List: The best kit for comfortable summer exercise MORE : The must-have products for cooling-off from the heat this summer MORE : The best new smartphones for 2022 – and which one to buy if you’re stuck