Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s relationship with the Royal Family is ‘not necessarily back on track’ as the group prepare to be seen together for the first time in years, a royal biographer has claimed. Omid Scobie, who co-authored Finding Freedom, says the ‘frosty atmosphere’ has ‘softened’ since the pair stepped down as senior royals and did an explosive TV interview with Oprah Winfrey. The duke and duchess have kept up a ‘very warm relationship’ with the Queen and travelled over from the US to quietly ‘honour’ her historic 70 years on the throne, he added. But Mr Scobie went onto note that ‘all eyes will be on the Sussexes’ today to see how they interact with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Prince Charles and other relatives at the Service of Thanksgiving for Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee. Speaking on BBC Breakfast, Mr Scobie said accusations that the pair will attempt to disrupt or ‘overshadow’ the monarch during the four-day weekend ‘couldn’t be further from the truth’. ‘In fact, they want to be as low profile as possible during this trip’, he said. ‘It’s almost hard to believe but I think yesterday at Trooping the Colour was a great example. We didn’t really catch sight of them on TV cameras. ‘There are a few grainy photos of them in existence online, but that’s about as far as it goes. ‘For them, being here is all about honouring and really celebrating the life and legacy of the Queen – someone that they’ve continued a very warm and close relationship with.’ He went on to say: ‘Of course, we know that’s not the same with the other family members. Today will be very interesting to see them alongside some of them. ‘I was with the couple on their last day in the UK, on Meghan’s last engagement, and of course we remember they also went on to that Westminster Abbey Commonwealth service. Very awkward moments between the Sussexes and the Cambridges.’ Noting that it was a ‘frosty atmosphere’, the royal expert said this ‘was almost at the peak of all the tensions between them and the institution and the monarchy’. He said: ‘I would say a lot of that has softened since then. That doesn’t mean that the relationships have necessarily gotten back on track, or to how they once were. ‘I think all eyes will be on them today, just simply to see how they are with the other members of the family. ‘But of course, everyone is here to celebrate the faith, the reign and the lifetime and service of the Queen. ‘For them, despite the fact they broke away from the firm, they always said that they’d carry out their work upholding the same principles and values.’ Harry previously acknowledged that he and Prince William were ‘on different paths’ and claimed his brother and father are ‘trapped’ in the Royal Family. Speaking about William, he told Oprah: ‘The relationship is space at the moment and time heals all things, hopefully.’ It was recently claimed that the siblings were having FaceTime video calls with their children in order to improve their relationship. The Duke of Sussex’s relationship with Prince Charles is also still said to be troubled, and they are believed to have spent a ‘cordial but slightly awkward’ 15 minutes together in April. Harry and Meghan were pictured playing with the Queen’s great-grandchildren during the Trooping the Colour ceremony. The couple did not appear alongside the Queen and others on the balcony which was reserved for working royals. Mr Scobie claims the monarch may have met Lilibet for the first time last night as the Sussexes are staying near Windsor Castle. Lilibet and Archie have not been seen publicly yet and it is unclear whether they will be. Mr Scobie has warned the public to ‘not expect much’ from Lilibet’s first birthday on Saturday, which will be ‘private’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.