The bosses of a Stoke-on-Trent waterpark evacuated today have said there was a ‘huge over-reaction’ from emergency services. People had been rushed out of Waterworld, on Festival Way, following reports of ‘eye and throat irritation’ and ‘nausea.’ A total of 110 people were evacuated and 46 received treatment from ambulance staff. Two people were taken to hospital as a precaution. An air ambulance and hazardous area response team had also been deployed as part of the response. ‘This has been completely blown out of proportion,’ a Waterworld spokesman claimed this evening. He said: ‘The huge over-reaction from emergency services was incredibly distressing for our customers and our staff. ‘We had received a small number of reports from customers about irritation to their eyes and throat, and were dealing with the situation. ‘At no time was there any need for the emergency services to be called.’ Waterworld will be closed tomorrow as a precautionary measure to carry out more tests. The spokesman added: ‘Despite stringent tests from our in-house team, and the emergency services using their own specialist equipment, no harmful gases, liquids or other substances of any kind were found in the water, and air samples for chlorine gas levels came back as normal.’ Staffordshire Police had closed part of Festival Way to allow for emergency access earlier today. Witnesses had reported seeing up to eight ambulances and three fire engines during the evacuation. Rebekah Rowntree was one of the first people to raise the alarm today. She and her family arrived at the waterpark shortly after 11.15am. She told Metro.co.uk: ‘I joked to my husband that the staff looked like they had Covid as they looked so ill. ‘We carried on then after about an hour my legs were itching like they’ve never itched before.’ Rebekah said she then felt dizzy and that everyone was ‘coughing and sneezing’ in the waterpark. She was told she would receive a refund from Waterworld within the next five days. Rebekah had asked to make a complaint during her visit today, and was taken to a managers office. There, she was told tests had already been carried out on the water. She said: ‘We left and then saw on the news that people had been evacuated. I did feel validated for saying something now. ‘Usually, I’m not someone to moan about things, and I’d worried it was maybe just me.’ She has this evening taken her son to hospital on the advice of 111 as his coughing has been ‘so bad’. He has since been diagnosed with chlorine poisoning, she told Metro.co.uk. Earlier today, a West Midlands Ambulance Service spokeswoman said: ‘Waterworld was evacuated after a number of people inside began displaying minor symptoms including watery eyes, a runny nose and nausea. ‘A man and a woman were conveyed to hospital for further checks as a precaution. ‘This was a well-managed tri-service response which saw the safe and speedy evacuation of a large number of people. Thankfully no one involved was in a serious condition.’ Stoke-on-Trent Police had added: ‘Visitors have reported eye and throat irritation and nausea. ‘The building has been evacuated. ‘The emergency services have the incident in hand and urge members of the public to avoid the area.’ Waterworld, the UK’s largest indoor water park, attracts thousands of visitors every year. The emergency services have been contacted by Metro.co.uk for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.