Adele is set to return to the stage next week with what is bound to be a spellbinding set in London’s Hyde Park. The Easy On Me hitmaker, 34, will play two gigs as part of the British Summer Time shows, marking her first live shows in the UK since 2017. She’s also announced some super exciting special guests, with the likes of country star Kacey Musgraves and 90s icon Gabrielle joining her. The Hello songstress – who dropped her latest album, 30, in November 2021 – has promised fans that she will ‘block your socks off’ with an ‘incredible’ feast for the eyes and ears. She took to Twitter to announce the line-up, and it sounds like Adele herself is just as buzzing as anyone else. ‘The line up for my Hyde Park shows next week is going to blow your socks off!! An all female bill, from new artists that I’m obsessed with to the heavenly @KaceyMusgraves to one of my favourite artists of all time @GabrielleUk who I’ve loved since I was 4!!’, she wrote. In a separate tweet, she added: ‘It’s going to be incredible, there’s a whole host of us performing all day, I can’t wait to share the main stage with you ladies.’ But Grammy winner Kacey and Out Of Reach singer Gabrielle aren’t the only ones joining Adele for the BST gigs, with Mahalia, Self Esteem, Nilufer Yanya, Tiana Majorg, Chrissi, Bonnie Kemplay, Ruti, and Tamzene also on the bill. It’s safe to safe to say that the concerts are going to be all about girl power, with Golden Hour musician Kacey writing on her Instagram that she is ‘so excited for this moment’, also jokingly writing on her Story, ‘divorce, babes, divorce’, in reference to a) the meme from Adele’s chaotic live-stream and b) her own split from ex-husband Ruston Kelly. Adele’s shows will take place on July 1 and 2, with the last time she performed on home soil being June 29, 2017, at Wembley Stadium. The multi-Grammy Award winner was scheduled to perform two final dates at the venue on July 1 and 2, but the dates were cancelled due to vocal injuries Her Hyde Park shows follow her ill-fated Las Vegas residency at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace, which the mum-of-one cancelled just 24 hours before the curtain lifted. In a tearful video released at the time, Adele apologised profusely for her show not being ‘ready’, promising to make it up to ticket holders. Fans are still awaiting news of rescheduled dates, but rumour has it they’re slated for a late summer start, running to the end of 2022. Unsurprisingly, Hyde Park tickets are sold out. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Strictly’s Claudia Winkleman teases new pro dancers after exits and is hopeful studio audience will return for new series MORE : Nicola Peltz Beckham opens up on husband Brooklyn’s bond with her billionaire father and why newlyweds would never move to London 