The family of a journalist thought to have been murdered in Brazil have said they are heartbroken in an emotional statement following the discovery of two bodies. They say they were informed that Dom Phillips’ body and that of Brazilian indigenous affairs official Bruno Araujo have been recovered. A statement posted on Twitter on behalf of his sister Sian Phillips, brother Gareth Phillips, Sian’s partner Paul Sherwood, his sister-in-law Helen Davies and nieces Domanique Daviester and Rhiannon Davies, said: ‘Early this morning we were informed that two bodies have been recovered from a remote location after a confession from one of the men in custody. ‘We are heartbroken at the confirmation that Dom and Bruno were murdered and extend our deepest sympathies to Alessandra, Beatriz and the other Brazilian family members of both men. ‘We are grateful to all those who have taken part in the search, especially the indigenous groups who worked tirelessly to find evidence of the attack.’ Veteran reporter Mr Phillips, 57, and Brazilian indigenous expert Mr Pereira, 41, vanished in a remote part of the Amazon last week. The Guardian journalist reported extensively on the destruction of the rainforest, indigenous communities and other environmental issues. The two men are thought to have last been seen on Sunday, June 5. A suspect is said to have confessed to fatally shooting the duo. The statement continued: ‘In due course we will offer our perspective on the courageous lives and important work of these remarkable men but for the moment, we request that representatives of the media allow the family some peace to deal privately with what has happened to their beloved Dom. ‘We thank the many people who have joined us in urging the authorities to intensify the search and those who have reached out with wards of comfort and sympathy.’ Earlier, Mr Phillips’ wife said ‘now we can bring them home and say goodbye with love’. Brazil’s justice minister Anderson Torres said the remains were found near where the pair went, with police saying a suspect led investigators to the location after confessing. In a statement, the victim’s wife Alessandra Sampaio said: ‘Although we are still awaiting definitive confirmations, this tragic outcome puts an end to the anguish of not knowing Dom and Bruno’s whereabouts. ‘Now we can bring them home and say goodbye with love. ‘Today, we also begin our quest for justice. I hope that the investigations exhaust all possibilities and bring definitive answers on all relevant details as soon as possible.’ It comes after former prime minister Theresa May insisted the UK must do ‘everything it can’ to press Brazilian authorities to uncover the truth about the disappearance. Mrs May made the plea on Wednesday to her successor Boris Johnson in the House of Commons after police arrested a second suspect in connection with the case. The Guardian’s Latin American correspondent Tom Phillips tweeted: ‘I’ve just returned from the Itaquaí River where we saw bodies believed to be those of our dear friend Dom & his friend Bruno recovered from the rainforest. ‘Devastating. An outrage. There must be justice for them, for their families and for the noble causes in which they believed.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Amazon tribes rarely get dementia — which may help us all