A man who claims his car was only left in a car park for 25 minutes has been fined £100 by a parking company who say it was there for five hours. Ian Ellis, 51, was in Lincoln, shopping for food on June 6 when the incident took place. He and his partner entered Tritton Road Retail Park at 9.18am to go to Halfords and pick up a Click and Collect order. On this occasion, he claims he was only in the car park on this occasion for five minutes. The couple then left the car park and visited nearby Branston to see family before then visiting the Nosey Parker pub. They then made a return trip to Tritton Road Retail Park at 2.30pm to pop into Home Bargains. Ian claimed the car was only parked for a maximum of 20 minutes. But two weeks after visiting the retail park, Ian, who lives in Chesterfield, Derbyshire, received a letter in the post saying he was being fined £100 for staying in the car park for five hours. Reacting with dismay to the letter, posted on June 11 and received five days later, he said: ‘I couldn’t believe it when I saw it and I won’t be paying it. ‘The letter said that I could appeal against the fine but there isn’t anything to appeal against, I just won’t be paying.’ The Tritton Road Retail Park is home to businesses including Pets At Home, Starbucks and Oak Furnitureland, none of whom have any responsibility for the car park itself. The car park at Tritton Road Retail Park is managed by the UK Parking Control (UKPC), who did not respond to a request for comment in time for publication. UKPC states on signs at the retail park drivers are not allowed to leave the site and can park for a maximum of three hours. Ian said: ‘There is actually CCTV footage of me in the car park of the Nosey Parker when UKPC claims I was at Tritton Road, so the evidence is there but the ball is in their court now. ‘I’m not going to appeal and I have just told them that if they want to take it any further then they can go to court. ‘Going down to the pub and signing forms to get the CCTV footage to win my appeal is going to take me time and my money, so if they want me to do that then I’ll charge them an administration fee of £250. ‘It’s not just me that this is happening to and it seems to be having an impact on the amount of business that the shops there are actually getting.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.