The Handmaid’s Tale producer says that the TV series has become ‘hauntingly relevant’ following the controversial overturning of Roe vs Wade. On Friday, the US Supreme Court ended protections for abortion that have been in place for nearly 50 years by deciding to overturn the landmark Roe v Wade ruling. It is expected to lead to abortion bans in roughly half of US states. Judith Orr, vice chair of campaign group Abortion Rights, which claims to have organised the demonstration, said protesters were ‘full of rage and anger’ about the decision and warned the consequences would be ‘dire’. The critically acclaimed series – which is a dystopian drama based on the novel written by Margaret Atwood – explores a society ruled by a fundamentalist regime that treats women as property. Executive producer Warren Littlefield shared his thoughts on the heartbreaking overturn’s relevance to the dystopian novel. ‘We’ve said many times over a number of years we would love to be less relevant,’ he said. ‘But sadly, the show’s been hauntingly relevant. And today appears even more so,’ he added to Deadline. Americans and people around the world have reacted with shock and fury over the news, including Viola Davis, former First Lady Michelle Obama and Taylor Swift. Singer Harry Styles reshared former First Lady Michelle Obama’s lengthy statement, before writing in his own message: ‘I’m absolutely devastated for the people of America today. Check on your friends. Look after each other. We’re all in this together, and the fight is just beginning. A truly dark day for America.’ With Roe overturned, individual states are responsible to determine how they will regulate abortions. Thirteen states have so-called trigger laws in place that take immediate effect once Roe is struck down that ban or severely limit access to abortion, and another half-dozen states have near total bans on terminating a pregnancy after six weeks, which is often before many people know they are pregnant. The Handmaid’s Tale airs on Channel 4 and can be streamed in full on All 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lauren Laverne in ‘very strange early bit’ of grief hours after mum’s death forcing her to pull out of BBC’s Glastonbury coverage MORE : How To Build A Sex Room: Netflix drops teaser for newest interior design programme featuring candle-lit spa and rock ‘n’ roll dungeon 