If you’re one of those people who believe more is more, then we’ve got the home for you. James Kivior, 42, has spent the past 10 years transforming his flat into a maximalist haven. From taxidermy tigers and zebras to an ornate chandelier, his home decor has plenty going on. The educational manager for a French pharmaceutical company has filled his 600sq ft, two-bed apartment to the brim, but is always on the lookout for more pieces to add. James, from Ridgewood, New York, US, said: ‘I really love bold colours and patterns, and shiny pretty things, a bit like a magpie. ‘I love bold decorating decisions and adding things I love to enjoy my space.’ He’s spared no expense and covered every inch of white space with colour, patterns, and custom-made finery. James said: ‘Nothing in my apartment is cheap, it’s very pretentious, and so many different items have been custom-made. ‘I have 12 Hermès scarves that retail at just under $2,500 (£1,850) each that I’ve had custom-framed and currently take pride of place on the wall of my lounge. ‘I have a trunk that I’ve filled with the boxes they came in too. ‘I have a pair of custom-made Scalamandre Tiger Velvet French Louis XVI chairs that cost $5,000 (£4,097), as I just love the pattern. ‘I have lots of vintage taxidermy pieces, with some being well over 100 years old. ‘I have a 1950s taxidermy leopard and matching rug that I had restored, and the leopard now sits proudly in my lounge. ‘I’ve also got a range of other taxidermy including zebras, flamingos, parrots and tropical birds, a flamingo piece I have cost $2,000 (£1,470). ‘One of my favourite pieces is a chandelier from my favourite designer and the King of maximalism, Tony Duquette. ‘I had searched for this particular piece for years, but could never find one in my price range, then last year on a trip, I came across one that I managed to get for just under $5,000 (£3,700) which is incredible as they usually retail at $25,000 (£18,500). ‘I have a custom Hermès pillow which set me back $1,500 (£1,105) and a Red fringed Bevilacqua custom pillow for $800 (£590). ‘Each piece just fits perfectly – and each morning when I walk through my apartment I just can’t stop smiling because I love it all so much.’ While his tastes might not suit everyone, James’ eclectic home has gained an impressive following on his Instagram, @thepretentioushome. He said: ‘My home is definitely the complete opposite of how I dress and act, if you saw me out and about, you wouldn’t imagine just how creative my interior design is. ‘I’ve had people come and do photoshoots at my home and draw pictures of a room or two because it’s so unique. ‘A lot of people have said it’s great, but it’s not somewhere they’d want to live – especially having to do all the dusting. ‘At this point, even though my landlord likes what I’ve done and how much I look after my apartment, I don’t think I’ll be getting my deposit back either as she’ll need to redecorate entirely once I leave. ‘I have never liked beige and white walls and furnishings and saw my apartment as a blank canvas to express my inner creativity.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : These are the best Pride-themed items to decorate your home with this month MORE : How to redecorate any room in an hour, according to an interior designer MORE : Woman saves over £1,100 decorating her home using second-hand furniture