Prince Charles has paid a touching tribute to the Queen at tonight’s Platinum Party at the Palace the nation celebrates her 70 year reign. He thanked his ‘Mummy’ for being here for the country in good times and bad during her decades on the throne. As a crowd of 20,000 people gathered around Buckingham Palace, Charles told how the Queen has laughed and cried along with the country through the years. He hailed her ‘lifetime of selfless service’ as he took centre stage at the Platinum Jubilee concert. The Queen did not attend tonight’s show, having missed a few events this Bank Holiday weekend due to her ongoing mobility issues. But she was still the undisputed star of the show, and opened it up with a pre-recorded skit with none other than Paddington Bear. In a touching moment, Charles spoke of his ‘much missed’ late father the Duke of Edinburgh, calling him ‘My Papa’ and saying the Queen’s late husband Philip was there ‘in spirit’. The Prince of Wales began his heartfelt speech with ‘Your Majesty, Mummy’, just as he did at the Diamond and Golden Jubilee concerts in her honour. He added: ‘You have been with us in our difficult times. And you bring us together to celebrate moments of pride, joy and happiness. ‘You have met us and talked with us. You laugh and cry with us and, most importantly, you have been there for us, for these 70 years. ‘You pledged to serve your whole life – you continue to deliver. That is why we are here. That is what we celebrate tonight.’ He reflected on the Queen’s ever-growing family, which now stretches to 12 great-grandchildren, and on her dual role as sovereign and royal matriarch. ‘Your family now spans four generations. You are our Head of State. And you are also our mother,’ he said. Reflecting on the loss of the Duke of Edinburgh last April, Charles said: ‘Your ‘strength and stay’ is much missed this evening but I am sure he is here in spirit… ‘My Papa would have enjoyed the show and joined us wholeheartedly in celebrating all you continue to do for your country and your people.’ Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, hailed tonights Platinum Jubilee concert as ‘full of optimism and joy’. He praised his grandmother Queen for her ‘hope’ in the future of the planet, during a segment of he party dedicated to the environment, featuring Sir David Attenborough. He echoed the Queen’s words from her speech to the Cop26 UN Climate Change summit, when she said working together in a ‘common cause’ always gave rise to hope. The duke highlighted the efforts of ‘visionary environmentalists’ and went on to name broadcaster and naturalist Sir David and spoke about the pride he felt for ‘my grandfather and my father’, the Duke of Edinburgh and Prince of Wales, who have championed the natural world. Speaking on stage, William said: ‘It’s my firm hope that my grandmother’s words are as true in 70 years’ time as they are tonight that as nations we come together in common cause, because then there is always room for hope. ‘Tonight has been full of such optimism and joy – and there is hope. Together, if we harness the very best of humankind, and restore our planet, we will protect it for our children, for our grandchildren and for future generations to come.’ Before the duke spoke, a pre-recorded message from Sir David was played featuring spectacular imagery of the planet with the Hans Zimmer orchestra playing a version of the Planet Earth II Suite as dancers from the Royal Ballet performed. The crowds heard archive recordings of the Queen speaking about the future of the planet in 1989 during her Christmas Message: ‘The future of all life on earth depends on how we behave towards one another and how we treat the plants and animals that share our world with us.’ And an extract from the monarch’s Cop26 video message speech: ‘None of us underestimates the challenge ahead but history has shown that when nations come together in common cause there is always room for hope.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.