Boris Johnson has said Russia’s decision to abandon the prized strategic outpost of Snake Island demonstrates Ukraine’s ability to fight back. The Prime Minister spoke to reporters from across the world today as he held a news conference at the close of Nato’s summit in Madrid. He said it is ‘only logical and right’ to intensify military support to help Kyiv defend against Vladimir Putin’s invasion. ‘I think the right thing for us is to keep going on the course that Nato set out, no matter how difficult it may be,’ said Johnson. He added: ‘It’s for Volodymyr Zelensky, his people, to decide what to do, whether they want to cut a deal with Russia … of course, that’s entirely a matter for them.’ He said it was the West’s job to simply ‘stand up for the principle of the right of the Ukrainians to protect themselves’. Johnson’s speech came hours after Russia announced its withdrawal from Snake Island, off Ukraine’s southern Black Sea coast. The outpost is of great strategic value and became world famous when defiant border guards told sailors on the Russian Moskva warship: ‘Go f**k yourself’. ‘If you wanted evidence of the amazing ability of the Ukrainians to fight back to overcome adversity and to repel the Russians then look at what has happened just today on Snake Island, where again Russia has had to cede ground,’ Johnson said. ‘In the end it will prove impossible for Putin to hold down a country that will not accept his rule.’ Johnson added that he believes Ukrainians have the power to repel Russian forces and return to the position they were in before the February 24 invasion. The PM said Putin ‘should think about the consequences of his barbaric actions’ – considering his attack on Ukraine has ‘actually brought the West together’. One of the reasons given by Russia for its invasion was the prospect of its western neighbour joining Nato. Johnson said it ‘was never remotely likely’ that Ukraine was going to join the military alliance ‘any time in the foreseeable future’. But in response to his aggression, the PM said Putin now faces Sweden and Finland ‘breaking their historic vows of neutrality’ by moving to join Nato. The alliance has now formally invited the two nations to become members, which Johnson said is an ‘absolutely devastating comment’ on Russia’s actions. Britain’s defence spending will be increased to 2.5% by the end of 2030, Johnson announced. It is currently projected to be 2.12% in 2022, above Nato’s 2% target but below the 2.26% spent in 2021 and 2.3% in 2020. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.