Love Island sleuths have done the maths to figure out Gemma Owen’s age when she dated bombshell Jacques O’Neill and they’re shocked. The 19-year-old Islanders has been joined by her 23-year-old ex in the villa, and while they’ve not coupled up, there’s already plenty of drama for viewers to dig into. During Sunday’s episode on ITV2, Jacques enjoyed dates with Afia Tonkmor and Paige Thorne instead of trying to rekindle an old flame. Gemma was eavesdropping from the balcony and revealed she and Jacques broke up a year and a half ago, and were in a relationship for eight months before their split. ‘So she was 17 when they broke up,’ one fan wrote, while another added: ‘OMG it gets worse! She was still in school and he was like 21?!?! Nah sorry mate but that’s all kinds of wrong.’ Viewers were stunned by the maths, with a different person tweeting: ‘Jacques is an immediate no for dating a teenager. I’m disgusted.’ With a queasy face emoji, another fan said: ‘So confirmed they broke up a year and a half ago (when she was 17) and dated for like 8 months’. And yet another Twitter mathematician wrote: ‘Gemma just turned 19 and broke up with this man 1.5 years ago when she was 17 and a half. She dated him for 8 months which mean she started dating this man at 16 when he was 20?????? (sic)’ The two exes did get a chance to reconnect over the weekend, and Jacques ended up flirting with Gemma after arriving in the villa. ‘You look nice tonight, you know,’ he told her, before adding to the camera: ‘I am a flirtatious lad, like, I can’t help myself sometimes.’ And Jacques revealed he approves of Gemma’s villa flame Luca Bish, as he said: ‘I like him, you know.’ Gemma admitted the two lads ‘are pretty similar’, and Jacques cheekily suggested ‘that’s probably why you like him’, but her raised eyebrows suggested otherwise. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Is it Gemma Owen Island?’ Susanna Reid baffled by Love Island’s focus on Michael Owen’s daughter MORE : Love Island episode 6 review: Gemma Owen steals spotlight as ex-boyfriend Jacques O’Neill’s arrival rattles Luca Bish 