Alison Hammond has thrown her hat in the ring for hosting the supposed revival of Big Brother, which is said to be returning in 2023. It was recently confirmed ITV2 is in discussions to revive Big Brother in 2023 after it was dumped by Channel 5 in 2018. As it stands, Celebrity Big Brother winner Rylan Clark is currently tipped to be the new main host, taking over from Emma Willis, who presented Big Brother and CBB for five years. However, there are some other names in the pipeline, including ITV favourite Alison. During an upcoming appearance on The Late-ish Show with Mo Gilligan, Alison shared how would be up for the gig too. Asked if she would make a good presenter on the show, she said: ‘I think so. They need to change it up a bit. ‘We’ve got to put it out there to the universe. Let’s make it happen!’ We’d certainly love to see it happen. Alison currently hosts This Morning every Friday alongside Dermot O’Leary and appears on the panel of BBC’s I Can See Your Voice. She entered the Big Brother House as a housemate back in 2002, in the series eventually won by Kate Lawler. It comes after it was revealed Rylan is thought to be the frontrunner to be handed the Big Brother baton, after the news broke of its expected comeback. The Radio 2 DJ has been campaigning for the show to come back ever since it left our screens, so it’s no surprise he’s keen to host. An insider previously told The Sun: ‘Rylan couldn’t have made it any clearer with his intention – he would love that job. ‘Those working on the early stages of the production think the same and this role is made for Rylan.’ The source added that many believe Rylan is ‘first choice of host’ above Davina and Emma. ‘Rylan is really current and has a huge following, plus his love of Big Brother makes him the ultimate fan. There really is no one better placed to take it on.’ Other names tipped to host include Josie Gibson, AJ Odudu, Dermot O’Leary and the programme’s original presenter, Davina McCall. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bill Bailey to take on 100 mile charity walk in honour of Sean Lock to mark one year since his death MORE : Baking royalty Dame Mary Berry tells Queen to ‘enjoy the pudding’ in sweet message for Platinum Jubilee 