Criminal gangs are expected to target entire streets during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee weekend, a security expert has warned. Carlos Dhunay expects a 20% increase in burglaries and says his team is braced for an influx of calls from homeowners. With more than 16,000 street parties expected to be held over the weekend, this could leave ample opportunities for thieves. As people party with their neighbours, many are likely to leave their doors unlocked, giving criminals a chance to slip inside while everyone’s distracted. Mr Dhunay said the shocking figure comes amid an 14% increase in crime over the last year, according to the Office for National Statistics. The safety expert – who runs Telcam Home and Commercial Security System Specialists, explained: ‘The Jubilee is a highly-publicised event. ‘In my opinion and my experience, when criminals know there is an opportunity for people to be leaving their houses, that’s when they will strike. ‘Street parties happen at the front of homes, out on the roads – but back gardens are where most burglaries will strike. “And if they know there’s a few gardens that aren’t being watched, they could even do two or three houses in one street.’ The security tech expert also said there will ‘most definitely’ be prowling streets looking out for unlocked homes. Mr Dhunay stressed that during festivities it is easy to lose track of who is a neighbour and who is a stranger – especially if alcohol is involved. Other factors like barbecuing outside could mean home-owners are distracted and not checking who could be popping in and out of their homes. ‘The more relaxed, the more vulnerable,’ he added. Mr Dhunay said homeowners should take extra care to secure their homes over the Jubilee weekend. He advised them to keep valuables out of sight, as thugs could use the mingling at street parties as an opportunity to case homes for future hits. Mr Dhunay added that while he hopes people can ‘party and enjoy themselves’ over the four-day break, ‘when we go to the aftermath of break-ins, we find customers often don’t feel the need to secure their homes until it’s too late’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.