The second episode of Love Island 2022 was eventful to say the least, with Davide Sanclimenti deciding to couple up with Gemma Owen, leaving Liam Llewellyn single. However, what the islanders don’t know yet is that another big twist is on the way, in the form of two brand new bombshells: Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Afia Tonkmor. In a few days’ time, there will be another coupling up ceremony, and whoever winds up single could face having to leave the villa altogether. So will Ekin-Su and Afia turn heads when they meet all the other islanders for the first time? Here’s what you need to know about new contestant Ekin-Su. Ekin-Su, who hails from Essex, works as an actress. Viewers are yet to find out who Ekin-Su is going to connect with in the villa, but she’s assured that she’s looking for a ‘genuine spark’ in a potential match. Speaking ahead of her entrance, she said: ‘I’m looking for that real genuine spark and they just see me as me.’ She added that she believes the ‘concept’ of Love Island ‘brings back true and raw feelings’. So will this turn out to be true for Ekin-Su? Ekin-Su is 27, the same age as fellow islanders Davide Sanclimenti and Andrew Le Page. The youngest islander in the villa is Gemma, the daughter of former professional footballer Michael Owen, who’s 19 years old. You can find Ekin-Su on Instagram at the handle @ekinsuofficial, where she already has 353,000 followers at the time of writing. She clearly has one of the biggest followings in the villa, with Gemma – in comparison – currently boasting just over 27,000 followers. In the post announcing she was joining Love Island, the caption read: ‘AHHH! The secret is out. Catch me on Love Island searching for the one!’ ‘Omg I was literally thinking yesterday that you should audition,’ one person commented on the picture, while another wrote: ‘You’ve got this baby.’ Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who is Love Island 2022 bombshell Afia Tonkmor, how old is she and where can you find her on Instagram? MORE : Michael Owen can’t escape questions about daughter Gemma on Love Island: ‘I came all the way to Germany to try and avoid it’ 