Michael B Jordan and Lori Harvey have reportedly called time on their relationship after a year and a half. The actor, 34, and model 25, were first linked in 2020 and went Instagram official last January, often sharing loved-up snaps tot he site. But while they were clearly head-over-heels for one another, the pair have now seemingly made the decision to call it quits. A source told People that the pair ‘still love each other’ and are ‘both completely heartbroken’ by the split. They said: ‘Michael matured a lot over the course of their relationship and was ready to commit for the long term. ‘He let down his guard with her, opening up emotionally in a romantic relationship for the first time.’ They added that Michael and Lori had ‘great times together’ and ‘brought out the best in each other.’ The source did not indicate a reason for the supposed break-up. Michael and Lori had appeared to be going the distance, with Lori’s father, US presenter Steve Harvey, previously admitting in an interview that he was fond of the actor. He told The Ellen Show that Michael had ‘really come through’ on Christmas presents for the family, joking ‘that’s why I like him.’ Steve also revealed that Michael had bought Lori’s mother, Marjorie, skis for Christmas, saying the ‘only way you give your potential mother-in-law some skis is because you want her to be your mother-in-law.’ Michael, meanwhile, became comfortable with raving about his girlfriend in interviews after they had first tried to keep their relationship private. Discussing what made them go public, he said keeping it quiet could ‘sometimes kills spontaneity and intimacy.’ He added: ‘I wanted to take that away and give this the best chance it had, in this weird world that we live in, to be somewhat normal. ‘Long story short, I think it’s just the timing of everything. It was the right time for me. Yeah. I’m happy.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Michael and Lori for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jonathan Majors ‘punched in face 100 times’ while filming Creed III alongside Michael B Jordan MORE : Steve Harvey ‘very uncomfortable’ as he reacts to loved-up snap of daughter Lori with boyfriend Michael B Jordan 