Vicky Pattison has shared a tearful message revealing that her dog Milo was among those taken when her dog walker’s van was stolen. The former Geordie Shore star, 34, took to Instagram to tell her followers that Milo had been returned home safely after the ordeal. The dogs, including Milo, were found after the stolen van was dumped by thieves, who cruelly left the animals shut inside despite the hot weather, which can quickly be fatal for dogs. Alongside a series of snaps of her beloved golden retriever, she told her followers: ‘Today was the scariest day we’ve had since getting milo…‘He was out with his lovely dog walker and as he dropped off one of Milo’s friends, someone stole his van with my baby and some of his friends in the back.. We got the call at this point and I instantly just broke down, sobbing crying and fearing the worst.. I’ve literally never felt fear like it.‘Long story short guys, the van was found abandoned by the police on some estate with the fur babies still in the back thank god. But honestly, that period of not knowing and worrying was just horrific- I felt so helpless and devastated.’ Vicky added: ‘It’s all a matter with the police now, but if you have any information please get in touch – it happened in the South Woodford area and the police have been great. ‘Luckily this ended happily this time but things could have been very different. Milo is a resilient and brave boy and seems fine after his traumatic afternoon but I just can’t spend time thinking about the alternative. ‘I don’t understand what type of person steals another persons property, and worse still, when they realise that there are living, breathing animals in the back – abandons them in a hot van in the middle of nowhere not caring what happens to them. ‘I’d call them animals but they don’t deserve it – they are Utter scumbags. Should be ashamed of themselves. You make me sick.’ Sharing the thankfully very happy ending, she added: ‘Milo is now back with his mammy and daddy and being spoilt rotten as he should be and we are just so happy and grateful… Thankyou all for your messages of concern.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : MIC’s Sam Thompson gets Vicky Pattison’s clothing delivery by mistake and ‘looks better in it’ than her MORE : ‘I just don’t feel like I can win’: Exhausted Vicky Pattison quits ‘toxic’ Instagram after engagement 