Katie Boulter registered the biggest win of her tennis career with victory over Karolina Pliskova at Wimbledon – as the Great British star dedicated it to her late grandmother in an emotional interview as she fought back the tears. World No.118 Boulter produced a stunning performance to topple last year’s finalist and sixth seed Karolina Pliskova – a former world No 1 and current world No 7 – as she reached the third round of Wimbledon for the first time ever. Boulter dropped the first set but roared back to win 3-6 7-6 6-4 in front of a delighted home Centre Court crowd – just a day after Emma Raducanu and Andy Murray crashed out – and will next face Serena Williams slayer Harmony Tan. Speaking after the match, the 25-year-old from Leicester said: ‘I’ve got no words right now, I’m literally shaking. ‘The crowd was unbelievable, thanks so much for getting me through that. I’m going to get emotional. My gran passed away two days ago. ‘I’d like to dedicate that to her today. It’s a dream come true for me. I’ve hopefully got many more matches to play. ‘If I’ve got you guys behind me for those, hopefully I can go a long way. Thank you so much. Thank you.’ Boulter has excelled on grass for a second straight summer and has now recorded back-to-back wins over Pliskova having also beat her in Eastbourne. She will next face World No.115 Frenchwoman Tan, who shocked the tennis world with victory over the legendary Williams in the first round on Tuesday. Boulter joins fellow Brit Heather Watson in the third round, who faces Slovenia’s Kaja Juvan after her straight-sets victory against Wang Qiang on Wednesday. Another Brit in the women’s singles draw, Harriet Dart, crashed out in the second round on Thursday as she lost out to eighth seed Jessica Pegula. MORE : 'Unprofessional!' - Harmony Tan slammed by doubles partner after Serena Williams win MORE : 'It's a joke!' - Emma Raducanu responds to pressure claims after Wimbledon exit For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 