Inflation rose again in May in the latest sign the cost of living squeeze is here to stay. New data showed Consumer Prices Index rose slightly to 9.1% in May from9% in April. The Office for National Statistics means the increase in the cost of basic goods continues to be steeper now than at any point in four decades. Energy prices continue to be the main driver of inflation, as well as supply chain problems linked to the pandemic. Most analysts expected a further rise this month and the 0.1% increase was at the lower level of estimates. The Bank of England has forecast the rate will hit 11% by Christmas, levels unthinkable just 12 months ago. ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said ‘historically high levels’ in goods like food and fuel were ‘offset by clothing costs rising by less than this time last year, and a drop in often fluctuating computer games prices’. He added: ‘The price of goods leaving factories rose at their fastest rate in 45 years, driven by widespread food price rises, while the cost of raw materials leapt at their fastest rate on record.’ Responding to the latest inflation figures, Rishi Sunak said: ‘I know that people are worried about the rising cost of living, which is why we have taken targeted action to help families, getting £1,200 to the eight million most vulnerable households. ‘We are using all the tools at our disposal to bring inflation down and combat rising prices, we can build a stronger economy through independent monetary policy, responsible fiscal policy which doesn’t add to inflationary pressures, and by boosting our long-term productivity and growth.’ Stuart Rose, who is head of Asda and used to run Marks & Spencer, said the economic crisis was of similar proportions to the COVID-19 pandemic. He called on the government to introduce tax changes to make the cost of buying food lower for families. He said: ‘The fact that the government seems to be saying that nothing will happen until next year in terms of either taxation or in terms of further help, I worry about (that) a little bit because that’s a long time away. ‘So I would urge them to do more and I would urge them to do more for those people at the bottom end of the earnings income scale and I would do something which is pretty effective, something like VAT reduction would be helpful.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.