Beyoncé Knowles might have taken the world by storm with the release of her brand new banger Break My Soul, but it’s yet to break the top 20 of the UK singles chart in what many may view as an unexpected turn of events. Meanwhile, Kate Bush is continuing her extraordinary resurgence since the release of Stranger Things season 4 volume 1, reigning supreme in the number one spot for a second consecutive week with her 1985 song Running Up That Hill. Over on the albums chart, Harry Styles is gripping tightly onto his number one spot for a third week running with Harry’s House, seeing off his competition, including the surprise release from Drake. In the latest update from the Official Charts, it was revealed that Break My Soul, which is from Beyoncé’s upcoming seventh studio album Renaissance, had debuted at number 21 on the singles chart after its surprise release on Tuesday. This has made it her 36th UK Top 40 hit, and we predict it will continue to rise the ranks in the days to come. When the latest episodes of Stranger Things came out this month, longtime fans of Kate and younger fans of the show who hadn’t heard her music before were bowled over by the incredibly emotional sequence featuring Max (Sadie Sink), in which Running Up That Hill was a pivotal element of the narrative. During a rare interview on BBC Radio 4’s Woman’s Hour this week, Kate described how ‘wonderful’ it was that her music had received ‘a whole new audience’, saying: ‘The thought of all these really young people hearing the song for the first time and discovering it is, well, I think it’s very special.’ Over the past week, Running Up That Hill has garnered 8.7million streams, and it looks like its popularity is not going to wane, considering the trailer for Stranger Things season four volume two featured another rendition of the song. Meanwhile, George Ezra – who recently performed a tweaked version of his new track Green Green Grass at the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Concert – has reached the number five spot with the song. Beyoncé wasn’t the only global icon to make a surprise music release this week, with Drake coinciding with the launch of his new album Honestly, Nevermind, which has reached number two on the Official Albums Chart while also securing three singles in the top 10. However, he couldn’t defeat Harry on the Official Albums Chart, with Harry’s House – the British singer’s third solo album – becoming the longest-running number one album of 2022 so far, following his stellar performances at Wembley stadium last weekend for his Love On Tour spectacle. Foals have secured the number three spot with their album Life Is Yours, while rock band The Smile – made up of Radiohead members Thom Yorke and Jonny Greenwood alongside Sons of Kemet drummer Tom Skinner – broke into the top five fo the first time with A Light For Attracting Attention. The late David Bowie’s fifth studio album, The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars, reentered the albums chart at number 12 following a special half-speed LP re-issue in celebration of its 50th anniversary. Off the back of the success of Running Up That Hill, Kate’s album The Whole Story has also reached number 17 on the albums chart. Meanwhile, Oscar nominee Jessie Buckley has entered the albums chart for the very first time, with For All Our Days That Tear The Heart alongside Suede guitarist Bernard Butler. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Beyonce’s new music videos ‘to pay tribute to 90s supermodels’ after Break My Soul and we sense Naomi Campbell MORE : Stranger Things themed musical ‘in the works at Netflix’ after Kate Bush success 