Travis Barker has been taken to hospital in an ambulance, with his wife Kourtney Kardashian by his side. The Blink-182 drummer is said to have attended West Hills hospital on Tuesday due to a health issue and was then taken by ambulance to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center. Photos obtained by TMZ show Travis, 46, on a stretcher, with Kourtney, 43, by his side. Travis has not publicly addressed the incident, but hours earlier tweeted: ‘God save me.’ The rocker’s daughter Alabama, 16, has since spoken out to ask her Instagram followers to ‘pray’, but did not offer any other update as to her father’s health. He and Kourtney got married in May this year during a ceremony in Portofino, Italy, surrounded by their family and friends. Kourtney’s children, Mason 12, Penelope, nine, and seven-year-old Reign – who she has with former partner Scott Disick – were in attendance for the ceremony, along with her mother, Kris Jenner. Her siblings Kim Kardashian, Khloe Kardashian, Kylie Jenner, and Kendall Jenner, as well as the latter’s boyfriend, Devin Booker, and her momager’s partner, Corey Gamble also joined the star-studded event. On Travis’s side were his son Landon, 18, daughter Alabama, 16, stepdaughter Atiana De La Hoya, 23, and friends including Machine Gun Kelly and his Blink-182 bandmate Mark Hoppus. Kourtney and Travis went public with their romance in early 2021 before getting engaged in October. Travis proposed on a Malibu beach, with the romantic moment recently unveiled in an episode of the new The Kardashians series. The couple have been sharing their fertility journey on the show, as they try for a baby. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Travis Barker for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Travis Barker’s son Landon ‘dating’ TikTok star Charli D’Amelio after ‘getting tattoos together’ MORE : Newlyweds Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker get very saucy in campaign for plant-based chicken 