In the 1970s it was all the rage to have an avocado green bathroom. A green sink, a green bath, a green toilet… you get the picture. Green was a big hit back then, just as it is today – but not so much in the colour sense. Thankfully. Being green and eco-friendly is the trendiest lifestyle change you can make in 2022, but does your sustainable mindset end when you step inside your bathroom? With single-use plastics adorning every inch of our bathrooms, you probably doesn’t even take a second glance at your plastic toothbrush and empty shampoo bottles you’re about to toss in the bin. And with single use plastics being just the beginning of harmful bathroom habits, there are many ways in which we can introduce eco-friendly changes. Experts from Sanctuary Bathrooms have shared their top tips on how we can all make greener choices to reduce our carbon footprints and save us money in the long run. With showers, toilets, baths and bathroom sinks are collectively responsible for more than two-thirds (68%) of a household’s average water usage, according to Waterwise, when combined with our plastic waste – it’s apparent that we all need to up our games. So, how can we make our bathrooms more eco-friendly? Switching your toiletries has never been easier – especially with more stores and brands adopting the refillable trend. Brands like L’Occitane  have completely nailed this trend with their Forever Bottles and refillable soaps, body washes and shows oils. And supermarket hand wash brands like Carex have also tagged along. To commit to a refillable and plastic-free life, first you need to run out any products in your bathroom that use single-use plastics. And once they’re all used up, start replacing them with packaging-free soaps, shampoo bars, and refillable bottles and jars. Not only is a bathroom the ideal environment for a whole host of different houseplants, but having plants around the home and in your bathroom can do a lot of good. Showers provide misting and humidity that many low-maintenance plants such as ferns require to thrive – perfect for plant mums who are a little hopeless. While air-purifying plants such as spider plants, peace lily’s, aloe vera and snake plants will actively improve the purity of the air in your bathroom. And because of their air-purifying properties, this can in turn cut down on the mould in your bathroom, meaning less cleaning products, chemicals and single-use plastics – it’s a win-win. Now we’ve tackled plastics, it’s time to turn our attention to the water that we can waste without even knowing it. James Roberts, Director at Sanctuary Bathrooms, says, ‘Many people may be unaware of the amount of water they use in a day. ‘For example, letting the tap run for a minute can waste up to 6 litres of water!’ He recommends turning the tap off when brushing your teeth, washing your face, and applying soap to your hands. James then revealed that the biggest eco-friendly hack we can incorporate into our habits is to only flush necessary items down the toilet. ‘You might use toilet paper to blow your nose and flush it rather than dispose of it in a bin. ‘But without thinking, you’re wasting water that could have been saved. Particularly if you’re using a dual flush system and pressing the “full flush” button.’ Not only is this an environmentally friendly approach, but it will also lower your water bills. Sometimes you might be wasting water when the taps aren’t even on. Yes, really. According to James, upgrading your leaky shower head can save water in a big way. He recommends switching to a low-flow version with high pressure, explaining that the benefits of this mean not compromising your existing shower, while saving water usage and saving money. ‘A short shower (2-3 minutes) with an efficient shower head will use less water than a bath (which is around 80 litres)1 and changing your shower head could save up to 40% of water used.’ Banish limescale Many of us live in areas that have hard water, which probably means your taps are thick with limescale. Samantha Mant, CEO at Halcyan Water Conditioners has said that limescale build-up significantly reduces the efficiency of your boiler. Adding: ‘so when you take a shower, you could be using up to 25% more energy to heat the water than is necessary – adding to increasing bills. ‘Limescale can also build up on taps and shower heads leaving a crusty residue which is difficult to clean off without harsh chemicals, which are then washed down the drain and into the watercourse – which is not good for the environment.’ Treating the limescale build-up is paramount if you’re looking to prevent it from causing too much damage. James from Sanctuary Bathrooms recommends investing in a new and super efficient toilet. ‘Dual flush toilets have a split flush function button which gives you the choice of how much water to use. ‘Low-flow and rimless toilets also use less water and some even feature a coating that makes them less prone to bacteria and easier to clean.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman, 21, ditches renting to live on a narrowboat – and it’s 50% cheaper MORE : Cleaning expert shares homemade ‘miracle’ spray that kills mould and stops it returning MORE : ‘We’ve been at the center of defining Black culture in the UK’: Moments that shaped queer Black Britain