Love Island viewers were in stitches on Tuesday after hearing Indiyah Polack and Amber Beckford butcher poor Ikenna Ekwonna’s name as they discussed him. It turns out, not only were neither of them certain on the pronunciation of his name, but the specifics – including spelling – were a bit hazy too. As the two discussed Indiyah’s reaction to being coupled up with him, Amber was laughing at Indiyah for calling him what sounded like ‘Ikano’ ‘Sorry, what did you just call him?!’ she cackled. However, after Indiyah, who admitted she felt ‘disrespectful’ not knowing his name properly, asked Amber for her input, she could only offer vague letters towards its spelling. An ‘i’, two ‘k’s’ and an ‘a’, spelling… ‘Ikka’? (We’re getting there) It certainly seems that her initial incredibly underwhelmed reaction to Ikenna seems to be holding from Love Island’s launch episode after the pair were put together through a public vote. ‘His name begins with an I,’ posted one fan in disbelief over the scene, while another exclaimed in capitals: ‘They can’t remember his name!’ ‘The only part of Ikenna’s name Indiyah remembered was ‘Ick’, posted another, with laugh-crying emojis. However, Indiyah’s friends came to her defence for her reaction to Ikenna, sharing a post on her account’s Instagram Story. Reposting lots of messages from fans deciding that Indiyah and Ikenna weren’t necessarily the greatest match, they added: ‘Oh gosh y’all aren’t feeling it at all,’ before moving to some kind words backing Ikenna. ‘But let’s remember to be mindful y’all, it’s the first episode and Ikenna looks like a sweetheart.’ Later in the episode, Indiyah softened towards Ikenna, saying she felt like she’d been ‘too harsh’ on him just because she he asn’t her ‘exact type’ and vowed to ‘go slow’. With the dramatic recoupling, where Davide Sanclimenti chose Gemma Owen,  leaving Indiyah and Ikenna a couple for now, let’s hope he can make more of an impression on her. Love Island airs nightly at 9pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : When did Love Island’s Luca Bish date Strictly star Saffron Barker? MORE : Love Island men seriously need to understand that hair colour isn’t a personality type 