Harry Styles’ latest tour show was plunged into chaos after a man fell from a balcony. The Watermelon Sugar singer was performing at the Ibrox stadium in Glasgow, Scotland on Saturday night as part of his Love On Tour. During one heart-stopping moment, fans saw a man tumble from the Club Deck, which is on the third tier of seating in the stadium. A Police Scotland spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘Officers were made aware of a man falling from a club deck at a premises on Edmiston Drive, Glasgow at around 10.15pm on Saturday, 11 June, 2022. ‘There were no suspicious circumstances and the man was seen to by medical staff.’ The current status of the man’s condition has not been revealed. It’s also not known if Harry was made aware of the incident, which is said to have happened towards the end of the show. A spokesperson from DF Concerts & Events confirmed that no one else was involved or injured on the level below. One concerned fan detailed their experience of watching the terrifying moment first-hand, writing in a Twitter thread: ‘My friends and I watched it happen and we just want to know if everyone’s okay. Very scary stuff. ‘Saw the man who fell sat with the nurses alive on the way out. Love to all, it was an amazing show just got a big fat huge scare at the end.’ Another witness claimed: ‘Seen it happen… The stewards took forever to come it feels like. I hope to god he’d okay.’ One concert-goer who also saw the man fall wrote: ‘Y’all.. at the Glasgow Harry styles concert I literally watched someone fall from the balcony. It was so f*****g scary. But my sister saw him talking to security after so we think he’s okay.’ Harry, 28, had earlier appeared on stage wearing a yellow and blue jacket with large strawberries on the front, teamed with blue trousers. He ran through his bevy of hits, including Golden, Adore You, Sign of the Times and Kiwi from his first two albums, as well as Music For a Sushi Restaurant and As It Was from his latest album Harry’s House. At one point, the pop star danced around the stage waving a Pride flag – as he typically does during his performances – in celebration of the LGBTQ+ event’s 50th anniversary. The former One Direction singer will return to the stage on Sunday afternoon to perform at Capital’s Summertime Ball at London’s Wembley Stadium. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Harry’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rebel Wilson trying to handle almost being ‘outed’ with grace as Sydney Morning Herald deny wrongdoing MORE : Kate Lawler confirms name change and flashes wedding ring after tying the knot with Martin Bojtos 