Sir Elton John got some Sunderland fans riled up at his show at the Stadium of Light – for mentioning rivals Newcastle. The Rocket Man star stunned the 30,000-strong crowd on Sunday as he performed tracks from his record-breaking back catalogue of hits. And at his first – and final – show in the North East city, bidding goodbye to live performances as part of his Farewell Yellow Brick Road tour – Sir Elton found himself reflecting on the past. As reported by The Sun, the 75-year-old told audiences about his first-ever concert in the North East, at Newcastle’s City Hall in 1971. And at the mere mention of the city, some in the crowd began to boo, leading Sir Elton to play along. Smiling, the Tiny Dancer singer responded: ‘Sorry, I can’t help it!’ He explained there was ‘nowhere to play in Sunderland’ at the time, adding again: ‘I couldn’t help it.’ Sir Elton, himself a huge football fan, would have been keenly aware of the rivalry between Sunderland and Newcastle. He seemed to enjoy the reaction that came with his comment, reciprocating the banter easily. The father-of-two went on to praise fans in the North East, saying he would ‘never forget the love and loyalty and kindness you have shown me over the years.’ His Farewell Yellow Brick Road tour is finally on the road after being delayed by the Covid-19 pandemic and Sir Elton’s recent health issues, including a hip injury for which he underwent surgery. The star insists he is now in ‘top health’ and ready to bid farewell to his millions of fans across the globe, with a massive concert to be held this week in London. Sir Elton had played over 40 arena dates across North America before jetting off to Europe and the UK, including for some rescheduled dates. The critically acclaimed show takes the audience on an incredible journey through Sir Elton’s 50-year career with never-before-seen photos and videos, all set to the tune of the icon’s legendary catalogue of songs. First announcing his final stint on the road, Sir Elton said he wants to spend more time with husband David Furnish and their two sons, Zachary, 11, and Elijah, nine. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island fans stumped after Liam Llewellyn admits he thought Elton John was two people: ‘We’ve struck gold already’ MORE : Elton John still standing as he walks hand-in-hand with son after wheelchair pictures worry fans 