Arsenal have been tipped to sign ‘really good player’ Youri Tielemans after completing a £34m deal for Fabio Vieira, with former England striker Darren Bent expecting further business at the Emirates this summer. Mikel Arteta spent around £150m on the likes of Ben White, Aaron Ramsdale and Martin Odegaard last summer, but the Spanish manager wants to oversee another spending spree to get Arsenal closer to Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea. The Gunners have already added American goalkeeper Matt Turner and Brazilian forward Marquinhos to Arteta’s squad, while they are set to confirm a £34m deal for Portuguese midfielder Vieira. Vieira completed his medical in north London on Friday and Porto have confirmed they have agreed to sell the 22-year-old to Arsenal. Arteta was especially keen to sign a new midfielder after watching his side struggle following Thomas Partey’s injury setback towards the end of last season. Arsenal have also been linked with moves for Leicester City star Tielemans and Southampton captain James Ward-Prowse, with former Premier League striker Bent expecting Arteta to sign another midfielder despite Vieira’s arrival. Asked whether Vieira’s move will prevent Arsenal from signing £25m-rated Foxes star Tielemans, Bent told talkSPORT: ‘No, I am hoping there is still an opportunity for Tielemans to come in as well. ‘He’s a good player. A really good player. You can’t just have one player for every position. ‘Arsenal are in Europe again, so I am sure there is more money to spend. Partey doesn’t stay fit, so we need as many good players as we can.’ Incoming Arsenal signing Vieira is somewhat of an unknown quantity. His name will not be familiar to many fans in England, although he did enjoy a breakthrough season for Porto in 2021-22. Former Gunners midfielder Jack Wilshere has already given his verdict on Vieira’s move, telling talkSPORT: ‘I will be honest, I haven’t heard too much about him but I looked him up on YouTube when I saw the news break. ‘He looks good. Everyone looks good on YouTube but he looks like he has got a bit about him. Six goals and 14 assists from midfield. That’s impressive. ‘We all knew that Arsenal had to make some signings because they are in Europe. They need to get a bigger squad, so they are making moves, which is nice.’ While Arsenal may yet bring in another midfielder this summer, Arteta’s preference could be to sign a new striker, with Gabriel Jesus heavily linked with a £40m move to the Emirates. The Gunners offloaded Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in January and Alexandre Lacazette at the end of the season and Arsenal will need to sign a goalscorer ahead of the club’s return to Europe. Arsenal finished fifth in the Premier League last season and begin the 2022-23 campaign on August 5 with a trip to south London to face Crystal Palace. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 