Sir Lewis Hamilton is optimistic that his Mercedes car has the ability to challenge Red Bull and Ferrari for wins this season. This comes after the seven-time world champion finished third in Sunday’s Canadian Grand Prix, just behind Red Bull’s Max Verstappen and Ferrari’s Carlos Sainz Jr., claiming his first podium since the opening race of 2022 in Bahrain. While Hamilton never looked like challenging the frontrunners for the victory, the pace gap was significantly closer in Montreal than it had been at previous grand prix. ‘It feels great to be in amongst the battle,’ the 37-year-old said post-race. ‘For a second, I was kind of keeping up with these guys. It’s given me and the team a lot of hope that there’s more to come from this car, the potential is there. ‘When you get a full race distance you find a lot out with the car. A lot to take from today. Got really good reliability. Great work from team. ‘Just got to keep our heads down. I know where I’m losing to these guys, so that’s where I’m going to focus on attacking to improve.’ As well as his first podium since Bahrain, it was also the first time since the season opener that Hamilton has finished ahead of teammate George Russell, who came home fourth. Despite the good result, Hamilton remains sixth in the standings, 34 points behind Russell who is fourth and 98 points behind championship leader Verstappen. While the issue of porpoising which has heavily affected Mercedes this year hasn’t gone away, the weekend’s result marks a big improvement in performance and the mood of the team from the last race in Azerbaijan, where Hamilton and Russell struggled with back pain. The Circuit Gilles Villeneuve has always been one of Hamilton’s favourites, having taken his maiden race win there in 2007, and the Brit has won seven grand prix at the track, a record he holds alongside Michael Schumacher. ‘It was honestly one of the best feelings of the year to be back, especially in Montreal where I got my first win 15 years ago,’ he added. ‘And to be back up there, to feel the atmosphere, and the crowd was pretty special.’ MORE : ‘Proper racing’ – Max Verstappen extends championship lead after Canadian Grand Prix win MORE : Pierre Gasly ‘100% confirmed’ to be driving for AlphaTauri in 2023 For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 