Beyonce really isn’t one to do things by halves, dropping a stunning photoshoot on the very day she announced her new album. The Beyhive was sent into a spin when it was revealed that her comeback project, Renaissance, is set to be released on July 29, after some intense speculation. Not content with throwing us all for a loop with the music news we’ve all been waiting for, the Partition singer, 40, decided to surprise the world with one more gift. In a new photoshoot for British Vogue, she could be seen looking regal as ever in a black gown with a matching feathered head piece, on top of a bright red horse. We have no idea why, but we’re living for it. Other pictures saw her posing on top of a giant sparkly disco ball in a pink headpiece, with the dreamiest knee-high, animal print boots to match, before swapping things up with a gold coat and planetary earrings. She remained naturally guarded in the chat with the publication, which saw editor Edward Enninful discussing their recent dinner together and giving us a tease of the new music we can look forward to. ‘Instantly, a wall of sound hits me. Soaring vocals and fierce beats combine and in a split second I’m transported back to the clubs of my youth,’ he said. ‘I want to get up and start throwing moves. It’s music I love to my core. ‘Music that makes you rise, that turns your mind to cultures and subcultures, to our people past and present, music that will unite so many on the dance floor, music that touches your soul. As ever with Beyoncé, it is all about the intent. I sit back, after the wave, absorbing it all. ‘The creation has been a long process, she explains, with the pandemic giving her far longer to spend thinking and rethinking every decision. Just the way she likes it.’ Bey subtly sounded a silent alarm to prepare fans for her next project recently, suddenly wiping her profile pictures from her various social media accounts. Her Instagram and Twitter bios now read: ‘Act i, RENAISSANCE, 7.29’. Spotify followed suit, sharing an image reading: ‘Act i, Renaissance’. ‘The countdown has officially begun. Beyoncé’s back July 29,’ the streaming platform said. Apple Music added: ‘@Beyonce’s #RENAISSANCE coming July 29.’ The details of Renaissance have not been announced just yet, with the mention of ‘part i’ suggesting more ‘parts’ to come. Bey has been dropping hints of the title for months, teasing a ‘renaissance’ in a chat with Harper’s Bazaar last summer. The mom-of-three said: ‘I feel a renaissance emerging, and I want to be part of nurturing that escape in any way possible. ‘I’ve been in the studio for a year and a half.’ Spilling the beans on what we can expect, a source added to Metro.co.uk: ‘She played some of the new records for some friends and the consensus is that it’s her happiest body of work to date. ‘It’s a natural continuation from her last two records because she wrote them out of her desire to find peace in the world and in her marriage. She is in a place where she feels like that is possible, and wrote songs which reflect where she is with her faith as a Christian.’ ‘The songs they heard are pure summer vibes. The UK division of her label have asked her to spend more time over there because they know the Brits will love her dramatic new sound.’ Beyonce’s new album Renaissance Act I is out on July 29. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ewan McGregor floored by ‘eye-opening’ homoerotic fan art with Hayden Christensen from Obi-wan Kenobi fans: ‘F**king hell!’ MORE : Katherine Ryan says female comics are in a ‘constant state of vigilance’ after revealing sexual ‘predator’ confrontation 