I am delighted to be the guest editor for the news section of Metro.co.uk, as part of the 50th anniversary of Britain’s first Pride parade in July. I took on this role because I wanted to shine a light on LGBTQ+ issues that I care about passionately, some of which do not receive much coverage. You will see from the stories I have pulled together that my concerns are both UK-focused and international. Right from when I first began LGBTQ+ campaigning aged 17, in 1969, I’ve always seen our struggle as a global one. We cannot rest until every LGBTQ+ person on this planet is free and equal. The stories published today include memories of the first Pride in the UK in 1972 from the veterans who were there. Plus a selection of my personal recollections of Prides over the last five decades. We also feature 50 photos to mark 50 years of Pride. Our coverage includes an interview with Nas Mohamed, the first openly gay person from Qatar – a country where LGBTQ+ people face prison and conversion therapy to turn them straight. Qatar is seeking to project a more liberal image ahead of hosting the football World Cup in November. But the reality is very different, not just for LGBTQ+ people but also for abused women and migrant workers. There are interviews with LGBTQ+ Ukrainians about what it is like to live in a war zone and the impact the Russian invasion has had on their community. They now have to cope with the twin oppressions of homophobia and deadly military attack by Putin’s anti-LGBTQ+ regime. We also look at the most dangerous places in the world to be queer: places where state repression and mob violence force LGBTQ+ people to remain closeted and constantly look over their shoulders in fear of arrest and violent attack. In the coming days, we will also shine a light on the following issues: One of our articles explores LGBTQ+ community discontent at the way Pride has nowadays become so commercial and apolitical – and how the numbers in the parade are restricted to a mere 30,000 people, making Pride London one of the smallest Prides of any capital city in the western world. The event is also stung with punitive charges by Westminster council. There is a feature on the amazing new Queer Britain museum near Kings Cross in London. It is the first museum in the UK dedicated to documenting and exhibiting LGBTQ+ lives, culture and history. A milestone. We report on LGBTQ+ youth homelessness and the disturbing number of ethnic and religious minority teens who end up destitute on the street because of homophobic families. But they are not ignored and left vulnerable thanks to the support and housing help provided by the awesome Albert Kennedy Trust. China is going backwards. We expose increasing anti-LGBTQ+ repression: the forced cancellation of Pride events, censorship of LGBTQ+ social media and a crackdown on men on TV who are deemed to be insufficiently manly. There is a piece about anti-LGBTQ+ policies in the Commonwealth, where 35 out of 54 members states still criminalise same-sex relationships. Penalties range up to life imprisonment, under laws originally imposed by Britain when it was the colonial power. Discrimination and hate crime are rampant. This is in defiance of the Commonwealth Charter, which is supposed to guarantee equal human rights and protection against discrimination to all Commonwealth citizens. The Commonwealth Secretariat is mostly silent about this homophobia, biphobia and transphobia. Some LGBTQ+ people accuse it of capitulating to bigotry. They say the Commonwealth doesn’t want to offend anti-LGBTQ+ governments! Our reporters talk with gay Afghan, Nemat Sadat, who is getting LGBTQ+ people out of Afghanistan. We speak to some of the LGBTQ+ people he’s helped escape the Taliban. Despite the UK government’s promise to accept LGBTQ+ Afghan refugees, as of March this year, only 62 out of over 1,000 LGBTQ+ people at risk have been granted asylum here. Other features also include an Interview with India’s first openly gay royal, Manvendra Singh, who in 2006 became the first out gay prince in the world. He discusses the reaction to his coming out, including being disowned by his parents, and his charitable work for LGBTQ+ people and people with HIV/AIDS. I really hope that these stories will alert you to some under the radar LGBTQ+ issues that are not much known. Lastly, veterans from the first Pride invite you to join them on July 1 at 1pm at St Martin’s church in Trafalgar Square to celebrate the exact 50th anniversary of the 1972 march. With the support of Stonewall, UK Black Pride and the Peter Tatchell Foundation, they will retrace the route of the 1972 Pride march to Hyde Park Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 