People have been urged to check on elderly relatives and vulnerable loved ones this week, with parts of the UK to face 34°C heat. A Level 2 Heat-Health Alert has been issued for the much of southern and central England, with a Level 1 Alert also in place for northern England. It could be hotter than the likes of Portugal, Costa Rica and Cyprus this week. The alert acts as an early warning system forewarning of periods of high temperatures, which may affect the health of the public. Agostinho Sousa, head of extreme events and health protection at the UK Health Security Agency, explained that people shout be wary of heat exhaustion. He said: ‘Temperatures are forecast to reach 30°C in some parts of the south on Friday and we want everyone to enjoy the hot weather safely when it arrives and be aware of good health advice for coping with warmer conditions. ‘During periods of hot weather it is especially important to keep checking on those who are most vulnerable, such as older people and those with heart or lung conditions. ‘Make sure to look out for signs of heat exhaustion and follow our simple health advice to beat the heat.’ The Heat-Health Alert service operates in England from 1 June to 15 September each year, in association with UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA). It is designed to help healthcare professionals manage through periods of extreme temperature. The Met Office’s deputy chief meteorologist, Dan Rudman, said: ‘Temperatures will continue to rise as we go through the week, becoming well above-average by Friday when many parts of the southern half of the UK are likely to exceed 30°C and may even reach 34°C in some places.’ ‘This is the first spell of hot weather this year and it is unusual for temperature to exceed these values in June. ‘Many areas will also see some warm nights with minimum temperatures expected to be in the high teens or even low 20°Cs for some overnight. ‘The heat is a result of a mix of home-grown warming in the day due to high pressure, as well as a southerly airflow introducing some of the warm air from the continent to UK shores.’ The highest temperature reached in the UK so far this year is 27.5°C at Heathrow on 17th May. Forecasters predict that record will be beaten on Thursday or Friday as temperatures continue to rise as the week continues. Currently, London is due 31°C temperatures on Friday, with similar highs in the likes of Surrey, Bristol and Oxford. Meanwhile Manchester, Liverpool and Leeds are forecast slightly lower temperatures of 28°C. Scotland will face further rain as the weekend approaches with cooler temperatures in the Highlands, but highs of 27°C are still due in the Central Belt. The Environment Agency say there will be a ‘low-risk’ of drought this summer, but that further hot weather ‘could put pressure on some areas.’ A spokesperson from the service said: ‘Dry weather this spring has led to receding river flows and reservoir levels across central and south western England in particular. ‘Early June rainfall has offered some relief with river flows improving compared to the end of May, however a third of river flows remain below normal for the time of year. ‘As always, we continue to work with water companies and wider stakeholders to closely monitor water resources and take action, where necessary. ‘People should use water wisely and follow advice from their suppliers.’ Not everyone in the UK has enjoyed the recent increase in warm spells. In Scotland, ex-tropical storm Alex brought gale force winds and heavy rain across much of the country. And so-called ‘super pollen’ has also caused chaos for hay-fever sufferers over the last week. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.