A drone interceptor that could be used at football matches to smash targets out of the sky is being developed by British defence experts. The advanced counter-measure can fly at in excess of 80 metres per second as it zones in on an unmanned aerial system (UAS) and hurtles into it. The innovative technology is being developed in response to the increasing weaponisation and nefarious use of drones in civilian and military settings. One example is an attack on an oil storage site near Abu Dhabi Airport in the UAE, for which Houthi forces in Yemen claimed responsibility. A blast resulting from the long-range drone strike in January triggered an explosion that killed three people working for an oil company. Closer to home, an aerial vehicle stopped play between Brentford and Wolves the same month after it hovered over the London club’s stadium. Drones are banned from flying over grounds for safety reasons including the risk that they could fall and injure a player or spectator or have the ‘potential for terrorist activity’. With the increasing weaponisation of the highly adaptable hardware, also evidenced on the battlefield in Ukraine, a British team working for global technology company MARSS has developed the rapid interceptor to keep ahead of the potential threats. Stephen Scott, head of research and development, said: ‘The concept essentially has all of the machine learning and image processing intelligence that we use on our ground-based sensor systems but is able to fly extremely fast over several kilometres and physically impact the threat drone system. ‘Through the physical damage it essentially knocks the target out of the sky. ‘It’s designed to address the threat in all environments, it’s not a military-specific system, although I’m sure there are a lot of military-use cases. ‘MARSS’s focus is about protecting infrastructure and protecting people and you can imagine it being deployed to protect critical national infrastructure globally or for large events, for instance the Olympics and big football and sporting events.  Because it’s entirely software-controlled we are able to limit who uses it, where they use it and what they use it against.’ Because the interceptor does not involve projectiles or missiles, it is feasible that it could be used in everyday settings, finally providing a visible counter-measure at major public events. Radar or other ground-based sensors detect a hostile object and feed the data via core software to the interceptor, which launches vertically. An operator in the loop confirms the engagement and can abort the mission at any time. The robust unit has been given ‘dogfight’ capabilities in a design process that has also involved a team at the University of the West of England and the company’s industrial partners. The technology is being brought to the market at a time when graphic demonstrations of the increasing power and lethal capabilities of unmanned systems are in evidence across the world. In April, Turkish-made Bayraktar TB2 drones were said to have been used by Ukrainian forces to distract the crew of the Moskva, the flagship Russian warship, before it was sunk with missile strikes in the Black Sea. In another improvised use of UAS, a 15-year-old boy used a commercial model to help soldiers defending Kyiv target a Russian military column. Andrii Pokrasa revealed this week how he had turned his hobby to wartime use, helping the defenders to pinpoint troops and armour and ultimately stop the advance. Western allies are not the only people adapting the technology, which is growing increasingly powerful and adaptable. ‘We are seeing a lot of makeshift, weaponised drones in Ukraine being deployed quite successfully,’ Mr Scott said. ‘It seems inevitable given the success of those that we are going to see a proliferation of proper militarised versions of those technologies. ‘So in my mind the threat of those technologies is only going to increase in coming years.’ Adam Wilding-Webb, business development manager for MARSS, has been among defence experts around the world keeping a close watch of events on the battlefield. ‘Ukraine has been a test-bed for small drones, such as in a surveillance capacity to look at targets 10 to 30km away,’ he said. ‘The innovative and very agile approach of the Ukrainians, and it’s something the Russians have also looked at, has involved weaponising commercial drones, such as through taking a very rudimentary system and 3D-printing a tail-fin to make it fly through the air to reach its target much quicker and more accurately. This is something we can see in the next two to three years spilling into the domestic threat landscape. ‘From a defence perspective, key for us is supporting our clients with cost-effective ways to defeat these changing technologies.’ MARSS already specialises in detection and jamming systems but the autonomous interceptor is described by the company as a ‘never seen before’ counter-measure that uses artificial intelligence to identify and eliminate targets. Unlike versions already on the market, it is designed to be quicker, with a greater range, and to be able to survive contact with a smaller, commercial-type UAS. In May, Metro.co.uk revealed how drones have been seized at UK nuclear bases, with a report of a ‘swarm’ at one installation. The facilities are considered by the British experts to have robust detection and shielding systems but the general threat from small drones is growing, according to the team. High street models can be weaponised by loading improvised explosive devices, grenades or mortars, while groups with more know-how can make use of freely available hardware to build bigger models. Ranges have increased from 40 minutes to seven hours, while speeds can reach 450mph. Another Metro.co.uk investigation showed how Russian proxy forces were using parts from a wide range of sources to build drones – including kit from countries with bans on supplying military hardware to the country. The interceptor is being developed in the company’s Bristol research and development office and is expected to be available to the first customers in around a year’s time. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.