Travis Barker’s daughter Alabama has shared a picture of the Blink-182 drummer in hospital, in a now-deleted TikTok. The 16-year-old had shared a photo of her holding her dad’s hand without showing his face, but showing he was sitting up in bed and holding his phone. She captioned the TikTok post ‘Please say a prayer,’ with a pink heart emoji added to the image. Yesterday, photos emerged of the 46-year-old musician being carried into an ambulance on a stretcher before being taken to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center with wife Kourtney Kardashian by his side. The couple had earlier attended West Hills hospital on Tuesday morning due to a medical issue Travis was experiencing, reports claimed. Neither Travis nor Kourtney have shared a public update on the rocker’s condition, but his daughter Alabama shared a message in her Instagram stories. Earlier today, the 16-year-old wrote alongside an emotional emoji: ‘Please send your prayers.’ Travis’ eldest child, son Landon, 18, performed on stage with Travis’ close friend Machine Gun Kelly in New York City just a few hours after his father’s reported medical emergency. He has since reposted footage from the gig in his Instagram stories but has not mentioned anything relating to his dad’s health. Travis has not publicly addressed the incident, but hours earlier tweeted: ‘God save me.’ Travis and Kourtney got married in May this year during a ceremony in Portofino, Italy, surrounded by their family and friends, including Kourtney’s children, Mason 12, Penelope, nine, and seven-year-old Reign – who she has with former partner Scott Disick, and her sisters and mum Kris Jenner. On Travis’s side were his two children Landan and Alabama, who he shares with ex-wife Shanna Moakler, as well as stepdaughter Atiana De La Hoya, 23, and friends including Machine Gun Kelly and his Blink-182 bandmate Mark Hoppus. Kourtney and Travis have tied the knot twice before, first getting hitched in Las Vegas after the Grammys without an official marriage licence, and then saying their vows outside a courthouse in Santa Barbara. They went public with their romance in early 2021 before getting engaged in October, which was shared in an episode of the new The Kardashians series. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Travis Barker taken to hospital in ambulance with Kourtney Kardashian by his side MORE : Travis Barker’s daughter Alabama asks for ‘prayers’ after Blink-182 drummer is hospitalised with wife Kourtney Kardashian by his side 