Tom Cruise maintains his ‘authority’ by never apologising, even when he’s wrong- at least according to Simon Pegg. The Top Gun: Maverick star has a stellar career in action blockbusters, with Maverick enjoying huge success at the box office and two new Mission: Impossible films in the works. British comedy legend Simon has worked with Tom on multiple Mission: Impossible films, and has now revealed what the actor is like to work with. In an interview with The Times, Hot Fuzz actor Simon claimed Tom – who he has known for 16 years – taught him to ‘never accept responsibility for a mistake’. Insisting it was ‘in a funny way,’ Simon explained: ‘If something goes wrong and it’s his fault, he’ll flatly deny it. ‘And then if someone corrects him, instead of saying sorry, he’ll just say “Yeah,” and wink at me.’ Simon recalled how he himself once admitted to making a mistake, which Tom reportedly warned him – ‘with a wry smile’ – not to do again. ‘He maintains his authority by never being to blame for anything,’ Simon suggested. Action star Tom is currently starring in the massively anticipated Top Gun sequel, released 36 years after the 1986 classic. It has proved a huge hit with cinema-goers by giving Tom his first ever $100million (£79m) opening weekend at the US box office. Elsewhere in the same interview, Simon opened up on his battle with alcoholism and depression, and admitted he would be ‘dead’ by now if he hadn’t sought help. He said he ‘knew I was depressed’ but ‘didn’t know how to escape’ the feelings without drinking – so he ‘became addicted to the sensation of being numb, rather than the chemical addiction.’ He recalled one of the worst moments of his addiction, where he essentially blacked out for four days in San Diego following an appearance at Comic Con, referring to it as ‘pathetic’. Out of the missing days, he remembers sitting on the street eating pizza having lost his phone, briefly seeing Sigourney Weaver on a flight, and being in a hotel room in Santa Monica. The actor eventually checked in to the Priory addiction clinic to get clean from alcohol, which he says saved his life. ‘One hundred per cent [I would be dead today otherwise],’ he said. Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Tom for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Simon Pegg admits he’d ‘be dead’ if he hadn’t stopped drinking as he opens up on ‘worst times’ of alcoholism MORE : Tom Cruise ‘didn’t want to make another Top Gun’ – and Maverick director only had 30 minutes to convince him 