Steve Bray became famous while Theresa May was in power for yelling ‘Stop Brexit’. But under the Police Crime Sentencing and Courts Act which comes in to force today, the ‘Stop Brexit Man’ will no longer be able to conduct ‘noisy protests’ outside the Palace of Westminster. Video footage shows the moment the activist was surrounded by 20 uniformed police officers who attempted to confiscate his speaker. This has not dissuaded the Remainer, who says he will replace every amp police take. Mr Bray hit out at the ‘fascist’ protest laws and said he would refuse to pay any fines he might be issued with. There were a few scuffles as police turned off his speaker and his famous hat was hit off his head by one of the officers. Mr Bray is a former coin dealer turned failed Lib Dem parliamentary candidate. Talking to LBC about the moment it all happened, he said he had no worries about getting arrested by police. He said: ‘I’m here, protesting as normal, I’ve been protesting for the last six years or so and the police warned me twice and I said, “no we’re a protest, I’m not recognising this fascist law that Priti Patel has pushed through Parliament”. ‘I put the amp on again… and they came over and started to seize the two amplifiers. ‘I’m very angry but at the end of the day amplifiers are replaceable. We need more people here, we need more noise because I ain’t going to let these b******* grind me down, none of us are. ‘This has fast become a fascist state, when the laws don’t suit them, they change them to suit them and that’s when we need to start worrying.’ Once officers seized his equipment, Mr Bray was seen talking to a police officer about how corrupt the government is. He also tweeted: ‘So apparently I’ve been summonsed and the case will go to court. Obviously I’m going to elect Trial by Jury but I may need some legal help.’ Talking about today’s incident, Jun Pang, policy and campaigns officer at Liberty told Metro.co.uk: ‘Protest is not a gift from the state, it is a fundamental right. ‘Being able to choose what, how, and when we protest is a vital part of a healthy, functioning democracy, and nowhere is this more important than at sites of power like Parliament – especially at a time when the government is bringing in laws that make it harder to challenge them. ‘Protests are by nature “noisy” and “disruptive”. It is very worrying the police have already started enforcing the broad powers within the Policing Act in such a heavy-handed and punitive way. ‘As the government tries to push through further attacks on protest in the Public Order Bill and the Rights Removal Bill, we must all oppose these measures that will make it much harder for us all to stand up for what we believe in.’ The action by police was welcomed by former minister Conservative MP Andrea Leadsom. She said: ‘Steve Bray has spent six years screaming abuse through a loudhailer at me and many others as often as he saw us for the “crime” of trying to fulfil the democratic decision of the UK to leave the EU. This action by the police to stop his violent protest is very welcome.’ But her tweet faced criticism as there is no evidence of Mr Bray being involved in a ‘violent protest’. James Felton commented: ‘Generous of you to fund his legal costs by libeling him as violent immediately.’ Matt D tweeted: ‘Screenshotted before it’s mistakenly deleted by her.’ Meanwhile, Labour MP and former shadow justice secretary Richard Burgon condemned the new law. He said: ‘For years, Steve Bray has protested outside the building my office is in. It’s loud and, at times, annoying – just as protests should be! ‘It’s another sign of the creeping authoritarianism of this government that the new anti-protest laws are being used to target such protests.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.