Tiffany Youngs, the wife of ex England rugby player Tom Youngs, has died at the age of 35. Youngs had battled Hodgkin Lymphoma, a type of blood cancer, since 2014 but was told it was terminal after three years. In 2018, she was then told she was in a state of remission. Leicester Tigers confirmed the news of Youngs’ death on Wednesday, saying in a statement: ‘Leicester Tigers are deeply saddened by the news that Tiffany Youngs has passed away after her heroic battle with illness. ‘On behalf of everybody at the club, we send our condolences to the Youngs and Sands families. The club will be providing no further details and asks that the Youngs and Sands families have their privacy respected at this time.’ Her husband had retired from professional rugby in April, having taken a period of ‘indefinite leave’ in October 2021 to care for Youngs. Tom Youngs, also 35, was made captain at Leicester Tigers in 2016, having first played for the team in 2006. He also played for Bedford and Nottingham, and earned 28 caps for England in appearances from 2012 to 2015. The rugby star married his wife Tiffany in 2012, and the couple share a daughter, Maisie, born in 2014. Tom’s brother Ben Youngs, also a professional rugby star, pulled out of the British and Irish Lions squad tour of New Zealand in 2017, shortly after Youngs’ initial terminal diagnosis in 2017 to support his family. The rugby community have paid tribute to Youngs after hearing of her death, with  Barbarian FC calling her ‘an inspirational lady’. ‘Rest in peace, Tiffany,’ the club’s official Twitter account added. Britsh and Irish Lions also tweeted: ‘We are saddened to learn of Tiffany Youngs’ passing. Sending our condolences to the Youngs and Sands families.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sir Rod Stewart almost had to pull out of Queen’s Platinum Jubilee performance: ‘It was touch and go’ MORE : Love Island stars were barely walking when Gemma Owen’s dad Michael Owen was at height of football career 