Jay Z may be the coolest rapper in the world but he’s also become that embarrassing dad, at least according to daughter Blue Ivy’s reaction when he gave her a fatherly kiss in public. Beyonce’s husband and eldest daughter enjoyed another father-daughter date on Monday night, attending the NBA Finals game between the Golden State Warriors and Boston Celtics at the Chase Center in San Francisco. The pair, of course, had courtside seats so they could catch all the action up, front and centre, but it also meant their every moment and interaction was caught on the jumbotron for all to see. A clip has gone viral of the moment Jay Z, 52, realised he and Blue, 10, were being shown on the big screen. The 99 Problems rapper seized the opportunity to shower his daughter with love and sweetly planted a kiss on her cheek, but the youngster was having none of it and tried to shrug his arm from around her shoulder while she was seen mouthing ‘stop my hair!’ It seems Blue has become every teenager before even turning 13. Needless to say, the internet has loved seeing the rare interaction of Blue putting her famous dad in his place. One fan tweeted: ‘Haha she is so embarrassed,’ but another offered their own theory and replied: ‘She’s not embarrassed. She was concerned about her hair.’ ‘Baby said “dad my hair”. i know that right niece lol,’ another agreed. One added: ‘Lil mama said don’t smoosh her hair!!! Such a gorgeous girl.’ Some saw a strong resemblance between Blue and her mum, while others felt she was the spitting image of her dad, but one fan joked: ‘She be looking like whatever parent she with at the moment lol.’ Blue has certainly grown up since the last time she was seen earlier this year, with the pre-teen sporting huge natural curls and even a dash of lipgloss. She wore a cool graphic T-shirt with a leather jacket on top, a pair of sunglasses tucked into the top of her tee, large hoop earrings and a pair of Nike dunks. She appears to share her father’s love of sports as the two are often seen at sporting events together. In February, Blue and Jay Z attended the Super Bowl together and they were also pictured at an NFL game the previous month. Beyonce, 40, was no doubt at home with her and Jay Z’s twins Rumi and Sir, who celebrated their fifth birthday on Sunday. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Marilyn Monroe dress Kim Kardashian wore to the Met Gala appears to be damaged despite ‘great care’ MORE : Molly-Mae Hague caught up in huge queues at Manchester Airport amid travel chaos while jetting off to next destination 