Katie Price has been spotted picking up some bargains during a shopping trip after flying out to Thailand with Carl Woods following her recent court date. The former glamour model, 44, and her fiancé, 33, were seen picking out some purchases in H&M during their travels as they topped up their holiday wardrobes. Katie kept it casual for the outing in Koh Samui, rocking a white Ralph Lauren dress with a Gucci bumbag around her waist, as well as high-heeled Crocs. The bright pink hybrid Croc with a high heel is believed to be from the brand’s collaboration with Balenciaga and retails at a cool £450, which she wore as a mule rather than in ‘sports mode’ with the strap at the back folded down. Katie and Carl had flown to Thailand earlier in the week after the mother-of-five avoided a prison sentence for breaching a restraining order. She had pleaded guilty to breaching the five-year order not to contact Michelle Penticost, which was put in place in 2019 by messaging ex-husband Kieran Hayler about her. Katie was handed an 18-month community order to carry out 170 hours of unpaid work with the judge adding: ‘In my judgment, this offence was committed out of anger. ‘The words you used were highly offensive and inflammatory so the breach cannot be considered minor. ‘In my judgment, balancing the aggravating and mitigating factors, the appropriate sentence is a medium-level community order.’ It is claimed that Katie had already booked her holiday before her court appearance and told fans she was filming a travel show. She wrote on her Instagram story: ‘Started filming today my new travel TV show. Lots of stops to do, lots of adventures and can’t wait until airs. I’m so lucky I get jobs abroad.’ A source told The Sun: ‘It never even occurred to her to cancel – she was so confident she wouldn’t be jailed. ‘She’s told friends she’s ready to party after a stressful few weeks.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price matches with fiance Carl Woods as she jets to Thailand after swerving jail for breaching restraining order MORE : Katie Price ‘reported to police again after sending Kieran Hayler’s fiancee message and breaching restraining order’ 