The Ministry of Defence has accused Russia of firing 1960s-era missiles with low accuracy into Ukraine. UK officials said the invading army is using anti-ship missiles meant to destroy aircraft carries against land targets. It said the 5.5-ton Kh-22 missiles are highly inaccurate and can cause severe collateral damage and casualties. They were designed to carry nuclear warheads at sea but appear to have been re-eqquiped with conventional bombs for land use, intellgience suggested. MOD officials said Russia is likely using such weapons because it is running short of more precise modern missiles. It gave no details of where exactly such munitions are thought to have been deployed and there was no immediate confirmation from Ukrainian authorities of the use of the heavy missiles. The report also said Ukrainian air defences were still deterring Russian tactical aircraft from carrying out strikes across much of the country. The grinding campaign for control of eastern Ukraine is continuing with no end in sight. Kremlin troops continued to make slow progress overnight, according to the Ukrainian military. In its regular operational update, the army’s general staff managed to get a foothold overnight in the village of Bohorodychne, about 15 miles northwest of the key city of Sloviansk, and was preparing to attack it. The update said that the threat of missile and airstrikes on Ukraine from Belarusian territory remains, noting that Minsk extended military exercises along the Ukrainian-Belarusian border until June 18. Kyiv has continued to call for more weapons to be sent by the West, with its army increasingly outmanned and outgunned now that Russia has focussed all its efforts on the Donbas. Vladimir Putin redirected the entirety of his war machine on the eastern region following the disastrous failure to take Kyiv. Moscow-backed separatists have held parts of the region since 2014 but have increased their foothold from 7% of Ukraine’s territory to around 20% in recent months. Mykhailo Podolyak, an adviser to Ukraine’s president, told the BBC this week that the daily loss of 100 to 200 Ukrainian soldiers is the result of a ‘complete lack of parity’ between Ukraine and Russia. He said only more advanced Western weaponry will turn back the Russian offensive and force Moscow to the negotiating table. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.