Waistcoats are no longer the staple of stuffy businessmen in three-piece suits and hospitality staff handing out food on trays at weddings. It probably wasn’t on your 2022 bingo card, but the waistcoat has come back in fashion for style-savvy women – and they’re not like you know them. In the last year, John Lewis reported a 53% increase in searches for waistcoats, and it doesn’t look like it’s a trend that’s going anywhere fast. Celebrities and influencers have been spotted donning tailored waistcoats as tops for a sexy twist on the tailored garment, while baggy, androgynous cuts give a streetwear edge. In fact, rather than a strictly formal piece, the button-up vests of the new generation come in such a range of fits, colours, and materials that you can really make them your own. Layer with an oversized white t-shirt for a casual look, leaving the buttons open. If you’re brave enough, though, wear your waistcoat without anything underneath for nights out. Despite it being a structured and boxy item, you’d be surprised how sultry you feel in your best tailoring. These are the best waistcoats to buy now. Buy for £69 at John Lewis. Buy for £16 (reduced from £20) at Boohoo. Buy for £120 (reduced from £158) at Reiss. Buy for £25.99 at Asos. Buy for £38 at Urban Outfitters. Buy for £36 (reduced from £45) at Nasty Gal. Buy for £38 at Asos. Buy for £46 at Weekday. Buy for £35.99 at Stradivarius. Buy for £49.96 (reduced from £69.95) at Massimo Dutti. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How I Made It: Rankin on how he went from studying accountancy to photographing the Queen MORE : ‘I haven’t bought any new clothes for over four years – except knickers’: Meet the women who thrive on being thrifty