Gabriel Jesus is ready to swap Manchester City for Arsenal this summer despite the lack of Champions League at the Emirates. The Daily Mail say Brazilian striker Jesus is keen to move to Arsenal and reunite with former Man City assistant manager Mikel Arteta. Jesus has proven a reliable performer since his move to the Etihad in 2016, scoring 95 goals in 236 appearances. He contributed 13 goals and 12 assists in 41 games last season, although many of his appearances were as a substitute. During his time at Manchester City, Jesus has won the four Premier League titles, three EFL Cups and one FA Cup. Arsenal are ready to step up their interest in Jesus as Alexandre Lacazette closes in on a move away from north London. The Frenchman has agreed a deal to return to his former club Lyon and his departure will free up the funds needed to sign Jesus. Tottenham still intend to rival the Gunners for Jesus but reports say the 25-year-old is keen to work under Arteta and ready to sacrifice at least one season of Champions League football. Arsenal looked on course to finish in the top four for much of the 2021-22 season but endured a difficult end to the campaign to finish fifth, two points behind Spurs. Jesus scored in Brazil’s 5-1 win over South Korea on Thursday and said: ‘I’m looking to see what’s best for me and above all, for my career. From Tuesday, we’ll see what is the best.’ It appears that Jesus has become more inclined to leave Manchester City after seeing Norwegian superstar Erling Haaland complete a sensational move to the Etihad. While his game-time could have suffered even more next season, Jesus will be given a prominent role at Arsenal given the departures of Lacazette and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who joined Barcelona in January. Earlier this week, former Liverpool and England star John Barnes urged Jesus to join Arsenal over their north London rivals Tottenham. He told BonusCodeBets: ‘Gabriel Jesus could suit either Tottenham Hotspur or Arsenal. Both have good managers and are good clubs. ‘From a club perspective, Arsenal are more in need of a centre forward than Spurs when you look at the fact that they still have Harry Kane and Son Heung-min. ‘But this is modern football; in the old days if a club wanted you, you’d move there, there wasn’t an auction like it is today with other clubs. A player went to the club that came in for them, without a deal being highjacked. ‘From Jesus’s point of view, he also has to ask himself with Kane and Son if he’d be playing regularly in the same position, which he won’t. Arsenal need Jesus more and he’ll be better suited there.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 