Welcome to the £15million HQ of Moneypenny in Wrexham – an office that puts all of ours to shame. It’s got a treehouse, nature trails and a pub called the Dog ‘n’ Bone, which serves up draft lagers, real ales and house wines after the work day is done. It sits within 10 acres of Welsh countryside, which means it’s pretty picturesque inside and out, and every desk comes with a great view. The office’s meeting room is inside a treehouse perched 20ft above the reception desk. Life-size models of giraffes and sheep act as an artificial menagerie and staff have access to a gym. There’s a game room with a foosball and pool table, as well as a chill zones with bean bags and armchairs. New hires are given a ‘desk budget’ to personalise their workspace, and employees are encouraged to chat and hang out. And while the office was shut, managers arranged for each worker to receive either a turkey or nut roast at Christmas. A spokesperson said: ‘There are lots of little touches which make the atmosphere of the office so special. ‘There is no hot-desking, people are encouraged to personalise their desks and each desk is acoustically designed to ensure you don’t hear other people answering the phone. ‘Eating at your desk is not banned, but people are encouraged to socialise and eat together. ‘That’s why the eating areas are so lovely. There are also little nooks in the building with armchairs, so people can have some quiet time at lunchtime to read. ‘We obviously had to close the office during the pandemic but I would say the vast majority of people are now back in the office. People were very keen to come back.’ The telephone answering service currently employs around 900 workers, but the firm is currently looking to hire around 70 more people. Group CEO Joanna Swash said: ‘As a company, we’ve never done anything the conventional way and creating a brilliant atmosphere and happy place to work was really important to us. ‘When we made the decision to build a new headquarters, we asked ourselves how we can make sure our people will be happy there? ‘The answer was simple – ask them. We didn’t want to create a great workplace based on someone else’s vision of brilliant; we wanted it to be somewhere that our people love.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Man ditches his office job to go on epic 100,000-mile adventure around the world MORE : If you ask me to pick a side, I will chose the workers every time MORE : How to be more assertive in your work and life – six expert tips