The Queen thrilled crowds gathered to watch the final day of festivities celebrating her Platinum Jubilee with a surprise appearance from the Buckingham Palace balcony. It was a moment for the history books, filled with poignancy, as the frail one-of-a-kind monarch, resplendent in vivid green, stepped out to bid those gathered outside the gates farewell. Her 70-year milestone is unlikely to ever be repeated and tens of thousands crammed into The Mall to take their chance to serenade their sovereign with the national anthem in unison. Flanked by her three heirs – son, grandson and great-grandson – it offered a glimpse into the monarchy’s future. She shared the stage with just seven of her family – the Prince of Wales, the Duke of Cambridge and Prince George, as well as two future Queens – the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duchess of Cambridge – and Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Then with smiles and a few waves of her white-gloved hands, she turned and was gone, back through the doors, achieving her aim of being seen to be believed in less than three minutes. The Queen was on public view in person for just over 27 minutes throughout the weekend. But her presence was felt large – and the pre-recorded comedy sketch with Paddington bear brought a fresh light on her humour and love of fun. With the monarch confessing to not being able to move, observers will be questioning whether Elizabeth II will be asked take to the balcony again as she continues with her lifelong pledge to serve. The Queen later said she was ‘humbled and deeply touched’ by the nation’s reaction to her Jubilee celebrations, in a written message. ‘Seeing the Queen has been the best bit of this week’ Paula and Patrick Queenan, from Radlett in Hertfordshire, said the Queen and the royal family coming out on to the balcony was the best part of the jubilee celebrations. Mrs Queenan, 57, said: ‘Seeing the Queen come out on the balcony was amazing. ‘We didn’t know if she’d come or not. This was the first day that I’ve been here and this was the real highlight.’ Mr Queenan, 58, added: ‘I came for the fly past on Thursday and the atmosphere was fantastic. ‘Our daughter and her fiancé came down from Sheffield today. They’re both doctors and so they’re going to head back now and they’re on duty tonight. ‘We had a street party on Friday, the whole street came to ours and sang the National Anthem. Seeing the Queen has been the best bit of this week.’ An 82-year-old who witnessed the Queen’s coronation said it was ‘amazing’ to see the monarch again on her Platinum Jubilee. Anne Newing, from Sevenoaks in Kent, said: ‘I came to the coronation when I was 11 and I’m now 82, it was just incredible, just lovely.’ The octogenarian was impressed with the carnival parade, especially seeing the ‘golden coach come down with her photo in the window’. ‘Such a lot of hard work has gone into the costumes and to bring it all together – fantastic,’ she said. She was in London with her daughter, Susan Newing, 59, who said her mother took her to many royal events as a child. ‘I hope people will feel a great sense of pride’ Thousands gathered to watch the Platinum Jubilee Pageant, with the Prince of Wales, Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis looking on from the royal box. Charles spoke about the camaraderie the Jubilee celebrations have fostered, telling revellers at The Big Lunch’s flagship event in London he hoped ‘bickering’ does not return after the feeling of ‘togetherness’ across the nation. His sentiment was echoed by Pageant Master Adrian Evans, who has spent 18 months planning the £15 million event, featuring some 10,000 people including a cast of 6,000 performers. Mr Evans told BBC News: ‘I hope at the end of the day people will feel a great sense of pride in what they’ve seen, enjoyment in what they’ve seen, humour and joy is an important part of what we’re doing today but also connected, that we are much more connected then we think we are.’ The pageant was split into four acts: For Queen And Country with a military parade; The Time Of Our Lives progressing through seven decades of culture, music and fashion; Let’s Celebrate telling the story of the Queen’s life in 12 chapters with corgi puppets and carnival creations; and the Happy And Glorious musical spectacle. Moments before the Queen appeared, Ed Sheeran performed his song ‘Perfect’ as a tribute to Her Majesty and her late husband Prince Philip. The Gold State Coach, featuring archive footage of the Queen beamed onto the windows, led the parade of military units and it seemed as if the monarch was sat in the carriage. Later, celebrities travelled on decorated open top double-decker buses for the decade-by-decade celebrations. Close to 200 national treasures then took to the stage to serenade the Queen by singing the national anthem at the grand finale of the Platinum Jubilee festivities. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.