Laser hair removal is an efficient and effective way to have smooth, stubble-free skin on your legs, armpits, bikini line – or anywhere else – for months at a time. It’s an attractive treatment option for people who like to remove some or all of their body hair, because once you’ve been through a certain number of sessions your hair won’t grow back for ages – taking the hassle out of your beauty routine. However, like so many treatments and products within the beauty industry, it doesn’t cater for everybody. People with darker skin have been left behind, with traditional laser treatments failing to work for them – or even causing long-term damage. The reason for this was because of how earlier laser technology worked to target hair follicles. ‘Prior to now, laser hair for people with both dark hair and darker skin tones has been an issue for technology to distinguish,’ Paulo Leite, laser specialist at Arc Aesthetics and Laser tells Metro.co.uk. ‘That’s because laser therapy works by beaming intense light at the hair follicle, causing permanent damage so hair no longer grows. But because they target the pigment in the hair, it was typically the contrast between dark hair and lighter skin that helps the laser focus on its target. ‘Therefore, fair skin and dark hair was the ideal for treatment. For that reason, darker skin tones have been warned off laser treatments, as there has been a greater risk of pigmentation, light spots blisters, and even scarring.’ The good news is that this is changing. New technological developments have made laser hair removal treatments more inclusive, and there are now options that cater specifically for people with darker skin. According to aestheticians, one of the most effective devices on the market at the moment is the Lumenis SPLENDOR X system. Paulo says this is an advanced, safe and effective laser hair removal system that uses a combination of wavelengths that can be fired with adjustable proportions. ‘This enables us to customise and tailor the treatment to fit the patient’s specific skin type, hair colour and thickness for the most effective treatment,’ says Paulo. ‘With this laser, larger spots penetrate deeper, so there’s no overlap, less risk of burns and no retouching missed areas. This means patients can be treated quickly and accurately, within 30 minutes for the whole body.’ Do solid research ‘Make sure the clinic you plan to visit has extensive evidence of successful results on skin tones that are similar to yours,’ says Paulo. Thorough consultation Paulo adds that you should ensure that your laser provider is thorough in consultation before any treatments. ‘Not only should you expect the consultation to cover the normal topics you would see from any medical treatment, but it should also include your ethnicity, because different ethnicities – regardless of skin tone – react differently to lasers,’ he explains. Patch test Paulo says: ‘Your practitioner should always provide a patch test before administering full treatment.’ It’s not permanent You’ll need regular sessions to keep hair from growing back. How often sessions are needed varies for each person. For example, you may need a session to remove facial hair every four weeks, and for body hair every six-eight weeks. Side effects Laser hair removal is safe, but it can occasionally cause side effects – including pain, red skin that may last for a while. Rarely, side effects can also include: Pualo is confident that things are moving in the right direction. He acknowledges that laser technology has a history of excluding those with darker skin, but believes the aesthetics industry is making strides to ensure ‘skinclusivity’. ‘We can always be doing more, and it’s an area I am focusing on at Arc Aesthetics and Laser,’ Paulo tells us. ‘Skinclusivity is respecting and acknowledging the diversity of skin. Rather than rigid protocols for devices and technology, we should acknowledge that we are living in a multicultural society and that the physiology of skin types and tones is very different. ‘The very best tech should be available to all, which is why I love companies like Lumenis who are making their devices more inclusive. We need to ensure future technology is developed with everyone in mind, for all laser and aesthetic treatments.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Should we actually delete our period tracking apps in the UK? We ask the experts MORE : Beauty buys that give back to charities and social causes MORE : Going to Pride? Here’s how to do two glorious rainbow beauty looks