As part of our Pride Guest Editor Takeover this week, we have not one, but three – yes, three! – Guest Editors taking the reins on our social channels today. Or rather, we should we say reigns, as heading up our social team are the iconic Drag Race queens Tia Kofi, The Vivienne and Lawrence Chaney. Following hot on the heels of the likes of Rob Rinder, Peter Tatchell, Dr Ranj and Nicola Adams, over the last few weeks the trio have been working incredibly hard alongside our own social divas to create the most amazing content for you. (And that’s while they’ve also been prepping for their Pre-Pride Party at the Clapham Grand next month.) With this year marking 50 years of Pride, it’s been a time of reflection, so we asked Lawrence to handpick their top five Metro.co.uk pieces from the last year that they felt covered the issues closest to the community – from the importance of TV show Heartstopper to the government’s U-turn on conversion therapy. (A very hard task, apparently, as there were just so many key articles to choose from.) Also being shared on our social platforms today is our poignant two-part video series, Pieces of Me, which sees Tia Kofi – who has just released ‘Heart Beating’ with K-Pop’s first openly gay artist, MRSHLL – and The Vivienne share their own unique LGBTQ+ experiences. From Tia talking about the reality of being Black and queer to Vivienne reflecting on what drag really means to them, the pair offer a no holds barred insight into their highs and lows. Of course, no Queen Takeover is complete without a game, so in our brilliantly titled video quiz ‘Drag, Meh’, we ask our Guest Eds to tell us whether they thought a big pop culture moment was all that, or just a bit… meh. So find out what The Vivienne and Tia Kofi really think about Lady Gaga’s meat dress and Charlie XCX signing a douche… oh, and we even get their verdict on our very own social producer Torin’s attempt at drag. A moment definitely not to be missed. MORE : Nicola Adams: ‘Be your true self in a world that is always telling you to be something else’ MORE : Rob Rinder: ‘I want to highlight the joy of the LGBT+ community’ MORE : Dr Ranj: ‘Being proud was not a feeling I grew up with’ MORE : Peter Tatchell: ‘We cannot rest until every LGBT person is free and equal’ 