Here’s a story that shows that second-hand (or third, or fourth-hand?) clothing is so much better than buying something new. A mum has shared a photo of her daughter wearing a rather special dress for the Platinum Jubilee. It’s a rather brilliant outfit in itself; a white babydoll style stitched with the Queen’s Guards and a royal horse and carriage. But it’s the back story that really makes this dress special: the little girl’s great-grandmother, Ann, actually wore the very same one to Her Majesty’s coronation, back in 1952. Kerry Ann Searchfield, 30, from Bristol, dressed her daughter, two-year-old Brooke Elsie Ann, in the family heirloom as part of this weekend’s celebrations. The exact same outfit was worn by Brooke’s great-grandmother Ann when she was also two years old to mark Her Majesty’s coronation in 1952. The handmade, hand-stitched dress is still in great condition, too. This is no bit of cheaply-made fast fashion. ‘Seeing my daughter wear this special dress is really beautiful,’ Kerry Ann said. ‘It really means a lot. ‘My great-grandmother brought my nan up as a single parent back in the 1950s, which was a huge deal then. ‘She made all her clothes as she was a seamstress by trade. The embroidery was all by hand. It’s incredible. ‘My nan has been keeping it in good condition all these years. ‘She showed me a picture when I was pregnant with Brooke and I remembering saying: “How amazing would it be if Brooke wore it when Prince Charles is crowned!?” ‘But even more amazing that it’s for the Platinum Jubilee.’ The photos of the hand-me-down have been a massive hit on Facebook, where Kerry Ann shared two side-by-side pics with the caption: ‘How cute is this!? The black and white photo is my Nan when she was two years old, wearing a dress that her mother had made for her to mark the occasion of the Queen’s coronation. ‘Nearly 70 years later, there is my daughter, aged two and a half, wearing the very same dress. Very special indeed! ‘Just wish my great grandmother was here to see it!’ ‘This is so special,’ wrote one commenter. ‘The Queen would love this.’ Another person said: ‘I know it’s early in the week to say this, but best Jubilee post ever. I’ll be honest I’m a bit “meh!” about the Jubilee in general BUT I love everything about this post. ‘I’m sure your great grandmother would be absolutely beaming with pride to know her dress has been cherished and is being worn in 2022.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The Queen’s cucumber sandwiches have a secret ingredient you need to try adding MORE : Thrifty mum buys all her clothes and furniture second-hand – and saves loads of cash as a result MORE : DIY mum quits her job to turn cheap scaffolding boards into stylish furniture