A young woman killed in a car crash had just become the legal guardian of her two teenage sisters. Natalie Marshall, 25, was fatally injured when her Mercedes C Class left the road and collided with a tree on the outskirts of Darlington at 3.15am on Friday, June 17. A 21-year-old man who was also in the car at the time was badly hurt. Natalie, who worked in sales for EE, lived with her younger sisters Corrina-Mae, 17, and Shannon, 14, in St Helen Auckland, near Bishop Auckland, County Durham and had just become their legal guardian. Now, the local community is rallying around to support the teens following their big sister’s death. Shannon Murray, 25, a close family friend has started an online fundraiser to help provide for Natalie’s sisters, and is helping look after them. ‘Shannon and Corrina were Natalie’s world and she fought so hard to make sure both girls had a good life,’ Shannon said. ‘She put them kids before herself and she would make sure they were ok. ‘She grafted her backside off to make sure they had everything they wantedat Christmas and for birthdays. ‘She had been waiting for years to have guardianship. She had just finallygot it and now we have tragically lost her.’ Chloe Coleman, Natalie’s older sister, who has two young children of herown, has taken over the legal guardianship of the girls and Shannon is helpingto look after them. ‘We are looking to make sure the girls are ok and don’t have to have any worries going forward,’ Shannon added. She said so far the fundraiser has reached £2,000 which would be put into a bank account to pay for essentials for the girls and help out with social activities and ‘everything Natalie would have done for them’. Shannon said her friends and loved ones are still ‘numb’ after Natalie’s death and are unable to process what has happened. ‘She was the one with the big personality out of all of us,’ she said. ‘She was the life and soul of everyone’s party. What has happened has shockedall of us. ‘Natalie was very well known and very well-liked around Bishop and WestAuckland, and the reaction has been overwhelming. ‘She was very social and would always be doing daft little things. She was amazing and always lived every day as if it was her last. ‘Her death has left a very big hole in everyone’s hearts. ‘Everyone has always said: “There is only one Natalie Marshall”.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.