Kate Lawler has married partner Martin Bojtos in a stunning ceremony in East London on Saturday. The former Big Brother winner, 41, was seen posing with her new husband outside their wedding venue in Shoreditch as they both beamed with smiles. Kate opted for a fishtail lace gown with a sweetheart neckline and off-the-shoulder detail, paired with a diamante tiara and a cascading veil, leaving her sandy blonde hair in loose waves. Martin wore a tuxedo with a white jacket with a black bow tie, as the happy couple posed with their guests for photographs. Kate and Martin share one-year-old daughter Noa who was dressed in an organza dress of her own as she was held in her dad’s arms for the pictures. The couple had been forced to push their wedding date back due to the Covid-19 pandemic, having originally planned to tie the knot in June 2020. They had rearranged for a year later in 2021 but were still not able to go ahead with it due to ongoing lockdown restrictions, but were finally able to do it this year with friends and family in attendance. The night before their wedding, Kate had told her followers: ‘Finally written my vows, my wedding dress has arrived and I’ve had my spray tan for tomorrow!’ She added: ‘It’s quite a surreal feeling the day before your wedding and this past week I’ve experienced a multitude of emotions! Poor Boj. ‘I just want to say thank you for all of your lovely messages so far and in advance of tomorrow as I’m not sure how much I’ll be on my phone but rest assured, I’ll be checking in with my husband and flower girl at some point for a little surprise. ‘I’m really looking forward to sharing snaps and videos of our wedding day on here with you guys, you’ve always been so supportive and kind, but most importantly I can’t wait to finally be Mrs Bojtos (pronounced Boy-Tosh) for the rest of my days.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kate Lawler admits she ‘feels old’ with throwback snaps with Alison Hammond to mark 20 years since Big Brother MORE : Kate Lawler quits Virgin radio show after six years following mystery illness: ‘I really tried to make it work’ 