Love Island’s Liam Llewellyn has quickly put the chaos of being left single behind him, as he awaits dates with both new bombshells, Afia Tonkmor and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu. Viewers saw Liam put back on the subs bench on Tuesday after newcomer Davide Sanclimenti decided to couple up with Gemma Owen. The daughter of football legend Michael Owen couldn’t hide her attraction for the Italian stallion and was buzzing as they got to go on their first date tonight. While she unconvincingly reassured Liam that she was still interested in getting to know him, it was clear to those watching her interests were moving elsewhere. Luckily for Liam, he was given a lifeline after two new girls entered the villa in the closing moments of Wednesday’s episode. Luca received a text, which obviously meant something huge was about to happen. It read: ‘Boys, tonight two girls will enter the Villa. The public have been voting for which boys they should date. #MakeItADouble.’ Liam was then informed, also via text, that he would be going on a date with both Afia and Ekin-Su, while Gemma looked on in the background. Earlier on in the programme, Davide, 27, explained to Liam, 22, why he’d decided to couple up with Gemma, 19. He said: ‘I had to do it, don’t take it personally. To be honest, we spoke on the terrace as well and we were laughing a lot.’ ‘I was a bit gutted. It’s a punch in the stomach type feeling. You never want that,’ Liam said. Ekin-Su, 27, is originally from Essex and works as an actress, while Afia, 25, who’s from London, works as a lounge host at a private members’ club. But will either of them see sparks fly with Liam on their respective dates? Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Where does Love Island’s Paige Thorne work as a pandemic? MORE : Love Island’s Liam Llewellyn also has a former sports star father, just like Gemma Owen 