A teenager who knocked out a woman who had challenged her friend for grabbing a man’s bottom on a night out has been spared jail. Fiona Hoyle, 19, punched Kealey Smith while pulling her hair before kicking and stamping her after she fell to the floor unconscious during a night out in Portsmouth in August 2020, a court heard. The pair had got into a dispute after their groups spilled out onto the street outside a nightclub at 2am and waited for taxis home. Hoyle’s friend, beauty therapist Scarlett Bareham, touched one of Ms Smith’s male friends in front of his girlfriend. Gareth Burrows, prosecuting, told the court: ‘Ms Smith said “he has a girlfriend, you can’t do that”. ‘With that, Miss Hoyle responds by saying she didn’t care. Ms Smith says “well you should”. ‘Miss Hoyle then swung a punch to the face with a lot of force. Hoyle continued to punch Ms Smith one hand while pulling her hair with the other so hard that her extensions were ripped off, Portsmouth Crown Court was told. Mr Burrows continued: ‘She fell to the floor, blacked out and rendered unconscious. Whilst on the floor, Miss Hoyle with others can be seen to kick and stamp down towards Miss Smith a number of times.’ Hoyle, from Portsmouth, also punched Ms Smith’s boyfriend before being pulled away by security staff, the court heard. The victim said she was ‘covered head-to-toe in bruises’ and was bed-bound for several days due to the concussion. She added: ‘I have become far more anxious about going out. I’m scared I’m going to see one of these girls again and what they might do to me. ‘I feel if I saw them again they wouldn’t hesitate to do it again. I’m worried about them doing this to someone else and doing more serious harm.’ Hoyle, who now works in a sportswear shop, claimed to have since turned her life around after a ‘difficult’ upbringing as one of ten children brought up by a single mother. Edward Hollingsworth, defending, told the court: ‘She was intoxicated, it was throwing out time at the bars and she got into a dispute and she acted violently. ‘She very much regrets it and very much regrets the fear and the injuries and emotional harm she caused Miss Smith.’ The defendant was given a one-year prison sentence suspended for two years and ordered to carry out 75 hours unpaid work as well as 30 rehabilitation days. Sexual assault charges against Bareham over the bottom grab were dropped due to a lack of evidence. But she pleaded guilty to affray for kicking and throwing punches at another clubber who got involved in the altercation and was ordered to carry out 100 hours of community service and pay £150 to the victim. Hoyle also pleaded guilty to affray, possession of a knife and possession of an offensive weapon in relation to a second incident in December 2020 when she was seen with a group of people shouting insults outside a block of flats in Havant, Hampshire. CCTV showed her running into a block of flats with a knife in one hand and a piece of fence panelling in another. Two other members of the group seen wielding weapons, Abdou Touray, 20, of Portsmouth, and Reiss Jones, 21, of Havant, admitted the same charges. They were handed suspended sentences of nine months and one year respectively and each ordered to carry out 100 hours of unpaid work. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.