Phil Foden appeared to be escorted out of a beach club after getting into a huge row with his partner Rebecca Cooke while on holiday in Corfu. The Manchester City footballer is said to have jetted off on the sun-kissed getaway with Rebecca, his longtime partner, their two children and Phil’s parents, Phil Snr and Claire. However, the picture perfect family holiday was reportedly shrouded in drama when Phil, 22, and Rebecca, 20, got into a verbal bust-up on Glyfada Beach. Witnesses claim that the couple booked sun loungers on the publicly accessible beach and Phil posed for photos with female fans who approached him. When the footballer went swimming in the sea, Rebecca reportedly looked at his phone and ‘got extremely angry’ resulting in the two getting into an argument. ‘They were really arguing on the beach and security guards got involved,’ one eyewitness said. Another added: ‘It was a fight between a footballer and his girlfriend. She was shouting and screaming. They were only here for the day. It all started down there on the beach. It was really aggressive and intense. ‘Then they came up to the bar and she was yelling at him. This kind of thing doesn’t happen here usually.’ In video footage, the pair are seen walking up the steps with security pushing one of their children in a pram in front of them. Rebecca appears to shout in Phil’s face at one point, with sources claiming she said: ‘Do you think I’m a d******d?’ ‘We can’t take you anywhere, this always happens,’ she is also reported to have said. In the clip, Phil doesn’t respond for the most part but appears to say something towards the end. The beach club’s security are also reported to have helped the couple pack up their things, but the pair are said to have left on their own without being forced. Phil’s mum Claire was also alleged to have said she was ‘fed up with the drama’. In September 2020, Phil – who signed to Man City in November 2017 when he was aged just 17 – was dropped from the England team after admitting to breaking Covid quarantine rules by meeting girls in a hotel room. The midfielder was sent back home from Iceland, along with Mason Greenwood, and issued an apology at the time, stating: ‘Following the story which has emerged today regarding my actions in Iceland, I want to make a full apology. ‘I apologise to Gareth Southgate, to my England teammates, to the staff, supporters, and also to my club and my family. ‘When I was called up by Gareth for these games, my first reaction was that of immense pride. ‘To pull on that shirt for the senior team in my England debut was an incredible privilege.’ He added: ‘I am a young player with a lot to learn, but I am aware of the huge responsibility I have in representing Manchester City and England at this level. ‘On this occasion I made a poor decision and my behaviour didn’t meet the standards expected of me.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Phil Foden’s representatives for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island host Laura Whitmore makes light of lipstick on teeth gaffe during Aftersun: ‘That was a fun show!’ MORE : Taraji P Jenson slams ‘guns having more rights than women in America’ at BET Awards after Roe v Wade overturned 