The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have paid tribute to Dame Deborah James following ‘the heartbreaking news’ of her death. The podcast podcast presenter, campaigner and blogger known as ‘Bowel Babe’ died aged 40 yesterday. She had been diagnosed with stage four bowel cancer in December 2016 and was told early on that she may not live beyond five years. In a statement posted on Instagram, Prince William and Kate said: ‘Deborah was an inspirational and unfalteringly brave woman whose legacy will live on.’ Prince William had visited the 40-year-old in May and joined her for afternoon tea and champagne. Following the meeting, Dame Deborah had said she was ‘utterly honoured’. She had been made a Dame after raising millions of pounds for cancer research. The campaigner had written on social media: ‘He joined us for afternoon tea and champagne, where he not only spent a generous amount of time talking to my whole family but also honoured me with my Damehood. ‘It’s quite surreal having a royal pop in at home, and yes you can imagine the cleaning antics and preparation went off the scale – but it was all irrelevant because William was so kind and he put us all at ease,’ Dame Deborah had documented her cancer journey on her Instagram account as well as her podcast; You, Me and the Big C alongside Steve Bland and Lauren Mahon. In the final weeks of her life, raised more than £6million for Cancer Research UK. A post shared to Dame Deborah’s Instagram confirmed the news of her death last night. It read: ‘Dame Deborah James. ‘We are deeply saddened to announce the death of Dame Deborah James; the most amazing wife, daughter, sister, mummy. Deborah passed away peacefully today, surrounded by her family. ‘Deborah, who many of you will know as Bowelbabe, was an inspiration and we are incredibly proud of her and her work and commitment to charitable campaigning, fundraising and her endless efforts to raise awareness of cancer that touched so many lives. ‘Deborah shared her experience with the world to raise awareness, break down barriers, challenge taboos and change the conversation around cancer. Even in her most challenging moments, her determination to raise money and awareness was inspiring. ‘We thank you for giving us time in private as a family, and we look forward to continuing Deborah’s legacy long into the future through the @bowelbabefund.’ Dame Deborah had undergone many operations and treatments, including experimental drugs, throughout her bowel cancer battle, including a stay in hospital in July 2021 after finding out an aggressive new tumour near her liver had wrapped itself around her bile duct, causing an infection. In May, Dame Deborah moved into end-of-life hospice care. During the final months of her life, she launched the Bowelbabe fund for Cancer Research UK, which has so far raised more than £6million. Dame Deborah is survived by her husband Sebastien Bowen and their two children, Hugo and Eloise. Tributes from the likes of Piers Morgan and BBC Radio 1’s Adele Roberts have flooded in from the celebrity world. This morning, Lorraine Kelly became visibly emotional and spoke of the ‘powerhouse’ Dame Deborah was. The 62-year-old presenter wore a pink jacket, a nod to Dame Deborah’s favourite colour and a t-shirt with the words ‘Rebellious Hope’ and hailed the late podcaster as a ‘truly remarkable woman.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.