When shopping around, be it for ourselves or others, it always feels positive to come across a product that has a charitable or social cause that will also benefit. We’ve rounded up some of the best beauty buys currently supporting causes greater than themselves. From the fragrance investing back into their staff to the toner giving to the LGBTQ+ community, there’s a mix of ways to do good with what you buy. Give a little extra with your next beauty shop with these picks. Get it for £50. With this candle, 75% of the sales will go to support those in need of mental health help. Get it for £18.50. There are multiple Viva Glam lipstick shades to choose from, and the sales go to support LGBTQ+ charities, though historically the focus has been on HIV/AIDs. Get it for £19.99. Supporting women with cancer, these brushes are just one way Look Good Feel Better help women going through treatments, which have resulted in hair loss and other body changes. Get it for £21.50. Dedicated to keeping bee communities alive and healthy, sales of this help to keep our ecosystem thriving. Get it for £36. Mop up skin while knowing £5 of the sales of this go straight to charities for Pride. Get it for £50. This brand is known for their long-term charity work. These multidimensional shimmer shadows help support the animals pictured on the packaging. Get it for £95. This brand is keen to help women working in its product supply chain. They’re determined to become entrepreneurs themselves and up-cycle any waste leftover – keeping profits they make. They also get business training. Get it for £20. It’s not a lotion despite the name – it’s a toner, but one that is great for soothing agitated skin. Sales go towards the planting of trees, which Origins has been doing for years. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best beauty products that boost your mood as well as your look MORE : These are best certified eco-friendly beauty products to buy now MORE : Going to Pride? Here’s how to do two glorious rainbow beauty looks