Ben Affleck may think twice next time his 10-year-old son Samuel asks to get behind the wheel of a very, very expensive car, after he managed to back into another very, very expensive car while visiting a car dealership recently. The actor, 49, and his fiancee, Jennifer Lopez, 52, took Ben’s son with ex-wife Jennifer Garner, 50, Samuel, with them as they went car shopping at 777 Exotics dealership in Los Angeles, with young Samuel living out many a dream and hopping into the driver’s seat. Dad Ben had been in the hot seat of the Lamborghini Urus (that rents for a $1,475 (£1201) per day) before giving his son a whirl up front, with Jennifer hopping into the back seat. But barely moments after her teetering wedge lifted off the ground, the yellow luxury car lurched backwards and into the personal space of a parked BMW. In footage obtained by DailyMail.com Ben was seen leaning on the side of the car, which still had its engine running, as a loud rev could be heard with the car seen reversing a short distance. The Oscar-winner immediately leaned into the Lambo before walking to the back of the car to check out whether it made any contact with the BMW, while Samuel also got out of the car and surveyed the scene. Jumping back into the driver’s seat, Ben seemed pretty chill about the potential fender bender and moved the car forward – where it became clear there was no obvious damage to the BMW. Reps for the star confirmed nothing was damaged and all involved parties were fine, while a 777 Exotics employee added ‘there was no accident.’ In photos taken during their visit, Ben – who also has Violet, 16, and Seraphina, 13, with ex-wife Jennifer – was seen embracing his son for a hug, while JLo remained on her phone. The trio were seen smiling as they attended the car lot, with Jen in a yellow summer dress and sky-high wedges, carrying a small bag, holding hands with a smiling Samuel as they walked along. Ben, dressed in a sweatshirt and trousers, was seen chatting away intently with an employee of the car dealership, which has since stated they would love to have the Batman actor back again. Speaking to the New York Post, they explained: ‘When [Samuel] got into the car, it jerked back and forth. We have a small lot and the cars are close.’ ‘Everybody was OK!’ he added. ‘They seemed happy and continued to browse. ‘The dealership would more than gladly welcome the stars back. ‘Affleck loves cars. We hope they come in again.’ MORE : Ben Stiller meets President Volodymyr Zelensky after pleading for support for refugees in Ukraine: ‘You’re my hero’ MORE : Jennifer Lopez slams ‘racist’ Conan O’Brien joke during relationship with Ben Affleck: ‘It was brutal’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.