Love Island fans will see the moment Gemma Owen comes face to face with her ex-boyfriend Jacques Jacques O’Neill. The 19-year-old international dressage rider was left gobsmacked in scenes that aired on Friday night after learning her former partner, rugby player Jacques is the latest bombshell to arrive. Jacques’ entrance into the villa will shake up the series even further after Gemma was stolen from Davide Sanclimenti by Luca Bish during Friday’s recoupling – which resulted in Paige Throne and Afia Tonkmor left single. And judging by the first look for tonight’s episode, it looks like his arrival is going to rub Luca the wrong way. ‘Right now, my jumper smells of her perfume, does he [Jacques], no,’ Luca jokes to Andrew Le Page. ‘You just have to sit back and watch what he does,’ Andrew says. As the girls gather in another area of the villa to discuss the sportsman’s presence, Gemma says: ‘I don’t know. It’s weird because I still look at him and I do fancy him like 100%. ‘I look at him and I think you are fit, no question, you are fit. ‘Yeah, I think we all look at him and think he’s fit,’ Paige adds. Before heading out on her date with him, Afia asks Gemma how long they were together. Gemma replies: ‘Eight months.’ And Gemma also reveals that they split ‘a year and half ago.’ During the evening, Jacques and Gemma walk off to have a chat, and during his own Beach Hut chat he cheekily admits that he is a ‘flirtatious lad.’ ‘I can’t help myself sometimes,’ he says. However, a frustrated Luca watches on and hails the whole situation as ‘f***ing weird.’ Will Luca find himself in another love triangle? All will be revealed soon. Speaking ahead of his entrance, he said: ‘I split up with my ex and then I was seeing someone else. ‘I was concentrating so much on my rugby and then I had that injury. I think it needs to be the right person, at the right time. ‘ Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : What time is Love Island: Aftersun on tonight? MORE : Love Island star Olivia Buckland gives birth to first child with husband Alex Bowen and announces baby name 