An MP has left the Scottish National Party while he is investigated by the police over sexual assault allegations. Patrick Grady will continue to sit in the Commons as an independent while detectives assess claims dating back to 2016 that have plunged the party into chaos. The Glasgow North MP has previously apologised after a parliamentary investigation found he groped a 19-year-old member of staff. Mr Grady was alone with the staffer when, under the influence of alcohol, he made sexual advances mistakenly believing it ‘would be welcomed’, a parliamentary watchdog said. He touched and stroked the teen’s neck, hair and back but ‘desisted’ when it ‘became apparent his conduct was not welcome’, the watchdog’s report added. Now he is being probed by the Met over the incident in an East London pub. The force has confirmed it received a report accusing Mr Grady of an offence earlier this week from a ‘third party’. A spokesperson said: ‘Officers will now be making inquiries, including contacting the alleged victim, in order to assess what further action is required.’ Scotland’s first minister Nicola Sturgeon has admitted the party’s handling of the case was flawed after the victim said they felt unsupported. Opponents have called on Ian Blackford, the SNP’s leader in Westminster, to resign over his handling of the affair. He was heard telling MPs to rally round Mr Grady and saying he looked forward to ‘welcoming Patrick back’ following a two-day suspension in a leaked recording. Scottish Conservative chairman Craig Hoy accused Mr Blackford and Nicola Sturgeon of ‘treating a disgraced MP with more sympathy than the victim who suffered sexual harassment’. He added: ‘The abuser is gone but the poison remains in the SNP and the party leadership should be ashamed of the way they have handled this scandal.’ Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Alex Cole-Hamilton said: ‘At no point has Ian Blackford showed an ounce of leadership. ‘He voiced absolute full support for Patrick Grady over the victim, allowed SNP whips to act menacingly and resorted to intimidation.’ A spokesperson for the SNP said: ‘Patrick Grady is stepping away from his party membership while the police inquiry continues.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.