Prince William and Kate Middleton will move their three children out of London to Windsor this summer, reports say. The Cambridges are said to be poised to leave Kensington Palace for a home on the Queen’s Berkshire estate, but will retain the west London residence as their base in the capital, the Sunday Times reports. Prince George, 8, and Princess Charlotte, 7, will leave their prep school in Battersea at the end of the school year, and join Prince Louis, 4, at a school closer to their new home. William, who is set to turn 40 at the end of the month, reportedly hopes the new home will allow the children more freedom than Kensington offers. The move will also take the family closer to Kate’s parents who live a 45-minute drive away in the village of Bucklebury. The Cambridge press team will remain at their London home, which has been the family’s main residence since 2017. Before this, they spent much of their time at Anmer Hall in Norfolk, which they are thought to also be retaining, and will continue to use ‘regularly’. William and Kate are said to be eager to move to the country home on a more permanent basis once their children are through ‘the school years’. ‘They absolutely love it up there, it’s their happy place,’ a friend of the royal couple told the Times. The Queen has spent much of her time at Windsor Castle over the past couple of years, moving to the residence with Prince Philip at the beginning of the Covid pandemic in 2020. It is believed the Duke and Duchess would eventually call the castle home when Prince Charles becomes King and spends his reign at Buckingham Palace. The Cambridges’ move comes as the Queen is said to have held talks with Prince Andrew and senior members of the royal family about rebuilding his future ‘away from the public gaze’. The monarch is trying to establish a role for her second son that would seem ‘acceptable’, but fears remain that any return to public life will not be well-received, the Mail on Sunday reports. ‘Clearly at some point soon, thought will have to be given as to how to support the Duke as, away from the public gaze, he seeks slowly to rebuild his life in a different direction,’ a source told the paper. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.