Johnny Depp was given a hero’s welcome in Newcastle after he headed out to celebrate his win in his defamation trial against Amber Heard. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor hung out with his friend Jeff Beck, and musician Sam Fender, heading to the Brit Award winner’s local, the Bridge Tavern, in Newcastle. In a video, Depp, 58, was seen greeting fans, giving one a fist-bump and shaking another’s hand. A fan was also heard shouting: ‘We love you Johnny!’ The actor was rushed away by security, but not before snapping a few photos with fans, and sitting down for a drink with Beck and Fender, who dubbed the two of them ‘legends’ in a post on Instagram. Depp is in the UK after joining Beck on his tour for his Sheffield and London shows. He’ll reportedly be on the rest of the tour with him. It meant he did not return to the Fairfax Courthouse in Virginia to hear the verdict. On Wednesday, the jury confirmed that they had unanimously reached a verdict, awarding the Pirates of the Caribbean actor $10million (£8million) in compensatory damages, and a further $5million (£4million) in punitive damages. Heard, 36, won one of her three defamation countersuit claims against Depp, and was awarded $2million (£1.6million). Depp said in a statement: ‘Six years ago, my life, the life of my children, the lives of those closest to me, and also, the lives of the people who for many, many years have supported and believed in me were forever changed. ‘All in the blink of an eye. False, very serious and criminal allegations were levied at me via the media, which triggered an endless barrage of hateful content, although no charges were ever brought against me. ‘It had already traveled around the world twice within a nanosecond and it had a seismic impact on my life and my career. And six years later, the jury gave me my life back. I am truly humbled. ‘My decision to pursue this case, knowing very well the height of the legal hurdles that I would be facing and the inevitable, worldwide spectacle into my life, was only made after considerable thought. ‘From the very beginning, the goal of bringing this case was to reveal the truth, regardless of the outcome.’ ‘Speaking the truth was something that I owed to my children and to all those who have remained steadfast in their support of me. I feel at peace knowing I have finally accomplished that,’ he continued. ‘I am, and have been, overwhelmed by the outpouring of love and the colossal support and kindness from around the world. I hope that my quest to have the truth be told will have helped others, men or women, who have found themselves in my situation, and that those supporting them never give up. ‘I also hope that the position will now return to innocent until proven guilty, both within the courts and in the media. ‘I wish to acknowledge the noble work of the Judge, the jurors, the court staff and the Sheriffs who have sacrificed their own time to get to this point, and to my diligent and unwavering legal team who did an extraordinary job in helping me to share the truth. ‘The best is yet to come and a new chapter has finally begun. Veritas numquam perit. Truth never perishes.’ Heard added: ‘The disappointment I feel today is beyond words. ‘I’m heartbroken that the mountain of evidence still was not enough to stand up to the disproportionate power, influence, and sway of my ex-husband. ‘I’m even more disappointed with what this verdict means for other women. It is a setback. ‘It sets back the clock to a time when a woman who spoke up and spoke out could be publicly shamed and humiliated. ‘It sets back the idea that violence against women is to be taken seriously. ‘I believe Johnny’s attorneys succeeded in getting the jury to overlook the key issue of Freedom of Speech and ignore evidence that was so conclusive that we won in the UK. ‘I’m sad I lost this case. But I am sadder still that I seem to have lost a right I thought I had as an American – to speak freely and openly.’ Metro.co.uk understands that Heard plans to appeal the decision. Depp sued his ex-wife for $50million (£39million) over an op-ed she wrote in 2018, about her experiences with domestic violence. While Depp was not named in the Washington Post article, his team argued that it implied he was sexually and physically abusive over the course of their relationship – something he has firmly denied. The Aquaman actress later countersued, seeking $100million (£79million) in damages and claiming that he libeled her by calling her a liar. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amber Heard plans to appeal Johnny Depp verdict after branding actor’s win a ‘setback’ for women MORE : Sharon Osbourne sides with ‘gentle soul’ Johnny Depp after he wins libel case and claims Amber Heard wanted to ‘destroy’ him 