Boris Johnson has said rumours about his leadership being in jeopardy are ‘driving people nuts.’ Despite two major losses for the Conservatives in recent by-elections, the prime minister told reporters he was confident in his position as party leader. His comments come after the partygate scandal and subsequent confidence vote that he only narrowly survived. Now, Mr Johnson has urged rebel Tory MPs to stop focusing on issues he has ‘stuffed up’. He claimed an ‘endless churn’ of allegations ‘is driving people nuts’ following months of turmoil in British politics. Speaking to reporters in Rwanda, the Tory leader said: ‘I love my colleagues and of course I would urge them respectfully: golden rule of politics, the more we focus on Westminster politics the more irritating it is to voters.’ The Prime Minister insisted questions over his leadership were now settled after the loss of Wakefield and former stronghold Tiverton and Honiton. Both by-elections were triggered by the resignation of disgraced Tories. Mr Johnson was in the Rwandan city of Kigali when he received information of the election defeats. Just hours after the news was confirmed, Oliver Dowden resigned as Conservative party co-chairman. Mr Dowden said he and Conservative supporters were ‘distressed and disappointed by recent events’ and told the Prime Minister that “someone must take responsibility”. Speaking to journalists at the British high commissioner’s residence in Kigali, Mr Johnson admitted that it was ‘reasonable’ to suggest he might need to change to win back voters’ trust. ‘But the answer is always to remember, it’s not about me, it’s about them,’ he said. He added: ‘Because what’s driving people nuts is this endless churn of stuff about things that I’m meant to have stuffed up or whatever about my colleagues, their views of me, my character, the leadership, Tory blah blah…’ But there are suggestions of a challenge to change the rules of the 1922 Committee of Conservative MPs in order to allow another vote of confidence in Mr Johnson within the next year. Asked if he believes questions over his leadership are settled, Mr Johnson today replied: ‘Yes.’ Instead of partygate and other scandals, Mr Johnson insisted the public want to hear about the cost of living and economic plans. ‘That’s the change that I think will be most welcome on the last few months,’ he said. ‘That’s, I think, what people will see.’ Foreign Secretary Liz Truss argued that the dismal performance for the Conservatives in Thursday’s by-elections will not be the predictor of the next general election. Also speaking to reporters in Rwanda, she said: ‘The reality is that incumbent governments often lose by-elections and often people want to send a message in a by-election to raise concerns with the Government. ‘But that doesn’t make by-election results the predictor of election outcomes, it hasn’t been the predictor in the past and I don’t believe it will be the predictor of the next general election.’ As Mr Johnson and Ms Truss visit Rwanda, news today emerged that the country is making preparations to take child asylum seekers sent from the UK on a one-way ticket under the UK government’s heavily-criticised policy. Under an agreement struck in April, the government plans to send tens of thousands of migrants who arrive on Britain’s shores illegally more than 4,000 miles away to the East African country. Elisee Kalyango, manager of the Hope Hostel in Kigali, confirmed they were taking steps to prepare for children coming under the policy, adding: ‘We are ready to handle people from any age.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.