A woman who scammed her cousin out of her £47,000 life savings, claiming she was ‘lonely and used it to pay for people to go out with her’, has been jailed. Karen Devonport, 58, and victim Susan Marshall had grown up together and were ‘like sisters’, Newcastle Crown Court heard. So, Mrs Marshall had no reason to suspect anything sinister when Devonport started asking to borrow money in April 2019. Devonport told her she would be able to repay the money once her £65,000 divorce settlement came through. But she had in fact received it the year before and already spent it all. In total, Devonport, of Sunderland, took £47,000 in total over 44 different loans. She pleaded guilty to fraud and was jailed for two years and four months. Alec Burns, prosecuting, told the court Devonport first asked for a loan in April 2019. He said: ‘She asked for £8,000 for her daughter’s wedding, but as it happens someone else had already paid for the wedding. ‘The defendant told her she was due a divorce settlement of £65,000 but in the near future and she would pay her back from that but as it turned out, she had already had that money for a year and had already spent it.’ The court heard that over a 20 month period Devonport asked for regular handouts. They included hundreds of pounds at a time to pay for a log cabin, £3,000 to help set up a nail bar, £2,000 for a wedding dress, £700 for bridesmaids dresses, £1,000 for a wedding photographer, money for solicitor’s bills, insurance fees and furniture. In a victim impact statement, Mrs Marshall said the betrayal had left her ‘devastated’, adding: ‘Karen has taken all of my life savings. I was left with 21p in my building society account. ‘Joe and I had been saving since we got married in 1984.’ She said: ‘Karen would tell me she was desperate, she needed the money and promised to pay me back once she received her divorce settlement. ‘I had no reason not to believe Karen or the reasons she needed the money. I believed the money would be returned. I had no reason not to believe or trust her. ‘I didn’t even tell my husband but as time went on I began feeling something wasn’t right.’ Mrs Marshall said the stress of keeping the loans ‘secret’ affected her health, adding: ‘My daughter actually thought I was suffering from dementia.’ Defending Devonport, Susan Hirst said: ‘She is thoroughly ashamed of her own behaviour and the devastation she knows she has caused to her cousin. ‘She has betrayed one of the people she has been closest to in her life. Her remorse is deeply felt and genuine.’ Speaking directly to Devonport, the judge said: ‘It was an extraordinarily mean offence committed against an extremely close member of your family, your cousin. You are close in age, grew up together, you were like sisters. ‘You have stolen all of her and her husband’s life savings by the commission of the offence. ‘You promised her you were still waiting for a divorce settlement, that was a complete lie, you knew full well you had spent that money already. ‘You also knew there was absolutely no prospect of you paying back the sums of money you were obtaining.’ The court heard Devonport has started paying her cousin back in £500 monthly instalments. She has so far repaid £3,000 in total. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.