Gemma Owen was caught having a cheeky moment with Luca Bish in Wednesday’s Love Island, as she exposed her assets while he was having an outdoor shower. Before the islanders prepared for the dramatic recoupling, the international dressage rider, 19, appeared to be in good spirits as she was seen dancing around in her towel while on the terrace. The camera quickly panned to Gemma seeing fishmonger Luca, 23, having a shower outside, which resulted in her flashing her bare chest at him. A slightly flustered yet totally giddy Luca simply giggled in the moment, as she went back inside to get ready. Gemma’s playful act didn’t go unnoticed by fans, with many thinking about how her dad and former football legend Michael Owen must be feeling. ‘Why is nobody discussing gemma flashing luca?!?! i’ve been laughing about it since,’ one person wrote. ‘Gemma flashing luca and then his smile they’re too cute I swear,’ another added. Following a dramatic recouping which ruffled a few feathers in the villa, Luca was over the moon to have been picked to stay in a couple with Gemma, however many viewers weren’t here for the way he expressed his excitement. In disturbing late-night scenes, Luca sucked on Gemma’s toes at the end of Wednesday’s instalment. ‘Luca looks like he’s eating the weekend take away’ and ‘ENOUGH with the toe sucking if I was trying so get some sleep and saw luca slobbering all over his girls toes in the dark I would never sleep again…’ one person wrote. Luca has been visibly smitten with Gemma from the start and during Tuesday’s annual heart-racing challenge, the fishmonger was ready to declare his love for her. He joked: ‘Listen, you know when there’s moments when they say that’s when you realised that you love someone… ‘I thought it… I could have just had that! F**king hell.’ Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Amber Gill leads fury as Paige Thorne stops Danica Taylor from joining girls chat: ‘I’m shocked’ MORE : Ekin-Su Culculoglu and Danica Taylor wreak havoc at recoupling and dumping looms – Love Island episode 24 talking points 