Feel a change in the air today? There are some intense influences in the heavens today which may have a big impact. In fact, they could push you down a whole new path entirely. So how will it affect you? Libra, a conversation you have today might just prove to be life-changing. Going on a trip Virgo? You could be in for way more than you were expecting. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for June 12, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 There are many reasons to feel optimistic about life, as you’ve only just scraped the surface of what is possible for you, Aries. The Sun in Gemini encourages you to explore all kinds of ideas, especially those that attract your attention most. The Scorpio Moon also encourages you to dig deep, and not to take anything at face value. If you do, you could come across a real treasure. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Intense influences are at work, so it might be wise to slow down and take things in your stride. You likely won’t want to though Taurus, as the excitement around an idea that could change your life, may be urging you forward. Still, if you are in too much of a hurry you might rush towards your goal, only to find that some good advice could have made things so much easier for you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You seem to enjoy being around other people, with the coming days encouraging you to accept invites, and to connect with those who are an inspiration to you. They may support you without you being aware of it, and aim to give you confidence too. However, someone might have strong words about a plan of yours. Should you listen? It’s best to trust your instincts on this, Gemini. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Keen to influence others with your charming ways, so you can take advantage of an opportunity? You’ll have more to do, so it’s worth considering how much time you have spare. With other exciting opportunities coming into play, it’s just as well to overhaul your schedule now, so that you don’t end up overwhelmed. Be choosy Cancer, as there’s so much more on its way to you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 You may have plans that you’re determined to set in motion. Even so, bold and dynamic energies could take your attention away from what needs doing. The key is to find a balance. This is a great time to move forward with ideas that can power up your future. But don’t discard your current strategy, especially if it contributes a lot to your overall income and security. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 The Scorpio Moon in your sector of talk and thought, puts a more intense spin on the events of the day, but this won’t make it any less enjoyable. Ties to dreamy Neptune and potent Pluto suggest romance, fascinating discoveries and some intriguing conversations. A trip or outing might have more going for it than you realize, and you’ll return feeling really glad you went. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You may connect with someone who inspires you to change your life. Just one conversation with them, could be enough to get you started. A seed might be planted that encourages you to review your plans, and aim for activities that push you out of your comfort zone. In fact, this can be a great time to experiment by tweaking as you go. Keep at it, and you’ll be amply rewarded. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 With the Moon in your sign making some potent links, you’ll enjoy connecting with friends and family, as the conversations and interactions you have will bring you closer. A romantic outing looks very promising. But so does a chance to chat about something that seems difficult to discuss. Make a start, and it will be far easier than you think, and could be swiftly resolved too. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 The vital and uplifting energies of Mars and Jupiter in Aries, continue to boost your mood. You’re seeking new adventures, and today is no exception. The desire to push yourself to take on more exciting challenges could be a part of your plans. Even so, the Moon in a private sector encourages you to take some time out to relax. A little pampering can do you so much good. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 This looks to be a busy day, with many outings and opportunities on the cards if you want to take them up. There’s plenty of interaction, and a chance to catch up on news and even some gossip. If a family issue flares up Capricorn, your best bet may be to do nothing much, even if you want to get involved. You’ll find that it can resolve itself much more quickly if you let others handle it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You have a choice where you can follow the path others have trodden or set off into unknown parts, and blaze a trail that no-one has yet dared attempt. The choice you make depends on what you hope to accomplish, and how deep this desire runs. If it’s something truly heartfelt, then no obstacle will be too big. You’ll enjoy the journey from start to finish, and count yourself lucky. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 It may be tempting to dwell on issues that have proved uncomfortable over recent days. But at the same time, a blossoming friendship, romance or a positive opportunity, can lift your spirits. Even though it might be wise to avoid impulsive moves Pisces, you could discover that giving time to any fresh developments might encourage excellent opportunities for personal growth. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for June 12 to 18 and Mercury’s move into Gemini MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you