Airplane meals admittedly don’t get the best reputation at the best of times. But one Jet2 passenger’s recent food order has been branded ‘a violation’ online. Tegan Insley’s chicken and bacon sandwich has gone viral online for all the wrong reasons. The 20-year-old even claims the airline ‘did her dirty’ with her food order. She had been flying from Birmingham Airport to Marbella in Spain on June 13 and hadn’t had anything to eat for a number of hours before the flight. After browsing the menu, Tegan settled for a chicken and bacon roll which was pictured on tiger bread and with an abundance of fillings. The £4.30 lunch looked like it would satisfy her hunger, so she put in her order and settled in to relax on the flight. But when the food arrived, she was shocked to discover almost empty bread. Tegan claims she was handed the bland roll without any meat inside and instead with just mayonnaise and a sprinkle of salad. The scoops of chicken and scattering of spring onions promised on the menu could be nowhere to be seen. Images show the insurance worker’s roll laying on the plane’s tray table looking nothing like the advertised images. Tegan said she ended up filling her roll with Pringles instead. She posted a video about her disappointing meal on TikTok yesterday  and captioned it: ‘Jet2 did us dirty with our food on the plane, please explain this.’ The post has now collected over 1.7million views and more than 94,000 likes. Over 500 comments were left on the clip from viewers who claimed they also had bad experiences with airline food. One said: ‘Surely not this must be a joke?!’ Another wrote: ‘They can’t get it right all the time. Still the best airline about atm in terms of queue time, flight take off time etc.’ And another viewer commented: ‘That’s a violation.’ Tegan said: ‘We hadn’t eaten in five hours due to the check in/security queues so ended up shoving a tube of Pringles in the bread because we were so hungry. ‘They had no toasties.’ Speaking today, Jet2 apologised for the distress caused by the underwhelming sandwich. A spokesperson from the airline said: ‘We’re proud to deliver an award-winning experience from the moment people start their holidays with us, including our in-flight food and drinks. ‘Our in-flight meals consistently receive great feedback from customers, we’d like to apologise to the customer for any inconvenience caused on this isolated occasion. ‘We will look into this with our supplier.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.