On Saturday, 430 miles from their home city, a small group of Ukrainian LGBTQ+ activists will march through Warsaw. With any prospect of gathering in their own capital curtailed by war, Kyiv Pride will instead remind the world of their struggle in Poland. The group has become one of the country’s largest and most influential rights organisations in the decade since it was founded. It has faced down violent intimidation from far right groups, battled to be heard by a hostile security system and survived the uncertainty of post-revolution Ukraine. ‘The first time we marched, there was 80 of us and 2,000 people gathered to protest against us being there’, Ruslana Panukhnyk, the group’s former director said. A veteran of Ukraine’s pride movement, she revealed how Kyiv’s pride movement has survived intimidation, revolution and war to become a celebration attended by thousands. She told Metro.co.uk: ‘I joined the pride movement because I was so p****d off that in 2012 people who wanted to join just us couldn’t because there was an enormous amount of opponents and the police were not ready to protect us. ‘I was not prepared for that. I thought I was meant to be living in a democratic country with basic rights provided by the state but I faced the reality that I was not. ‘It made me angry and I thought “I have to do something myself because this isn’t the country I want to live in”.’ In 2012, Ukraine’s national police was still dominated by a pro-Moscow regime hostile to civil society and with no interest in protecting those who braved the prospect of a beating to march with rainbow colours. But in 2013, Ukraine changed forever. Pro-European protests which eventually led to the fall of the government took over Kyiv, the start for the slow-burning war which intensified with the invasion four months ago. Ruslana, who now works for Amnesty International, was there in Independence Square with other LGBTQ+ activists, waving a Ukrainian flag rather a rainbow one. But even after that, the main job of the police seemed to be ‘to convince us not do it’. With post-revolution Kyiv still on a knife edge and weapons coursing through the city, the event was cancelled. Organisers feared the same may happen in 2015 until a throwaway comment by the country’s new president, Petro Poroshenko, signalled a shift. ‘He was speaking at a press conference in Europe when a journalist asked him if he supports Ukraine’s pride movement’, Ruslana remembered. ‘He said that, as a Christian, he would not attend a pride march but as the president of Ukraine, he thinks every citizen has the right to freedom of assembly and the right to march. MORE : Meet the brave activists fighting for LGBT rights on the frontline in Ukraine ‘Right after the press conference, I got a phone call from the police saying “let’s talk”. It was a crucial point for us.’ But what should have been a celebration, the first pride march in Kyiv to be held with something approaching state endorsement, was a chaotic and bloody disaster. Ruslana said: ‘Far right groups were throwing firecrackers loaded with nails at us. ‘People were hurt, a police officer was injured very badly and nearly died from blood loss. It was the worst march ever.’ Slowly over the course of the next 12 months, the reforms which followed the revolution began to become embedded, including an overhaul of the police force once so hostile to LGBTQ+ activists. ‘We could feel the change’, Ruslana said, ‘and they were no longer starting the conversation from “let’s cancel it” – they started to say “how do we address the challenge”. ‘We were afraid people wouldn’t trust us again because we had gathered people in 2015 and they were attacked. ‘I was scared no one would show…but we jumped from 300 people to 1,500.’ There is still much to do to further LGBQT+ rights in Ukraine, a country where hostility and bigotry is still commonplace and progress on reforms like same-sex marriage remains out of reach. But as a generation turns away from the sort of traditional Eastern Orthodox and Soviet era-infused values beloved of Vladimir Putin and his propaganda machine, there are clear signs of progress. Opinion polling has shown a clear shift in attitudes in recent years and Ruslana believes the war is an opportunity for all groups promoting equal human rights in Ukraine. She said: ‘Now people can see how pro-Russian narratives use LGBTQ+ people and other vulnerable groups as something bad to blame for all our problems. MORE : ‘I buried dad in a missile crater’: Life and death under the siege of Mariupol ‘People are more critical about Russian propaganda and can see how it works. ‘This horrible war has influenced the whole nation, more people have started to think critically.’ At stake, she says, is 30 years of progress since Ukraine gained its independence from the Soviet Union. Kyiv Pride will try and remind the world of that in whatever way they can as they march through Warsaw, far from home but determined to go back. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 