Prince William acknowledged racism was an ‘all too familiar’ experience for black people in modern Britain during a speech to mark the unveiling of a new Windrush statue. The national monument pays tribute to the thousands of people who arrived in the UK from Caribbean countries between 1948 and 1971, to help rebuild after the Second World War. It depicts a man, woman and child in their Sunday best standing on top of suitcases, and was unveiled in Waterloo Station to coincide with Windrush Day. The Duke of Cambridge, who attended the unveiling alongside wife Kate and members of the Windrush generation, said the nation would be poorer without their efforts. ‘We know without question that the Windrush generation have made our culture richer, our services stronger, and our fellow countrymen safer,’ the future King said. Prince William acknowledged that members of the Windrush generation faced racism and discrimination when they arrived in the UK to plug labour shortages 75 years ago, and said this still prevails today. He also addressed the hurt and pain caused by the Windrush scandal. In 1971, an Immigration Act was passed giving all Commonwealth citizens already living in the UK indefinite leave to remain. But due to a lack of official documentation, many were told they were in the country illegally despite living and working here for decades. This saw members of the Windrush generation held in detention centres, denied legal rights, threatened with deportation and in some cases wrongly deported. William said: ‘Sadly.. members of the Windrush generation (were) victims of racism when they arrived here, and discrimination remains an all too familiar experience for black men and women in Britain in 2022. ‘Only a matter of years ago, tens of thousands of that generation were profoundly wronged by the Windrush scandal. ‘That rightly reverberates throughout the Caribbean community here in the UK as well as many in the Caribbean nations. ‘Therefore, alongside celebrating the diverse fabric of our families, our communities and our society as a whole – something the Windrush generation has contributed so much to – it is also important to acknowledge the ways in which the future they sought and deserved has yet to come to pass. ‘Diversity is what makes us strong, and it is what reflects the modern, outward-looking values that are so important to our country.’ William’s speech comes after his controversial tour of the Caribbean in March, which was met with protests demanding reparations for the royal family’s role in slavery. The duke acknowledged the tour was a ‘learning curve’, telling the crowd: ‘Our trip was an opportunity to reflect and we learned so much – not just about the different issues that matter most to the people of the region, but also about how the past weighs heavily on the present.’ He also spoke of the wide-ranging areas of British life which have been shaped by the work and skills of the Windrush generation and their descendants including commerce, manufacturing, sport, science, engineering and fashion. They have also provided valuable work for the transport system and the NHS which was founded two weeks after the Empire Windrush docked in England in 1948. Jamaican artist and sculptor Basil Watson, who designed the statue, said it had been an honour to create the monument. He said the statue pays tribute to the ‘dreams and aspirations, courage and dignity, skills and talents’ of the Windrush generation who arrived with ‘a hope of contributing to a society that they expected would welcome them in return’. He said: ‘My parents, along with a great many others, took the long arduous voyage from the Caribbean with very little or nothing other than their aspirations, their courage and a promise of opportunity for advancement. ‘This monument tells that story of hope, determination, a strong belief in selves and a vison for the future.’ The government, which has provided £1 million in funding for the project, said it ‘symbolises the courage, commitment and resilience of the thousands of men, women and children who travelled to the UK to start new lives from 1948 to 1971’. The statue also acknowledges the Windrush generation’s ‘outstanding contribution’ to British society and is intended to be ‘a permanent place of reflection’, it added. Communities Secretary Michael Gove described the event as a ‘historical and profoundly moving moment’ but also said ‘sorry’ for the pain which had been caused by the Windrush scandal. The Windrush generation had faced discrimination when they arrived in Britain and, in a reference to the scandal, he added ‘mistakes were made by the state’. Patrick Vernon OBE, a British political activist with Jamaican heritage, described the unveiling of the monument as a ‘bittersweet’ moment. After the Windrush scandal made headlines in 2018, the government apologised for their ‘appalling treatment’ of the Windrush generation and promised redress for those who lost their jobs and spiralled into poverty due to being wrongly classed as illegal immigrants. But four years on, only one in four people have received compensation. ‘Any recognition for the Windrush generation is always welcomed and I hope there’ll be others,’ Mr Vernon told The Independent. ‘But there are issues, in that Windrush victims and survivors of the scandal have concerns because the monument has been funded by the government and the compensation scheme is not meeting their needs.’ Waterloo station was chosen as the location for the statue because the people who arrived from the Caribbean passed through the station on their way to start their new lives across the country, the government said. The unveiling is one of dozens of events and activities across England to celebrate Windrush Day 2022. Next year marks 75 years since the arrival of HMT Empire Windrush at Tilbury docks in 1948, bringing 500 passengers from the Caribbean. More than 100 leaders from politics, faith and civil society, sport, culture and business have signed a joint letter, published in The Times newspaper, starting the one-year countdown to the milestone. They write: ‘This is not only black History – it is British history. It should be something we all know and commemorate. ‘We call on the government and all UK institutions, from politics to civil society, faith, culture, business and sport, to step up and fully play their part next year.’ Polling commissioned to mark Windrush Day suggests that 64% of the public thinks children should be taught about Windrush to help understand Britain’s history of empire and its diverse society. Almost half (49%) of those surveyed said they are familiar with the story of the Windrush, while 46% said they would like to know more about it. The polling was carried out for the Windrush 75 network, set up to co-ordinate efforts for the 75th anniversary over the next 12 months, and the think tank British Future. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.