When Stephanie McCormick, from Clovenfords, bought her three-bedroom bungalow with her partner in October last year, she was keen to put her own stamp on it. But when the mum-of-two was quoted £8,000 for a new kitchen, she decided to do the work herself to save cash. In just two weeks, the 33-year-old transformed her dated kitchen into a modern space – just for £350 in total. Stephanie, a complex needs assistant, said: ‘It hadn’t been updated since it was built 15 years ago and was of the older generation, so it needed to be dragged into this year and given a bit of a spruce. ‘I have always been a keen crafter and pretty creative so I thought I could give it a go myself. ‘There was no way we could have afford £8,000 for a new kitchen, we just didn’t have that sort of money lying around. ‘I wanted to go for an industrial chic look with a warehouse feel, which is why we went for the copper – that was the inspiration.’ Stephanie sanded and painted 23 cupboard doors in total – she also scrubbed her floor tiles and painted her walls. To stay organised, the mum numbered all the doors – so she knew exactly where they would fit back. Stephanie adds: ‘I scrubbed all the old grease and marks off them and then sanded everything down before I started painting. ‘I used Frenchic Paint which was lovely to work with. ‘I applied it with a brush rather than a roller – it doesn’t need any finishes and it’s waterproof. ‘The paint has held so well, I thought I would have to be touching it up all the time but I haven’t.’ She then added copper utensils over the hob and trailing plants around the room – finishing it off with accessories from Dunelm, The Range and Studio. The mum-of-two was so pleased with her DIY kitchen results, she decided to renovate her bathroom, too – which she did in four days, for less than £400. To do this, Stephanie got a new vinyl floor for £160 and bought accessories from Matalan and Etsy – to finish off the space. She plans to tackle the hallway next and hopes to do all the panelling herself. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman transforms tired kitchen into modern, stylish space for just £200 MORE : Woman transforms driveway into chic outdoor space on a budget MORE : DIY mum transforms dated kitchen into stylish space for under £800