The Government’s plan to deport people to Rwanda ‘shames Britain’, according to the entire senior leadership of the Church of England. As hundred protested against the decision by the Court of Appeal to block a last-minute bid to stop the first flight taking off tomorrow, the Church branded the policy ‘immoral’. Boris Johnson’s administration looks set to push ahead with the move to fly people who have entered the UK illegally to the east African country for processing – regardless of how few may be left on board after legal interventions. Senior Church of England bishops, including the archbishops of Canterbury and York, have once again hit out at the plan, which has been horrified experts, immigration groups and asylum seekers. The Government insists the plan is aimed at stopping people trafficking. Meanwhile, scuffles break out with Police outside the Home Office at the end of a protest against the plan. Hundreds protest at the department in London, including former Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn. He branded the policy an ‘utter disgrace’ and asked: ‘What has happened to our humanity?’ The intervention from church leaders will be published in a letter to The Times tomorrow. Signed by the Most Reverend Justin Welby and the Most Reverend Stephen Cottrell, it will say: ‘Whether or not the first deportation flight leaves Britain today for Rwanda, this policy should shame us as a nation. ‘The shame is our own, because our Christian heritage should inspire us to treat asylum seekers with compassion, fairness and justice, as we have for centuries.’ It reportedly goes on to say that vulnerable people should be offered safe routes to the UK and not deported. ‘This immoral policy shames Britain.’ It is unclear how many people will be on tomorrow’s flight tomorrow if it takes off, but there have been a number of reports about possible deportees being taken off after legal challenges. The bishops of London, Durham, Exeter, Birmingham and Manchester have also signed the letter. It is not the first intervention from the Church over the issue. Mr Welby had previously used his Easter sermon to say there were ‘serious ethical questions about sending asylum seekers overseas’. Boris Johnson and other Cabinet ministers hit back at Mr Welby for his intervention in April. Mr Johnson, according to sources who attended a private meeting between the Prime Minister and Tory MPs after Easter, claimed the senior clergyman had ‘misconstrued the policy’. It comes after Prince Charles reportedly branded the policy ‘appalling’ in private. Mr Johnson declined to comment on whether Charles was wrong in his comments, but said: ‘This is about making sure that we break the business model of criminal gangs who are not only risking people’s lives but undermining public confidence in legal migration.’ The Prime Minister’s official spokesman later said Mr Johnson ‘has nothing but respect and admiration for the Prince of Wales, who’s spoken out on a number of issues, not least the environment’. A Government spokesperson said: ‘Our world-leading Partnership with Rwanda will see those making dangerous, unnecessary and illegal journeys to the UK relocated there to have their claims considered and rebuild their lives. ‘There is no one single solution to the global migration crisis, but doing nothing is not an option and this partnership will help break the business model of criminal gangs and prevent loss of life. ‘Rwanda is a fundamentally safe and secure country with a track record of supporting asylum seekers and we are confident the agreement is fully compliant with all national and international law.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Rwanda flight asylum seekers speak of ‘despair’ after life in UK hope ‘smashed’