Fancy competing for more than £3million in a real-life Squid Game reality competition? Well, look no further as Netflix is bringing the megahit series to life with a new show. The dystopian Korean drama became the streaming giant’s biggest ever show after being released last year. Fans will now be able to apply for Squid Game: The Challenge, which will see 456 real players enter the game in pursuit of a prize of $4.56million (£3,736,054), the largest cast and cash pot prize in reality TV history. Yes, really. The 10-part competition will see contestants battle through a series of games inspired by the original drama, alongside some new additions. Strategies, alliances, and character will be put to the test as each round contestants are eliminated. However, Netflix has politely pointed out that the players will not face sudden death should they get eliminated and stressed their worst fate will be going home empty-handed. Brandon Riegg, Netflix vice president of unscripted and documentary series, said: ‘Squid Game took the world by storm with Director Hwang’s captivating story and iconic imagery. ‘We’re grateful for his support as we turn the fictional world into reality in this massive competition and social experiment. ‘Fans of the drama series are in for a fascinating and unpredictable journey as our 456 real world contestants navigate the biggest competition series ever, full of tension and twists, with the biggest ever cash prize at the end.’ Casting for the series is open, with English-language speakers from any part of the world encouraged to apply. Squid Game holds the record as Netflix’s most popular series of all time, with 142million households around the world watching the show within its first four weeks after it was released in September 2021. It was recently announced that Netflix has renewed the show for a second season, with Hwang Dong-hyuk returning to directing duties. Squid Game is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 