Love Island’s Davide Sanclimenti is absolutely raging after Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu’s secret kisses with bombshell Jay Younger. The businessman has been coupled up with the 27-year-old actress since the last recoupling, but she has had her head turned by the 28-year-old investment banker and the pair have been sneaking off to smooch on the terrace. However, it looks like Ekin-Su and Jay’s antics are set to be exposed as Davide angrily confronts her in an explosive preview clip for Friday night’s episode. In the teaser, Davide yells at Ekin-Su to ‘f*** of’ after branding her a ‘liar and an actress’. Looks like this episode won’t be one to be missed… During Thursday’s instalment, Ekin-Su and Jay were seen sneaking off to the terrace on two separate occasions for a heart-to-heart and secret kiss, even crawling on the floor to avoid detection. Downstairs, Davide, 27, questioned where Ekin-Su was and quickly learned of her whereabouts, and who she was with, prompting them to head back downstairs after another smooch. Before a confrontation with Davide, the actress confided in Gemma Owen and Paige Thorne. ‘Girls you deserve to know this right now, I am going to say it,’ she said. ‘So for the past two days, two nights, I’ve been meeting up with Jay on the terrace and getting quite close with him…’ Davide then confronted Ekin-Su about where she had been and if she was with Jay, and she fumed: ‘Why do people care about where I am’. ‘Oh so you care about me now?’ she continued. ‘You want to know where I am?’ After Ekin-Su complained Davide doesn’t show her enough affection, he insisted he had no intention of giving her ‘fake love’ after two days and suggested she should look elsewhere. The conversation was cut short, however, when Ekin-Su stormed off and insisted she didn’t want to speak anymore, before branding him ‘a p****’. Love Island continues on Friday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 