A petrol station in London is selling unleaded petrol at £2.389p for just one litre. It equates to around £10.85 a gallon, meaning the cost of filling up a medium sized average car there would easily top £120. The high price was spotted at the Gulf garage in Sloane Avenue in South Kensington. The cost is 57p above the UK’s average petrol price of £1.82 per litre. It was uncovered in an investigation by online paper London World, which also saw how prices when up at another garage even as the reporter watched. In a video, journalist Claudia Marquis said: ‘I’m standing at the petrol station off Battersea Park Road, where only moments ago the price per litre was £1.82. ‘However, in the last three minutes the price has gone up by 3p – it’s now £1.85 for petrol.’ The South Kensington Gulf at £2.389 is believed to be one of the most – if not the most – expensive petrol stations in the UK. Jack Cousens, head of roads policy at the AA, said: ‘There are around 8,000 petrol stations in the UK so it’s pretty hard to know where has the most expensive petrol per litre but London tends to be at the more expensive end. ‘It also tends to be in more rural areas where it’s a little bit more expensive than normal. ‘If you’re lucky enough to have a supermarket fuel station nearby, that tends to drag down prices in the area, as they have more flexibility, meaning other retailers try and bring their prices into line. ‘But that effect has diminished somewhat, so it really is a case of shopping around. ‘Things are volatile at the moment. ‘Prices go up like a rocket and come down like a feather. ‘We’re hoping, although it might be a bit painful for a while longer, it will settle and very slowly start coming down again. ‘The much discussed national average of £2 a litre, I don’t think that will happen nationally. ‘That’s not to say individual retailers as you have seen won’t get there and go above and beyond.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.