People tuning in to watch the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee concert have been showering comedian Lee Mack for the partygate dig he made off the cuff – which was witnessed by the Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Tonight, artists including Diana Ross, Queen, Craig David and Eurovision runner-up Sam Ryder are performing at the concert in honour of Queen Elizabeth II’s 70-year reign outside Buckingham Palace. Near the start of the show, comedian Mack appeared on stage as a presenter, shortly after Queen delivered a rocking performance with Adam Lambert on the lead vocals. At one point, he gestured to the grand Palace gates behind him, saying: ‘We are here right outside the gates of Buckingham Palace for a party of a lifetime.’ He then added: ‘And I tell you what, finally we can say the words party and gate and it’s a positive.’ As the crowd guffawed with laughter, Mack admitted that the joke was ad-libbed, stating: ‘That wasn’t in the autocue.’ Johnson was in the audience in the royal box as Mack made his improvised quip, sitting with his wife Carrie Johnson behind the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and two of their children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte. The PM was photographed raising his hand to wave as he and his wife found their seats. ‘Well done to Lee Mack for the PartyGate joke,’ one person tweeted, as another dubbed him a ‘legend’. ‘Buy that man a drink,’ someone else stated, while another quipped: ‘Lee Mack’s opening salvo scored a direct hit!’ In late May, the Sue Gray report was finally published detailing the extent of the parties that were held at Downing Street during lockdown, in conflict with the Covid-19 restrictions that were in place at the time. A range of Tory politicians have called for Johnson to resign from his position as Prime Minister, with both Johnson and his wife having been made to pay £50 fines for breaking the pandemic regulations. The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee is airing on BBC One and will be available to watch on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Queen Elizabeth II opens Platinum Jubilee concert starring in adorable Paddington Bear skit dubbed ‘the best thing ever’ MORE : Bear Grylls hails ‘incredible’ trans Scout while presenting surprise award at Jubilee Street Party 