Love Island star Liam Llewellyn has revealed he will be leaving the villa and confirmed why he made the decision to pack his bags on Friday night. Liam gathered his fellow islanders around the fire pit, with an announcement to make. He told them: ‘We all came here for the same sort of reason, but I don’t feel like I’ve been giving 100% Liam. I’m miles off that. ‘Trying to find someone you leave the villa with that you care about – obviously that’s the goal, isnt it?’ Liam went on to share how the fact he wasn’t feeling quite himself ‘makes it hard’ to give his all to the experience. ‘This isn’t a spur-of-the-moment type thing. So yeah, I’ve made the decision I’m gonna leave,’ he told the islanders. ‘It’s been a breeze – it’s been an absolute ball. You’re all unreal,’ he smiled. His fellow islanders complemented his speech and decision to the beach hut cameras. Tasha Ghouri said: ‘I absolutely adore Liam and I hope he finds someone special one day. ‘It’s not a nice feeling, everyone is feeling a bit down, and we will defo have a cheers for him tonight.’ ‘To do what he’s done, he needs to be proud of himself, and needs to be proud of everything he’s done in here as well,’ pal Luca Bish added. Moments later, Gemma Owen, who was paired in a couple with Liam, decided to take him off for a quick chat as she ‘felt bad’ over the move. ‘I wasn’t expecting that from you,’ she told him, as he reminded her: ‘I’m just not myself at all.’ ‘It’s a shame. We get on well and started it together. Going to be weird to not have you around. You’re such a genuine guy. I will miss you,’ Gemma replied. The couple walked back inside the shared bedroom, where the contestants helped Liam to pack his suitcase before his departure. As he carted off his luggage, he told everyone: ‘It’s been a blast, buzzing to have met every single one of you. See you on the other side!’ Love Island continues on Sunday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island star Liam Llewellyn ‘becomes first islander to quit show this series and has already left villa’ MORE : Love Island episode 3 review: Dry drama and uneven focus partially saved by British sense of fair play for Liam Llewellyn