Thousands have gathered in the Polish capital in support of LGBTQ+ rights and to call for an end to the war raging on its border. Warsaw Pride is hosting Ukrainian activists who are unable to gather in their own country because of the constant threat of shelling and the strict martial law still in place. The annual gay and trans rights gathering has taken on a renewed poignancy because of the human rights abuses being committed just 130 miles to the east. More than one million Ukrainians have fled into Poland after being forced from their homes by Vladimir Putin’s army. They are joined today by 300 Ukrainians defiantly demonstrating in absentia for LGBQT+ rights in their home country and to raise awareness of the perilous situation the community has been plunged into by the invasion. Activists in occupied territories face persecution from Kremlin forces ready to commit atrocities with abandon and many have been forced underground. Metro.co.uk is supporting Kyiv Pride’s efforts to provide a crisis shelter for LGBTQ+ people displaced from the war zone. You can donate by following the instructions below. Its director Lenny Emson told a press conference: ‘We are here to remind everyone that if you want human rights to thrive, we need war to stop. ‘Our message is support Ukraine, stand up in solidarity and support our efforts to end this war.’ More than 11 LGBT+ organisations from across Ukraine are represented in Poland today, a country which has proved to be one it Kyiv’s staunchest allies. Warsaw’s government has been at the forefront of efforts to arm and support Ukraine, with families across the country opening their homes to refugees. Opposition MP Anna Maria Żukowska from The New Left party told Metro.co.uk: ‘It’s very crucial to give support to the nation as Ukraine fights for its independence. ‘It is also the LGBT+ people who are fighting in this war. ‘It’s saddening that Kyiv Pride march can not take place in their home city and they have to emigrate but we at Warsaw Pride welcome them. ‘I hope that next year Kyiv Pride will take place in Kyiv.’ Lenny Emson added: ‘We are grateful to Warsaw Pride that we have an opportunity to march but it is very painful that our city is now under the threat of bombing. ‘We cannot march there, we under martial law, that is why we can’t march in our country. ‘For our community it’s a huge thing. A huge chunk of our community is stuck in Ukraine because they have the gender marker ‘male’ in their passport, including trans people. ‘They are with us and we are with them – and today we are marching for them.’ A huge security operation is under way around the meeting point for the Warsaw Pride march, with counter-protests by nationalist groups and violence a regular feature of LGBTQ+ events in Poland. Same-sex marriage is still not permitted in the country and homophobic views are common, bigotry the governing Law and Order Party has been accused of whipping up by critics for electoral gain. The right-wing populist party has fiercely opposed any expansion of gay rights in order to appeal to Poland’s large conservative Catholic vote. In 2020, president Andrzej Duda said: ‘LGBT is not people, it’s an ideology’, accusing the movement of ‘indoctrinating’ children and using Stalinist methods. The country is regularly ranked among the worst countries in Europe for LGBTQ+ rights. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 