The Prime Minister’s anti-corruption tsar has resigned, claiming it is ‘pretty clear’ that Boris Johnson broke the Ministerial Code. In a letter to Mr Johnson, Conservative MP John Penrose accused the Prime Minister of breaching the code on the grounds that he had failed to provide adequate leadership over partygate. Mr Penrose said: ‘The only fair conclusion to draw from the Sue Gray report is that you have breached a fundamental principle of the Ministerial Code – a clear resigning matter. ‘But your letter to your independent adviser on the Ministerial Code ignores this absolutely central, non-negotiable issue completely. And, if it had addressed it, it is hard to see how it could have reached any other conclusion than that you had broken the code.’ He added: ‘As a result, I’m afraid it wouldn’t be honourable or right for me to remain as your anti-corruption champion after reaching this conclusion, nor for you to remain as Prime Minister either. ‘I hope you will stand aside so we can look to the future and choose your successor.’ Mr Penrose is the latest in a long line of Conservative MPs to publicly say they would vote against the PM in tonight’s vote of no confidence. Jeremy Hunt, who stood against Mr Johnson for the party leadership in 2019, warned the Tories would lose the next election if he remained in post.   The former foreign secretary said: ‘Anyone who believes our country is stronger, fairer and more prosperous when led by Conservatives should reflect that the consequence of not changing will be to hand the country to others who do not share those values. ‘Today’s decision is change or lose. I will be voting for change.’ At least 15% of Tory MPs have sent in no confidence letters, triggering a formal vote. In one of the most brutal letters submitted so far, former minister Jesse Norman said Mr Johnson had presided over ‘a culture of casual law-breaking’ in No 10 and his claim he was vindicated by the Sue Gray report was ‘grotesque’. But cabinet ministers – who could lose their own jobs if the PM is forced out – are rallying around. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said: ‘The Prime Minister has my 100% backing in today’s vote and I strongly encourage colleagues to support him. ‘He has delivered on Covid recovery and supporting Ukraine in the face of Russian aggression. He has apologised for mistakes made. We must now focus on economic growth.’ Chancellor Rishi Sunak said ‘the PM has shown the strong leadership our country needs’. ‘I am backing him today and will continue to back him as we focus on growing the economy, tackling the cost of living and clearing the Covid backlogs,’ Mr Sunak said. Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab said: ‘The PM has got the big calls right – securing life-saving vaccines, firing up our economy and standing up to Putin’s aggression against Ukraine. ‘We need to back him, unite and focus on delivering the people’s priorities.’ MPs will vote between 6pm and 8pm this evening after the PM addresses backbenchers to shore up support. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.