Iga Swiatek has promised Coco Gauff she will find Grand Slam success in the future despite being thrashed in the French Open final. Swiatek won her second title at Roland Garros after brushing aside her American opponent 6-1 6-3 on Saturday. The Pole was in ruthless form, sinking Gauff in just over an hour on Court Philippe Chatrier. Gauff, 18, appeared devastated with the result and sat in her chair courtside in tears. But the youngster smiled as Swiatek gave a typically classy speech in which she assured her that success on the biggest stage was not far away. The French Open women’s champion said: ‘First of all, I want to congratulate you because you’re doing an amazing job. I can see that every month. ‘You are progressing all the time basically and, when I was your age, I had my first year on tour and I had no idea what I was doing. So you will find it and you will be there. I am sure of that.’ Swiatek was the favourite heading into the final having dominated the women’s tour this season, winning five titles in a row. However, Gauff was expected to put up a strong fight after beating the likes of Sloane Stephens and Elise Mertens in the tournament’s earlier rounds. Swiatek came out firing, breaking her opponent in the very first game before running away with the title. The 21-year-old was delighted with her second win at Roland Garros in the last three years, adding during her on-court interview: ‘Two years ago winning this title was something amazing that I wouldn’t have expected ever. This time I worked hard to get here. ‘Thank you all the fans for coming, all the Polish flags I can see over there. It’s good to have you and lean on you in my toughest moments. ‘It’s always a great atmosphere here and I always have extra motivation every time I come here. ‘I also wanted to say something to Ukraine, to stay strong, because the war is still there. Since it started I hoping when I do the next [tournament] the situation will be better but I will still have hope. Thank you guys and see you next year.’ Meanwhile, an emotional Gauff said: ‘This is a first time for me so I’ll try to get through this. ‘Congratulations Iga, what you have done these past few months has been amazing. Hopefully we can play many finals and I can get a win on you one of these days. ‘I’d like to thank my team. I’m sorry I wasn’t able to get this one today. But thank you guys for always supporting me. Hopefully this is the first final of many. I appreciate you guys a lot, you have helped me through so much this year. ‘Thank you to you guys [in the crowd] who supported me even when I was down. Even when I was down match points you guys cheered me on and that means a lot, so truly, thank you.’ MORE : Rafael Nadal sends message to Alexander Zverev after opponent suffers horror ankle injury in French Open semi-final MORE : Rafael Nadal sends message to Alexander Zverev after opponent suffers horror ankle injury in French Open semi-final For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 