Three people are dead and many are injured after a train derailed following a crash in the US. There were 255 people on the train when it hit a lorry at an ‘uncontrolled’ crossing and overturned in rural Missouri on a service from Los Angeles to Chicago. On board were two troops of Boy Scouts who immediately started administering first aid to fellow passengers and the driver of the truck that was hit. Survivors had to climb through broken windows to get out of the wreckage and sat on a grass verge to await emergency rescue. Robert Nightingale, who was asleep at the moment of impact, said: ‘Everything started to go in slow motion. It started to rock… and then flicker, and then it just all of a sudden – all this dust was through my window. We all just sat there shocked.’ High school students from Pleasant Ridge High School in Easton, Kansas, were also aboard the train. Helicopters were deployed to the scene to transport patients to hospital. A 911 call about the collision came in at 12.43pm and the first emergency responders arrived within 20 minutes. Six medical helicopters parked nearby were waiting to transport patients. Close to 20 local and state law enforcement agencies, ambulance services, fire department and medical services responded. The fatal collision had occurred at a rural intersection on a gravel road with no crossing arms. Missouri State Highway Patrol have confirmed there are multiple injuries, but they have not specified how many. Helicopter video of the site from KMBC-TV in Kansas City showed rail cars on their side as emergency responders used ladders to climb into one of them. An Amtrak spokesperson said: ‘We are deeply saddened to learn that the Missouri State Highway Patrol is now confirming that three people, two passengers and the truck driver, have lost their lives as a result of this grade crossing incident. ‘There are also several reported injuries among the passengers and crew members traveling on the train. ‘Amtrak is working with local authorities to make sure those who are injured get medical care and everyone else receives services and transportation. ‘We are grateful for the support from the local authorities who provided assistance and resources for our customers and employees.’ The Southwest Chief takes about two days to travel from Los Angeles to Chicago. It crashed near Mendon, with a population of about 160, which is about 84 miles northeast of Kansas City. The incident came just a day after an Amtrak train crashed into a car in California, killing three women and injuring several others. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.