Chris Evans has aired his ‘frustrations’ with the controversy surrounding the same-sex kiss in Pixar’s Lightyear. The Captain America actor takes the lead in the anticipated Toy Story spin-off, voicing the main character Buzz Lightyear. However, the film’s release has been overshadowed by criticism over a same-sex kiss between two female characters, one of which is named Hawthorne and voiced by Uzo Aduba. Earlier this year, it was reported that Disney had cut the scene from the film before restoring it amid backlash over Florida’s Don’t Say Gay bill. LGBT employees and allies at Pixar are said to have sent a letter to Disney bosses claiming that the company had censored ‘overtly gay affection’ in its films. Lightyear has since been banned in countries such as Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Kuwait over its LGBT themes. Addressing the storm, Chris, 41, told Reuters quite bluntly: ‘The real truth is those people are idiots. ‘Every time there’s been social advancement as we wake up, the American story, the human story is one of constant social awakening and growth and that’s what makes us good.’ The Knives Out star also addressed reports of Disney restoring the kiss scene and said ‘it makes me happy’. However, he added to Variety: ‘It’s tough to not be a little frustrated that it even has to be a topic of discussion. That it is this kind of “news”. ‘The goal is that we can get to a point where it is the norm, and that this doesn’t have to be some uncharted waters, that eventually this is just the way it is. ‘That representation across the board is how we make films. Look, it’s an honour to be a part of something that is taking those steps, but the goal is to look back on this time and just be shocked that it took us this long to get there.’ Lightyear is an origin story for the popular Toy Story character and follows Buzz as he embarks on an intergalactic adventure with a group of ambitious recruits and his robot companion. Lightyear arrives in cinemas on Friday. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dapper Michael Owen enjoys day at Ascot after Love Island star Gemma Owen’s unusual remarks on horse bums MORE : Foo Fighters announce star-studded line-up for Taylor Hawkins tribute concert with Liam Gallagher, Brian May and Dave Chappelle 