Britney Spears and Sam Asghari, who she married on Thursday, have been granted a restraining order against her ex-husband Jason Alexander after he attempted to crash her wedding, it’s been reported. On Thursday, the singer and her partner of six years tied the knot in a fairytale ceremony attended by celebrity friends including Drew Barrymore, Paris Hilton, Madonna and Selena Gomez. Britney, 40, wore a Versace gown for her wedding dress before changing into multiple other outfits, while Sam, 28, who she met on the set of a music video, donned a dapper black suit with a white boutonniere. Their big day didn’t go by without a hiccup, as Jason – who the Toxic singer was married to for a grand total of 55 hours in 2004 – attempted to crash the event, claiming that he had received an invite. It’s now been claimed that he was armed with a knife when he trespassed Britney’s home in Los Angeles, before being apprehended and charged by the authorities. According to court documents obtained by ET, Britney’s attorney, Mathew Rosengart, filed a restraining order on Jason, 40, on behalf of his client and her new husband. The attorney said that Jason ‘ran on property into house while armed with a knife’. Furthermore, the documents reportedly stated that her ex-husband ‘has continually trespassed on her property’ and was ‘advised multiple times’ that he was ‘not welcome’. In a statement, Mathew described the intrusion as ‘an outrageous security breach’, adding that he looks forward ‘to working with law enforcement to ensure Alexander is aggressively prosecuted and hopefully convicted, as he should be’. The restraining order, which was granted on Thursday, will remain in place until June 17 and requires Jason to stay at least 100 yards away from Britney, Sam and their home. Following the incident, Ventura Sheriff’s Department Sergeant Cyrus Zadeh said in a statement that they received a ‘call of trespassing’ before Jason was arrested. ‘An altercation occurred with the security officers and that’s where the battery occurred… and during the altercation an item was broken so that’s where the vandalism comes into play. And by being on private property, the trespass comes into play,’ the sergeant said. As of Friday, Jason was being held at the Ventura County jail, with bail set at $22,500 (£18,270). Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Inside Britney Spears’ fairytale wedding to Sam Asghari at home: All the details from her dress to the playlist MORE : Britney Spears’ wedding to Sam Asghari included recreation of iconic Madonna VMAs kiss – and Paris Hilton singing with the bride 