It’s unimaginable to think that just one week ago Ekin-su Cülcüloğlu was best known for playing a serial killer in a Mexican soap and now she is already Love Island royalty. In one week she’s coupled up Davide Sanclimenti, but literally tried her luck with all three guys that have entered the villa since – Jacques O’Neill, Remi Lambert and tonight she literally crawls along the balcony for a secret kiss with Jay Younger. She is the queen of chaos and we absolutely love her for it, and actually it seems the girls in the villa do too. But could that change? In this week’s episode of Love or Lie Island, body language expert Judi James told us: ‘It’s interesting because the girls don’t seem to mind [her flirting] and that’s perhaps a testament to her, they haven’t rejected her. ‘They haven’t seen her as being predatory, although in a way she is. She is stunning to look at and she’s clearly also intelligent – she’s not a stupid girl. ‘I think the biggest threat in there, funnily enough for the girls, is that she’s upped the ante in terms of genuinely having sex, because I think the girls at the moment are all like, “oh, you know” and they get into bed and roll over to one side, even if they’re flirting during the day. ‘Her feedback on Davide, was “we were flirting and then we got into bed and he just turned over.” ‘It’s almost as though she’s demanding sex as well, which can be quite troublesome in a group setting like that, because it’s almost as though “if you pick me and I pick you, that’s it.” It’s quite demanding.’ ‘I think she’s great,’ said Judi. ‘She’s reasonably strategic and she manages to do it, I think really well.’ Last night Ekin-su excelled and went on two dates, gleefully relishing in outrageously flirting with Remi and Jay right in front of Davide. At one point, she went full Lady and The Tramp to re-enact the spaghetti kiss, but it didn’t quite resemble the smooch in the movie. ‘The spaghetti was actually one step too far for her,’ said Judi. ‘Did you notice she just started giggling? ‘I thought she was gonna be eye contact, sucking, but immediately her eyes went up to Davide. ‘We will find out whether she was looking at Davide to check he was watching and getting jealous or was she looking and hoping that he wasn’t thinking that she was taking it too seriously?’ Well, judging by the teaser of Ekin-su’s kiss with Jay tonight, we don’t have the highest hopes for her and Davide anymore. ‘Whatever happens, it’s going to be amazing,’ said Judi. Agreed. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Watch the full episode of Love or Lie Island here with new epodes dropping every Thursday. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 