It’s shaping up to be the hottest hot girl summer yet. That means it’s time to don your swimsuit, sit in the sun and eat ice cream. Live your best life. If you’re looking to be your best self – whether that’s through learning to set your boundaries or adding steps to your skincare routine – we’ve got some top suggestions for where to start. Here are the best fitness and wellness buys right now. This collaboration between ROXY and fashion designer Stella Jean is going to get snapped up fast! The collection includes 11 pieces of swimwear plus wetsuits, all made using recycled materials. The prints are insane, so get them before they sell out. Buy from £45 from Roxy. Oppo Brothers Salted Caramel Ice Cream Balls contain sea-salted caramel ice cream, hand-dipped in Belgian milk chocolate. At just 20 calories per bite, they might be the perfect alternative to a calorie-loaded ice cream – if you can have just a few, that is. Buy for £4 (for 12 balls) from Tesco. The name says it all, but The Book For Badass Women will arm you with all the life tools you’ll need. Whether that’s saying ‘no’ more often, speaking up for yourself or boosting confidence, these pages have tips to help. Buy for £8.99, from Amazon. If you find yourself snacking on the go, why not pack a Whole Supp shake for the road. These are not diet drinks, instead they offer a plant-based meal formulated with superfoods, premium fats, proteins, fibre, antioxidants, electrolytes and prebiotics to tide you over. Buy for £29.99 (for 15 servings) from Whole Supp. Looking for a travel-friendly electric toothbrush? Silk’n SonicYou promises up to 300 days use with just one charge. It also produces up to 37,000 vibrating brush strokes per minute and has three different brushing modes. Buy from £129 at Silk’n. SkinSense Advanced Anti-Pigmentation Perfecting Serum has a powerful combination of niacinamide and hexylresorcinol, plus liquorice extract and hyaluronic acid, which work together to reduce pigmentation, inflammation and UV damage. Buy for £36 from SkinSense. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These rainbow ‘chub rub’ shorts are perfect for a hot Pride summer MORE : Why Vitamin B3 products should be a vital part of your skincare routine MORE : The best eye skincare products in 2022