Liverpool could turn to Chelsea winger Christian Pulisic, Arsenal flop Serge Gnabry or a Manchester United transfer target to replace Sadio Mane, according to reports. Senegal forward Mane is expected to end his six-year spell at Anfield this summer and join German champions Bayern Munich. The 30-year-old, who has scored 120 goals in 269 appearances for Liverpool, said he would reveal his decision after the Champions League final. While Mane is yet to discuss his future following Liverpool’s narrow defeat to Liverpool in Paris, reports say he is closing in on a move to the Bundesliga after deciding to leave Anfield. Mane’s departure would represent a substantial blow to Jurgen Klopp but at least Liverpool will be able to recoup a transfer fee rather than lose him for free when his contract expires next summer. As Liverpool signed Luis Diaz at the start of the year and have already agreed a deal with Fulham for Fabio Carvalho, Klopp may resist the temptation to dip into the transfer market if Mane does leave. However, the Daily Mail say several players are on Liverpool’s radar, including Chelsea star Pulisic and former Arsenal winger Gnabry. Klopp is a known admirer of Pulisic and the American has been linked with a move away from Stamford Bridge after slipping down Thomas Tuchel’s pecking order. Gnabry, who made 18 appearances for Arsenal before being sold in 2018, is also appreciated by the Merseyside club and has one year left on his Bayern Munich contract. It is claimed that Liverpool could also move for Villarreal and Netherlands star Arnaut Danjuma, who Manchester United have expressed interest in signing. Meanwhile, former Premier League striker Chris Sutton says Mane’s departure from Anfield would be a ‘massive blow’ to Liverpool. ‘If you’re Liverpool, you  don’t want to sell him for any amount,’ Sutton said on BBC Radio 5 Live’s Monday Night Club. ‘They would bounce back strongly with Mane still in a Liverpool shirt.  ‘I’m not saying he is irreplaceable, because Klopp’s recruitment has been excellent, but Liverpool’s level of consistency has been down to that forward line. ‘Mane has been so versatile – he plays off the left, centrally in that false nine position – and I think they would struggle to replace him like for like really quickly. ‘I can’t think of another player who would come in quickly and do the job he has done. I think it would be a massive blow to Liverpool if he left.’ While Liverpool lost the Champions League and narrowly missed out on the Premier League title, they still enjoyed a superb campaign, winning two trophies and challenging for an unprecedented quadruple for much of the season. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 