That’s it – the semi-finals of Britain’s Got Talent 2022 are over, with only Sunday’s final left to go for this year’s competition. Tonight’s live show was eventful to say the least, and in the end, comedian Axel Blake and environmentalist Aneeshwar Kunchala reigned supreme as the latest acts to make it to the final stage. Axel – who was Simon Cowell’s Golden Buzzer act during the audition stage of the series – returned all guns blazing, reducing the judges and audience to fits of laughter. He ended up being named the winner of the show, after securing the majority of the public votes. The comic was joined in the top two by Aneeshwar, hailed as a mini David Attenborough, and Welsh singing collective Welsh of the West End. So the decision came down to judges David Walliams, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and Simon on who they wanted to save… with the first three all choosing to keep Aneeshwar in the competition. The seven-year-old jumped up in excitement as he realised he was going to appear in Sunday’s final, while Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly turned to Simon to find out who the judge would have saved if he’d had the determining vote. While Simon stressed that he would have wanted to keep them both, in the end, only two out of the top three could proceed. Many fans were disappointed that fan-favourites IMD Legion weren’t among them, as the dance crew appeared to have an extraordinary amount of support after their roof-raising performance. ‘IMD LEGION WENT HOME? Wow I did not see that one coming,’ one person tweeted in disbelief. ‘So gutted @IMDLegion didn’t reach the final they were amazing,’ someone else said. While there are several acts members of the public may be upset didn’t make it through to the final… there might be hope yet. Simon confirmed that tonight, one act would be chosen as this year’s wildcard, earning them a spot in the final despite not getting through at the semi-final stage. Another act who didn’t make it through tonight’s semi-final were the Scooter Boys, who thoroughly impressed the judges with their tricks and skills on stage. After their performance, Simon quipped that he ‘might have to borrow’ one of their helmets, four months after he was involved in an electric bike crash. Meanwhile, the judge offered a public apology to a performer in the illusionist group Matricks Illusion – the first act to deliver their routine on stage tonight – after realising that he had upset her. ‘You know, going back to the very first act… I didn’t realise I really upset someone, I just apologised to her, called Lamorna, and I feel really awful,’ he said. ‘I now hate myself. Anyway, got that out the way. Back to you. So I’m sorry.’ With Axel and Aneeshwar now confirmed to be in the BGT 2022 final, they’ll be joining tough competition on their mission to secure their victory. The other finalists are: busker Maxwell Thorpe, ventriloquist Jamie Leahey, impressionist Ben Nickless, music duo Flintz & T4ylor, singer Tom Ball, comedian Eva Abley, singer Loren Allred and dance group Five Star Boys. Britain’s Got Talent returns on Sunday at 7.30pm on ITV and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: Simon Cowell quips he ‘might have to borrow helmet’ from Scooter Boys, 4 months after bike crash MORE : Britain’s Got Talent judge Simon Cowell grimaces with remorse while apologising for upsetting semi-final performer: ‘I now hate myself’ 