Britain’s Got Talent has crowned Axel Blake as its 2022 winner! The comedian was left a little lost for words after Ant and Dec announced his name, saying: ‘I’m shaking, thank you everyone for voting for me…I can’t believe it.’ Singer Tom Ball and ventriloquist Jamie Leahey – and his puppet Chuck the chicken – both made the top three, but missed out on the title. Axel will take home a whopping £250,000 as well as the chance to perform at the Royal Variety Performance. The comedian, 33, delivered a stream of jokes during his incredible final performance, including that he had heard a member of the public mistaking him for the rapper Stormzy, but with the added weight. He also joked about how the intensity of cyclists in London made him have to give up the sport, but that he still keeps up his dance moves, which he demonstrated on stage. Simon Cowell, who gave the comedian his golden buzzer during the audition round, said that he was emotional for Blake following the routine. He added: ‘I really believe that we have discovered a star.’ David Walliams added that this was a ‘winning performance’ and that he believed he would ‘storm’ at the Royal Variety Performance. 10 finalists battled it out for the win, with Axel, Maxwell Thorpe, Jamie Leahey, Ben Nickless, Flintz and T4ylor, Tom Ball, Eva Abley, Loren Allred, 5 Star Boys, and Aneeshwar Kunchala all being in with a chance. It was a tense night, with judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams loving the performances. Meanwhile, Amber and the Dancing Collies, who wowed the judges during their audition, was brought back as a wildcard. The Dutch performer and her prancing pooches lost out on a spot in the final coming in third place during their round, but was brought back to compete in the final. Britain’s Got Talent is available for catch-up on ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent finalist Tom Ball: ‘How I’m planning to spend the prize money’ MORE : Britain’s Got Talent: How to vote for your favourite act in the final 