The pieces in your wardrobe that get the most wear are the ones that go with a variety of things – and this bag looks like our new multitasking staple. The Charles and Keith Gabine Crossbody is making waves online for its ‘universal’ styling potential, with adjustable features and add-ons allowing you to wear it in six different ways. TikToker Marina Usti first brought it to our attention, with a series of videos explaining its versatility. At £65, it comes with a gold-toned strap and two black leather ones. The magic lies in how, with a clip here and a buckle there, you can make the Gabine work for any occasion. Marina calls it ‘the most incredible affordable bag ever’ and says that it’s ‘officially [her] best purchase’, before showing the different ways you can wear the bag. With the thicker leather strap fed through the back of the accessory, she transforms it from a bumbag around her waist to a secure, over-the-shoulder look. Next, she changes it up by switching to a short, gold strap, before clipping the slimmer leather strap to the hooks at either end and wearing as a shoulder bag and crossbody (removing the metallic hardware for an additional option). If that wasn’t enough, Marina says that she even uses the thick strap as a belt. Commenters on her page were loving the suggestion, with one person writing: ‘Omg i need it ASAP’. ‘This is literally my dream come true bag,’ said another. In faux leather, it’s suitable for vegans. It also fits a standard iPhone, as well as essentials like keys and cards. At the moment, the black version of this is out of stock, although it’s not a limited edition piece so should come back in. It’s worth signing up for availability notifications, so you can snap it up when it’s restocked. The nude pink colourway, however, is still available: just as versatile as the black, but to go with your bright, summery outfits. Get it here, at Charles and Keith. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Man spends £75,000 giving his home a maximalist makeover MORE : Mum wipes £40,000 of debt with yellow sticker shopping and savvy saving