Every week, it seems there’s a new health and wellness trend that’s being championed by celebrities. The latest thing to catch our eye is a hyperbaric chamber – after seeing that Kendall Jenner has a $23,000 one in her wellness room, in the latest episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians. But what exactly do these machines do? We’ve asked experts to share everything to know. Ieva Kubiliute, a wellness psychologist at Oliolusso, says: ‘Hyperbaric chambers are a form of therapy where an individual is placed in a pressurised surrounding to boost inhalation of pure oxygen. ‘It’s normally termed “hyperbaric oxygen therapy” or HBOT and entails increasing the air pressure 2 or 3 times the normal levels, to boost pure oxygen levels in the lungs rapidly.’ So the hyperbaric chamber refers to the pressurised container that’s used to deliver oxygen therapy to a person. Some people can be in the chamber for varying degrees of time – some allow multiple people to sit together, while others are small and have one person lying in them. Hyperbaric oxygen therapy is one way to double the speed of recovery and, as a result, it’s used a lot in sports. Jamie Pither, founder and director of Nimaya, says: ‘Out in the open air we breath about 21% oxygen with the hyperbaric oxygen therapy it gives you 97+% pure oxygen at double the atmospheric pressure. This dissolves oxygen into the tissues and mitochondria straight into the blood plasma cerebrospinal fluid, though the lymphatic system. ‘More oxygen under pressure increases white blood cells that kill bacteria, reduces swelling and infection, and encourages new blood vessels to grow.’ Hyperbaric chamber treatments deliver the oxygen that every cell in your body craves to repair and enhance cellular function, explains Tammy Takkar, the co-founder of specialist centre Active Clinics. She adds: ‘In turn, it stimulates the growth of new blood vessels, improving circulation. ‘The entire process also encourages the release of stem cells, which are vital to help you achieve long-term optimal healing.’ Experts say HBOT is used to treat a wide range of illnesses, including carbon monoxide poisoning and certain infections. ‘Hyperbaric chambers have multiple uses but mostly involve adding the amounts of pure oxygen in the body tissues or cells to quicken recovery from chronic wounds, gangrene, and poisoning from carbon monoxide gas,’ adds Ieva. ‘This therapy provides the body with adequate oxygen to aid in combating bacteria-causing diseases, by triggering the production of more growth factors that speed up the recovery process. ‘It can also heal brain abscesses, skin conditions that destroy cells or tissues, radiation wounds, sudden vision problems, burns, and a reverse lack of oxygen in body tissues.’ Rich Somerset, the territory director at PADI, says hyperbaric chambers are also used by divers suffering with decompression sickness – also known as ‘the bends.’ He explains: ‘Such injuries are rare amongst divers, but if they do occur the use of a hyperbaric chamber to assist is important. ‘The diver is placed into the chamber and pressure in the chamber is increased. This helps reduce the effect of decompression sickness and aids recovery for the injured party.’ And experts stress that the treatment  really can help for a whole host of things. Ivena says: ‘Hyperbaric chambers are highly effective in increasing oxygen supply with few after-effects. ‘HBOT can be used to treat a wide range of diseases that involve wound healing and need more oxygenated tissues or cells.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The Fit List: Boost your self-care routine with these wellness buys MORE : How to boost your sexual wellness – according to an expert MORE : The best wellness retreats to go to around the UK to recharge your body and soul