Lorde has given a clear message about her view on Roe v Wade being overturned, declaring: ‘F**k the Supreme Court’ during her Glastonbury set. During her performance on the Pyramid Stage on Sunday, she altered the lyrics to her song Secrets From a Girl (Who’s Seen It All) to include a short monologue. The Royals hitmaker, 25, said: ‘Wanna hear a secret, girls? ‘Your bodies are destined to be objectified since before you were born. That horror is your birth right. But here’s another secret. You possess ancient strength, ancient wisdom, wisdom that has propelled every woman that came before you. ‘That wisdom is also your birth right. I ask you today, accessing that wisdom your life’s work. Because everything depends on it.’ She added: ‘F**k the Supreme Court,’ with the crowd cheering loudly. This week, it was announced that the Supreme Court in America had decided to overturn the Roe v Wade decision from 50 years ago, putting an end to guaranteed abortion rights. Numerous people and celebrities have spoken out in horror against the ruling, including Viola Davis, Billie Eilish, Michelle Obama and Lizzo. Olivia Rodrigo shared a similar message during her performance, when she was joined onstage by Lily Allen for her song F**k You. ‘Hello Glastonbury,’ Lily cried, before Olivia continued: ‘Today is a very, very special day. This is actually my first Glastonbury, and I’m sharing the stage with Lily which is the biggest dream come true ever. ‘But I’m also equally as heartbroken.’ She then went on to address Roe v Wade, saying: ‘I’m devastated and terrified and so many women and so many girls are going to die because of this. ‘I wanted to dedicate this next song to the five members of the Supreme Court who have showed us that at the end of the day, they truly don’t give a s**t about freedom. ‘This song goes out to the Justices.’ The pair then went on to sing Lily’s song F*** You. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Diana Ross recognises honour as she gets Glastonbury security team dancing along to Upside Down: ‘I was waiting for you guys!’ MORE : Sugababes in disbelief after shutting down field at Glastonbury with huge crowd despite Billie Eilish clash 