England’s victorious women’s team have launched into some impromptu karaoke in Trafalgar Square. Rachel Daly took to the microphone to belt out Tina Turner’s River Deep Mountain High to thousands of cheering fans. Fans from across the country have gathered for today’s dedicated fan celebration in London. Many of the Lionesses still wore their winning gold medals as they beamed for cameras – while others looked a little more worse for wear. Some players had been partying until the early hours of this morning, and had just just a few hours sleep before today’s fan celebrations. Speaking on stage today, the team spoke of the ‘fantastic’ achievements of the entire squad. And after lifting the Euros trophy, the sounds of Neil Diamond’s Sweet Caroline soon blared out over the speakers. The team danced and sang along as confetti rained over the stage. Fara Williams, who has 172 caps for the England Women’s team, was surrounded by fans on her way out of the fanzone today. She stopped for photographs with members of the public, meaning it took her several minutes to get through the crowds. On the celebrations, she said: ‘It was unbelievable. That’s all I can say.’ The England women’s team have captured hearts of thousands throughout the course of the Euros. Players hilariously gate-crashed Sarina Wiegman’s post-match press conference with a rendition of ‘Three Lions’ after winning Euro 2022. After joining in with her team, head coach Wiegman joked: ‘I think I’ve lost my voice! ‘Now we won the Euros the expectation will go up again. First, we will party. We are really proud.’ Chloe Kelly left viewers in stitches last night after she ditched a microphone mid-interview to go and join her team and belt out Sweet Caroline on the pitch following England’s win. The forward had been called to the side for an interview, but didn’t stay long before running back to join her team. Before bursting into song, she’d looked around to the roaring stadium, saying: ‘Look at them! ‘It’s amazing, honestly! Thank you every single person that got out to support us.’ Up to 7,000 supporters have gathered at this morning’s event hosted by ex-player Alex Scott in Trafalgar Square from 11am today. Thousands, many draped in England flags and wearing replica shirts, queued since early this morning to save a spot near the Lionesses’ victory lap. Last night’s final attracted a peak TV audience of 17.4 million, a record for a women’s football match in the UK, according to overnight ratings released by the BBC. The previous record was set during England’s 2019 World Cup semi-final defeat by the United States, which enjoyed a peak audience of 11.7 million. Football Association chief executive Mark Bullingham said this morning that England’s success will ‘turbo charge’ the women’s game in this country. He said: ‘The last few years have been incredible. We have invested really heavily and the Lionesses have taken their opportunity and they have produced something incredible. ‘It’s been an amazing month and an amazing day yesterday,” he told BBC Breakfast. ‘I think it will really turbo charge everything we have been doing in the women’s game. ‘There is no reason why we shouldn’t have the same number of girls playing as boys and it will inspire a whole new generation of players.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.