This is the first picture of the man accused of murdering a nine-year-old, as her family ‘goes into hiding terrified they could be targeted again’. Lithuanian fruit picker Deividas Skebas, 22, has been charged after ‘beautiful’ Lilia Valutyte was stabbed to death on the street in Lincolnshire. The ‘quiet’ schoolgirl was knifed while playing with her little sister outside an embroidery and screen printing shop in Boston, run by her Lithuanian mum Lina Savicke, 35. Her alleged attacker’s ex-girlfriend has described his family in Lithuania as ‘business people’ and ‘upper class’. Beata Sapuskaite, 23, told The Times Skebas first came to the UK for work after studying in his home country. After facing health issues, he returned to Lithuania but moved back to Boston recently. Skebas, who was arrested in dramatic scenes on Saturday as stunned neighbours watched, will appear at Lincoln Magistrates’ Court on Monday. It comes as Lilia’s family remain terrified ‘whoever did this could still be out there’. Someone said to be a close friend told The Sun mum Lina, her husband and their other daughter had been moved to a secret location after becoming ‘so worried and unable to stay home’. ‘They are worried they could be a target’, they said. ‘It is just so awful — they have the impossible task of trying to come to terms with the loss of Lilia. ‘Then they still feel they need to protect their other little daughter.’ Tributes have flooded in for Lilia, who died after suffering what is believed to be a stab wound in Fountain Lane at about 6.20pm on Thursday. One note left at the scene by a school friend, 9, read: ‘You were the bestest friend. Hopefully you are now with the angels in a better place. You are probably watching Harry Potter.’ Tia, the mother of a local schoolgirl, said: ‘It’s disgusting beyond words. Something needs to be done in this town to make sure our children have a confident future and are able to walk the streets. They need to feel safe. ‘I was devastated and traumatised speaking to some of the other parents. Their children are heartbroken. It’s really shaken the town.’ Lincolnshire Police said Lilia’s parents are being supported by specially trained officers and have asked for their privacy to be respected. Chief Superintendent Martyn Parker said: ‘This is a heartbreaking case that has affected many people in Boston, and further afield. ‘Our thoughts continue to be with Lilia’s family at this exceptionally difficult time. ‘The response to such a devastating incident has involved committing significant resources to the investigation, and engaging with people in Boston who are understandably shocked by Lilia’s death. ‘Our officers have been in the town, speaking to the public and listening to their concerns. We’ll continue to maintain a significant presence over the coming days.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.