The Love Island 2022 final kicked off with more drama than expected in the first few minutes, as viewers were stunned to hear Laura Whitmore explain that this year, for the first time ever, there will be no option for the winners to ‘steal’ the £50,000 prize. This year, whoever is crowned out of Andrew Le Page and Tasha Ghouri, Luca Bish and Gemma Owen, Ekin-Su Culculoglu and Davide Sanclimenti, and Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope, will have to split the cash prize with their partner, rather than choosing to steal all the money. In every season so far, love and money have always gone hand in hand, and every winning couple has decided to share the money with their other half. But Laura has already mentioned the twist that now, winners won’t even get the chance to split, weeks after fans already predicted that with the wild ride of Ekin-Su and Davide, maybe this year would be the first time someone kept all the money for themselves. ‘Who will be crowned winners of Love Island 2022?’ Laura began, continuing: ‘The winning couple will split a huge £50,000!’ She added: ‘And this year we’re not even asking them to choose between love or money, but who that winning couple will be is all down to you guys.’ She later added: ‘Our couples will walk away £50,000 richer!’ Viewers were stunned to say the least. ‘Not even asking them to split or steal the money?? I’ve wasted 8 weeks of my life,’ one fan wrote. Another penned: ‘Hang on… they’re NOT asking whether they’ll keep or split the money?! There should have been a disclaimer at the start of the season tbh.’ Meanwhile another fan commented: ‘So the couples don’t even get the option to keep the money???? ‘I mean, I get it because they always choose to split it but pls, let the option be there.’ In previous years, one out of the winning couple is gifted an envelope as well as the responsibility of choosing whether to share or keep the money for themselves. Millie Court and Liam Reardon won the show in 2021, with Millie receiving the winning envelope containing the hefty prize. Ultimately, she shared the money with then-boyfriend Liam. Love Island is available to watch on ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island 2022 final live: Laura Whitmore kicks off last day in villa and reveals brand new twist for £50,000 prize MORE : Has anyone ever kept the £50,000 prize on Love Island? 