It’s official, Ekin-Su Culculoglu and Davide Sanclimenti have been crowned winners of Love Island 2022. After eight weeks of crawling around the villa and a series of fiery arguments, the couple made it to the end to scoop the £50,000 prize money. Four couples ended up in the final with Andrew Le Page and Tasha Ghouri finishing in fourth place and Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope ending the series in third place. Gemma Owen and Luca Bish finished as runners-up. Speaking to Love Island host Laura Whitmore, Ekin-Su, 27, revealed: ‘It feels so surreal finding the man of your dreams.’ In his typical nonchalant yet self-assured manner, Davide, 27, joked that he ‘wasn’t stressed’ about coming in as a bombshell during the first week. He also laughed as he revealed his favourite moment in the villa was branding Ekin-Su a ‘liar’ in a now iconic moment. However, on more of a sweeter note, he revealed he would be bringing Ekin-Su to  Italy to meet the rest of his family after she got the seal of approval from his mother and sister. In a twist, ITV has this year scrapped the option for one of the winning couple to steal all of the prize money for themselves. Presenter Laura welcomed viewers to the live final and confirmed the winning couple will not have to choose whether to split or steal the prize money, as in previous years. She said: ‘After eight hot weeks and 36 amazing islanders looking for love, only four couples remain. There have been blow dries, bombshells and bed-hopping galore. ‘But who will be crowned winners of Love Island 2022? The winning couple will split a huge £50,000 and this year we are not even asking them to choose between love and money.’ During the final episode, the final four enjoyed their prom night together where they got suited and booted and proceeded to read their vows to each other – y’know, like a real wedding. Ekin-Su told Davide: ‘It’s been a hell of a ride for us. They say Rome wasn’t built in a day and so are we. ‘I love being together. The Turkish Delight and the Italian Stallion. You are my soulmate.’ It has been a rollercoaster ride for the, ahem, Turkish Delight and Italian Stallion, who both entered the villa separately as bombshells. They soon flocked to each other like a moth to a flame but Ekin-Su put a spanner in the works when she started to get to know Jay Younger. In comes the infamous moment when she crawled along the terrace floor to sneak a kiss with the villa newbie. Sparks flew – the wrong kind – when Davide found out and he branded her a ‘liar’ and ‘actress’ in a fiery argument. Ekin-Su then lost Davide’s trust and it took weeks before she could earn it again, with the Italian business owner finally agreeing to give it a go. Davide then made the bold step of going exclusive with Ekin-Su before enjoying their final date, and the rest, as they say, is history. Elsewhere during the final episode, the islanders were seen getting ready for their prom night with the girls receiving a text that they were headed out of the villa for the day to get spruced up. However, Luca fell out of favour with some viewers when he made a cheeky quip about Dami Casa Amor antics to Indiyah. ‘Be good while we’re gone boys,’ Ekin-Su cried out from the terrace, before Indiyah cracked a joke that ‘Summer’s over’ in reference to Dami bringing back Summer Botwe from Casa Amor despite him being coupled up with Indiyah. After doing all the work to reconcile, the Irish senior microbiologist landed in Indiyah’s bad books again when it emerged during Movie Night that he’d shared a three-way kiss with Summer and Chyna Mills. Reacting to Indiyah’s joke about Summer, Luca then quipped: ‘But all roads might lead to Chyna this time.’ Before the winners were crowned, the boys donned tuxedos for a summer ball and waited for their partners to make an entrance. Luca told Gemma: ‘You look unreal,’ as she walked onto the terrace while Ekin-Su’s arrival in a satin pink ball gown prompted her Italian partner to exclaim that she looked ‘beautiful’. The couples then took turns reading their declarations of love to each other. Dami had to pause and compose himself before reading his vow to Indiyah, while she said they had gone from ‘from two heartbreakers to lovebirds’ in reference to their troubles during Casa Amor week. Love Island will be back sooner than we expect with the winter series returning early next year before the summer edition kicking off again in June 2023. It had been a tumultuous journey for Tasha and Andrew but they made it to the final. Tasha told Laura: ‘Yeah I mean it’s crazy, I did not expect to be here at all, we had a tough journey.’ ‘The goal for me was never to be in the final but to find a girl like Tasha,’ Andrew added. Recalling the first time they saw each other, Tasha remember ‘definitely fancying Andrew’ as soon as he walked in from the first episode, as the pair were together since day one. Indiyah and Dami battled through all the obstacles to make it to third place. Speaking to Laura Whitmore after the result was announced, Dami said: ‘It’s pretty good, decent, I like it,’ while Indiyah chimed in: ‘So overwhelmed.’ The waitress from London then admitted that Dami’s nipple piercing caught her eye on day one but they were coupled up with other people. Reflecting on their Casa Amor drama, Dami explained: ‘I was being true to myself… but we’re in a happy place now.’ With their relationship back on track and the two being officially boyfriend and girlfriend, Indiyah said: ‘Nothing can stop our connection.’ They were so close yet so far as Gemma and Luca finished runners-up. During their chat with Laura before the results, Luca said: ‘As soon as I walked through that door I could see that I was attracted to her,’ remembering his head ‘was gone’ after a chat to Dami about Michael Owen’s eldest daughter. ‘He was just cheeky, he had a bit about him, nice smile, eyes,’ Gemma gushed meanwhile. ‘I could tell that we were going to get on well and have fun,’ she continued before describing their time on Love Island as ‘stubborn’. Love Island is available to watch on the ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope insist ‘nothing can stop our connection’ as couple finish third place on Love Island 2022 MORE : Love Island’s Andrew Le Page ‘always knew’ it was Tasha Ghouri despite Casa Amor antics as the pair come fourth in final 