Luca Bish’s family has leapt to his defense again after Love Island fans blasted the finalist for kicking off at being voted one of the least compatible couples. Paige Thorne and Adam Collard were dumped from the villa after being among the four couples picked by their fellow islanders to be the least compatible couple. Everyone had to vote for two couples, with Ekin-su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti getting votes from every other couple while Luca and Gemma Owen received three votes. Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope were the only couple not to receive a single vote and subsequently secured a spot in tonight’s final. While everyone else was at peace with the result, Luca couldn’t accept it, whispering to Gemma: ‘Ooh I’m gonna have some fun tonight.’ Later, he fumed: ‘The people I voted for I don’t give a f**k’, adding that he sounded ‘angry’ because: ‘F**king all I know is how good me and Gemma are, but then three of you voted for me.’ His family has now defended the fishmonger, 23, again sharing a post that suggests Luca wasn’t upset about the votes but was angry ‘no one voiced any concerns about him and Gemma’s relationship before’. Championing the comment, his family wrote: ‘Say it louder for the people at the back!!! Our boy has been so open, loyal and honest with his emotions the entire way through this experience. ‘Like our mum said, we’ve wanted to tell him off a few times (think I might buy a cream pie to throw at him so that I have the opportunity tbf) but he’s been so true to himself and not been afraid to be emotional. Anything untoward was resolved. We’re so proud, as are his friends. ‘Our boy is coming home with his forever love. ‘LOVE island 2022 complete.’ After Luca’s strop, even Gemma tried to calm him down. ‘That’s their point, they can say it without us trying to fight back,’ she told him. Regardless, Gemma and Luca are still in the Love Island final and will compete against Indiyah, Dami, Andrew, Tasha and runaway favourites Ekin-su and Davide for the £50,000 prize. Love Island concludes tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 