Doctor Who newcomer Neil Patrick Harris has provided an insight into Ncuti Gatwa’s upcoming role as the beloved Time Lord. The How I Met Your Mother actor, 49, was recently revealed as the latest star to join the cast for its highly-anticipated 60th-anniversary special, which is set to air in 2023. While it hasn’t been announced who he’ll be playing, fans are sure they’ve already hit the nail on the head, believing he’ll star as the Celestial Toymaker. The upcoming episode will mark Ncuti’s debut as the titular lead after showrunner Russell T Davies confirmed the news in May this year. Details over Ncuti’s role have been kept under wraps, however, Neil assured fans that the 14th Doctor will be making history. Addressing his encounter with the Sex Education star, Neil said: ‘I got to meet and interact with him a bit and he’s glorious.’ ‘He’ll be the first gay Doctor, which is going to be super cool, a sexier Doctor,’ he added to Variety. And Neil wasn’t the only Hollywood A-lister singing Ncuti’s praises. Actor Ryan Gosling, who has been working alongside Ncuti on the upcoming Barbie movie, recently hailed the 29-year-old actor ‘the coolest.’ ‘Him playing Doctor Who is the most exciting thing that’s happening right now. I’m here for it,’ he said during an appearance on The One Show. Screenwriter Russell said keeping Ncuti’s casting a secret was a ‘spectacular operation’, and the reveal took ‘a hell of a lot of planning’. ‘The fact that we had to do all this in secret meant we wererattling with tension,’ he said in the Production Notes column of the Doctor Who magazine. ‘Not only had Ncuti’s name not been leaked, but he hadn’t even beenguessed. His casting had been locked away, since February, with all ofus worrying that it would be spoiled, any day now. ‘But it worked. It absolutely worked.’ Doctor Who returns this autumn on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Doctor Who’s Mark Gatiss hasn’t been asked to return for new series MORE : Doctor Who showrunner Russell T Davies leads tributes to Bernard Cribbins: ‘A legend has left the world’ 