It has crept up on us quickly but the Love Island final is happening tonight, with one couple set to walk away with the eye-watering £50,000 cash prize. We have been so absorbed in the ITV2 reality show, presented by Laura Whitmore, it’s been easy to forget the islanders don’t have the foggiest about what’s gone on outside of the villa. While tensions have been running high in Mallorca, whether that be the ups and downs of Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti’s romance or viewers cringing over an ‘awkward’ final date between Gemma Owen and Luca Bish, the world has been equally chaotic. To fill the Love Island finalists in, we’ve created a handy little guide about everything they need to know. Here’s what they’ve missed out on… The day that nobody thought would come finally arrived: Boris Johnson resigned as prime minister. As he steadfastly clung on to his leadership as scandal after scandal mounted, Johnson’s own party revolted, with high-profile allies such as Rishi Sunak quitting his government. The gaffe-prone leader’s downfall was his own doing, with a never-ending list of wrong-doings from giving a top job to Chris Pincher, despite knowing about groping allegations made against him, and partygate. While Johnson confirmed his exit from Number 10 on July 7, he will remain in power until a new leader is chosen. The race is now on, with Rishi and Liz Truss recently taking part in a televised debate labelled ‘the stuff of nightmares’ by audiences. The UK is waking up to a nationwide hangover today after the women’s England football team finally brought it home, beating Germany to win Euros 2022. Already the result is a game-changing moment for football and women in sport with more than 17million people tuning in to watch the Lionesses triumph, marking the most watched TV moment of the year – beating the Queen’s Jubilee. It was everyone’s Y2K dream come true. Jennifer Lopez, 52, and Ben Affleck secretly wed after rekindling their romance in 2021. Bennifer’s marriage took the world by storm, namely because the stars had managed to keep it under wraps. They said ‘I do’ on Saturday, July 16 in Las Vegas, three months after Ben, 49, popped the question, reportedly during a bubble bath. JLo – who legally changed her surname to Affleck – shared photos and videos of her dress, while Ben showed off his white tux, with the pair exchanging vows at the Little White Chapel. It was hot, hot, hot in the UK – like, never-seen-before levels of heat. Temperatures reached record-breaking highs in the UK on Tuesday, July 19, hitting 40.3°C for the first time ever, according to the Met Office. Stars such as Married At First Sight UK’s Adam Aveling and Tayah Victoria were even forced to evacuate their home due to the extreme weather after a fire broke out in their local area. Other celebs were fortunate to not have to take such drastic measures, with the likes of Gemma Collins able to live it up in her garden, whacking out the BBQ and enjoying a summer feast with close friends. There is no contest for the sound of the summer as it is undeniably Beyoncé, who dropped killer album Renaissance on Friday. It’s the first LP the Crazy in Love singer has released since 2016’s Lemonade, and boy, did we need it. The 40-year-old’s banging dance music album was partly inspired by her Uncle Johnny, who died from HIV complications when Bey was a teen. As her mum Tina Knowles-Lawson explained on Instagram, he had a profound effect on Beyoncé’s music and style, even creating her prom dress. Ukraine won the Eurovision Song Contest back in May, with Kalush Orchestra flying to the top of the leaderboard with their song Stefania. As per Eurovision rules, the winning country earns the right to host the massive singing competition the following year, but unfortunately Ukraine was forced to pull out due to the ongoing Russian invasion. It was announced in July that the UK would do the honours instead, after coming in second place with artist Sam Ryder. With all the excitement brewing, DJ Scott Mills spoke to Metro.co.uk and reiterated the importance of ‘not losing sight of’ why the UK was given the opportunity to host the contest. He added: ‘Hosting the contest in the UK is bittersweet but so exciting and I have no doubt the BBC will work with the Ukrainian broadcaster to produce a spectacular contest that will highlight the best of Ukrainian culture and music all produced with a huge amount of love.’ Life is becoming really expensive, with the UK struggling with the worst rate of inflation since the 1970s, egged on by the Covid pandemic and the war in Ukraine. Bills have skyrocketed to such an extent the government is handing out emergency discounts, including a £400 deduction on gas and electricity this winter. But it’s not just heat prices that are spiraling, as the cost of everyday food items have also soared. A single tub of Lurpak butter had shot up to an eye-watering £7.25 at Sainsburys. Yikes. It truly was the trial that gripped the nation, beginning when Coleen Rooney accused Rebekah Vardy of leaking ‘false stories’ about her private life to the press. The accusation came about after Rooney conducted a months-long sting operation which saw her dubbed ‘Wagatha Christie.’ Vehemently denying the claim, Vardy sued Rooney for libel and so began the £3million lawsuit. It was not to be for Vardy, who lost the case, after Mrs Justice Steyn ruled it was ‘likely’ that Vardy’s agent at the time, Caroline Watt, ‘undertook the direct act’ of passing the information to The Sun. However, it’s not completely over as TV production company Chalkboard has confirmed they are producing a drama based on the courtroom scenes. No cast has been announced yet, but  we reckon Jodie Comer and Billie Piper could play our two leading ladies. Love Island concludes tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers in hysterics as Ekin-Su Culculoglu stars ‘in her actress era’ during girls’ ‘undercover missions’ MORE : Love Island: Who is the favourite to win? Latest odds back Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti 