Going incognito probably isn’t easy when you’re as famous as Paris Hilton so, sometimes, a disguise can be your best friend. The US star performed a DJ set at Tomorrowland over the weekend – a Belgian electronic dance music festival held in Boom, Flanders. Doing what she does best, TV icon Paris got on the decks and blasted the tunes, giving everyone a day to remember. But, she also wanted to be in the crowd with the revellers, so decided to wear a wig to hide her famous blonde locks. You may not be so convinced that that would work, but surprisingly, her metallic blue shoulder-length wig was a major success. She also blended in with festival-goers by wearing a black vest top, black sleeves and gloves, which she paired with a black mini skirt, hiding her face with sunnies. Paris shared a video to TikTok after being filmed living her best life amongst fans, dancing without a care in the world. In the compilation video which had Benny Benassi’s Satisfaction playing over the top, she wrote: ‘Decided to wear a disguise to TomorrowLand so I could sliv my heart out.’ However, it seems the disguise might have been too good, as the heiress was actually chatted up by a guy who clearly didn’t know it was her. ‘I raved the night away undercover and it really worked but…it might have worked too well’, she wrote. The man was seen asking her: ‘Who is that? Your boyfriend?’, to which Paris responded: ‘That’s my husband.’ Paris tied the knot with Carter Reum in 2021 in a three-day lavish affair, documenting the entire wedding journey from start to finish on her Peacock series, Paris In Love. Meanwhile, on stage at Tomorrowland, the media personality was in loud, proud Paris mode, with her outfit a stark contrast to the mysterious look she wore to dance with other ticket holders. It would’ve been hard to miss Paris, who looked ultra glam head-to-toe sequins, including a rainbow bodysuit and matching boots, sunglasses, and even her headphones bedazzled. She also wore a headband with her name on, of course, which swept back her golden tresses. Paris wore a beaming smile on her face as she put on a show for the crowd of thousands, making sure to capture memories on her phone. And, as a woman after our own hearts, she ended the night with McDonalds fries. The businesswoman took to the stage on the final day of Tomorrowland, which began on July 15 and also featured performances from the likes of Martin Garrix, Steve Aoki, Afrojack, and Marshmello. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sylvester Stallone takes aim at Rocky’s ‘Parasite producers’ after spin-off teased: ‘Return my rights bloodsuckers’ MORE : Ne-Yo asks for ‘privacy’ after wife Crystal Smith accuses him of cheating with ‘numerous women’ throughout marriage 