Records have officially been broken, as more than 17million people watched the Lionesses bring home the win at the European Championship final 2022. England scored a sensational 2-1 win against Germany with goals from Ella Toone and Chloe Kelly, with a peak audience of 17.4million on BBC One at 7:30pm. It smashes the previous record of 9.3million, achieved a few days earlier by the Euro 2022 semi-final, which saw the Lionesses score a 4-0 win against Sweden. It’s also the most-watched moment of the year by far, beating the Queen’s Jubilee and the men’s Wimbledon final, which both achieved a peak viewership of 7.5million. According to Barb data, the average viewership for the final was 11million. The last women’s World Cup, which saw England lose to the USA in the semi-final, drew a peak audience of 11.8million. It was a historic win for the Lionesses as, not only is it England’s first major trophy since the men’s team won the World Cup in 1966, but it’s also the first time an England team has ever won the European Championships. The match also broke attendance records, with more than 87,000 people watching at Wembley. The previous attendance record for a Euros fixture – either men’s or women’s – was set in 1964 when 79,115 spectators watching Spain against the Soviet Union at the Bernabeu in Madrid. The team have celebrated in style, flooding into manager Sarina Wiegman’s press conference to sing Sweet Caroline, and sharing their love for the sport. Meanwhile, the BBC’s presenting team, which included Gabby Logan, Alex Scott, and Ian Wright alongside Arsenal boss Jonas Eidevall, have been widely praised. Gabby’s rousing sign-off from the coverage was especially well-received, with fans declaring it an ‘epic’ moment. ‘Is this a game-changing moment? Well, the record audiences on TV and crowds in the stadiums has been fantastic, brilliant. But to really move the sport on, we need you,’ she said. ‘If you’ve enjoyed it, get yourself along to a WSL [Women’s Super League] game this season, even if you only go to one or two. ‘The Lionesses have brought football home. Now it’s down to the rest of us to make sure it stays here. You think it’s all over? It’s only just begun. From all of us, goodbye.’ The moment was only made all the better by Ian declaring off-screen: ‘Love it, Gabs!’ The Lionesses’ victory parade will also air on BBC One from 12:40pm today. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Chloe Kelly leaves BBC viewers in hysterics after ditching mic mid-interview to join Lionesses for Sweet Caroline MORE : Joe Lycett fans outraged after BBC removes attack on government during Commonwealth Games opening ceremony 