A word to the wise: it’s if you want to bag a Great British bargain holiday, just wait till the schools are back after the summer break. From sumptuous city escapes to rural retreats, there are plenty of luxurious hotels to discover around the UK. And once the holiday rush ends, their prices drop to far more managable levels – and there are even some deals to be had. Here we select five of the best. Why: Set within the 70-acre grounds of the wonderfully restored wild gardens of Consall Hall Estate, the owners worked with conservation architects to produce a set of impressive eco-conscious lodgings. Five miles of pathways span the estate, meandering through woodland, lakeside gardens and secluded fells. USP: A range of accommodation, with 55 immaculate shepherd’s huts, treehouses, boathouses and retreats, with features such as outdoor baths, log burners and stargazing skylights. Do: Discover the neighbouring Consall Woods RSPB reserve and the wider Staffordshire Moorlands. A short drive away is British ceramics capital Stoke-on-Trent, where the likes of Emma Bridgewater and Wedgwood offer fascinating visitor experiences. Book the Wildwood shepherd’s hut from £240pn via The Tawny. Why: Its New York style seduces from the start. Make your way in via the lower-ground ‘Subway’ entrance before heading up into a magnificent atrium overlooking Welford Road stadium, home of Leicester Tigers rugby club. Exposed brickwork and piping nod to Brooklyn’s industrial heyday, while the 191 loft-inspired rooms include skyline suites, hot-tub terraces and dog-friendly accommodation. USP: There are ten fully accessible and six ambulant-accessible bedrooms and en-suite bathrooms including grab rails and shower seats, plus features by accessible design specialist Motionspot. Do: The remains of Richard III were discovered in a Leicester car park in 2012. Learn more at the visitor centre (tickets £10). Take in historic sites such as the Guildhall or look into the future at the National Space Centre (£16.95). Book from £89pn via Bespoke Hotels. Why: This boutique bolthole has just 13 bedrooms, housed in an elegant, white-walled Georgian townhouse (the clue’s in the name) on Haslemere’s leafy High Street. The decor is cool and contemporary, with touches such as quirky framed prints, forest green and royal blue velvet furniture, and globe lighting. There’s an airy restaurant and plenty of communal spaces to work from or just sit at, sipping a vintage negroni. USP: They’ve made the most of their outdoor space, with an extensive garden terrace featuring a large fire pit for those chillier summer nights, and three  intimate private dining igloos. Do: Nearby arts venue Haslemere Hall stages cinema, theatre and music performances. Head to Blackdown Ridge Estate for sparkling wine tasting (tours £15) or go for a hike around the stunning Surrey Hills. Book from £100pn via Coppa Club. Why: This chic city cousin to the renowned Gleneagles estate in Perthshire has been five years in the making as a grand 18th-century bank in New Town’s St Andrew Square was transformed into an elegant five-storey hotel. The 33 bedrooms mix soft pastel colours on walls and furnishings with playful ‘outdoor pursuits’ touches. Lamplighters rooftop bar offers a view past the building’s six original neoclassical statues on to the square, and there’s a sizeable wellness area in the basement where the safes used to be. August rates are high, so save yourself hundreds by booking in September/ October and enjoy the city at its beautiful best. USP: The Spence restaurant is located in the former main banking hall. A vast cupola floods the pillared space with light, where diners sit on plush velvet chairs and banquettes in shades of rose, pistachio and plum, to sample dishes that focus on local ingredients, from West Coast langoustines to Tweed Valley steak. Do: Edinburgh has just been voted the best city in the world to visit by Time Out and this year marks the 75th anniversary of its festival. Walk up Calton Hill for panoramic views or visit the galleries. Book from £350pn via Gleneagles. Why: If you’re seeking a country escape, this is the retreat for you. Owners Hugo and Olive Guest have refurbished this six-bedroom property. Working with an interior designer friend, and with input from artist Olive, it now has a whimsical, boho-chic feel, with rooms featuring Roberts radios, rolltop baths and mismatched floral fabrics. Artworks and embroidered hangings adorn the walls and antiques pepper the public areas. USP: Hugo sees this as a British agriturismo, with food grown on site. He and his team cure their own charcuterie, grow vegetables and bake bread. Meals are served in the Georgian-style dining room and conservatory, which has a vine running through it. Do: Go to seaside village Beer and have a pint while watching the waves, or take one of the walking trails featured on the maps provided in every room and beautifully illustrated by Olive’s mum. Book from £139pn via Glebe House. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : In the DogHouse: We tried out BrewDogs’s new Manchester hotel MORE : These hotels have the best views in the world MORE : 10 affordable all-inclusive holiday destinations you can book now