Jill Scott has become an internet sensation after being caught swearing at a rival player during the women’s Euro 2022 final on Sunday night. Before England’s Lionesses secured their historic 2-1 victory against Germany at Wembley Stadium, the 35-year-old mid-fielder was pulled down to the ground by opposition player Sydney Lohmann. Clearly furious by the challenge, Jill was then seen shouting and telling Sydney to ‘f*ck off you f*cking pr*ck’ – and her rant didn’t go unnoticed. While the microphones didn’t pick up her expletive-ladened reaction, the live camera footage did, and it didn’t take an expert to read her lips. Even BBC commentator Robyn Cowen had to apologise to viewers during the coverage of the game following the dramatic moment. ‘Apologies to any lip readers,’ she said. ‘Not sure you need to be one to figure out what Jill Scott thought of that.’ Viewers up and down the country were in pieces over the moment and branded the champion’s profanity ‘magnificent’. ‘Jill Scott deserves an OBE for services to furious swearing,’ one enthused. ‘Textbook. Inspirational.’ ‘Not been watching the football, but very happily been watching a loop of this video of Jill Scott saying “f*ck off, you f*cking pr*ck!”,’ another penned. ‘Genuinely marvelous.’ A third said: ‘She must be protected at all costs. She is the best of Britain. Dame Jill Scott.’ England’s win during last night’s match was secured by Chloe Kelly, who scored a goal during extra time. The Lionesses’ victory marks the first major trophy in their history and the first for a senior England side since the 1966 World Cup triumph over West Germany. And if that wasn’t enough, records have officially been broken as more than 17million people watched the team bring home the win. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 