If there’s any excuse for a big night out, bringing football home is a pretty good one, right? The Lionesses went hard last night, partying until 4am after winning England’s first major football tournament title since 1966. Unsurprisingly, there were some roaring hangovers this morning as the team emerged from their den following just two hours sleep. England captain Leah Williamson admitted she was a little worse for wear when she walked out her hotel carrying the Euro trophy and wearing a red bucket hat. Surrounded by cheering fans, she told the BBC: ‘Feeling a bit rough this morning.’ Other players were pictured wearing sunglasses, seemingly to hide their bleary eyes – but were still clearly buzzing with the thrill of their historic victory. It sounds like the squad impressed their Dutch manager in more ways than one yesterday – with Sarina Wiegma quipping ‘English people can really drink’. Describing the celebration as ‘crazy’, she said: ‘There was lots of music. Lots of dancing. And English people can really drink. ‘There was a little bit too much alcohol. But that’s ok. We enjoyed it. When you have these accomplishments it’s really good to party.’ The head of Women’s football at the FA Baroness Susan Campbell said many of the players – and manager – had just two hours sleep last night. ‘It ended about 4am’, she said. ‘All the players, their families and friends were there. It was wonderful. It was a wonderful evening that went on far too long.’ Meanwhile, midfielder Jill Scott showed off her medal on Monday, saying she was ‘keeping it safe’. While the players may be looking for a well-earned rest today, more celebrating is in order. Thousands of fans have filled Trafalgar Square for a victory party after Germany was beaten 2-1. Hayley Fullerd-Jones, 32, who is there with her three daughters, said the win ‘gives her hope for the future’. It has inspired her daughter Madison, 9, who plays football for Sittingbourne Ladies football team. ‘We were cheering, going mad… I think the whole street could hear us’, Ms Fullerd-Jones said. Her sister Maura, 26, added that the result was ‘absolutely unreal’. ‘Just for the women to come so far, when women’s football hasn’t been as highly regarded as the men’s, is absolutely amazing’, she said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.