The first ship carrying Ukrainian grain has set sail from Odesa after weeks of wrangling. The move is a boost to the developing world which relies heavily on the country for much of its food and is facing a major hunger crisis. The vessel set off for Lebanon carrying more than 26,000 tons of corn, according to Turkey’s defence ministry and the United Nations. The Razoni, a Sierra Leone-flagged cargo ship, was clocked coming out from its berth at the port on Monday morning alongside a tug boat, data from the ship Automatic Identification System – a safety tracker for ships at sea – showed. The vessel is expected to reach Istanbul on Tuesday, where it will be inspected, before being allowed to proceed, the Turkish ministry said. The corn will then head on to Beirut, where a massive explosion in 2020 shattered the city and destroyed grain silos. Part of the silos collapsed on Sunday following a weeks-long fire. But more ships are expected to follow, easing starvation fears around the world. The Ukrainian minister of infrastructure, Alexander Kubrakov, said: ‘Today Ukraine, together with partners, is taking another step towards preventing world hunger.’ He added that the move would also help Ukraine amid its ongoing war with Russia. ‘Unlocking ports will provide at least one billion dollars (£0.8 billion) in foreign exchange revenue to the economy and an opportunity for the agricultural sector to plan for next year,’ Mr Kubrakov continued. The Turkish ministry statement said other ships would also depart Ukraine’s ports through the safe corridors in line with deals signed in Istanbul on July 22, but did not provide further details. Ukraine’s infrastructure ministry suggested that 16 more ships – all blocked since the beginning of Russia’s invasion in late February – are waiting their turn to leave Odesa. Russia and Ukraine signed separate agreements with Turkey and the UN clearing the way for Ukraine – one of the world’s key suppliers – to export 22 million tons of grain and other agricultural goods stuck in Black Sea ports because of Russia’s invasion. The deals also allow Russia to exports grain and fertilisers. The United Nations welcomed the development. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres says he hopes it will be just the first of many commercial ships carry Ukrainian grain abroad and ‘bring much-needed stability and relief to global food security especially in the most fragile humanitarian contexts’. However, previous deals between Russia and Ukraine during the war have gone sour and Odesa has been repeatedly attacked by Vladimir Putin’s forces. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : Putin infiltrated Chernobyl ‘with Russian spies’ before easy invasion