Vladimir Putin announced the Russian navy is set to be armed with 7,000mph hypersonic zircon missiles, in a chilling warning to the West. Speaking on Russia’s Navy Day in the former imperial capital of St. Petersburg, Putin heaped praise on Tsar Peter the Great and credited him with helping make Russia a great sea power. Following that, he gave a short speech in which he promised naval ships would soon be equipped with unique zircon hypersonic missiles, which he claimed would give Russia the military might to defeat any opponents. The president said the missiles would be deployed in the coming months and would allow the Russian navy to respond quickly to any potential threats. Putin said: ‘The delivery of these [missiles] to the Russian armed forces will start in the coming months. ‘The Admiral Gorshkov frigate will be the first to go on combat duty with these formidable weapons on board.’ ‘The key thing here is the capability of the Russian navy… It is able to respond with lightning speed to all who decide to infringe on our sovereignty and freedom.’ Although Putin did not reference Ukraine directly in his speech, he said he had ‘no problem’ with using the missiles to defend Moscow’s interests around the world. Russia carried out tests of the new zircon missiles in May, releasing footage of the ‘unstoppable weapon’ being launched from a ship in the Barents Sea and successfully hitting a target over 625 miles away. The rockets are said to be capable of travelling at speeds of up to Mach 9 – nine times the speed of sound – and have been hailed by Russian state TV to be Putin’s preferred weapon of choice to target US cities. Shortly before giving the speech, Putin signed a 55-page naval doctrine which outlines Russia’s naval aims and objectives for the foreseeable future, including a desire to establish itself as a ‘great maritime power’ whose influence extends all over the world. According to the doctrine, the main threat to Russian naval interests is ‘the strategic policy of the USA to dominate the world’s oceans’ and the movement of the Nato military alliance closer towards Russia’s borders. Elsewhere in the doctrine is an acknowledgement that Russia does not currently have enough global naval bases to dominate the seas, but that it seeks to extend its influence by cultivating alliances with India, Iraq, Saudi Arabia and other states in the region. ‘Guided by this doctrine, the Russian Federation will firmly and resolutely defend its national interests in the world’s oceans, and having sufficient maritime power will guarantee their security and protection,’ the document said. Putin claims the missiles could be used if diplomatic and economic tools become exhausted, suggesting they may come into effect should Russia seek to defend its maritime borders. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.