It’s official: Big Brother is back! After rumours and speculation of the beloved reality show making a comeback, ITV have confirmed the original reality TV format is launching on ITV2 next year. From the show that gave us the likes of Alison Hammond and Adele Roberts, and the spin-off that hosted names including Rylan Clark and Gemma Collins, Big Brother is making a highly-anticipated return. A new cast of housemates from across the country and all walks of life will be homed in a brand new Big Brother house, with the eyes of the nation on them across the six weeks. We’ll be watching every move, and cannot wait for all the drama to come. According to the show release: ‘The action will all play out under the roof of the iconic Big Brother house, which will be given its own contemporary new look ready for this reimagining of the show. ‘Clever tasks, nail-biting nominations and live evictions will be back, with the public once again playing a crucial role, voting throughout the series and ultimately determining the winner, who will walk away with a life changing cash prize.’ Big Brother initially ran from 2000 to 2010 on Channel 4, and saw presenters Davina McCall and Rylan before its move to Channel 5 until 2018 where it was presented by series two champion Brian and later Emma Willis. In April, a TV source told The Sun that moving Big Brother to ITV will open it up to a ‘new audience and legion of younger fans’. ‘They are really keen on getting the deal done on Big Brother, and hope to have something firm to announce soon,’ they continued. ‘The talks are still at an early, and delicate, stage and the next few weeks will be key.’ This Morning’s Alison, who was a housemate in the 2002 series that was won by Kate Lawler, recently threw her hat in the ring to be considered to present the reboot. When asked if she’d like to front it, she told The Late-ish Show with Mo Gilligan: ‘I think so. They need to change it up a bit. We’ve got to put it out there to the universe. Let’s make it happen!’ Paul Mortimer, Director of Reality Commissioning & Acquisitions and Controller, ITV2, ItvBe & CITV, has promised even more twists in the reboot series, saying: ‘This refreshed, contemporary new series of Big Brother will contain all the familiar format points that kept viewers engaged and entertained the first time round, but with a brand new look and some additional twists that speak to today’s audience. ‘We’re beyond excited to bring this iconic series to ITV2 and ITVX where it should especially engage with our younger viewers.’ Big Brother gave us countless memorable moments during its time and shot everyday people to superstardom in its heyday. The likes of Jade Goody and Nikki Grahame became household names thanks to the show, while the celeb version created some unlikely friendships and even romances. Who knows who this new series will plummet into the limelight? Big Brother returns to ITV2 in 2023. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Big Brother return ‘imminent’ after ITV ‘signs deal to bring it back’ MORE : Rylan Clark rips into Tory leadership hopefuls in savage takedown: ‘Stop being a f***ing a***hole’ 