A UK-based surgeon has helped saved the life of Brazilian twins who were born with fused brains, in what may have been one of the most complex operations in history. Conjoined twins Bernardo and Arthur Lima battled through a number of procedures lasting hours on end in Rio de Janeiro, under the direction of Great Ormond Street Hospital paediatric surgeon Noor ul Owase Jeelani. The boys, three, faced more than 33 hours of surgery in their final two procedures alone, involving almost 100 medics. In all, they underwent seven operations after surgeons spent months trialling various techniques in virtual reality before the delicate surgery began for real. Health staff have hailed the ‘life-changing’ result, with Bernardo and Arthur now recovering some two-and-a-half years after their parents came to the hospital for help. Pictures show the brothers before and after the surgery. In one image they are seen separated on a hospital bed bandaged up and holding hands. The care was led by Mr Jeelani, alongside Dr Gabriel Mufarrej, head of paediatric surgery at Instituto Estadual do Cerebro Paulo Niemeyer. Mr Jeelani described the operation as a ‘remarkable achievement’ by medics but added that the charity relies on public donations to keep its work going. ‘The successful separation of Bernardo and Arthur is a remarkable achievement by the team in Rio and a fantastic example of why the work of Gemini Untwined is so valuable’, he said. ‘Not only have we provided a new future for the boys and their family, we have equipped the local team with the capabilities and confidence to undertake such complex work successfully again in the future. ‘It is through this process of teamwork and knowledge-sharing globally that we can hope to improve the outcome for all children and families that find themselves in this difficult position. ‘This is only possible through generous donations from members of the public.’ Dr Mufarrej added that the hospital where he works had been caring for the boys for two and a half years, and their surgery will be ‘life-changing’. He said: ‘Since the parents of the boys came from their home in the Roraima region to Rio to seek our help two and a half years ago, they had become part of our family here in the hospital. ‘We are delighted that the surgery went so well and the boys and their family have had such a life-changing outcome.’ Their work was supported by Gemini Untwined, a charity founded by Mr Jaleeni to raise funds for siblings born joined at the head – known as craniopagus twins. The charity suggested that separating Bernardo and Arthur was one of the most complex separation processes ever completed – and many surgeons did not even think it possible. Since the twins are almost four years old, they are also the oldest craniopagus twins with a fused brain to have been separated. Both twins are recovering well in hospital, and will be supported with six months of rehabilitation, the charity has said. According to Gemini figures, one in 60,000 births result in conjoined twins, and only 5% of these are craniopagus. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : Time lapse captures rapid spread of ‘most contagious’ Covid variant yet