Love Island has unveiled the first glimpse at the hotly anticipated final ahead of tonight’s last episode of series 8, and it looks dead romantic. As it stands, Ekin-Su Culculoglu and Davide Sanclimenti, Gemma Owen and Luca Bish, Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Page, and Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope are all competing for the crown. But there can only be one winner, and presenter Laura Whitmore will be on hand to declare who has been victorious and bagged the £50,000 cash prize. Spoiler photos show our finalists seriously loved up as they celebrate their final moments inside the Majorcan villa together (before no doubt being rushed to the secret holding location). Ahead of the big Summer Ball send off, the islanders are given a quick professional salsa lesson where they’re taught a ‘small class of hot Latin dance’. ‘Good that Tasha’s next to me because I cannot move to save my life,’ Andrew admits. ‘How am I going to be able to do this?’ Indiyah laughs, while Ekin-Su enthuses of her and Davide: ‘Be the best, why not?’ After their rehearsal, the islanders get all dressed up for their evening soiree. The boys, dressed smartly in their tuxes, are the first to make their way back into the villa, and they stand patiently by the pool for their partners to arrive one by one. And, of course, the girls look spectacular as they make their grand entrances. Photographs show Ekin-Su dressed in a pink satin number, while Indiyah sparkles in a bedazzled white bustier gown. Meanwhile, Gemma keeps it stylish in a more conservative black dress, with Tasha opting for a blue strapless dress and long black mesh gloves. But it’s not just the finalists who’ve made an effort in their finery, as the villa has been transformed with red roses and a flower arch. After greeting their partners with a kiss, the islanders take their seats for the evening and prepare to each read their declarations to their loved ones. And it looks like there is romance and tears of joy in abundance as the group all express their true feelings. Love Island narrator Iain Stirling said it is ‘bitter sweet’ as the eighth series prepares to conclude tonight. ‘I think it is bitter sweet from contestant up to, you know, executive producer and everyone in-between, it is that thing of it’s two months, it’s every day,’ he told Good Morning Britain. ‘We’ve had such a nice time (but) we’re all probably ready to go home. ‘But we’re very excited for the final, and also there’s that horrible feeling of then it’s over, and what do you do? What do you do with your evenings?’ Paige Thorne and Adam Collard narrowly missed out on a place in the final after they received the least amount of votes from the public and were dumped from the villa in Sunday’s episode. Their exit came as Paige’s mum warned her daughter that she was not convinced Adam is being genuine. ‘I’m not buying it,’ she told her. Love Island 2022 concludes tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 