With prices rising and the cost of living crisis continuing, we are always on the hunt for savvy ways to shop and save. But did you know you can make serious savings simply by using your Tesco Clubcard? One Tesco employee has shed light on a lesser-known money-saving hack. Gracie Jayne shared the information on TikTok, letting people know that they could be claiming three times the normal amount of cash back. And this money can then be put towards hotel stays. While the Tesco Clubcard is synonymous with savings on everyday items, such as loo rolls and biscuits, there are a number of benefits and special offers which people don’t claim. The main reason for this is that they just don’t know about them. Gracie, a sales assistant at the supermarket, shared the ‘worker tip’ so others can benefit from it, too. ‘I was scanning all these Clubcard vouchers and I remember that not a lot of people know that you can get three times as much money back to spend on hotels,’ she says in the clip. She then goes on to tell viewers that you can use your points to treat yourself, and do something nice. Gracie also opens her Clubcard app and encourages people to scroll to the bottom until they can see ‘Rewards.’ Users will then be taken to a section where there are lots of deals to choose from – including days out at theme parks and great hotel stays. ‘The one I used is a hotels.com one. You get three times as much back,’ she noted. ‘So for every £5 of vouchers, you get £15. Honestly don’t know why people don’t use the extra free money.’ Gracie also explains that she’s used the vouchers to pay for hostels for her interrailing trip, while she currently enjoys her gap year. So there you have it, get those Clubcards out and start saving. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How much do women footballers get paid? MORE : Mum reveals tricks to occupy kids on weekends without spending money MORE : Seven money-saving hacks on TikTok, reviewed by experts