A stunning Mexican estate is available to rent as a holiday home – but it will set you back a whopping £27,000 a night. Located in popular celebrity vacation spot Cabo San Lucas, the luxury home sleeps up to 16 guests. The impressive estate is perched on a cliff, overlooking the beach, and has some incredible features such as a home spa with massage room. It also has a ‘snow room’ to cool off in after using the home gym, and boasts stunning gardens with an infinity pool. There’s no denying that this house has an aesthetically-pleasing exterior – but the grandeur continues inside, too. Traditional touches are featured mostly in the living and dining rooms, with vaulted ceilings and exposed wood beams. There’s also a staff kitchen, with a formal dining area which can seat 20, and a chef ready to whip up local specialties. So it really could be the holiday of a lifetime. There’s also a wine fridge, ice maker, gas fireplace, wine bar and wine cellar – so no one will go hungry or thirsty. The 10-bedroom, 10-bathroom home comes with four king size bedrooms and six twins. For added privacy, two of the master suites come with private terraces and plunge pools. In addition, there is plenty of office space for anyone needing to do some work while on holiday. Outside there is a stunning oceanfront view to enjoy with a heated infinity pool, sun loungers, alfresco dining areas, wet bar, terrace, balcony and fire pit. This means there’s plenty of space for guests to watch boats sail past and perhaps spot a humpback whale – if they’re lucky. It’s also located within a gated community – so there are three parking spaces outside and a garage, while security cameras surround the area for safety. This luxury Airbnb can be booked at £27,728 per night, but prices may vary depending on dates. Feast on more pictures of the incredible listing below. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Airbnb launches ‘historical homes’ category so guests can book stays with interesting pasts MORE : Why getting on the property ladder is harder than ever MORE : Artist saves £60,000 with a DIY makeover on her colourful coastal home