KFC is synonymous with great fried chicken, but it’s also making moves in the fashion world. Yes, you heard us right, KFC is doing style. The fast food chain has partnered with lifestyle brand Hype to create a 47-piece collection – including hoodies, racer jackets and backpacks. The line-up of co-branded clothing and accessories features exciting designs inspired by both brands, blending KFC’s tongue-in-cheek interactive messaging with Hype’s bold heritage statements. The exclusive range boasts all the staples including bralettes, joggers, tees, puffer jackets, caps and backpacks. Perfect for festival wear, the designs are inspired by KFC’s history, menus and slogans. It includes Hype’s original dad cap shape with ‘Bargain Bucket’ embroidered across the front and a statement loungewear set encompassing a bright white soft-touch fabric base with a contrasting KFC red ‘It’s Finger Lickin’ Good’ embossment. Make a real statement with the stand-out vintage KFC racer jacket, which is a timeless oversized piece emblazoned with the chain’s classic branding – alongside button fastening details and fitted hem and cuffs. For those looking to accessorise, the new KFC Bucket Bag and KFC Drinks Bag are the perfect finishing touches to any outfit – and have been carefully designed to hold a bucket of chicken and a KFC drink, respectively. Hype  was set up in 2011 and its mission was lifestyle dominance. The words ‘Get Your Own’ inscribed onto a lighter, and a simple script over a floral-printed tee was the catalyst in turning it into a household name. Now, it’s an instantly-recognisable global brand. Meanwhile, in 1952 Colonel Harland Sanders opened the first KFC restaurant in Utah. Since then, the business has become famous all over the world with more than 900 restaurants across the UK and Ireland. The notoriety of both brands means this is a match made in food and fashion heaven. The collection launches exclusively at Hype’s Carnaby London store, via justHYPE.com and in selected retailers worldwide from the August 4, 2022. This new collection follows in the footsteps of the popular Greggs x Primark collaboration – with a second drop announced last week. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Fashion model reveals the tough reality of working in the industry as a teenager MORE : Abercrombie and Fitch is cool now – and not just for preppy teenagers MORE : Tesco worker shares lesser-known Clubcard hack that gives shoppers three times as much money back