Athletics legend Steve Cram, 61, on cool curling, running around canals in Birmingham and talking politics with Sebastian Coe. It’s a big event in terms of its size because it’s multi-sport and there’s around 70 countries taking part. Its impact in the UK has always been strong because it’s the one event where we split into England, Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland, Guernsey and the rest of it. I think that brings added support. The public love it though because we win a lot of medals and the crowds get to see some of the biggest stars. There are strong athletes in the 800m and 1500m. Back in my day we were looking for an English clean sweep but this time we’re looking at a Scottish chance of doing something incredible. That’s one of the things about these Games, even though they’re being held in England, the Scottish contingent will get incredible support. I hope people give Jake a bit of wriggle room on this. I was chatting to him and his dad after he won at the Worlds and it’s an incredible thing to have happen to you. You’re not only exhausted physically afterwards – but emotionally he’ll be dealing with it as well. He’s got a brilliant temperament so it won’t affect him in a negative way, I’m sure. But on the other hand, doing the double with the Worlds and Commonwealth isn’t easy. He’s suddenly the man to be shot at and that makes things a little bit more difficult. I love Birmingham. I’ve had lots of great nights out in Birmingham too, which I shan’t go into here! But I also really love running along the canals. When I go to a city to work in, I’m always thinking where can I run? I know the canals like the back of my hand now as I’ve run many, many miles up and down the canals of Birmingham. I used to look at it the other way around. I had one record which lasted all of four weeks. How we measure our success in athletics is by how many events we win and how good can I get? How fast can I run? How far can I jump? And those things are, at first, personal records, then if you’re lucky you break a national record and, if you’re very lucky, you break a world record. They’re both equally as important – but from a personal perspective I was always in it to win things. I didn’t think it was going to last a couple of weeks! [Jakob] Ingebrigtsen is getting close. I was joking with Jake that we need to get him set up to break the record. Funnily enough I was talking about it with some of the team over there in Oregon. The USA won Olympic gold in 2018 and, of course, it’s a massive sport in Canada. I was out with a couple of them and they were teasing me about the curling. But I love it. It’s a fantastic sport. I have. I think I’m starting a little bit late to be honest! It’s one of those sports that looks so easy until you have a go. It’s like golf – you can’t just pick up a golf club and think you can hit the ball. You never know though, maybe in retirement I’ll pick it up. No, I’m a Weetabix man, me. Those were good days though. It’s funny how people remember things. I think I did a couple of other adverts but the one for Kellogg’s Start seems to be the one people remember. I see Seb quite a lot and of course I saw him in Eugene [Oregon]. We’re usually taking the p*** out of each other for something or other. We usually end up talking politics mostly, oddly enough, because we’re on opposite sides of the fence on that as well. Not at all! We’re usually telling each other why the other side isn’t very good – or agreeing with each other occasionally. But, no, we don’t break out the tiddlywinks or anything like that. Follow the Commonwealth Games across the BBC and iPlayer MORE : How long do the Commonwealth Games last? MORE : Joe Lycett fans outraged after BBC removes attack on government during Commonwealth Games opening ceremony MORE : Commonwealth Games track cycling abandoned after crash leaves fans covered in blood 