BP has made record profits of £6.9 billion as millions struggle with the soaring cost of energy bills. It is the oil giant’s highest second-quarter profit in 14 years and follows a £5.11 billion profit in the first three months of 2022. The figure is also the second highest in the firm’s history and takes its half-year profits to nearly £12 billion. The result, even higher than expected, is likely to spark fury following record profits from rival Shell and mammoth earnings from British Gas owner Centrica last week. Meanwhile, some British families face choosing between food and heating this winter, with bills set to surge again in October. Households have now been warned that a regular gas and electricity bill in England, Wales and Scotland could reach £3,615 in the new year. The new prediction, from energy consultant Cornwall Insight, is hundreds of pounds higher than previous forecasts. In May, the government announced emergency energy discounts worth £400 per household. But experts have cautioned this will ‘only scratch the surface’ for households. BP’s reported half-year figures were impacted by a massive £19.9 billion hit from the decision to ditch the firm’s near-20% stake in Russian oil producer Rosneft. The move, a response to Russia’s brutal invasion of Ukraine, left BP with bottom line replacement cost losses of £13 billion. BP chief executive officer Bernard Looney said in February he was ‘deeply shocked and saddened’ and his ‘heart goes out to everyone affected’. The company’s preferred measure of reporting comes in underlying replacement cost profits. The new figures are for the three months to June 30. This is up from £2.3 billion a year ago. On Friday, Richard Neudegg, director of regulation at Uswitch, called for the £400 in government support to be increased to at least £600, and for payments to vulnerable households to rise from £650 to £950. ‘The Government did the right thing by stepping in with wide-reaching support to try to help ease the blow. However, this support now looks like a severe under-estimation of what consumers need’, he said. ‘Households need clarity to help them plan for the most expensive winter in living memory.’ Charity National Energy Action last month predicted that, should the average bill reach £3,250 per year, 8.2 million UK households will be in fuel poverty, or one in three. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.