Michael Owen has expressed his pride in his daughter Gemma Owen after the Love Island 2022 final came to an end. During tonight’s grand finale, Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti were crowned the winners of the series, leaving Gemma and her partner Luca Bish in second place. Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope finished in third, while Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Page ended their time in the competition in fourth place. While former professional footballer Michael has refrained from speaking out too much about his 19-year-old daughter’s involvement on the show, after the finale wrapped up, he shared a message dedicated to her on social media. Sharing a photo of them sitting together in a restaurant, he wrote: ‘She’s done us proud.’ Michael, 42, didn’t join his wife Louise Bonsall when she went into the villa for the meet-the-parents episode, so Luca’s yet to meet his partner’s famous dad. Over on Gemma’s Instagram, her loved ones posted a message sharing how proud they felt of the international dressage rider, which began by saying: ‘Words can’t describe how proud we all are of Gemma.’ It continued: ‘She has shown the nation how mature, honest and classy she truly is. From the bottom of our hearts thank you for all the love and support…Gemma is going to be SO overwhelmed.’ Over on Luca’s Instagram, a statement about the 23-year-old fishmonger read: ‘Thank you SO much from the bottom of our hearts for all of the support you’ve shown this gorgeous couple. ‘So excited to continue watching your journey from the outside. You really did win by finding each other.’ While speaking to host Laura Whitmore during the live part of tonight’s final, Gemma opened up about how ‘stubborn’ her journey had been with Luca. However, she also shared how similar they were as people, while explaining that she wanted to wait before making their relationship official so that she could get  her family’s approval of Luca. Meanwhile, he teased that he has something ‘special’ up his sleeve to ask Gemma to be his girlfriend in the outside world. Love Island is available to watch on ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ekin-Su Culculoglu breaks down in tears as she and Davide Sanclimenti are crowned Love Island 2022 winners and scoop £50,000 prize money: ‘It’s so surreal’ MORE : Gemma Owen sheds light on ‘stubborn’ Love Island journey with Luca Bish as pair finish as runners-up 