Sarina Wiegman could manage in men’s football after guiding England to Women’s Euro 2022 glory, according to Chelsea’s Emma Hayes. The Dutchwoman has secured back-to-back Women’s Euros trophies after leading the Netherlands to the 2017 title before Sunday’s triumph with England. In her 20 games in charge of the Lionesses, Wiegman has won 18, drawn two and is yet to lose a match. The side have scored 106 goals and conceded just five times. Under her leadership, England beat Latvia 20-0 last year, which set a new national record in what has been a truly remarkable spell. The 52-year-old has also won the Arnold Clark Cup with England and reached the Women’s World Cup final with the Netherlands in 2019. She won titles in club football before stepping into international management and was crowned The Best FIFA Women’s Coach in 2017 and 2020. Chelsea boss Hayes, who is also considered as one of the best managers in the women’s game and has been linked to roles in men’s football, has backed Wiegman to one day manage in the men’s game. ‘She is an amazing manager,’ Hayes told the PA news agency. ‘It’s the same sport, she just manages women rather than men at an extremely high level. ‘I think some of the opinions in and around whether women could do that job are absolute nonsense. Of course she could do the job. ‘I think it is time for a lot of things to be on more of an equal footing. ‘Whether it is my niece only being able to play one football session in school, whereas the boys play three, or girls who are playing at the same level as the men on a fraction of their pay. ‘For me, there has to be an increase in investment across the game, and when it comes to coaching into the men’s game it has to be a pre-requisite for successful teams. ‘I think it is time for those changes to happen. ‘You’ve got to invest in not only free access for the kids, but also coaching, because seeing Sarina on the touchline last night I think is immense for any young girl who aspires to grow up being a coach. We need to invest in female coaches as well. ‘I am super proud of Sarina. She is an an immense human being who carries the pressure so well and delivers in so many different ways. ‘I’m sure for her winning the title with her home nation was immense, but she realised last night how massive football is in this country. ‘She is so humble, she is knowledgeable, she is wise and she is experienced, and most importantly, she is a fantastic person.’ MORE : Lucy Bronze makes World Cup vow as England celebrate Euro 2022 win in Trafalgar Square MORE : 'Another Wembley scam!' - German media claim England 'cheated' in Euro 2022 final For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 