Ex-Celebrity Big Brother star (and host) Rylan Clark is overjoyed at the news that the hit reality show is making a comeback, and he’s even hinted that he could be fronting it. After rumours and speculation of the beloved reality show returning, ITV has confirmed the original reality TV format is launching on ITV2 next year. A new cast of housemates from across the country and all walks of life will be homed in a brand new Big Brother house, with the eyes of the nation on them across the six weeks. And of course Rylan is over the moon at the news. Taking to Twitter, the TV star penned: ‘He was always watching… It’s coming home,’ before adding a selection of memes in the comments. But that wasn’t the only Twitter update Rylan shared. In fact, keen-eyed fans may have spotted that his Twitter location includes: ‘The Big Brother House.’ Is he trying to tell us something? Elsewhere, Rylan also briefly hosted a Twitter space, titled ‘He’s back.’ Could he have broken the news? Big Brother first aired in the UK in 2000 on Channel 4 and continued for 11 series on the network until 2010, when it was picked up by Channel 5. Rylan, who won Celebrity Big Brother in 2013, would be a fan favourite for a return, which he already credits for ‘changing his life’. Big Brother initially ran from 2000 to 2010 on Channel 4, and saw presenters Davina McCall and Rylan before its move to Channel 5 until 2018 where it was presented by series two champion Brian and later Emma Willis. In April, a TV source told The Sun that moving Big Brother to ITV would open it up to a ‘new audience and legion of younger fans’. ‘They are really keen on getting the deal done on Big Brother, and hope to have something firm to announce soon,’ they continued. According to the show release: ‘The action will all play out under the roof of the iconic Big Brother house, which will be given its own contemporary new look ready for this reimagining of the show. ‘Clever tasks, nail-biting nominations and live evictions will be back, with the public once again playing a crucial role, voting throughout the series and ultimately determining the winner, who will walk away with a life changing cash prize.’ Big Brother returns to ITV2 in 2023. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : It’s official: Big Brother is back and returning to screens in 2023 with a ‘brand new look’ and even more twists MORE : Big Brother star Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace ‘broken’ after losing fifth baby to a miscarriage 