It’s an electrifying time where new friends, community figures and inspiring individuals may bring something new to the party. Inspiration is the key word for many of us, whether it’s trying out a new culinary dish, branching out into society or making the most of a new money-making initiative. Cancer, a new acquaintance may bring out a side of you that is liberating. Scorpio, you just may find that soul mate you walk off into the sunset with… reach out. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for August 2, 2022. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Today’s Venus-Uranus tie can inspire a domestic makeover, while your eye may be caught by something in a vintage shop that could add a special touch to a room. Your desire for something unique will show up and might even extend to culinary pleasures. Try a new menu or recipe. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 A desire to experience a different side of life could find you eager to engage with your community. You might zero in on someone who has an interesting story to share or whose savvy appreciation of a local issue has led to an ingenious solution. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Sometimes clever ideas show up at the most unexpected moments and today, a sizzling blend of energies could bring a moneymaking plan into conscious awareness. You might wonder why you never thought of it before but, now it has arrived, make the most of it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 With lovely Venus continuing in your sign and aligning with an electrifying energy, you may be bowled over by someone you meet. You might hit it off immediately and find that talking to them brings out a side of you that isn’t normally seen, which could be very freeing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 It may be all systems go but a side of you is likely in need of some quiet time to process a situation or get to grips with a project that requires some lateral thinking. Much can be accomplished by letting everything simmer for a while and what bubbles up could be quite enlightening. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Your friends could provide a channel for feelings that need an outlet so don’t feel that you have to stay in alone while you get to grips with something. Sharing it with your group might bring answers you’d never have thought of. Also, this is a good time to try mediation or yoga. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 An opportunity to advance yourself shouldn’t be passed by and there are many ways in which you can do so. Over the next day, watch out for an opportunity that might come out of the blue and that could work to your benefit. On a social note, there is much to be gained by networking. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Hitch your wagon and ride off into the sunset with that special someone by your side. You may have a case of wanderlust but you’ll likely want someone to accompany you on your journey to undiscovered places. Feel that urge to get away? Take the plunge. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Venus in an emotional and intimate zone can help spice up your love life. And her link with energising Uranus may put a different slant on things, perhapsby inspiring you to get fit. Doing so might impact business affairs and money in general, as you will feel better in yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Someone may have a romantic twinkle in their eye for you or perhapsyou for them. A sparkling aspect could see you and another getting along well and finding much to talk about. Will this be a one-off chat or might it lead to something that lasts? The ball is in your court. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Juggling your relationship commitments could keep you busy but you’ll also realise how much you enjoy interacting with others. Try to make time for linking up in real life too, as between this and social media, you will make some wonderful new friends and discover new opportunities. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You may be surprised or even shocked by what happens over the next dayor so but don’t stand there awestruck, otherwise you will miss out on a golden opportunity. If you’re willing to liaise with someone, your chances of makinga success of this will be even better. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Which tarot card represents your star sign – and what does it reveal about you? MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for May 2021 MORE : What’s your birthstone and how can you use it?