Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace has announced she has suffered a fifth miscarriage. The former Big Brother star, who said she conceived the child with her partner, took to social media to share the news. She tweeted: ‘This weekend we lost our baby. We are broken. I am totally torn apart. Again and again and again. When will this stop… Everyone knows I’ve been through this before. ‘But never have I ever been so excited and happy and ready for a baby as I was this time. And him too. ‘It hurts every time. But this time. Even more. Is that OK? Do u understand?’ The 43-year-old continued: ‘When a mother loses child we all rally around her, and sometimes he, the father is lost in the mayhem. ‘He loved baby. He dream to meet, hold, protect, provide… (sic) he slept on and kissed my belly every night. He’s broken. Not.Just.Me.’ Referring to her previous heartbreaking losses, she also said: ‘Again and again and again and again. I just wanna be with my babies.’ The message was posted alongside an image which said: ‘I may have only held you in my womb for a moment but I will hold you in my heart forever.’ The former reality TV star also shared the image on Instagram. Fans and her famous pals were quick to give messages of support. Danielle Mason commented: ‘Sorry to hear this hope u r ok ash,” while Chloe Khan added: ‘Sending love beautiful . So sorry to read.’ Gemma Atkinson wrote: ‘I’m so sorry for you both.’ Aisleyne recently opened up about her fears of never being able to have children. ‘I’m really starting to panic that it’s just not going to happen for me,’ she told The Sun in June. ‘I just have to hope and pray that I’ve not left it too late to have my miracle baby.’ Along with her fertility issues, in April she said she was rushed to hospital for emergency scans after crashing a go-kart and landing on her head. She wrote on Instagram: ‘I had to have an emergency full body CT scan & now I am absolutely freaking out about the radiation & it causing cancer….’ Her representative later told MailOnline: ‘Aisleyne is home and recovering well. She is making steady progress and being monitored closely by her family and loved ones.’ The troubles seem never ending for Aisleyne who told fans she was hospitalised for the third time in March after battling pneumonia. Updating her followers via Instagram Stories, she wrote: ‘I have mild pneumonia… not cool, I’ve been suffering with my health a lot lately, another reason I really want to get my physical health back up to scratch… ‘The past 36 hours have been a blur … so tired of getting ill but nothing will defeat me. I will bounce back stronger, that’s a fact.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Margot Robbie throws support behind Davide Sanclimenti and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu ahead of Love Island 2022 final: ‘They’ve made the season’ MORE : Dame Deborah James’ mum pays emotional tribute to late cancer campaigner who she’ll ‘miss forever’ a month after her death aged 40 