Heavy rain and thunderstorms could provide much-needed rain in some parts of the UK following a record dry July – but don’t expect temperatures to dip much. Showers moving in from the Atlantic fell on some parched lawns in the south and east yesterday. Now, forecasters expect ‘tropical conditions’ to prevail until Wednesday – with the high 20s expected, along with cloudbursts and occasional thunder. It comes after thermometers reached 40°C in the UK for the first time ever in July, with wildfires destroying houses across the country. Asked what weather Brits face this week, Met Office forecast Greg Dewhurst replied: ‘A changeable picture will emerge over the coming days with it being on the warm and humid side.’ He said Monday would start ‘sunny and dry before turning wet and windy in north-eastern and western parts of the UK’. Temperatures in London and the south-east could rise as high as 29C tomorrow, before turning sunnier, yet cooler, from the middle of the week. ‘There’s going to be a very muggy feel, more so at night, so expect an uncomfortable time sleeping, with temperatures in the late teens’, Mr Dewhurst said. He added that an area of tropical ­maritime air moving in from the ­south-west will hang over the UK over the ­coming days. The rainfall – likely to be around 1.5in today and tomorrow in northern, central and western areas – may allay fears of drought for now. But the Met Office said much of southern England is likely to remain dry for at least the next two weeks. A warning has been issued that a drought could still be declared this month. It emerged last Wednesday that England had seen its driest July since 1911, with only 24% of the rain that would normally be expected. With more mainly dry days having followed since then, the month could emerge as the driest since records began in the 19th century. Final figures will be confirmed later today. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.