Jodie Comer has shut down rumours she’ll be starring in the upcoming Wagatha Christie TV drama as Coleen Rooney. The highly publicised trial began after Coleen, wife of former Manchester United footballer Wayne Rooney, accused her fellow WAG Rebekah Vardy of leaking ‘false stories’ about her private life to the press. On Friday July 29, the 36-year-old TV personality won her libel trial against Rebekah which was dubbed Wagatha Christie. After reports claimed Coleen signed a documentary deal with Netflix, it’s been confirmed that a two-part project is underway at production company Chalkboard, with bosses reportedly eyeing Killing Eve’s Jodie to play Coleen and The Crown star Emerald starring as Rebekah. ‘Jodie and Emerald have the gravity to pull off performances as two strong women locking horns in court,’ a source said. ‘This is a race to deliver a serious depiction of the chain of events that saw the Wagatha case end up in court,’ the insider added to The Sun. However, according to Mail Online Jodie has denied the claims. Reacting to the verdict, Rebekah said she was ‘extremely sad and disappointed at the decision that the judge has reached’. ‘It is not the result that I had expected, nor believe was just,’ she continued. ‘I brought this action to vindicate my reputation and am devastated by the judge’s finding. ‘The judge accepted that publication of Coleen’s post was not in the “public interest” and she also rejected her claim that I was the “Secret Wag”. ‘But as for the rest of her judgment, she got it wrong and this is something I cannot accept.’ In a separate statement, Rebekah issued a plea to those who have subjected her to abuse to stop, and indicated she does not intend to take matters further against the ruling, saying ‘the case is over’. Over the weekend, Coleen made her first public appearance following her victory after being spotted at Manchester’s Old Trafford to watch the pre-season friendly match between Manchester United v Rayo Vallecano. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Jodie Comer and Emerald Fennell’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Coleen Rooney in great spirits watching Manchester United friendly in first appearance since winning Rebekah Vardy trial MORE : Nicola McLean shuts down speculation Rebekah Vardy is broke after Wagatha Christie trial amid tell-all documentary claims 