Orlando Bloom showed off his abs on set of his upcoming comedy film Wizards! in Australia on Monday, filming alongside Pete Davidson. The 45-year-old actor sported an open waistcoat as he laughed with his co-stars, including comedian and Kim Kardashian’s boyfriend, Pete, in between filming. The British father-of-two, who was shooting scenes on a local beach in Cairns, Queensland, also wore a pair of loose trousers as he went barefoot, as well as fake dreadlocks – reminiscent of his Pirates Of The Caribbean co-star Johnny Depp’s iconic character from the movie, Captain Jack Sparrow. Meanwhile, Pete, 28, who puffed on a cigarette, sported a stained pale yellow T-shirt with a print. The former Saturday Night Live star, who, is evidently making a leap into more Hollywood films after departing Saturday Night Live, also wore a pair of stained faded shorts for his role, as he appeared deep in conversation with Orlando. The pair were joined by English actress Naomi Scott, 29, who at one point joined Orlando for a chat as they waited for filming to commence on an old boat. According to Deadline, the film is centred around two hapless pothead beach-bar operators, played by Pete and Franz Rogowski, who get into trouble when they come across stolen money they should’ve left alone. Brad Pitt’s production company, Plan B, is behind the movie. Last month, Pete’s reality TV star girlfriend Kim, 41, flew to Australia to spend time with him while he had a break from filming. The pair stayed at the  exclusive Sheraton Mirage in Port Douglas, located almost an hour away from Cairns, during the mother-of-four’s stay. Orlando, who isn’t shy about showing off his physique and previously hit headlines after famously stripping fully naked on a beach holiday with now-fiancee Katy Perry in 2016, has been lapping up his time Down Under. The star has been enjoying days away from the set to embark on Aussie excursions with pop star Katy, 37, and their one-year-old daughter Daisy Dove. The Lord of the Rings star has also been hard at work toning his physique, after he was left with a broken back at the age of 19. The actor, who also shares son Flynn, 11, with ex-wife, Aussie model Miranda Kerr, previously revealed he was told by doctors that he would ‘never walk again,’ but he’s certainly proven that theory wrong. Recently taking to Instagram to celebrate the progress he’s made, he posted a series of sweaty videos of himself working out, lifting weights and doing press-ups. It would be an understatement to say he looked buff, with his toned abs and impressive biceps on full display as he exercised shirtless. Most recently, Katy was forced to deny rumours that she married Orlando in secret, three years after he popped the question. Orlando got down on one knee in 2019, with the couple announcing their engagement soon after but having to delay their special day due to the pandemic. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Madonna ever the Material Girl as she rocks lacy dress and leather gloves to Michael Jackson Broadway show MORE : Jennifer Aniston and Courteney Cox pay sweet tribute to Friends co-star Lisa Kudrow on her birthday 