Geri Horner appears to be backing Liz Truss in the leadership contest after reportedly giving the candidate warm words of support. The Spice Girls singer is already facing backlash after photos were shared of her hugging Tory minister Nadine Dorries at the Lionesses’ historic match last night, which saw the women’s England football team bring home the trophy in the Euro 2022 final against Germany. Many of Geri’s fans quickly expressed their disappointment that the Wannabe singer would align herself with the Conservative Party. However, Ms Dorries wasn’t the only Tory MP that Geri was seen mingling with as a photo has also emerged of the popstar hugging Ms Truss while posing for a photo at Wembley Stadium. Ms Truss, who is Foreign Secretary, is currently going up against former Chancellor Rishi Sunak in the battle for Prime Minister after Boris Johnson resigned last month. Not only was Geri happy to pose for a photo with the candidate, but Ms Truss has also revealed the encouraging words she received from the pop icon. ‘She said “go for it”, she was very positive,’ the minister told Mail Plus. It comes after Ms Dorries shared the photos of her and Geri giving each other a tight squeeze in the stands, with the caption: ‘Girl power radiating from Wembley tonight.’ The post didn’t go down well with some of Geri’s fans, with one tweeting: ‘Geri has reached peak Tory. V upsetting,’ while another commented: ‘Finding out ginger Geri Halliwell Spice is a massive Tory , has ruined my day.’ Another Twitter user weighed in: ‘Geri Halliwell actively embracing a woman who voted against gay marriage, who was only recently demonising the trans community, is 100% not shocking. Geraldine, delete your poorly sung song about George, he’d want nothing to do with you or your bigoted mates.’ Others who were left wholly unimpressed by the new friendship referred to an old tweet of Geri’s, in which she described late former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher as ‘our 1st Lady of girl power’ following her death in 2013. Geri deleted the Thatcher tweet and apologised for causing any offence – but then doubled down her original comments. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Geri Horner posing with Nadine Dorries at Euro 2022 final doesn’t land well with fans MORE : Margot Robbie throws support behind Davide Sanclimenti and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu ahead of Love Island 2022 final: ‘They’ve made the season’ 