Beyonce has been praised by Scope for removing an ableist slur from her new song, Heated. The 40-year-old sent fans into a spin last week after finally releasing new album, Renaissance, on Friday, with millions around the world listening. However, some were left disappointed after the Break My Soul singer included an offensive term in the lyrics, which has previously been used to discuss disabled people. After her rep confirmed that the song would be changed from the current lyrics, ‘Sp**zin’ on that ass, s**z on that ass. Fan me quick, girl, I need my glass,’ the UK disability equality charity shared their official response to the backlash. ‘It’s good Beyonce has acted so swiftly after disabled people yet again called out this thoughtless lyric,’ media manager Warren Kirwan said in a statement. ‘There’s a feeling of deja vu as it’s just a few weeks since Lizzo also had to re-release a song after featuring the same offensive language. ‘We hope this is the last time we see this kind of thing from anyone, let alone musicians with massive global influence. ‘Too often offensive language used to refer to disabled people is seen as “harmless”. But many of the UK’s 14 million disabled people encounter negative attitudes every day. ‘Everyone has a role to play by speaking out when they hear offensive language being used to refer to disabled people.’ Warren previously described Beyonce’s use of the term – which can mean to ‘go crazy’ or to fight in the US – on her new album as ‘appalling’, urging her to reconsider. The Grammy-winner’s rep later told Insider: ‘The word, not used intentionally in a harmful way, will be replaced.’ The backlash comes shortly after Lizzo was also forced to apologize for her use of the same slur in her song, GRRRLS – with the musician later releasing an updated version of the track without the term. ‘It’s been brought to my attention that there is a harmful word in my new song GRRRLS,’ she told fans of the controversy. ‘Let me make one thing clear: I never want to promote derogatory language.’ ‘As a fat Black woman in America, I’ve had many hurtful words used against me so I overstand the power words can have (whether intentionally or in my case, unintentionally). ‘I’m proud to say there’s a new version of GRRRLS with a lyric change. This is the result of me listening and taking action. ‘As an influential artist I’m dedicated to being part of the change I’ve been waiting to see in the world.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sex Education’s Rakhee Thakrar confirms exit ahead of season 4 after three more stars quit MORE : Love Island’s Luke Trotman ‘engaged’ to Chelsea Menna after short romance – months after split from Siannise Fudge 