Reality star Jessica Alves has revealed her latest face lift after 90 surgeries costing more than £900,000. The Brazilian TV personality, who previously appeared on Celebrity Big Brother, has been nicknamed ‘the Human Barbie’, and came out as transgender in January 2020. She underwent gender reassignment surgery last year, and in that time, has had more surgeries. Appearing on This Morning, Jessica was seen with painful-looking red bruises under her eyes, after her most recent surgery which involved a face lift in Azerbaijan, so that she could get ‘Bella Hadid eyes’. Before appearing on the ITV daytime show, Jessica confessed feeling to MailOnline feeling ‘nervous’ because of her scars, and wearing lots of makeup so they wouldn’t be shown on camera. She reportedly added that because of the scars and bruising, she had cancelled a party over the weekend. On Instagram before appearing on the live show, Jessica shared a short clip of her in front of a mirror before getting her makeup done, where the bruises could be seen under her eyes. Speaking to This Morning presenters Vernon Kay and Rochelle Humes, she explained that this look was her ‘end goal’, despite admitting that it wasn’t ‘the most natural’. Jessica explained: ‘After so many surgeries I have achieved this appearance. I admit it is not the most natural look. ‘But this is the final look, this was the end goal, it has been a very long journey and I couldn’t be any happier. ‘I feel 95% happy. When I look in the mirror I thank God for my surgeons, for my family, for the doctors. ‘I had a face lift upwards. Instead of making cuts the surgeon tightened the muscles to lift my cheeks and forehead. It is to give me the Bella eyes. ‘I don’t do it to look younger I do it to freeze the years.’ While Jessica admitted she had reached the ‘end goal’, she confirmed that there’s still something left she wants to change. ‘All I need now is a surgeon to fix my botched nose. I want to fix my nose then I will be 100% happy,’ she said. Jessica had shown her Instagram followers images of her facelift after she had it done in Baku, Azerbaijan last week, later revealing to MailOnline: ‘I am very strong and determined and I do whatever it takes to make me happy. There is no better feeling to me than getting up in the morning and looking at the mirror, and seeing this woman that I became with the help of forward thinking and innovative surgeons around the world.’ She added to the publication that she had been waiting some time to fly there for the surgery, with the pandemic halting her plans: ‘I have being on a waiting list to have the endoscopy facelift for over a year and now, a week just before my birthday, I was able to have the procedure done. ‘With two small incisions on my hairline my forehead was lifted, my eyebrows and mid face have also changed. The position of my eyes have been altered, making like like I have Bella Hadid’s eyes. I am very happy with the procedure along side body contouring lipo bodytite,’ Jessica added. Elsewhere on This Morning, Jessica opened up about her Big Brother stint in 2018, revealing that she had been secretly taking hormones while on the show, as she started her transition. She revealed: ‘In 2018 I was on the show and I was becoming desperate and anxious and I begged the producers to send me some wigs and dresses and I was taking female hormones but nobody knew it.’ This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nadine Dorries snaps at Good Morning Britain’s Ranvir Singh and Ben Shephard after being grilled about leadership contest: ‘Shall we focus on the positives?’ MORE : Kate Garraway forced to extend Good Morning Britain break for second week after husband Derek Draper hospitalised 