All good things must come to an end, and tonight we will finally have our Love Island winners! After 57 episodes, 36 contestants, and more Ekinde drama than we could have ever seen coming, there have been plenty of tears, epic one-liners and explosive rows…. but how much of it do you remember? Can you name all the islanders, or remember who was originally coupled up with whom? There’s only one way to find out by taking or Ultimate Love Island quiz! Scroll down for answers… 1) Who was the first islander to leave the villa? 2) What series was Adam Collard originally in the villa? 3) What does elephant juice mean? 4) Who was Gemma Owen coupled up with at the very start of the series? 5) Which Casa Amor bombshell revealed her antics with Jacques O’Neill to Paige Thorne? 6) Who has a celebrity TV chef as a parent? 7) What did Davide Sanclimenti perform for the talent show? 8) How old is Davide? 9) What was Ekin-Su Culculoglu’s job before she entered the villa? 10) Who said: ‘May the best heartbreaker win?’ 11) Which Casa Amor bombshell did Andrew Le Page ‘lick her t*t or whatever’? 12) Who is the youngest islander? 13) Who did Paige dress up as during the heart rate challenge? 14) Who did Danica Taylor leave the villa with? 15) Luca has a tattoo of who on his arm? 16) Where is the Love Island villa? 17) What did Andrew and Tasha Ghouri name their baby? 18) Who did Ekin-Su get ‘hot under the covers with’ in Casa Amor? 19) Which Casa Amor bombshell is Ronan Keating’s son? 20) Who did Ekin-Su crawl onto the terrace with for a secret snog? 21) Who said the broken eagle is their favourite sex position? 22) Which fruit did Davide specify had to be used during Nathalia Campos and Ekin-Su’s heated pancake challenge? 23) Who did Lacey Edwards pick for a date? 24) What is Luca Bish’s job? 25) Who did Gemma and Luca name their baby after? 26) Who performed on Ekin-Su and Davide’s final date? 27) What caused the fight between Luca and Gemma, which lead to him walking out the villa and taking off his mic? 28) Davide said Ekin-Su was ‘as fake as [X] from China’ – what’s missing? 29) Who said: ‘Well, she isn’t in the fu**ing fridge, is she?’ 30) Who is this? 31) Who were the first couple in the hideaway this series? 32) During movie night, Luca saw who flirting with Gemma? 33) Which Casa Amor bombshell did Dami couple up with? 34) Which Love Island star is Kylian Mbappé’s official body double? 35) What did Indiyah throw into the pool? 36) Which boy shared a three-way kiss in Casa Amor? 37) Who did Deji Adeniyi leave the villa with? 38) Who did Jay Younger couple up with after Casa Amor? 39) Who is Gemma’s dad? 40) Who did Tasha share a bed with in Casa Amor?  