Greg James hasn’t held back from revealing exactly who he was rooting for to win Love Island 2022, admitting he’s relieved that Gemma Owen and Luca Bish missed out on the £50,000 prize. During tonight’s romance-filled finale, Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti were crowned the winners of the series, leaving Ekin-Su speechless and Davide grinning from ear to ear. Earlier on the night, Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Page were first announced as ending in fourth place, before Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope finished in third. Before the winners were revealed, a compilation of messages were shared from celebrity fans, which included Love Island USA host Sarah Hyland, comedian Alan Carr, Black Eyed Peas star will.i.am and radio presenter Greg, who proved himself a true ‘Ekinde’ fan. Half an hour before the winners were revealed, Greg tweeted: ‘Luca thinks he’s gonna win doesn’t he.’ However, once it emerged that wasn’t the case, with Ekin-Su and Davide taking the title, the BBC Radio 1 DJ then added: ‘Phew.’ Over on Twitter, Greg shared a clip of the ‘first attempt’ at his video message, which he joked ‘was rejected’ after he mocked Andrew’s ‘t*tgate’. ‘I’m so excited for the Love Island final I can lick my own t*t… or whatever,’ he said, before continuing by saying: ‘Good luck to the finalists, particularly Davide and Ekin-Su. If you don’t want them to win, YOU’RE A LIAR.’ Other celebrities were similarly overjoyed by Ekin-Su and Davide’s win, including comedian Rosie Jones, who tweeted: ‘Ekin-Su and Davide winning Love Island is the first time I’ve agreed with a public vote done by this nation in over a decade.’ Meanwhile, former Love Island winner Amber Gill tweeted: ‘MOM & DAD!!!’ with a row of trophy emoji. While many fans are over the moon by the result, several were left fuming by the last-minute twist revealed by host Laura Whitmore, that the £50,000 prize wouldn’t be up for a steal. Despite the fact that no winning couple has ever had one of them steal the money, viewers couldn’t believe the option had been taken away. ‘Not even asking them to split or steal the money?? I’ve wasted 8 weeks of my life,’ one fan wrote. ‘They’re not even doing split or steal?! Shut it down. It’s over,’ another put angrily. Love Island is available to watch on ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Michael Owen makes rare statement on Love Island 2022 to share ‘pride’ in daughter Gemma Owen after she places runner-up with Luca Bish MORE : Ekin-Su Culculoglu breaks down in tears as she and Davide Sanclimenti are crowned Love Island 2022 winners and scoop £50,000 prize money: ‘It’s so surreal’ 