Love Island 2021 winner Millie Court admitted she was very ‘emotional’ to watch Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti crowned, just weeks after announcing her split from Liam Reardon. Millie and Liam were voted as last year’s winners by the public, beating runners-up Chloe Burrows and Toby Aromolaran. However, Essex-born Millie, 25, recently confirmed her split from Liam, 22, after just under a year, with the star urging fans ‘not to blame’ her ex for the break-up. But she was still on hand to help celebrate the finale of this year’s series, as she jetted off to Majorca over the weekend to go back to where it all began. After being involved in last night’s extravaganza, she admitted she was ‘emotional’ to mark the occasion, calling Ekin-Su and Davide ‘well-deserved winners’. Moments after Laura Whitmore announced the result, she commented on Instagram: ‘Congrats to the gorgeous couple! ‘My absolute pleasure to virtually hand over the crown to the well-deserved winners. Love Island 2022 over and out!’ In another Instagram story, she told fans: ‘Guys this is actually making me feel super emotional watching this. That last day was such a huge rollercoaster of emotions. ‘You’re so excited to leave and get back home to your loved ones and experience all the new things together as a couple, but you’re also so sad that the amazing journey has come to an end.’ Millie confirmed the news of the break-up on her Instagram Stories, earlier this summer, where she admitted it had been a ‘tough decision’ to make. ‘Hi everyone, to avoid any speculation Liam and I wanted to share with you that we have separated,’ she penned. ‘It’s been a tough decision and I am gutted but it’s ultimately what is best for us right now. ‘Thank you to every single one of you for supporting our relationship.’ Last night’s series finale saw Ekin-Su and Davide crowned winners ahead of runners-up Gemma Owen and Luca Bish. Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope finished in third place, while Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Page, who were the only couple left to have been paired since the beginning, came fourth. Love Island can be streamed in full on ITV2 Hub now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Greg James relieved Gemma Owen and Luca Bish didn’t win Love Island 2022: ‘Phew’ MORE : Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope insist ‘nothing can stop our connection’ as couple finish third place on Love Island 2022 