The price of oil has reached a 14-year high – a jump that is likely to make everyday life even more expensive than it already is. Brent crude – which is the most commonly used way of measuring the UK’s oil price – briefly touched $139 earlier today, which is its highest price since 2008. It later settled back down to around $10 off its peak, but still remains at a 14-year high. Oil prices have spiralled in recent weeks due to concerns over the reliability of supplies amid the war in Ukraine. The most recent spike is likely to put a further squeeze on household budgets and has already led to drivers being hit in the pocket by record-high fuel prices. Average petrol prices topped 155p per litre for the first time yesterday, with diesel slightly ahead at 161p per litre. The price increases are another step up from new record highs earlier this month which at the time were described as ‘another unfortunate landmark’ in the ‘unrelenting rising price of fuel’. The most recent hike in prices means the cost of filling up a typical 55-litre family car with either fuel has become at least £17 more expensive over the past 12 months. In the face of spiralling prices, there have been calls for the Government to cut the VAT on petrol and diesel, which currently stands at 20%. RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams said: ‘The average price of petrol across the UK has jumped by more than 4p in a week topping £1.55 for the first time ever, which means a gallon costs over £7 – something which many older drivers will be struggling to comprehend. ‘Diesel, however, has increased by 6.5p a litre to £1.61 or £7.30 a gallon. ‘These hikes are unprecedented and will sadly be hitting both homes and businesses hard. ‘It’s therefore vital the Chancellor acts quickly to limit the damage by cutting VAT to at least 15% which would save drivers 6.5p a litre and take the average price of unleaded back under £1.50. ‘Importantly, this could also limit the impact of inevitable fuel price rises in the coming days and weeks.’ AA spokesperson Luke Bosdet said: ‘A year ago, with pump prices rising steadily after the pandemic slump, 125p a litre was bad news but 155p was unimaginable.’ He described the average petrol price rising above £7 a gallon as a ‘watershed moment’ which means ‘it’s time to ditch petrol and diesel, and switch to electric’ for drivers who can make the transition. The rising oil prices come as the US and Europe have discussed banning imports of Russian crude oil. Over the weekend, US secretary of state Antony Blinken said Washington is in ‘very active discussions’ with countries in Europe over banning imports of Russian oil. The move could seriously damage the Russian economy and is a direct result of Russian president Vladimir Putin’s decision to invade Ukraine. The war has led to hundreds of civilian casualties and has been widely condemned by world leaders, especially those in Europe. So far, both Europe and the US have resisted imposing a ban on Russian oil, but the heavy sanctions they have put on the country mean many companies are shying away from buying anything from Russia. This has led to a widespread boycott – but a total ban would dry up supplies further. Although Europe relies on Russia for its natural gas a lot more than oil, the country is still the biggest single exporter of oil to the EU. According to data from Eurostat, around a quarter of the bloc’s oil imports and around 46% of its gas came from Russia in the first part of last year. The UK is less reliant on Russia for both but prices here largely mirror those in Europe. Sanctions have so far not hit these vital supplies which prop up the economies of both sides. Natural gas is much less likely to get sanctioned, as it would seriously hurt Europe to go cold turkey on Russian gas imports. Meanwhile, Russia relies on these exports to fund large parts of its economy. Despite that, leaders on the continent are seriously considering the prospect that the taps might be cut off, either by the Europeans or by the Russians. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.