Dizzee Rascal could be facing further legal issues after he was filmed smashing a photographer’s camera outside court yesterday. The Bonkers rapper – real name Dylan Mills – was found guilty of assaulting his ex-fiancee Cassandra Jones at a residential property in June 2021. As he left Wimbledon Magistrates’ Court on Monday, Mills was filmed confronting a photographer, grabbing his camera and throwing it into the road causing it to smash. According to PA, their cameraman, James Manning, has now filed a report with the Metropolitan Police regarding the incident and also intends to pursue a civil claim. A Met spokesperson told Metro.co.uk in a statement: ‘We are aware of a video that has been shared online showing an incident outside Wimbledon Magistrates’ Court on the afternoon of Monday, March 7. ‘In the video, a camera is knocked from the hands of a photojournalist and is then thrown across the road. ‘Should the photojournalist wish to contact us, if they have not done so already, we will be able to provide the appropriate assistance.’ During the court hearing, Mills was found guilty of attacking Cassandra Jones by pressing his forehead against hers and pushing her to the ground during a ‘chaotic’ row at a house in Streatham, south London, on June 8 last year. Mills, 37, had denied the allegations against him. Jones, who shares two children with the rapper, spoke out following the verdict and said: ‘The verdict has brought me no joy, but it does help me to look back on what I experienced and have it recognised by the courts as assault. ‘Dylan and I were together for a long time, and I loved him very much. He is the father of our two children.’ She continued: ‘I have been receiving support from specialist domestic abuse services since last year, and that has helped me process my experiences and move forward. ‘None of this has been easy. I understand why so many women drop out of the criminal justice system; this has been really traumatic for me. But I am lucky enough to have had support from the police, my family and friends, and specialist organisations. ‘This verdict shows that wealth and status cannot be used to silence women. One in four women in England and Wales will experience domestic abuse at some point in their lifetime. I now ask for privacy to rebuild and reset. ‘I hope I can now move on with my life.’ She urged any other affected by domestic violence to contact the national domestic abuse helpline on 0808 2000 247. Mills, who split from Jones in February 2021, was said to have ‘barged’ into the home, banged his head on a fridge three times while holding his son and began ‘screaming and shouting’ at Jones and her mother Dawn Kirk. A judge was told how when police arrived, Mills said: ‘I’m the aggressor’, but later gave a prepared statement in a police interview, denying the allegations and claiming he had been assaulted by Jones. Mills will be sentenced at Croydon Magistrates’ Court on April 8. The grime artist rose to prominence in 2003 with his pioneering debut album Boy In Da Corner, and went on to release a string of chart hits such as Bonkers, Dance Wiv Me, Fix Up, Look Sharp, and Holiday. Metro.co.uk has reached out to the Met Police and Dizzee Rascals rep for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ed Sheeran serenades High Court with Nina Simone and Blackstreet songs in attempt to prove Shape of You wasn’t copied MORE : Susanna Reid opens up about horrific recurring nightmares she suffered while covering news during pandemic 