On Mother’s Day 2016, I didn’t wake up with the same urgency as I had in previous years. There was no need to scour the garden for spring flowers to arrange in a vase. I wasn’t coordinating an elaborate breakfast with my sister while my dad kept my mum out of the room, until we were ready to invite her to her specially laid place at the kitchen table. I no longer had a purpose on Mother’s Day, because I no longer had a mother. This was a reality I had been processing for the last seven months after my mum died of cancer in August 2015, when I was 17 years old. Despite the long nature of her illness, which lasted years and saw her live for weeks even after doctors had diagnosed her condition as terminal, my reaction was mostly shock that she was truly gone. I began my final year of school, looked after many of the household tasks she used to take care of, and desperately tried to prove to those around me that I was coping. I knew the first Mother’s Day after my mum had died would be challenging; I’d planned an afternoon out with a family friend specifically to keep myself distracted. But when I mindlessly opened my phone that Sunday morning, I had not banked on being confronted with a torrent of Instagram and Facebook posts in which my friends expressed their love and gratitude for their mums. Each image and gushing caption hammered the reality I’d been trying so desperately to avoid – that my mum was really dead – deeper into the pit of my stomach. Retro film photos of parents cuddling toddlers in mismatched 90s clothes; beaming pictures of mums and daughters celebrating birthdays or graduations; effusive captions with ‘best mum ever’ and ‘thank you for everything’. I have now come to associate these three elements, and the cocktail of jealousy, pain and longing that they can cause, with Sundays in late March for the past few years. Alongside the torture of spending a Mother’s Day without anyone to celebrate, comparing your situation to others on social media makes the day so much harder to endure. After the shock of that first Mother’s Day, I have attempted to prepare for this social media onslaught every time the date has rolled around since. You’d think the simplest solution would be just to log out of the apps. But similarly to how impossible it is not to stalk the girl who commented on your ex’s latest Instagram post, looking away from triggering online content when you know you should stop torturing yourself is not as easy as it sounds. Facebook did research into Mother’s Day content on its platform and revealed that: ‘Across the world, Mother’s Day 2017 drove more posts in a single day than any other topic on Facebook in that year.’ This statistic clearly demonstrates the link between this celebratory day and the instinct many people have to share their love for their mum on social media – and highlights just how overwhelming the flood of Mother’s Day content can be. It’s not only those whose mums have died – people who are estranged from their mums; who are struggling to conceive; who have had miscarriages or lost a child will also find Mother’s Day insurmountably difficult. The numerous iterations of mother-related grief is even more reason why a cheery, flower-filled one-size fits all Mother’s Day does not apply to everyone. There is a sense of competitiveness surrounding the day, in which phrases such as ‘best mum ever’ are bandied around – it almost feels as though proclaiming your love for your mum through flowers and a card is no longer enough without the social media caption to match. Despite my criticism, I understand the instinct to post something – social media has taught us that if we don’t share the nuances of our lives and emotions with our followers, then we don’t care about the person whose day we are celebrating. But I often wish we could go back to a time when love was expressed behind closed doors instead of demonstrated through likes on your Instagram grid. Similarly, as a bereaved person, I often feel as though people will think I don’t miss my mum if I don’t partake in a social media tribute on Mother’s Day. I know a girl whose mum died at a similar time to mine, and every year she shares photos alongside a moving caption, in which she expresses the realities of her grief, and reminds those who are celebrating Mother’s Day to hug their mum even tighter. I empathise deeply with her message; it’s one of the few Mother’s Day captions that makes me feel seen and understood. But I never share a similar post explaining how I feel. Over the years, my grief has twisted further inside me, always easier to deal with away from the pitied reaction I’ve come to expect from others. I cannot face rolling it out in a demonstrative way on the one day of the year when it may make sense to speak about. It takes a lot to tell those close to me I’m hurting; sharing my pain on social media would make me feel raw and vulnerable in a way I know I couldn’t handle. I don’t mean to be bitter about Mother’s Day. If my mum was alive, I might well celebrate her on social media without a second thought. But if you are currently editing together a collection of adorable childhood photos with smiling graduation pictures while drafting a caption complete with flower and love heart emojis, I implore you to take a second to add in one sentence acknowledging your luck that you have an opportunity to celebrate Mother’s Day at all. Recognising the nuance of the day – that it is not always a happy occasion – would go a long way in helping bereaved people survive it. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : How to cope if Mother’s Day is triggering for you MORE : Parenting with Long Covid: ‘I can’t be the mother I want to be for my little boy’ MORE : When is Mother’s Day and why is the date different in the UK and US?