Boris Johnson has not yet been fined over the Downing Street party scandal, his spokesperson confirmed. Police will hand out 20 fines to people who attended lockdown-busting parties in Downing Street and Whitehall, Scotland Yard said today. Detectives have been investigating 12 gatherings during the pandemic, including as many as six events the prime minister is said to have attended. However he is not among those included in the first wave of fines, which is understood to contain the most straight-forward cases. The PM’s official spokesman said: ‘We’ve said we’ll update if that were to occur, but our position has not changed.’ The Metropolitan Police said earlier that a batch of 20 fixed penalty notices (FPNS) had been sent to the Criminal Records Office so that it could forward them to the guilty offenders. Senior officers also made clear that more fines could follow because there was still a ‘significant amount’ of evidence to be analsyed about potential law breaking at the string of events in No 10 and other government buildings during lockdown. The identities of those issued with fines will not be disclosed by Scotland Yard, who say this is in line with national policy. However, Downing Street has said it will confirm if Mr Johnson is eventually handed an FPN. The PM was one of dozens of people issued with a police questionnaire to account for his actions following multiple reports of rule-breaking parties. He has always denied breaking lockdown regulations and took advice from his personal lawyer on how to respond. Downing Street has refused to be drawn on whether Boris Johnson would resign if he was eventually issued with a fine. The official spokesman said: ‘That is hypothetical situation.’ The spokesman also declined to say whether individuals who were fined could carry on working in No 10. ‘There are specific HR processes in place for individuals. I am not going get into what those entail in detail.’ Senior MPs have insisted that the PM should not have to stand down if he is fined, pleading with backbenchers not to engage in a new Tory civil war over his future amid the war in Ukraine and the cost-of-living crisis. Former Tory leader Iain Duncan Smith told Talk Radio: ‘All these things require big leadership and Boris Johnson has in these areas stepped up and we need to make sure that we don’t disappear into ourselves and start arguing about this.’ But Labour’s deputy leader Angela Rayner said Mr Johnson should resign if he is fined. ‘It is disgraceful that while the rest of the country followed their rules, Boris Johnson’s government acted like they didn’t apply to them,’ she told Sky News. ‘The buck stops with the Prime Minister, who spent months lying to the public, which is why he’s got to go.’ Labour has also accused the PM of lying to MPs in the House of Commons over the partygate scandal. Mr Johnson previously told the Commons that ‘all guidance was followed’ in No10 when asked about Covid rule breaking. Shadow health secretary Wes Streeting said the Met announcement about people being fined over Partygate shows that Mr Johnson is a ‘proven liar’. Downing Street has denied that Mr Johnson misled the House of Commons. ‘At all times he has set out his understanding of events,’ the official spokesman said. Asked if Mr Johnson would apologise now police had concluded the law had been broken, the spokesman said he would have more to say when the investigation was concluded. ‘The Prime Minister has apologised to the House already,’ the spokesman said. ‘He has said sorry for the things that we did not get right. He has said sorry for the ways things have been handled and that mistakes have been made. ‘You can expect to hear more from the Prime Minister when the investigation is concluded and Sue Gray has set out her report.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.