Manchester United legend Rio Ferdinand says the club needs a root and branch transformation before it can return to former glories, and the problems will not simply be solved in the transfer market. The Red Devils crashed out of the Champions League on Tuesday night after a 1-0  home defeat to Atletico Madrid. The defeat means United will end the season without silverware for a fifth consecutive campaign and they only have a top-four spot to battle for in the Premier League. The club must appoint a new long-term manager for next season, while there’s huge question marks over the playing squad with the likes of Paul Pogba, Juan Mata, Edinson Cavani and Jesse Lingard set to leave on free transfers. With so much uncertainty at the club, United are likely years away from a title challenge and the next manager has a wealth of issues to deal with. United need to sign a centre-back, a central midfielder and a striker this summer but Ferdinand says transfers will not solve the club’s problems and that even recruiting Mbappe and Haaland would not bring the title to Old Trafford. ‘People say about how long its going to take [before Man United become a top club again], but it’s hard to put a number on it,’ Ferdinand told BT Sport. ‘I think once you get the manager, get the right person in place, you are talking minimum, two or three years before you can think about challenging [for major honours]. ‘Liverpool and Man City [are right at the top], its a high bar now, consistency in which they play at the moment, the numbers they are getting… it could be two, three, four years, it could be that long before they are challenging,” the ex-midfielder reiterated. ‘We haven’t had that for eight years, ten years, since Sir Alex Ferguson left and there’s no sign getting close to that, it feels we’re going in the opposite direction. ‘What it does show you, it doesn’t matter what players you get together, what collection, what talent you get together, you need someone to harness that. You need a manager to pull all that together. ‘If you bring in [Kylian] Mbappe and [Erling] Haaland this summer, [Man] United are still not winning the league. ‘It doesn’t matter who you bring in, it needs to be from the top down.’ MORE : Anthony Martial reveals what Manchester United players really think about Cristiano Ronaldo For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 