Gordon Ramsay is catching heat in the kitchen after he said he ‘can’t stand Cornish’ people. There’s no love lost between the TV chef and the locals of Cornwall, after he caused upset by travelling to his second home in the seaside county when the country was in lockdown in 2020. Well, he’s reignited the bitter feud after criticising residents during his appearance on Zoe Ball’s BBC Radio 2 Breakfast Show on Tuesday. Speaking to stand-in host Vernon Kay, Gordon stated: ‘I would go down to the beautiful Cornish coast and get a little line-caught seabass and do that with a little light crushed potatoes. ‘Trust me, I absolutely love Cornwall, it’s just the Cornish I can’t stand.’ Keen to distance himself from the remark, Vernon said: ‘He said that not me. He said that not me! That’s the G man, that’s nothing to do with me.’ Vernon then pressed Gordon, 55, further but he refused to apologise and quipped: ‘I’m sorry – I promise I did mean it.’ The Hell’s Kitchen star has since received backlash from locals with one writing in a Facebook post, according to the Mail Online: ‘Well the feeling is entirely mutual.’ She said: ‘No question he’s a good cook but his attitude absolutely stinks and I have to grit my teeth watching his cookery programmes. Another added: ‘In that case he doesn’t qualify to ever be accepted here. How can he live here and not like the Cornish. ‘If he cannot connect to this county and its true roots of Cornish people, then clear off to London as no-one will notice or miss him.’ At the start of lockdown two years ago, Gordon upped sticks and left London with wife Tana and their five children – Megan, 23, twins Holly and Jack, 22, Strictly Come Dancing star Tilly, 20, and two-year-old Oscar – at the start of lockdown. He faced criticism from locals who accused him of potentially spreading the virus, and posts on a local Facebook group slammed him for reportedly ‘swanning around the shops’ and having ‘pool engineers’ come over to his home. Gordon recently reflected on the controversy in an interview with the Radio Times, and said: ‘God knows why we took so much s**t from the Cornish. ‘We lived down there; we just hadn’t been down there for a long time. We didn’t sneak down there at all. ‘We got there at an appropriate time and had an absolutely amazing time. And a time like that – we’ll never get back again.’ Tension in Cornwall has mounted in recent months as locals continue to target properties with giant graffiti slogans in protest over the rise in second home ownership. A wall outside one holiday home in St Agnes reads: ‘Second home owners give something back: Rent or sell your empty houses to local people at a fair price.’ House prices in Cornwall have been rising year on year, which has angered locals trying to get on to the property market. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Malin Andersson praised for opening up about struggles after giving birth to baby girl: ‘I fully lost myself’ MORE : The Apprentice finalist Kathryn Burn selling jaguar pyjamas identical to rival retailers for double the price 