Jeremy Kyle is set to return to television next month after almost three years off screen following the axe of The Jeremy Kyle Show in 2019. The announcement of the presenter’s comeback follows Channel 4’s controversial documentary Death On Daytime, which explored the death of guest Steve Dymond after he ‘failed’ a lie detector test. The explosive two-part series also heard from former employees who claimed they were denied meals if they failed to book guests on the now-axed ITV show and would fake mental health checklists for them. Now it’s been confirmed that Jeremy will make his return as part of the launch of TalkTV on April 25. TalkRadio’s daytime programmes, featuring presenters such as Julia Hartley-Brewer, Mike Graham and Jeremy, will broadcast on the new network, it has been announced. Meanwhile, Piers Morgan’s new global show, Uncensored, will launch on the same day via TalkTV in the UK, Fox Nation in the US and Sky News in Australia. Former Good Morning Britain host Piers enthused: ‘I’m delighted to now be returning to live television with a new daily show whose main purpose is to cancel the Cancel Culture which has infected societies around the world. ‘I want it to be a platform for lively vigorous debate, news-making interviews, and that increasingly taboo three-letter word: fun. I also want it to annoy all the right people.’ His series, Uncensored, is described as a ‘fearless forum for lively, intelligent debate and agenda-setting interviews; celebrating free speech and the right for people to share their views’. TV personality Sharon Osbourne and The Sun’s former political editor Tom Newton Dunn have both joined TalkTV to present current affairs shows. News UK broadcasting president Scott Taunton said: ‘We have a roster of new talent who will bring compelling new shows to the screen every weekday evening, alongside journalists from across News UK who have expertise in every genre. ‘Our existing professional talent on TalkRadio already have their own followings and we will be bringing these popular and informed discussions about news and current affairs to a wider audience. ‘Our launch schedule should get the nation talking and bring new choice to viewers in the market.’ MORE : Jeremy Kyle Show: Inquest into death of guest Steve Dymond delayed after death of mother MORE : Jeremy Kyle Show slammed as ‘utterly shameful’ over disturbing remarks to drug addicts Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 