Thomas Tuchel says he ‘hopes’ Chelsea’s new owners retain the services of Marina Granovskaia and Petr Cech but says he will have ‘no influence’ over the decision. Last week, Chelsea’s current owner Roman Abramovich announced he had decided to sell the Premier League club amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The billionaire, who bought Chelsea in 2003, is said to have close ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin, although he has denied this. Chelsea have won 19 major trophies since taking over the club in July 2003 and Abramovich is believed to value the Champions League holders at around £3billion. Several parties have expressed interest in buying Chelsea and Tuchel wants stability once the takeover goes through, hoping that Granovskaia and Cech stay at the club. Russian-Canadian business executive Granovskaia has been at Stamford Bridge for more than ten years and is widely considered one of the best directors in world football. Meanwhile, former Chelsea goalkeeper Cech returned to Chelsea as a technical and performance advisor in the summer of 2019. Asked if he wants Granovskaia and Cech to stay at Chelsea, Tuchel said on Wednesday afternoon: ‘This will not be my choice. ‘I can only tell you that until now it has been an excellent relationship and has worked so, so well for me and hopefully for them as well. ‘To take these decisions and to have updates in a small circle of communication and responsibility has worked well. ‘Hopefully it will stay like this but I have no influence on this and no information on whether it will or not.’ A number of Chelsea fans chanted Abramovich’s name during a minute’s applause for Ukraine before their 4-0 win over Burnley at Turf Moor. Tuchel criticised the supporters, saying: ‘It’s not the moment to do this. If we show solidarity we show solidarity and we should do it together. ‘We take the knee together. If an important person from our club or another club unfortunately dies we have a minute of respect. ‘It is not the moment to give other messages. It’s the moment to show respect. We want to do this. As a club we need our fans to commit to this minute of applause. ‘We do it for Ukraine and there is no second opinion about this situation. They have our thoughts and our support and we should stand together.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 