Darren Criss has shared the devastating news that his brother Charles died by suicide at the age of 36. The Glee star shared the news in a lengthy statement on his Instagram page, alongside a string of photos of his sibling. ‘Charles W Criss. April 1985 – February 2022,’ the 35-year-old simply captioned the post. ‘It breaks my heart beyond measure to say that my beloved brother Charles has left us,’ he began in the statement. ‘Obviously this is a colossal shock. His loss leaves behind a debilitating fracture in the lives of his mother, his brother, his three small children, and their respective mothers. ‘I have spent what already feels like a small eternity trying to wrap my head around it, something I suspect I’ll be attempting to do for the rest of my life. But in the short time that I’ve had to process everything, I’ve managed to put some words together that may help with some of the questions you may have. ‘And though it’s with the heaviest sadness I’ve ever felt to have to write this, it does give me peace to know I’m putting it out there. So it would mean a great deal to me if you could take time to read the whole thing.’ The star opened up about his sibling’s ‘mild manner’ in the post, explaining that it was impossible not to feel ‘affectionate’ towards the late musician –  remembering the silliness of his ‘ready-made best friend. ‘I loved my brother so much. And I know he loved me. Right out of the womb, he was my instant, ready-made best friend. And from that moment on, we absolutely loved being together. “Charles & Darren” were an inseparable, dynamic duo,’ he continued. ‘We shared nearly everything and looked out for each other. He was my confidant and companion as we discovered the world together. ‘Chuck loved a lot in his life. And loved fully. He loved his parents. He loved his family, He loved his friends. He deeply loved his longterm romantic partner. But above all, it is important to emphasize just how much he really loved his children – his youngest from his partner, as well as his two older children from his former marriage. His world revolved around them, and he loved being their father. He shared with them his own joy, good humor, and song, and they adored him for it.’ Darren explained that he had to ‘mediate’ over how much information he shared about his loss, as it is ‘an extraordinarily sensitive and private matter’ – but has learned that ‘vagueness can lead to confusion’. ‘The last several years were increasingly difficult for Chuck as he struggled to find stability during an unfortunate rough patch in his life,’ he wrote. ‘Despite our very vocal concerns about his well-being, and his protestations that everything was fine, it’s crushing to say now that Chuck clearly had had a severe depression welling up in him for some time, a depression that was only worsened by a lifelong struggle he had with expressing his feelings – a dangerous combination only outmatched by his all-too-incredible ability to conceal it. ‘Not just from the world at large, but most tragically, from the people who were closest to him. We will never know just how long he was fighting this war within himself, but last week, it consumed him fully, and he succumbed by taking his own life. ‘There are hundreds of one-line solutions one could apply here: perhaps this was a way to finally feel control over a life he felt he had lost control of, maybe this was the only way in which he thought he could find peace… But I feel that leaving the matter there would be reductive of the much larger examination required of this tragedy. ‘I would encourage anyone struggling to land on a simple answer to realize that serious matters of mental health do not yield simple, convenient answers. It requires a much more complex consideration of where one’s mind has to have been to go through with something like this. Because whatever affliction Chuck had, he must’ve had it really, really bad. ‘A state that I can’t even imagine. A place where, even for a person who was as universally adored as he was, the darkness had to have been that strong, powerful enough to block out the magnitude of light coming in from the outside.’ Darren concluded his post by urging anyone who is ‘feeling lost or hopeless’ to seek help and speak about their issues. He added: ‘While it was a lapse in Chuck’s mental wellness that took him, it is simply not something that can define who he was. All of the wonderful, inspiring, positive things about his life far outshine the circumstances by which it came to an end. ‘Chuck Criss was vibrant, special, worldly, hilarious, insightful, gifted, intelligent, celebrated and adored. He was a good man with a good heart who contributed enormous amounts of laughter, music, and joy to the world. ‘And for the ones who were lucky enough to take part in those wonderful moments, it’s marvelous to know that those memories are plentiful, everlasting, and can never be taken away.’ The news comes just two years after the Hollywood actor’s dad, Charles Criss, died of a rare heart condition. Darren’s Glee castmates were among the stars offering their condolences below his post. Lea Michele replied: ‘Love you Darren. We will miss you Chuck.’ Heather Morris commented: ‘Sending you so much light, strength and love. ‘Beautiful words and I’m so sorry for your loss. Love you.’ ‘Love you, buddy. So sorry for this heart-breaking loss. Rest In Peace, Chuck,’ Matthew Morrison wrote, as Kevin McHale added: ‘I’m so so sorry. Love you.’ 