Downing Street has publicly blamed Russia for hoax calls which targeted ministers including Defence Secretary Ben Wallace and Home Secretary Priti Patel. The video calls were an attempt by Vladimir Putin’s regime to distract from the crisis unfolding in Ukraine, Number 10 said. Ministers fear the footage obtained in the calls could be doctored in a bid to embarrass the UK. ‘The Russian state was responsible for the hoax telephone calls made to UK ministers last week,’ Boris Johnson’s official spokesman said. ‘We are seeing a string of distraction stories and outright lies from the Kremlin, reflecting Putin’s desperation as he seeks to hide the scale of the conflict and Russia’s failings on the battlefield.’ On Thursday it was revealed how an imposter managed to get onto a Teams call with Mr Wallace pretending to be Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky before asking him to shout out slogans. The Defence Secretary said he ‘terminated’ the call after becoming suspicious over ‘misleading questions’ – but demanded an ‘immediate’ inquiry over the security breach. Mr Wallace had previously raised suspicions Russia was responsible for the incident – but this is the first time the Government has directly pointed the finger at Moscow. The PM’s spokesperson added: ‘This is standard practice for Russian information operations and disinformation is a tactic straight from the Kremlin playbook to try to distract from their illegal activities in Ukraine and the human rights abuses being committed there.’ Ms Patel described a call from an imposter as a ‘pathetic attempt at such difficult times to divide us.’ Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries was targeted in a third unsuccessful hoax call. Tensions between the West and Kremlin have reached boiling point as Putin’s own inner circle appear to have run out of patience over the catastrophe unfolding in Ukraine. Influential members of the Russian elite are plotting to take the president out by poisoning him, according to Ukrainian intelligence. Kremlin insiders want to replace Putin with spy chief Oleksandr Bortnikov, head of the FSB agency, in the hope of reversing crippling economic sanctions. ‘Paranoid’ Putin is said to be ‘increasingly desperate’ after his bid to seize control of Ukraine did not go according to plan. Defiant Ukraine refused to cower to the Kremlin’s demands and rejected an ultimatum to lay down its arms and surrender the besieged city of Mariupol. Pentagon intelligence suggests almost 20% of Russia’s military has been wiped out in the invasion – equating to around 30,000 troops being wounded or killed. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.