It’s time for What I Rent, and while recently we’ve been looking at lots of lovely houses and flats that have been decorated to perfection, today we’re showing a more common experience of renting: the house-share. Assia (you can check out her TikTok here), 24, and her boyfriend Jack, 27, rent a bedroom as part of a house-share – where 11 people live in total. Assia is a student originally from Germany, and completing a remote internship while in London for a marketing agency in Berlin. She and Jack met in Australia, then travelled around southeast Asia together, before moving in to a flat in Antwerp, Belgium, where they both studied (the cheaper tuition fees were a major draw). Now, they’re in London for a few months, with plans to move to Berlin in May. We chatted with Assia about what the couple rent for now. Hey, Assia! How much do you and Jack pay to live here? £925 each month between the two of us, including all bills – so £462.50 each. However, the people before us paid only £600… All rooms are different sizes and some tenants have negotiated better rates over time. We don’t know the rates others pay but I think it’s around £600 a month. How many rooms are in the house? Three bathrooms (one is very, very dated, one is in the kitchen), two showers (there is a shower in the third bathroom as well, but the landlord is using it as storage space for old furniture, so we can`t actually use it), one kitchen, and nine bedrooms. There’s also a small garden and a basement, which is also tenanted. There are no common areas apart from the kitchen as everywhere has been turned into a bedroom – I’m surprised the landlord hasn’t tried to put a bed in the kitchen. And how many people live here? 10-11 people live in the property! The homeowner definitely crammed as many people in as possible. What’s it like living together? Jack and I moved in with each other after knowing each other for less than a week, so living together is nothing new to us, we’re a good team and work well together! The other housemates are friendly, sometimes the music is a little loud but if you ask the others nicely, they will always turn it down. Surprisingly the kitchen is tidy and there are rarely dishes left in the sink. Although the kitchen itself is not a nice place and could really do with some work. The people are very friendly. It’s a really lively house with the majority of the people playing musical instruments, so we often joke that the landlord is trying to start a band. There are two Italians, two Indians, two Germans, a Dutch guy, a Spanish girl, a French guy and two English guys. Mostly 20-30 years old with two guys in their 40s. We didn’t know anybody before moving in but certainly have made some friends! Do you feel like you have a good deal? Not really, we just couldn’t find anything after months of looking. Also, moving from another country meant we couldn’t go to physical viewings, which made the process more difficult. The landlord originally wanted £1,000 but we managed to negotiate a better deal. Looking for a short-term place didn’t help the situation. On the other hand, we do feel happy as we pay £462 each which is a great price, working out to be less than £16 per day. The only reason we feel slightly hard done by is the fact that landlords increase the rent by so much for couples. Whereabouts is your home based? What do you think of the area? We live in Clapton, but it feels more like we live in Hackney as it seems everything’s there! We love Hackney, it’s a lively, diverse place with a lot to do. There’s a lot of like-minded people around and a great community feel. The only criticism is its lack of connectivity – it’s a bit of struggle to get anywhere in a hurry. It seems to take about an hour to get literally anywhere, no matter how far it actually is. How did you find the house? It took a while to find anything, we used spare room and multiple Facebook groups. It seemed to be absolutely impossible to find anything at the start. For instance, someone would advertise their room in a Facebook group and within two hours, about 50 people commented underneath the post. So, I decided to post something myself and made it sound super funny and personal. I think it made us stand out from others, because we actually had quite a few people got back to us, one of them being our current landlord. For people looking for a place in London, I feel like we had a very difficult situation, being a couple, from overseas, looking for a short-term lease, probably couldn’t have been worse! How have you made this place feel like home? Having a three-month rent meant we couldn’t do too much to the room and we didn’t want to spend too much on it. We brought our vintage posters from our studio in Antwerp, bought a couple of plants, and a small sofa and a deep clean makes it feel a little less like a dump. Have you found it difficult to decorate when renting and sharing a place? Yes, we have found it difficult to decorate. The landlord wanted everything to stay the same, despite the bed being broken, the curtains being 3ft too long and the room and house being in chronic need of an upgrade. Despite this we have made the most of a bad situation and changed everything anyway. Do you feel like you have enough space? In the room yes. The room is the largest in the house and is enough for a sofa, a bed, a desk with good storage. Everywhere else, no. There are 11 people sharing two fridges, meaning everyone gets one shelf in a fridge and some cupboard space. The middle bathroom has a shower but it is broken and this room in general needs renovating. Three showers would be suitable for a house this size, not two. Are there any other problems with the home you have to deal with? The main issue is the kitchen, we both love to cook but due to the lack of fridge space and 11 people sharing one small cooker, we rarely have chance to cook and if we do cook, it is something basic and quick because we both dislike spending time in the kitchen. It’s dirty, outdated and theres a bloody bathroom in there! The kitchen gets incredibly hot thanks to a lack of ventilation and no extractor fan. The landlord has crammed as many people in as possible, converting common areas into bedrooms, even converting the basement into another bedroom. Do you have any plans to move again soon? Yes! We originally planned to stay long term, although we have found London extremely expensive. We plan on moving to Berlin in May (we would love to give you another house tour!). We will most likely only be there for a month and then go and travel around South America for maybe half a year. We definitely still want to get some more travelling done, before settling down. Do you want to own a place some day? Hopefully! Although house prices are astronomical in Berlin and rising in the UK it will be likely we won’t own a house unless we inherit one. Shall we take a look around? What I Rent is a weekly series that’s out every Tuesday at 10am. Check back next week to have another nose around a rented property. This article contains placements with affiliate links.  We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links on these placements. MORE : What I Rent: Michael and Leo, £1,400 a month for a one-bedroom flat in Richmond, London MORE : What I Rent: Scarlett and Xandice, £1,050 a month for a two-bedroom flat in Brighton MORE : What I Rent: Michelle, £1,600 a month for a three-bedroom house in Epsom Downs