A Grade-II listed property with a rich history is on the market in Cornwall. The historic building up for sale was the only home in Mousehole to survive a bombardment from the Spanish Armada. Originally a pub, named The Keigwin Arms, the building came under attack on July 23 1595 but remained standing – while its owner, Jenkyn Keigwin, died protecting it. Since then, the property has been converted into a five-bed home and is now on the market for £750,000. Even with modernisation and an extension, Keigwin still retains lots of period features – such as exposed stonework and high, beamed ceilings. There’s even a Jacobean porch supported on four granite columns leading to a large, open-plan hallway. With 1,970 sq ft of living space, there’s plenty of room – plus the kitchen has a stable door that leads out to the south-facing garden. Elsewhere, there’s a utility room, a dining room, lounge and a master bedroom with a dressing room and en-suite shower room – plus three other bedrooms. Guy Morse, the estate agent at Lillicrap Chilcott handling the sale, describes Mousehole as ‘sitting in a little bowl of tranquility.’ Speaking about the one-of-a-kind property, he said: ‘Space is at a premium in Mousehole – everyone has got tiny postage stamp-sized gardens, if they’ve got anything at all. ‘The fact that this property has a sizeable south-facing garden – including banana plants and an olive tree – is just as rare as the history.’ The property would be perfect for history buffs, or simply those looking for a home with a story. Keigwin was the only one to remain in Mousehole when Amésquita’s men torched the village  – but a plaque to the late owner Jenkyn Keigwin still hangs outside. The surrounding harbour area has also been featured in the 1970s BBC television series Poldark. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Five-bed house is on sale for £200k – but it’s not in the best shape inside MORE : Three-bedroom house goes on sale for £10,000 – but it’ll need a lot of work MORE : You can move in next door to the Queen as former station master’s house goes on sale for £1.2million