There are fears 100 people could be trapped beneath the rubble of a residential area near Kyiv which was shelled yesterday. The town of Borodyanka lies to the north west of the capital and is one of several which have been attacked as the Russian convoy attempts to make progress. Several buildings were levelled and according to a Radio Liberty reporter on the ground, emergency services attempting to reach the ruins were fired upon. Stark images of babies being carried out of Kyiv’s ruined suburbs sum up a brutal week of fighting around the capital. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The Kremlin’s push to take the city has largely stalled in the face of fierce opposition from Ukraine’s military and civilians. Battles have raged to the north west of Kyiv in suburbs close to Hostomel airport, a scene of intense clashes. Russia is attempting to open up a corridor for forces to reach the capital and to provide a vital landing strip so reinforcements can be flown in. A mile-long column is stuck outside Kyiv and unable to make progress while Ukraine has had some success picking off elements using Turkish-built drones. While the advancement of the invading force has been slowed, some neighbourhoods have been destroyed. Air raids on the village of Bushiv 40 miles to the west of Kyiv destroyed homes in the night. Bucha, a neighbourhood to the north of Irpin, has also been badly damaged after days of bombing and gun battles. The latest update from the UK defence ministry’s intelligence team confirmed the area had become a key battleground. MORE : Putin calls evidence of civilians being bombed ‘gross propaganda fakes’ It read: ‘Heavy fighting to the north west of Kyiv has continued today, that has highly likely included renewed fighting around Hostomel Airfield. ‘This is near the front end of the Russian column on the outskirts of the city. ‘The column has made little discernible progress in over four days.’ A situation report from the Ukrainian defence ministry read: ‘The main efforts of the occupiers focused on the surroundings of Kiev and weakening resistance in the settlements blocked by them.’ Elsewhere in Ukraine, the southeastern port city of Mariupol – a key prize for the Russian troops – has been encircled and shelled. Its mayor said on Friday it had no water, heat or electricity and is running out of food after five days under attack. An emergency meeting of the United Nations was held today after Russian troops shelled Europe’s largest nuclear power plant during an attempt to take it last night. Despite nine days of heavy fighting, Russian forces only appear to have made one significant gain, the city of Kherson. In the face of mounting evidence of crimes against humanity committed by his army, Vladimir Putin has called footage and images from Ukraine ‘gross propaganda fakes. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.