Kim Kardashian made her feelings clear over Kanye West’s latest music video for Eazy, in which he appeared to bury her boyfriend Pete Davidson. The Gold Digger rapper faced a huge backlash over the visuals for his new single, which have been branded ‘inappropriate’ by many fans. Pete has not addressed the clip publicly but Kim – who was declared legally single just hours before it dropped – liked a tweet from James Gunn, defending her beau. Earlier today, the Suicide Squad director penned: ‘For the record, Pete Davidson is one of the nicest, sweetest guys I know. ‘A truly generous, tender & funny spirit, he treats everyone around him with respect.’ Among the 30,000 likes at the time of writing was Kim – who has only liked 198 posts on the platform. ‘I’ve been on set with Pete & I see how he treats all of the crew & background actors,’ James later added to a follower. ‘I’ve been to restaurants & see how he treats the staff. I’ve seen how he treats his longtime friends. I’ve seen how he treats fans.’ While James didn’t share what exactly led to his defence, it comes shortly after Kanye’s Eazy video premiered. In one scene of the dark video, the dad-of-four could be seen burying the Saturday Night Live comedian in an animation. ‘God saved me from the crash, just so I can beat Pete Davidson’s ass,’ he rapped as the accompanying video showed his animated character dragging what appeared to be a restrained Pete with a bag over his head. After removing the bag from the What Men Want actor, who was in the ground, he sprinkled seeds over his head – something that left many fans ‘disgusted’. Pete had been the subject of some of Kanye’s Instagram rants in recent weeks, after he went public with his relationship with Kim. In now-deleted posts, Ye branded him a ‘d**khead’ and referring to him as ‘Skete’. The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star filed for divorce from her former partner – who she shares children North, Saint, Psalm and Chicago with – last February, after six years of marriage. She was declared legally single by a judge on Thursday, bringing their marriage to an official end. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Joe vs Carole: How can you stream Joe Exotic and Carole Baskin series in the UK? MORE : American Song Contest: Macy Gray, Sisqo and Michael Bolton lead star-studded line-up 