Leona Lewis and her husband Dennis Jauch are expecting their first child, according to reports. Sources claim that the Bleeding Love singer, 36, has passed the 12-week milestone and is expected to confirm the news later this month. ‘Leona and Dennis are absolutely over the moon,’ an insider told The Sun. ‘They have passed the 12-week milestone and told their family and friends at the beginning of the year. ‘They can’t wait to welcome their new arrival and to become a family of three,’ they added. The songwriter – who shot to fame after winning series three of the X Factor –  married the creative director in Italy in 2019 after nine years together. The couple met back in 2010 when he was working as her backing dancer, and announced their engagement in November 2018, writing in an Instagram post: ‘I can’t wait to be your wife.’ Leona told Hello!: ‘We’re so ready to do this. Dennis is the most kind, considerate person I’ve ever met. ‘He’s been my rock through my crazy ups and downs and everything I’ve gone through in my life.’ In 2020, Happy hitmaker expressed her desire to start a family with Dennis and considered adopting a child. ‘My mum grew up in a children’s home, no one adopted her as a child, and I would very much like to adopt,’ she told Stella magazine. Leona added: ‘I’m still figuring things out. If it was up to my husband, we would have had kids yesterday.’ During the height of the coronavirus pandemic, Leona and Dennis had just moved into their new home on a Californian ranch. Since auditioning for the talent series – which was axed in 2021 after 17 years- Leona has gone on to become the show’s second-best-selling act having sold over 30million records worldwide. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Leona Lewis’ reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stormzy gives newlyweds day to remember after he crashes wedding and takes selfies with happy couple MORE : Britney Spears returns to Instagram two days after her page mysteriously disappeared 