The Queen overruled Prince Charles and Prince William to allow Prince Andrew to play a key role at the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service, it’s claimed. Many members of the Royal Family were reportedly ‘dismayed’ to see the Duke of York accompanying Her Majesty from Windsor Castle before escorting her to her seat at Westminster Abbey. The future kings are said to have raised concerns ‘on more than one occasion’ beforehand, standing ’absolutely united that it was simply unnecessary’. But the monarch, 95, apparently told them it was ‘her wish and final decision’ to have her second son by her side, amid concerns he may attempt to return to public life. It came weeks after the disgraced royal paid Virginia Giuffre a reported £12 million in an out-of-court settlement. He had faced a public hearing over allegations he sexually abused her three times when she was just 17 while she was the victim of a trafficking ring orchestrated by billionaire paedophile Jeffry Epstein. The duke strenuously denied all accusations. One person The Mirror labelled ‘an insider’ said: ‘Both the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cambridge reluctantly accepted that he (Prince Andrew) would travel with the Queen to the Abbey as they both live in Windsor. ‘It was arguably palatable if simply down to logistics, but it goes without saying that most of the family were absolutely dismayed to see him walking the Queen up the aisle in full view of the entire congregation and broadcast cameras.’ Another ‘senior source’ added ‘if the Queen wants Andrew there, he will be there’. Prince Philip’s memorial service was previously named Andrew’s last official public appearance as a royal before he ‘disappeared from public life’. But royal experts have now suggested he could also appear at a service in thanksgiving for The Queen’s 70-year reign at St Paul’s Cathedral on June 3. One source told the Mirror the duke has ‘made no secret that he’s not ready to fade away into the background, as much as everyone may want him to’. Another ‘close to Andrew’ said the civil case was ‘firmly closed in his mind’ after he settled ‘for the good of the family’. ‘He’s very much of the view that he is a young man and has plenty to offer’, they said. ‘He’s not going to just sit at home and do nothing until the end of his days.’ Andrew was stripped of his honorary military titles and patronages in January, with the Queen’s ‘approval and agreement’. He will no longer be called His Royal Highness, or HRH. At the time, a statement from Buckingham Palace said: ‘The Duke of York will continue not to undertake any public duties and is defending this case as a private citizen.’ Clarence House has refused to comment on the claims. Metro has contacted Buckingham Palace for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.