Harry Potter actress Emma Watson appeared to throw a subtle dig at JK Rowling at the Bafta Film Awards. The 31-year-old, who is best known for playing Hermione Granger in the blockbuster franchise, attended the star-studded ceremony on Sunday to present the award for best outstanding British film. Baftas host Rebel Wilson did the honours of introducing Watson to the stage, and said: ‘Here to present the next award is Emma Watson. She calls herself a feminist, but we all know she’s a witch.’ Watson then appeared on-stage with a cheeky smile and said: ‘I’m here for all all of the witches by the way.’ Viewers took it as a jab towards Harry Potter author Rowling, who has come under fire in recent years for her controversial comments about the transgender community and the definition of a woman. Reacting to Watson’s comment, one viewer tweeted: ‘Live for Emma Watson throwing subtle shade at JK Rowling at the #BAFTAs #LGBWithTheT #JKDoesntSpeakForMe.’ ‘Was that a jibe by emma watson at jk rowling? what a QUEEEEENNN,’ another cheered. One weighed in: ‘Emma Watson throwing some classy shade there.’ Another said: ‘Emma Watson’s “I’m here for *all* of the witches, by the way” was a giant dig at JK and I love her for it.’ ‘Emma Watson opening with “I’m here for all the witches…” She’s here for #TransRights. #TransWomenAreWomen,’ one other tweeted. Wilson also took a swipe at Rowling earlier in the awards show when a photo of her at the 2020 Baftas appeared on-screen. She told the audience in reference to her weight loss: ‘That was me two years ago and since then I’ve done quite a transformation – I hope JK Rowling still approves.’ The controversy surrounding Rowling began in 2020, when she criticised an article that used the term ‘people who menstruate’ instead of women. She later explained her earlier comments, saying: ‘At the same time, my life has been shaped by being female. I do not believe it’s hateful to say so.’ The author added that she respects ‘every trans person’s rights to live any way that feels authentic and comfortable to them’. MORE : Holly Willoughby ‘to be replaced on This Morning’ after testing positive for Covid and skipping Dancing On Ice MORE : Baftas 2022: Rebel Wilson makes dig at Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith affair drama after he misses ceremony 