Jenson Brooksby has apologised for his on court actions at the Miami Open that saw him throw his racket in a fit of rage, narrowly avoiding hitting a ball person. The American lost his cool during his 3-6, 6-2, 6-3 win over Federico Coria on Thursday as his victory was soured by one particular incident in the deciding set. When 4-1 up, Brooksby threw his racket into the ground which then bounced up into the path of a ball person, who was forced to jump out the way to avoid getting hit. ‘I am truly sorry for my actions out there today,’ he posted on Instagram. ‘I will learn from this and continue to grow on and off court. ‘Thanks to the fans for the support out there today! See you on Saturday! Round 1 @miamiopen.’ Brooksby was only handed a point penalty despite Coria calling for stricter punishments. His actions led to calls from some in the tennis world for Brooksby to be handed a much more serious punishment. Former World No. 1 and Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki said on the Tennis Channel: ‘This definitely should be a disqualification.’ Australian tennis coach Craig O’Shannessy added: ‘That’s a default. That’s absolutely a default. ‘That’s positively a default. That’s clearly a default. I don’t know what else to say.’ Brooksby’s actions come less than a month after Alexander Zverev was handed a suspended eight-week ban for smashing his racket against the umpire’s chair at the ATP 500 event in Acapulco. Zverev was fined $20,000 (£15,250) for verbal abuse, $20,000 (£15,250) for unsportsmanlike conduct and forfeited more than $31,000 (£23,640) in prize money and all rankings points earned from singles and doubles action at the Abierto Mexicano tournament. He was also expelled from the tournament. MORE : Emma Raducanu asked about her own retirement plans following Ashleigh Barty’s shock decision to quit tennis MORE : Ash Barty refuses to rule out comeback after announcing shock retirement For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 