Elizabeth Hurley was supported by her son Damian as she stepped out in London this weekend, hours before the funeral for her ex-fiance Shane Warne was held in Australia. The Royals actress, who had shared her ‘heartache’ that she was not able to attend Warne’s funeral, looked downcast as she was pictured leaving the set of her upcoming movie, Christmas in the Caribbean, on Saturday. Dressed in all black, Elizabeth, 56, looked smart in a black blazer and trousers while also shielding her eyes behind a pair of sunglasses. She was joined by son Damian, who was also dressed in black and wore a hoodie, and held hands with the model as they exited a building in west London. Later that night, the actress revealed she would not be attending Warne’s funeral in Melbourne on Sunday. Warne died on March 4 at the age of 52 following a suspected heart attack at his hotel in Thailand where he was holidaying with friends. In her Instagram post, Elizabeth explained: ‘My heart aches that I can’t be in Australia tomorrow for Shane’s funeral. ‘I was filming last night and, with the time jump, physically can’t get there. These pictures were taken in Sri Lanka to celebrate our engagement- we had all our children with us and it was the happiest time. It still hasn’t really sunk in that he’s gone. ‘It seems too cruel that all the people who loved him will never have another Lion hug, but our memories will live forever. RIP Lionheart, with love your Luna ❤️.’ Elizabeth was engaged to the legendary cricketer with their relationship lasting from 2011 to 2013. They remained close despite their split and both Elizabeth and Damian, 19, have continued to publicly support Warne’s three children – Jackson, Brooke and Summer – on social media. His private funeral took place at the St Kilda Football ground in Melbourne on Sunday, with his children, parents and ex-wife Simone Callahan among those among mourners. A state memorial will be held on March 30 in the city so fans can pay their respects to the sporting icon. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Elizabeth Hurley shares loving message for Shane Warne’s daughter Summer after his tragic death MORE : Denise Van Outen recalls confronting woman ‘sexting’ ex-fiance Eddie Boxshall: ‘It was devastatingly hurtful’ 