A Ukrainian photographer has been taking startling pictures of life in Kyiv after the Russian invasion. Maria Volkova, who lives in the centre of the city, says her work shows the ‘proud and determined’ people of Kyiv in black and white. She has photographed civilians and soldiers in the capital since Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a full scale attack on Thursday. Her photos, shot on a Canon 60D, depict Ukrainian soldiers, civilians and the destruction seen on the streets on her hometown. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live In one picture, a child can be seen sheltering in the corner of Kyiv’s Metro station, surrounded by bags of belongings and dressed in a winter coat and hat. In another, civilians are seen huddled together trying to sleep under a blanket, wearing layers of clothing. It comes as Russia continues to bombard Ukraine with missile strikes and attacks on its major cities. Ms Volkova, who was born in Kyiv but grew up in Luhansk in eastern Ukraine, described the mood of the people in the capital as ‘proud’ and ‘determined’. She explained: ‘I’m working with a war correspondent from France, who enlightens the situation in Kyiv from inside.’ ‘We’ve met civilian guys who became members of territory defence parts and took a weapon for the first time in their lives (and) a family with three kids that are leaving Kyiv “for nowhere”. ‘I spent a night in metro to see what’s going on there, went to the place where Ukrainian soldiers stopped an invasion… ‘And followed a restaurant owner who makes free dinners for policemen and prepares Molotov cocktails instead of the alcohol cocktails.’ Her photographs show soldiers wearing full camouflage gear, carrying weapons and ammunition across rubble strewn streets. Other shots show scenes of cars with smashed windows, makeshift road blocks occupied by territorial soldiers and a person holding a handful of bullets. The UN refugee agency said on Wednesday that about 874,000 people have fled Ukraine for neighbouring countries since the war started. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Russia spurring food and water shortages in Ukraine as Putin plans to ‘increase the brutality’: US envoy to UN