Josh Hartnett and Tamsin Egerton have reportedly ‘tied the knot’ in a secret ceremony after being together for 10 years. The actor, 43, whose film credits include Pearl Harbour, Black Hawk Down and The Black Daliah, has been in a relationship with Tamsin, 33, since 2012. The pair are parents to three children, age six, four and two, and can now finally call themselves husband and wife. Heartwarming stuff! The couple are very good at keeping their love life private, as they reportedly got married in November 2021, and the details of their nuptials have only just been revealed. The Sun on Sunday claims that they said ‘I do’ on Guy Fawkes Night in the intimate Soho Room at the Old Marylebone Town Hall, which only seats 12. A friend of the lovebirds, who now live in Dorset, said: ‘They’re as loved up as ever and wanted to make it official in a low-key affair, with their close family and friends.’ Speaking previously about marriage, Tamsin said: ‘It is going to happen, but we’re focusing on children at the moment. The kids are very young. ‘It’s hard when Josh goes away to work. We miss him but we make it work.’ Josh has also opened up about the joys that fatherhood gives him. Speaking to Mr Porter last year, he said: ‘The thing I am most proud of is that I’m a father of three and I have a good relationship with my partner and a great family life.’ He touched on life in lockdown with three kids and continued: ‘We’ve been trying to keep them occupied as best we can, but it’s a lot of work and it takes both of us all day and by the end of it all we want to do is reach for a bottle of wine and go to sleep.’ Josh is currently starring in Sky Atlantic drama The Fear Index, after he famously turned his back on Hollywood, reportedly jettisoning a three-movie deal reportedly work over $100million (£75m) to play Superman. He also explained why he took a step back from the limelight to focus on being a father and husband, adding to the publication: ‘I decided to have a life, to put that first. That was always my goal. ‘I feel very strongly about friends I’ve known for a long time and my family. I wanted to make sure I wasn’t losing those relationships. Those people make me who I am. I put those concerns ahead of chasing a Hollywood dream.’ Josh said that it was the ‘best thing’ for his ‘mental health’ to step away. Metro.co.uk have reached out to Josh Hartnett’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kiss singer Gene Simmons thinks Kanye West ‘needs a b***h slap and a hobby’ amid Kim Kardashian divorce drama MORE : Pete Davidson thinks Kanye West burying alive his caricature in music video is ‘hysterical’ 