Footage has emerged of a so-called ‘patriotic flash mob’ by Russian students chanting in support of Vladimir Putin’s brutal invasion of Ukraine. Shoppers at a department store in the city of Kazan were met with hordes of young Russians wearing coats featuring the letter ‘Z’, a symbol of support for the onslaught. Pumping their fists in the air, they chanted ‘Forward Russia!’ and ‘Russia for peace!’. The stunt is believed to have taken place on Wednesday and appears to have been carefully coordinated to maximise exposure. As well as loudspeakers and live instruments, a pack of photographers and videographers with professional equipment were present at the mall. According to comments reported by Julian Röpcke, political editor of Germany’s Bild newspaper, the mob was organised by the Kazan State University of Culture and Arts. Participation was said to be mandatory unless students had a note with extenuating circumstances. Signs have emerged that the Kremlin is losing its grip on its narrative of the conflict, as criticism was aired on state-controlled TV before the host intervened. The invasion has nonetheless continued to receive enthusiastic support in Russia from ordinary people and public figures alike. One of the most common displays of support is the ‘Z’ symbo, which was first seen on Russian vehicles entering Ukrainian territory at the start of the invasion, though its origins are not precisely known. After appearing on Russian celebrities’ social media posts, local adverts, road signs and car stickers, Russian officials eventually declared that it stands for ‘For Victory’. It has also been displayed by Putin’s idolisers abroad, gaining exposure when Russian gymnast Ivan Kuliak displayed it on his leotard while standing on a World Cup podium next to the Ukrainian winner, Illia Kovtun. Kuliak, who was widely condemned for the stunt, faces disciplinary action from the ruling body of the championships, who have barred all Russian and Belarusian athletes from its competitions starting this week. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.