Kim Kardashian has finally gone Instagram-official with new boyfriend Pete Davidson, sharing the first sweet snaps of the pair together on her page. The couple were first pictured together on social media in a post shared by Flavor Flav, in which they were wearing matching checked co-ords with momager Kris Jenner and the music star. However, until now, there has been a distinct lack of Pete’s presence on Kim’s social media, with the pair being pictured out together on numerous occasions. Kim, 41, took to Instagram to share a series of snaps of her in a silver fluffy coat, silver metallic boots and sunglasses, which she captioned: ‘Whose care are we gonna take?!’ In the photos, Pete, 28, could be seen laying on the floor with his head in Kim’s lap, appearing to purse his lips towards her for a kiss, as she pouted down at him in return. Another frame saw Pete take a selfie in a pair of sunglasses, with Kim seen pouting behind him next to a mirror. Kim’s pals were quick to comment on the snap, with Simon Huck writing: ‘There he is!’, while Ash K Holm added: ‘BADDIE Also you guys are too cute !!!’ Sister Khloe Kardashian commented: ‘I love this’, while fans added: ‘Oh my GAWD finally’, and ‘She posted Pete, well it’s very official.’ Her post comes amid her divorce from Kanye West, 44, who has repeatedly attacked Pete in his songs and music videos, including burying a claymation head made to look like the Saturday Night Live comedian. She was recently declared legally single amid the divorce proceedings and will be dropping ‘West’ from her name, after filing to part ways with the Gold Digger rapper. Kim and Kanye share four children, North, Saint, Chicago and Psalm, but filed to divorce last February after six years of marriage. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Caitlyn Jenner addresses The Kardashians and confirms she won’t be involved in new reality show: ‘I was there from day one’ MORE : Kim Kardashian’s ‘former employees lash out at working conditions’ after controversial comments on work ethic 