WWE legend Scott Hall has died aged 63 days after suffering three heart attacks in one night. The two-time Hall of Famer – who was inducted on his own in 2014 before being honoured as part of the nWo at last year’s combined 2020/21 ceremony – was taken off life support once his family was in place. The official WWE Twitter account confirmed the sad news in a statement, ‘WWE is saddened to learn that two-time WWE Hall of Famer Scott Hall has passed away,’ it read. ‘WWE extends its condolences to Hall’s family, friends and fans.’ Hall underwent hip replacement surgery last week, but he then suffered a serious complication after a blood clot got loose and suffered three heart attacks before being put on life support. His long-time best friend and tag team partner Kevin Nash had revealed his family’s plan on Monday morning, and revealed his heartbreak over the news. He wrote: ‘I’m going to lose the one person on this planet I’ve spent more of my life with than anyone else. My heart is broken and I’m so very f***ing sad. ‘I love Scott with all my heart but now I have to prepare my life without him in the present. I’ve been blessed to have a friend that took me at face value and I him.’ Hall first started his wrestling career in 1984 in the National Wrestling Alliance’s (NWA) Championship Wrestling from Florida (CWF) territory, before becoming a main eventer for the American Wrestling Association (AWA). He would sign with the then-WWF in 1992 and debuted as Razor Ramon, going onto become one of wrestling’s most influential stars. As well as helping define the Ladder Match with Shawn Michaels at WrestleMania X, he captured the Intercontinental Championship, a title he would hold four times. After leaving WWE in 1996, he and Kevin Nash jumped ship to World Championship Wrestling (WCW) as The Outsiders, soon to be joined by Hulk Hogan as they created the New World Order (nWo). He retired in 2010, and has been open over the years about his battles with addiction and health struggles. He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2014, and has made occasional appearances for the company – including the following year when he came out with Hulk Hogan, Nash and Sean ‘X-Pac’ Waltman to help Sting during his WrestleMania 31 match with Triple H. They were looking to even the odds as The Game was backed by D-Generation X teammates Road Dogg, Billy Gunn and Shawn Michaels, but in the end Triple H picked up the win. Meanwhile, Hall again reunited with Hogan, Nash and Waltman for last year’s 2020/2021 combined Hall of Fame ceremony as the quartet were inducted as members of the nWo. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson leads Scott Hall tributes with WWE legend on life support after suffering three heart attacks MORE : Drew McIntyre recalls WWE legend Rey Mysterio going out of his way to directly push for him early in his career 