Imagine waking up to find some random Range Rover parked on your driveway. Well, that’s what Zekarias Haile, 51, had to face last Thursday morning. The engineering lecturer lives near Manchester Airport in Wythenshawe and was forced to wait four whole days for the driver to finally pick it up. He believes the rogue parker flew out for a holiday and decided against paying for a space at the airport. His initial surprise simmered to a slow-boiling anger at the audacity of the mystery perpetrator. Mr Haile called the police but was told it was not a criminal offence as his car, which he’d parked on the road, was not blocked in. But the unwanted vehicle had restricted easy access to his garden and, crucially, to his bins. ‘I was very angry but I resisted doing anything to the car,’ he said. ‘I definitely didn’t feel all right about it.’ His family have lived in Wythenshawe for 14 years and are aware of rogue parking companies operating in the area. They suspect whoever left the Range Rover could be working for one of these cowboy outfits. Mr Haile added: ‘A lady who was out the front when it was left told me the driver was wearing a high-viz jacket so I do believe it was one of those companies. ‘My worry now is that, because I couldn’t do anything about it, it will happen again. ‘There are rogue parking firms who claim they are meet and greet and just park in our area. It’s a violation of my private property.’ Parking around Manchester Airport has long been a thorny topic. In 2016, an investigation by the Manchester Evening News found cars parked in fields and pub car parks. It led to a crackdown, but the problem has reared its head again. The business potential from parking has even led some homeowners to rent out their driveways for a quick buck. But Mr Haile made it clear he has no interest in renting his driveway, and certainly not to a stranger for free. A Greater Manchester Police spokesman confirmed the matter was not a criminal offence, but said homeowners could approach the council and take civil action. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.