Sky News’ coverage of the Russia-Ukraine invasion was abruptly interrupted today due to a reported fire alarm at the studios. Viewers were confused on Monday when a report from Ukraine was pulled just after 5pm and switched to a segment about abortion. A message then appeared on screen stating the channel was dealing with a ‘temporary fault’ with instrumental music playing. It returned around 30 minutes later with the presenter saying: ‘We are so sorry about that, we had a little fire alarm here but we are all OK.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live A spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘Sky News briefly went off air today due to the building being evacuated for a precautionary fire alarm at the Osterley studios. The channel is now back on air.’ Sky News reporter Mark Thompson had earlier tweeted: ‘Anyone confused why Sky News has just gone off air, we’ve had a fire alarm go off so now hanging out in the cold.’ He included a photo of a large number of staff members queued outside the building. One viewer commented: ‘Why did Mark Austin get cut off abruptly and replaced with a programme about abortion?’ Another said: ‘Where did @SkyNews go? Went live to #Ukraine & then something totally off topic? Hoping everyone is safe!’ ‘Ayo sky what happened you hacked or did something happen and u had to cut off?’ a viewer added. One chimed in: ‘WTF has happened on sky news suddenly cut off and a programme about abortions on.’ Sky News has been praised for its coverage of the invasion over the past two weeks, particularly after chief correspondent Stuart Ramsay was shot in the lower back as bullets strafed the car carrying him and his crew towards Kyiv. Camera operator Richie Mockler was also hit with two rounds to his body armour before the team managed to escape and take cover. They were later rescued by Ukrainian police. The previous week, several reporters were forced to end their live coverage early after explosions rocked the country. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Machine Gun Kelly wants BTS to perform at his and Megan Fox’s wedding MORE : Zoë Kravitz encountered ‘weird racist people’ while filming Big Little Lies: ‘It was such a white area’ 