Katie Price is confronted by her devastated mother Amy over her drink-driving crash in 2021, during the upcoming documentary Katie Price: What Harvey Did Next. The mum-of-five pleaded guilty to driving under the influence and without insurance, eventually being ordered to spend a month in The Priory and avoiding a jail sentence. At the time, Katie was filming both her Channel 4 reality series Mucky Mansions and the upcoming BBC documentary, which follows Harvey as he settles into is new home at college. Still reeling from the incident, Katie admitted there is no one else to blame for getting behind the wheel, but blamed mental health issues. ‘If people could see, that night, what was going on in my head… I wasn’t telling myself not to get in the car,’ she said. ‘I just thought, “I need to go”. So I’m lucky nothing happened.’ However, one moment shows how much the incident affected Katie’s family, including her mother Amy who is terminally-ill with a lung condition. Sitting down with Katie, Amy said: ‘With Harvey, and his friends round him at school, they’re not interested in anything that goes on outside that school whereas all your other kids, they might have comments from other children to put up with. ‘I suppose from Harvey’s point of view, that won’t affect him, all he thinks about is just you.’ Remember the moment Amy was told about the crash, she continued: ‘For me to have a phone call at 6.30 in the morning saying, “I’ve just had a crash, I’m ever so sorry mum’” and it was unbelievable. We just couldn’t believe it.’ Tearing up, Amy went on: ‘And then I was speaking to this guy who actually got you out of the car and he was saying, ‘I don’t know how she survived this’. When you say to me at the time, “Well, why am I still here?” It’s awful for a mother to hear that. Her sister Sophie also appears in the film which launches next week, and recalled the moment Katie was arrested. ‘When I saw the police there, I thought, “She’s really done it this time”. She’s like the cat with nine lives but I looked and thought, “This is going to be a nightmare”.’ ‘It was a shock,’ said Sophie. ‘It was absolutely awful. She could have killed someone or killed herself.’ ‘Kate puts on such a front, you think, “She’s alright, she’s fine”. ‘Clearly, she’s not. When people have mental health problems they’re very good at covering it up and Kate is very good at covering up when she’s not feeling right.’ In the film, Katie explains how Harvey’s departure has left a huge void in her life. ‘I’m used to 19 years of having him around me, living, breathing, smelling, the noise — everything. Then he’s just gone. ‘How do I fill that void? I’m so used to having so much responsibility.’ Speaking to Metro.co.uk, Katie said it’s still ‘weird’ not having her eldest around after being his carer for 19 years. ’In the beginning when he left, I’ve got it clocked in my body that the times he has his medication, all them times have just been drummed in my head, and then I’m like, “oh, Harvey’s not here. “ ‘Or I still hear doors banging and I wait to hear like a repercussion but then he’s not here, so it’s definitely a big void in my life. ‘But it’s a good void that I’m happy to have let go. It’s very stressful, a worried stress, it’s like having a baby.’ Katie Price: Harvey and Me airs Monday at 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 