Lynda Baron has died at the age of 82, it has been confirmed. The actress was best known for the BBC sitcom Open All Hours, starring alongside Sir David Jason and Ronnie Barker as Nurse Gladys Emmanuel in the hit programme, which ran for four series starting in 1976. Her agent of nearly 30 years, Donna French, said: ‘It is with great sadness that we announce the passing of our beloved client Lynda Baron. ‘She was a wonderful actress and a great friend. ‘Her iconic roles of Nurse Gladys in Open All Hours and Aunt Mabel in Come Outside were loved by all generations. ‘Renowned for her leading roles in West End musicals and dramatic productions alike, we have lost a leading light of our world. ‘We extend our deepest condolences to her daughter Sarah, her son Morgan and all her family.’ A cause of death was not revealed. Baron also appeared in the sequel Still Open All Hours when it returned in 2013, and played Auntie Mabel in the 1990s BBC children’s programme Come Outside. The Lancashire-native also appeared in the ITV sitcom Oh No, It’s Selwyn Froggitt, and also had a minor role in BBC soap EastEnders playing Linda Clarke, the mother of Jane Beale. Other appearances included Doctor Who, Last Of The Summer Wine and Dinner Ladies. In 2011, Baron scored a Bafta nomination for her role in The Road To Coronation Street on BBC Four, a one-off drama about the early days of the ITV soap, in which she played actress Violet Carson, who famously portrayed Ena Sharples in the long-running series. The actress reflected on her career in 2020, and told the Sunday Post: ‘I loved playing Nurse Gladys and Auntie Mabel but I couldn’t name my favourite of the different characters I have played. ‘Partly that is because I am really the sort of person who prefers to look ahead and think about what I am doing now and, importantly, what I am going to do next.’ She added now poignantly: ‘I have been an actress for a long time now and I hope to go on for quite a while yet. It is hard to imagine a life when I would not be an actress.’ Baron married John M Lee in 1966 and they went on to have two children, Sarah and Morgan. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ed Sheeran denies claims he ‘borrows’ from other songwriters as he appears in witness box during High Court plagiarism case MORE : How Tom Allen plans to entice Leonardo DiCaprio into an interview at Baftas 