Wednesday is back with us, and we’re here with all the guidance you need to storm through the middle of the week. Time to gather inspiration, Aries. Cancer, keep focused on what you need to achieve. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, March 30, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 The current focus can leave you upbeat and eager to shift attention to what’s new and exciting. Even so, with the Moon and Jupiter linking to Neptune, you could feel sensitive around romance and inclined to go with the flow. Excited about an idea? This is a time to gather inspiration. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 If a friend seems to wander in and out of your life, depending on their mood, the days ahead could find them keen to get back in touch. Now, though, you may be engaged with promising plans. Soon you may need to leave your comfort zone and make a move. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 An idea could take up a lot of time so be sure it’s worth it. You may be invested in it, which might be even more reason to make sure it’s good. On a lighter note, the presence of sweet Venus in your sector of far horizons might coincide with an encounter that inspires you to make new discoveries. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 With the Moon forging a dreamy merger, you may find it hard to concentrate on anything. Your mind can be transported to another time and place, where life is beautiful and unfolds exactly as you want it to. Yet you could be ready to make some major changes. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 You may be drawn to reflect on experiences that have shaped your life, even if they were challenging. Can’t remember the original events? Try accepting the feelings you have about such matters now. Rather than digging into your memories, this could bring the peace you crave. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Activities today may not be anything major but filled with joy in the little things. Walking in beautiful surroundings can give an appreciation of how much there is to be grateful for. While your mind might be very active concerning your latest project, it’s good for you to ease up sometimes. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 As well as bringing new friendships, the present picture might encourage you to be more flirtatious. A romantic flame may be lit, which could burn brightly over coming weeks. Excited about a creative project? If you feel like showcasing your work, this is one of the better times to do so. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 As the Moon forges a harmonious aspect with Neptune, you’ll know what’s going through someone’s mind. Your sensitivity can kick in and you’ll have a better understanding of their motives. And if there is a hint of romance involved, things could take a deeper turn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Ready to enjoy yourself? A lively focus suggests you could get swept up in a whirl of activities. Missed an opportunity to connect with a good friend? With Mercury in a convivial zone they might call you out of the blue. Seeing them again can bring fresh possibilities into the mix. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 The Moon and its tie to Neptune can bring on a desire for some downtime and a chance to unwind. If you’re busy then half an hour here or there to recuperate might well do you the world of good. Think pampering session or a chance for a long chat with a good friend. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 An outing could boost morale if it enables you to link up with someone you cherish. Someone you’ve meant to connect with might call unexpectedly. A lunar tie to Neptune suggests that you may be rather too generous when it comes to paying for things, though. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Words can have power, as Mercury in Aries encourages you to voice your views about money. Sometimes you need to draw a line and make your feelings known, as this is the only way to resolve things. If someone needs a shoulder to cry on, you’ll be there for them. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness