Think your houseplant obsession is getting a bit out of hand, simply because you’ve got a couple of monsteras? You haven’t seen anything yet. Jonny Balchandani, 34, puts our plant-buying habits into perspective, having spent £20,000 filling his home with greenery. Jonny’s five-bedroom house in Castlemorton, Malvern, is home to at least 3,000 plants, bought from all around the world. Many of those plants were on the pricey side of things. One rare monstera adansonii variegated plant cost Jonny £850 alone. Jonny, a marketing director by day, said: ‘As I was growing up, my mother had a mixture of outdoor and indoor plants and was passionate about gardening so I’ve always been surrounded by nature. ‘The hallway and two of the rooms are now filled to the brim with plants.’ ‘I source plants from sellers and growers internationally; there are quite a few from Indonesia and South America.’ The dad’s love of plants means that his partner Charlotte, 33, and children Phoenix, three, and Talulah, two, get to live inside their own mini jungle. And Jonny has no plans to slow down his greenery buying habit – even if the vines do start to take over his life. ‘Day to day, I’ll spend a couple of hours spraying the plants down with pesticides, check the humidity levels, check the propagations in the green house, take off dead leaves, and just general maintenance,’ he said. ‘The jungle is continuing to grow every week! ‘I’m hoping to build an extension that is a greenhouse so I can store even more plants.’ Thankfully, Charlotte isn’t a plant-hater – but admits she did find Jonny’s collection a tad overwhelming at first. Jonny hopes to continue building his collection… and pass it down to his kids one day. ‘The collection is worth a lot of money and I can’t look after it forever so I’d love for [my kids] to take over and have the same passion that I do,’ he said. ‘My favourite plant in the collection has to be the Florida Ghost plant.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Don’t throw away your Covid tests – use them for your plants instead MORE : These hacks will keep your houseplants alive, for less MORE : Photos show what to look out for to check if these popular houseplants are dying