A new trailer for The Kardashians is here and it’s just as explosive as we all hoped, giving us snippets of Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson’s blossoming romance and Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker’s quest to have a baby. Although Keeping Up With The Kardashians came to an end on E! in June last year, it was announced that the famous family would soon be back on TV screens after a new contract with Disney-owned streaming site Hulu was signed. With just a matter of weeks standing in the way of the new reality show’s debut, a juicy two-minute teaser has arrived and it looks like we’re all going to be seeing a ‘new side’ to the Kardashians. ‘We’ve had so much time off we’ve kind of gone into our own worlds,’ Kim tells the camera. ‘I’m excited for this new chapter. ‘I’ve been in this game long enough to know you just have to be yourself.’ Viewers are given a cheeky insight into the early days of Kim and Pete’s relationship, with matriarch Kris Jenner exclaiming: ‘This is a relationship that I don’t think anybody saw coming!’ But while the family has been rocked by Kim’s bombshell romance, Kourtney and Travis are busy exploring their options of having a baby together. The Blink 182 rocker, 46, and reality star, 42, were engaged in October last year, with Travis going all-out with a ridiculously romantic proposal, and now it looks like they’ll be hoping to expand their brood. ‘Travis and I want to have a baby,’ Kourtney is heard saying. Kourtney has three children with her ex, Scott Disick, Mason, 12, Penelope, nine, and Reign, seven. Travis has two children with his ex, Shanna Moakler, Landon, 18, and Alabama, 16. Meanwhile, the youngest of the sisters, Kylie Jenner, 21, expresses that her pregnancy has been ‘really public this time’ and is seen being pursued by the paparazzi. Elsewhere, Khloe Kardashian explains she is working through her ‘complicated’ relationship with Tristan Thompson, with whom she shares daughter, True. Of course, there’s also going to be some discussion surrounding Kim’s ex-husband Kanye West. ‘It is really hard with Kanye,’ she admits. ‘He told me my career is over.’ ‘Why are we always making excuses for the people who traumatise us?’ Khloe then asks. Louder for the people at the back, Khloe. Last week, Kim teased that fans would see the details of her romance with Pete when the Kardashian’s new reality show airs. In an interview with Variety, the 41 businesswoman, revealed that although the Saturday Night Live comedian, 28, will not physically feature in the first series of the new show, viewers will find out ‘how we met, and who reached out to who and how it happened and all the details that everyone wants to know’. The pair first sparked dating rumours during an episode of American comedy show Saturday Night Live in October 2021 and since then have frequently been spotted together, but have kept the details of their relationship under wraps. Kardashian also said that viewers will get an insight into her relationship with her ex, Kayne as he features in the first episode of the new show. Despite growing tensions between the couple, Kim confirmed that she will not speak negatively about the father of her four children on the show. ‘Being in the public eye and having disagreements publicly is never easy,’ she told the publication. ‘But I do believe in handling it all privately. I believe in championing publicly and criticising privately. I don’t think I would ever criticise the father of my children on my TV show. ‘That’s just not really what I’m about, and I just don’t think that would ever make me feel good. The Kardashians premieres April 14 on @hulu in the US and Disney+ in the UK. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 