Everton’s Premier League clash with Newcastle United was interrupted on Thursday night when a protestor tied himself to a goalpost by his neck. At the start of the second half, a man wearing a T-shirt that read ‘Just Stop Oil’ ran onto the pitch and attached himself to the post with a cable tie, causing the match to be paused for around seven minutes. Club ground staff had to get a pair of bolt cutters in order to remove the protestor, who then turned his body limp and refused to leave the pitch. That prompted one Everton supporter to run onto the pitch to try and hit the protestor in a misguided attempt to speed things up, but that only created a second incident as he was escorted away by stewards and he appeared furious that he was not allowed to return to his seat. The protestor was eventually carried off by four policeman but was heckled and jeered as he was taken around the Goodison Park pitch, with bottles even thrown at him. According to the Just Stop Oil twitter account, the protestor was a 21-year-old named Louis who said of his decision to chain himself to the goalpost: ‘It’s 2022 and it’s time to look up, time to step up and not stand by. It’s time to act like it’s an emergency. ‘Report after report is telling me that my future is going to be dire, and my government is telling me not to worry and pay into a pension. ‘But we have a choice. We can choose to highlight that our climate is breaking down, we can choose to resist this government that is betraying us, we can choose to step up and not stand by.’ It is the second such incident the Premier League has witnessed in the space of just 24 hours, with another Just Stop Oil protestor trying a similar stunt during Arsenal’s clash with Liverpool on Wednesday. In that instance, the protestor ran onto the pitch and simply cupped his arms around the goalpost, with no handcuffs or cable ties involved, and he was immediately removed by stewards with minimal interference to the match. Everton, meanwhile, were reduced to 10 men on Thursday night when Allan was sent off late on but found a 99th-minute winner through Alex Iwobi to boost their survival hopes. MORE : Everton at risk of a Premier League points deduction due to financial losses MORE : Gary Neville backs Manchester United to beat Arsenal to Premier League top-four finish For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 