Rihanna undeniably stole the show at Jay-Z’s star-studded Oscars 2022 afterparty, as she exhibited her blossoming baby bump. The pregnant superstar, 34, looked incredible as she exited her car and headed into the event at the famed Chateau Marmont. The Umbrella and Rude Boy hitmaker wore a floor-length black sequined gown, alongside large circular hooped earrings. The top of the dress was sheer and underneath it she wore a bandeau-style black top. She accessorised her look with black gloves, high-heeled black shoes, smoky eye make-up, and a stylish, heavily-lined lip. A host of other stars were present at the event, including rapper Saweetie who wowed in a barely-there cut out dress; Jay Z’s wife Beyonce who looked radiant in an all-yellow outfit; and Kim and Khloe Kardashian. Earlier this month, the 52-year-old Empire State of Mind rapper came under fire for choosing the Chateau Marmont as the location for the after-party. Bosses have been mired in controversy amid allegations of racial discrimination and harassment by some workers and celebrity guests over the years. While over 200 members of staff were reportedly fired without insurance or severance due to the global pandemic. Kurt Petersen, co-president of Unite Here Local 11, told Hollywood Reporter in a statement: ‘For Jay-Z to choose the Chateau Marmont for their Gold Party is shockingly insensitive. ‘They must move their event and choose an afterparty hot spot that treats its workers, especially Black women, with dignity and respect. Jay Z has a responsibility to do better. ‘We hope Jay Z joins Gabrielle Union, Spike Lee, Issa Rae, Robin Thede, Quinta Brunson, Ta-Nehisi Coates, Roxane Gay, Ashley Nicole Black and Samira Wiley in boycotting Chateau Marmont.’ Elsewhere, Beyonce opened this year’s Oscars with an absolute bang. After landing her first ever nomination, for best original song, the mother-of-one took things into her own hands, by batting away a traditional stage performance and instead taking over a tennis court in Compton. MORE : Sophie Turner appears to confirm pregnancy in stunning red dress at Vanity Fair Oscars party alongside husband Joe Jonas MORE : Jimmy Kimmel applauds ‘very funny’ Oscars hosts Amy Schumer, Wanda Sykes and Regina Hall after Will Smith and Chris Rock ‘unpleasantness’ 