Joe Wicks has revealed he and wife Rosie Jones are expecting their third child together with a sweet post on Instagram. The Body Coach, 36, and Rosie are already parents to Indigo, three, and two-year-old Marley, and shared their joy to add another brother or sister to the mix. Sharing a photo of the pair of them beaming with joy as they held up their baby scan photos, Joe told his followers: ‘I’ve been sooo excited to share this news, we are having another baby. ‘Indie and Marley are super excited about having a little brother or sister. We can’t wait to welcome them into the world in September. ‘Love you Rosie. Thank you for making me the happiest Dad in the world.’ Joe’s comments were immediately flooded with well-wishes from friends and fans, with actor Sam Claflin writing: ‘Oh this makes me sooooo happy. Congrats you two. Sending so much love x.’ Olympian Mo Farah added: ‘Congrats’ while YouTuber Alfie Deyes wrote: ‘Congratulations! I couldn’t be happier for you & the family.’ Rochelle Humes wrote: ‘Congratulations to you both, lovely news’, Jamie Oliver added: ‘amazing congratulations’ and Gaby Roslin commented: ‘Huge congratulations, loads of love to you all.’ Joe previously revealed that he and Rosie want ‘four kids, minimum’ as they love being parents to their growing brood. He also told the Loose Women panel in 2020: ‘I do want a big family. I tell you what though, the reality when you have two kids and you realise how challenging it is. ‘I do respect and admire people who have five, six, seven kids – I think, “How do they do it?” Not at the moment, but definitely in the future we’ll be having more kids together. Rosie is up for it. ‘She loves being a mum. She’s said she’s always wanted a big family. I do like the chaos. ‘This is the only room in the house that is clean and tidy. Everything else is chaos, there’s toys everywhere! This is my studio. But we will have a big family in the future.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Louis Theroux on porn, rap and the far right – and his (unrelated) Joe Wicks collaboration MORE : Joe Wicks looks super fresh-faced in stint on game show years before finding fame as the Body Coach 