Retired Ukrainian tennis player Sergiy Stakhovsky has revealed Novak Djokovic’s offer of help following Russia’s invasion. The 36-year-old, who announced his retirement from his playing career in January, has left his wife and children in Hungary to take up arms in Kyiv. After joining Ukraine’s reserve forces last week, Stakhovsky revealed that Djokovic had already got in touch to offer his assistance, but claimed both Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal had not replied to his message. ‘I also tried to contact Federer and Nadal but without success,’ Stakhovsky said. ‘I am sorry that you prefer to remain silent, although I understand them. It’s not their war.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Stakhovsky has now revealed the WhatsApp messages he has received from Djokovic, which read: ‘Stako, how are you man? Are you on the field? ‘Thinking of you, hoping all calms down soon. ‘Please let me know what would be the best address to send help, financial help, any other help as well.’ In a separate interview, Stakhovsky revealed the heartbreaking moment he said goodbye to his family before he travelled to Kyiv. ‘We flew to Budapest and I kissed the kids goodbye. My wife knew I’d made a decision that she’s not gonna like and she was upset,’ Stakhovsky told Sky News. ‘The little one, who is a daddy’s boy, asked where I was going and I told him I’m just going to the garage and then I left. ‘I crossed the border and I was the only one going the other way. There was a big queue of families, women and kids trying to escape. ‘It was a tough journey but it was inspiring. While we were travelling we drove through a lot of cities and we saw the level of enthusiasm and motivation from people. ‘They were blocking roads leading to villages, making barricades, getting out their hunting guns, making checkpoints. ‘The whole nation is so extremely motivated to fight this off. It’s insane what Russia is doing.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 