A boy racer killed ‘the love of his life’ in a horrific crash with a lorry as he showed off to his friends, a court has heard. Cameron Holdsworth, 24, and his girlfriend Hannah Inman, 21, both ‘loved the car scene’ and were members of the Total Chaos car group. In an industrial estate in Blyth, Northumberland, the couple took part in a race in a Skoda Fabia, which had been significantly modified to disable its safety systems and make it faster. Newcastle Crown Court heard Holdsworth was driving at almost twice the 30mph speed limit when he drove across a corner into the path of an oncoming lorry, causing fatal injuries to his partner. In a victim impact statement, Hannah’s mum Stephanie White described her as ‘beautiful, funny, kind, caring, bubbly girl’, adding that ‘a part of me died’ on the night her daughter died. Asking for leniency for Holdsworth, she said: ‘Her love of the car scene did worry me but she was an adult and the car scene brought so much joy to her and was a big part of her life and also Cameron’s.’ Ms White added the ‘pain in my heart never stops’ and that she ‘would give anything just to hold her one more time’. Hannah’s wider family also released a statement paying tribute to their ‘shining star’ who will always be ‘missed and loved by many’. Witnesses told police that Holdsworth had been driving fast and spinning the modified car in circles earlier in the evening in October 2019. CCTV footage also showed him speeding at 56mph on streets around the estate. In mitigation, Steven Reed said his actions will have a massive psychological impact on him. He said the couple had been together for four-and-a-half years and planned to have children. Mr Reed said: ‘This has had a devastating impact on him and will for the rest of his life. He described Hannah as the love of his life. He has genuine remorse.’ Sergeant Dave Roberts condemned Holdsworth’s actions, saying the incident should act as a serious reminder of the potential consequences of driving irresponsibly and at excess speed. ‘No sentence today could have taken away the pain and anguish that Hannah’s family have felt ever since this terrible incident,’ he said. ‘A young woman with everything to live for needlessly lost her life and had her future taken away from her.’ Holdsworth, from Fishburn, County Durham, pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving and was jailed for seven years. He was also handed a five-year driving disqualification. Judge Christopher Prince stressed that no sentence any court can pass in a case such as this can ‘ever reflect the tragedy’. He added: ‘You drove at nearly twice the speed fully aware that there might be a vehicle come around that corner. ‘That risk did not pay off. As you went across, the lorry came around and you struck it. ‘This was not just a deliberate decision or flagrant disregard for the rules of the road, and an apparent disregard for the great danger it caused to others, this was premeditated offence of that type. ‘You decided to drive in that way because that is what you enjoyed doing. You enjoyed driving at speed. You enjoyed showing off to people.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.