Naomi Campbell, Helena Christensen, Amber Valletta and Cindy Crawford reunited in the most stylish way possible as they hit the catwalk for the Off-White show in France. The fashion favorites – dubbed the original supermodels – reclaimed their rightful spots on the runway together at Paris Fashion Week, in honor of late founder Virgil Abloh. Proving that they can still storm a catwalk, not that there was any doubt, they showed off the stunning designs in front of a star-studded crowd. New mom Campbell opted for a floor-length black blazer and top hat, coupled with patterned blue trousers and a bejewelled layered necklace. Crawford, who was joined at the show by daughter Kaia Gerber,  donned a ruffled grey layered skirt, adding a blazer emblazoned with a varsity logo. Christensen got the blazer memo, pairing hers with a yellow and pink floor-length sheer gown. While Valletta rocked an embellished white and pink gown, teamed with oversized link necklaces and strappy heels. The OGs shared the space with Kendall Jenner, and Bella and Gigi Hadid, as they all came together to remember designer Abloh, who died in November. Tennis ace Serena Williams also took a turn around the runway, with Rihanna, A$AP Rocky and Pharrell Williams leading A-Listers in the crowd. The catwalk event on Monday was the first Off-White runway show following Abloh’s death at the age of 41, following a two-year battle with cancer. His family shared a lengthy statement on Instagram to confirm his death last November. ‘We are devastated to announce the passing of our beloved Virgil Abloh, a fiercely devoted father, husband, son, brother, and friend,’ it read. ‘For over two years, Virgil valiantly battled a rare, aggressive form of cancer, cardiac angiosarcoma. ‘He chose to endure his battle privately since his diagnosis in 2019, undergoing numerous challenging treatments, all while helming several significant institutions that span fashion, art, and culture. ‘Through it all, his work ethic, infinite curiosity, and optimism never wavered. Virgil was driven by his dedication to his craft and to his mission to open doors for others and create pathways for greater equality in art and design. ‘We thank you all for your love and support, and we ask for privacy as we grieve and celebrate Virgil’s life. Virgil Abloh. September 30, 1980 – November 28, 2021.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Michael Owen’s daughter Gemma, 18, poses in one-piece after launching swimwear brand: ‘Pretty damn proud of my daughter’ MORE : Chesney Hawkes wants Adele to record one of his tracks: ‘I’ve got some songs for you!’ 