Holly Willoughby is to be replaced by Alison Hammond, Josie Gibson or Rochelle Humes on This Morning this week while she recovers from Covid, reports claim. The 41-year-old presenter tested positive for the virus on Sunday, forcing her to miss the Dancing On Ice semi-finals, which she hosts alongside Phillip Schofield. Instead, Phillip fronted the latest episode of the ITV competition show solo, with BMX Olympic medal winner Kye Whyte and The Vamps singer Connor Ball both knocked out in the skate-off. Phillip wished his friend and co-host Holly well at the start of Sunday night’s programme. ‘As you can see, Holly isn’t here tonight,’ he said. ‘We found out just a few hours ago that she’s tested positive for Covid. ‘I know what it’s like to watch this show from home. It is really weird. Holly, get well soon. Lots of love.’ A Dancing On Ice spokesperson previously said: ‘Unfortunately, Holly Willoughby is unable to host tonight’s show after testing positive for Covid-19. We look forward to Holly returning for the Dancing on Ice Live Final.’ The Dancing On Ice final will take place in two weeks, with Pussycat Dolls star Kimberly Wyatt, ballroom professional Brendan Cole and performer Regan Gascoigne fighting for the crown. Phillip previously tested for Covid at the end of January, forcing him to miss This Morning and Dancing On Ice presenting duties. Upon his return to This Morning, he admitted he had binge-watched over 80 hours of Disney drama This Is Us and also had time to watch Netflix’s The Tinder Swindler during his self-isolation. ‘You realise I am now fully antibodied up? You could lick my face… I am bullet-proof for 90 days, allegedly,’ he told Holly. ‘We should point out if you don’t know any of this conversation, ages ago, months ago, Holly said when we can finally sit together I am going to lick your face. ‘I have missed you, missed this, missed telly, I’ve missed everything. “I have cleaned every single cupboard in the kitchen, I have binged on stuff I haven’t had time to watch, The Tinder Swindler, and the other one Don’t Mess With Cats, not what it’s called, This Is Us what a discovery.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted ITV for comment. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 