Russian tennis star Anna Kalinskaya sent a powerful message in her latest Indian Wells match by opting to wear trainers with the words ‘no war’ on them. The world No. 90 booked her spot in the second round of the BNP Paribas Open after her opponent Harmony Tan retired mid-match, giving Kalinskaya a 6-2, 1-0 win. But Kalinskaya’s efforts on the court came second to the message she sent out to the world and her own country with her trainers branding a ‘no war’ message. The 23-year-old posted on her Instagram last week calling for peace following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and is continuing to use her status to promote anti-war messages. Russian and Belarusian athletes have been allowed to compete at Indian Wells and future tournaments under a neutral banner as part of sanctions handed out by the International Tennis Federation. Kalinskaya isn’t the only tennis player from the aforementioned countries calling for peace – Aryna Sabalenka of Belarus is the top seed in the women’s singles at Indian Wells. ‘I feel really sad and really bad about Ukrainian citizens who lost their homes in the war,’ she said. ‘But unfortunately it’s not under my control. I just hope for peace. ‘At least we can play. I do understand [why she can’t play under the Belarusian flag], but it’s not under our control. We also feel really sad and really bad about this situation.’ In other news, Andy Murray recently announced he’d teamed up with charity UNICEF to help Ukrainian children impacted by the war and will donate all his prize money earned throughout 2022. Murray tweeted: ‘Over 7.5m children are at risk with the escalating conflict in Ukraine, so I’m working with @UNICEF_uk to help provide urgent medical supplies and early childhood development kits. ‘It’s vital education continues, so UNICEF is working to enable access to learning for displaced children, as well as supporting the rehabilitation of damaged schools, together with replacement equipment and furniture. ‘I’m going to be donating my earnings from my prize money for the rest of the year, but anyone in the UK can support UNICEF’s humanitarian response by donating to our appeal by following this link – https://unicef.uk/am_ukraine ‘Children in Ukraine need peace – now.’ MORE : Ukrainian tennis star Elina Svitolina speaks out after thrashing Russian rival: ‘I was on a mission for my country’ MORE : Russian tennis star Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova in ‘fear’ after criticising Ukraine invasion For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 