Barbie has worked in recent years to become more inclusive. Diversifying its dolls has seen a greater range in skin tones, body shapes and abilities introduced to the Barbie world. Now for International Women’s Day, the toy brand has unveiled a one-of-a-kind doll modelled off Dame Pat McGrath, a celebrity makeup artist with a bestselling self-named makeup brand. She’s been immortalised as a Barbie Role Model with the toy created in herlikeness, alongside luminaries including Shonda Rhimes, Ari Horie and Tijen Onaran. These ‘Female Founders’ are business leaders that Barbie creators hope will inspire the next generation of female entrepreneurs. Pat McGrath has been a key industry player in the beauty and fashion space for over 25 years, and in 2020 was awarded a Damehood for her services to this sector and diversity. This made her the first makeup artist ever to receive this recognition. Pat said: ‘It is an honour having a Barbie in my likeness and I would be so happy if it in any way inspires anyone to follow their dreams and believe that with hard work, creativity and perseverance, everything is possible. ‘I want my legacy to be one of change and positivity. ‘I am excited that young people might see my doll and believe that a love of makeup and creativity can lead to your dreams coming true.’ This International Women’s Day, Mattel will work with Inspiring Girls International, a non-profit that helps young girls meet their aspirations and to aim high. They’re calling this the ‘dream gap’, and are focusing on the time in girls’ lives when they’re likely to develop self-limiting beliefs. According to research, from the age of eight, girls are more likely to experience key challenges in becoming leaders, including worries around risk and gender stereotypes. Seeing female role models helped to undo this, with more girls taking on leadership roles in group tasks. Lisa McKnight, SVP and Global Head of Barbie and Dolls, says: ‘We know that children are inspired by what they see around them, which is why it’s so important for young girls to see themselves reflected in role models who’ve daringly pushed past roadblocks and overcome the Dream Gap to become the brave women they are today. ‘Ahead of this International Women’s Day, we’re proud to honor 12 global trailblazing women to help empower the next generation of female leaders by sharing their stories.’ Pat’s Barbie wears her signature backstage ‘work uniform’, comprising of a black headband, black outfit and brush kit. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : You can hire a human-sized Barbie beach house to live out your childhood fantasies MORE : Barbie releases dolls made from recycled plastic that would have ended up in the ocean MORE : The products makeup artists were actually using backstage at London Fashion Week