Thick black smoke can be seen over the City of London as a huge fire burns at a tower block. Footage shows flames coming from one of the upper floors of the Crawford Building – also known as the Relay Building, on Whitechapel High Street. It is not yet known what caused the blaze or if anyone inside has been hurt. A number of people in the 22-storey block of 207 flats and offices will have been left homeless. At least 33 calls have been made over the inferno in Aldgate, as bystanders reported panes of glass falling hundreds of feet onto the ground beneath. Eyewitness Owen Willis told the Mirror: ‘We can see a row of windows blown out with fire burning on the ceilings still. ‘It’s very windy so it looks like the smoke and flames are blowing all over the place.’ The fire is thought to have broken out shortly before 4pm. At around 4.50pm a Tower Hamlets Enforcement Officer told MyLondon he believes everyone had been evacuated. Lynn Ling, a student at the London School of Economics who lives on the 20th floor, described the incident as being ‘very scary’. She said a friend sent her a message on social media about the fire and that she ran outside without her coat in fright. ‘I did not hear an alarm. I think there was a fire alarm on the ground floor but I could not hear it clearly on the 20th,’ said Lynn. ‘I went out of my door, but I found there was smoke in the corridor so I went downstairs.’ The lower floors of the building are offices, while the upper levels, where the fire has broken out, are residential. More than 125 firefighters and 20 firefighters have been rushed in to tackle the blaze, as the London Fire Brigade urges people to stay clear of the area. The London Ambulance Service is also at the scene, and said in a statement: ‘We are responding to a fire on #Whitechapel High Street with our emergency service colleagues. ‘If you are in the local area, please try and stay indoors and keep windows and doors closed. More updates to follow.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.