The Queen is continuing to scale back her diary after it was announced she would miss the Commonwealth Day service. It is the first time in nearly a decade that the 95-year-old monarch has missed the event – the last time she missed the event was because she had suspected food poisoning. Buckingham Palace has not officially commented, but some senior aides have now accepted that Her Majesty may not be able to carry out some major public engagements ever again. A source said: ‘The Queen is still as alert, able and interested as ever but, physically, she isn’t as strong as she once was, which is entirely understandable for a woman of her age.’ ‘The Royal Family understands the important role investitures play in recognising service and celebrating people’s contribution to society and there has been a real drive to catch up on the backlog created by Covid restrictions. ‘The Prince of Wales, Princess Royal and Duke of Cambridge have been leading the charge.’ The source told the Daily Mail: ‘It’s easy to envisage that they will continue in that vein but I wouldn’t rule out Her Majesty doing smaller or one-off investitures.’ Despite saying the ‘frailties that come with living a long life’ are catching up with her, the source stressed she is not unwell and is ‘as committed to her duties of state as ever’. It is understand the Queen will still attend public events where possible, but her appearances will be significantly shortened. This means standing on her feet for hour-long public investitures – awarding honours – may be difficult so they are more likely to be carried out by Prince Charles, Prince William or Princess Anne instead. It comes after the Queen pulled out of today’s Commonwealth Day service, which is due to be held at Westminster Abbey. The service would have been the Queen’s first major public appearance since reaching her Platinum Jubilee milestone. Instead she has asked Charles, the Prince of Wales, to represent her instead. Her Majesty has suffered a strong of health issues since last autumn and has been seen with a walking stick more often. She is understood to be ‘regretful’ to miss the service but wishes to ‘pace herself’ in public so she can attend a service of thanksgiving to honour her husband Prince Philip, who died almost a year ago, on March 29. The Queen caught Covid-19 last month and has since recovered, holding a meeting with Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau at Windsor Castle last week. Mr Trudeau and other sources have said she was in good health and was not using her walking stick. Another source confirmed she appeared to be ‘bright, alert and walking relatively unencumbered’ after seeing her at Sandringham last month. But insiders say the Queen has ‘good days and less good days, as you would expect’ due to her age. This is causing concern regarding how many of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations she may be able to attend, which is taking place at the beginning of June. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.