Is it time to put your sponge and washing liquid away? Maybe, because a new cleaning hack can leave your oven door squeaky-clean and grease-free in seconds. Popular ‘home hack’ queen and mum-of-two has revealed the magic product to clean her oven door in seconds. Carolina McCauley, from Perth, uses a Black + Decker Power Scrubber to remove grime from her glass oven door. It’s a handheld scrubber that can conveniently fit into tight spaces and difficult nooks. The company – Black + Deck – is known for selling a range of household gadgets to make tedious chores a lot easier. The Power Scrubber is battery powered and comes with two long-lasting pads for people to use while cleaning. Oven cleaning hacks have been doing the rounds on the internet for a long time. For instance, a renter previously recommended soaking oven wire racks in a bath of hot water with three dishwasher tablets. Another woman shared an oven hack with just tin foil and a £1 cleaning paste – which led to a grime-free oven in no time. However, Carolina’s oven hack is on another level – with a genius scrubber that can leave your oven faster than you can say ‘squeaky-clean.’ To clean her oven door, Carolina attached one of the scrub pads to the power scrubber and used The Pink Stuff cleaning paste. She then turned the Power Scrubber on, letting it work its magic into the glass door, circulating the cleaning paste over the area. ‘I’m not going to lie, this makes cleaning so much easier,’ Carolina writes on her Tik Tok video. After the glass screen went through a vigorous scrub, she wiped the paste off with a hand towel to reveal a sparkling, clean and streak-free door. What makes it easier is that it’s a cordless device, so there’s no danger of getting tangled or unable to reach hard-to-clean areas. Carolina was shocked to see just how well the scrubber worked and posted the results to TikTok, where viewers shared how impressed they were. ‘I need this cleaner! Looks so convenient for cleaning all around the house,’ a follower writes, while another viewer says that they’re ‘adding to [their] Amazon cart asap!’ A third viewer says they already have the super-scrubber, and describes it as a ‘helpful item to clean with.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Renter shares genius hack for cleaning filthy oven racks MORE : Could conscious cleaning help you learn to love giving your home a scrub? MORE : Savvy mum saves £1,200 transforming her kitchen, spending just £279