Dua Lipa is reportedly facing a lawsuit from a band who claim her hit 2020 single Levitating ‘rips off their 2017 song’. Artikal Sound System are seeking to claim profits from Dua’s track, and have alleged Levitating is a carbon copy of their reggae single Live Your Life, in the lawsuit filed in Los Angeles federal court. The band have also named Dua’s label Warner Records and others as defendants in the suit and are seeking any profits made on the song – which spent an impressive 68 weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 songs chart and was the No. 1 Hot 100 song of 2021 – plus damages. While Dua, 26, nor her team is yet to publicly comment on the claims, according to Billboard the filing contains claims of copyright infringement, but little detail about how or why Lipa allegedly copied the song. It was alleged the two tracks were so similar that it was ‘highly unlikely that Levitating was created independently’. Dua released her last album, Future Nostalgia, in 2020 but the award-winning star previously shared she never anticipated that Levitating would become such a big hit (which was mostly due to its popularity on TikTok and Instagram over the pandemic).  She said on The Journal podcast: ‘Well, when we made Levitating, the day that we made levitating, we knew it was special and we knew it was special because it just gave us a really great feeling. And it was also the song where I was like, “Okay, now I have an idea of what Future Nostalgia actually is.” ‘It was the first song that really helped me dictate what the other songs were going to sound like and things started to take shape once I had Levitating.’ The star – who allegedly parted ways with her longtime management firm recently – is currently touring around the world for her Future Nostalgia Tour and performed in Madison Square Garden on Tuesday night. Wearing a Balenciaga yellow lace flower embroidered outfit, which had built-in boots, which is always handy, the singer owned the stage in New York City as she finally cracked on with the tour that had previously been postponed due to the Covid pandemic. As well as the tour, the One Kiss hitmaker recently revealed that she has been working on her new album and already has a ‘vision’ and a name for the record. She told the Wall Street Journal: ‘I’ve done a big chunk of writing: It’s starting to take shape; I’ve got a lot of it recorded. ‘It has a vision. It has a name, I think – for now. It’s just been fun experimenting. I’m always going to make pop music, but it has its own unique sound, which is exciting and something that feels like a movement from ‘Future Nostalgia’. ‘It’s still in baby form, so we’ll see as it progresses. In all honesty, it’s probably not what my fans want to hear, but I’m in no rush.’ Metro.co.uk contacted Dua’s reps for comment. MORE : Lady Gaga, Dua Lipa and Alan Carr lead shortlist for British LGBT Awards 2022 MORE : Dua Lipa and Anwar Hadid ‘taking a break’ from their relationship after two years of dating Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.