Queen Elizabeth shed a tear for Prince Philip at a service in remembrance of his life of service to Britain today. Prince Charles was also visibly overcome with emotion and wiped his eyes as his father’s life was honoured at a special mass in Westminster Abbey. The pair sat side by side at the poignant ceremony- the Queen’s first major official engagement outside one of her homes for nearly six months. The monarch has only attended one major event with the public since her stay in hospital last October due to health concerns.  The ailing Queen is said to be suffering from mobility issues but is ‘too proud’ to be seen with a wheelchair in public. It is understood that the final decision on her attendance at today’s event was only made first thing this morning, when Buckingham Palace confirmed it. There was some uncertainty over her ability to show up due to the long walk down the aisle to her seat. However, the Queen looked steady on her feet with the help of a walking stick. The 95-year-old monarch is said to have entered the historic church via the side entrance to shorten her walk. She was supported by her disgraced son Prince Andrew, who earlier this month paid millions to settle a US sex abuse case out of court. Andrew travelled from Windsor Castle to central London with his mother this morning, in what will be seen as a major signal of support from the monarch to her second son. As they walked through the famous Poets’ Corner towards her seat in the abbey, in a small procession, the monarch held onto her son’s elbow with her left hand and had a walking stick in her right. They walked at a slow but steady pace both looking ahead, and at the end of the aisle they separated – with Andrew giving a last glance to his mother as she turned right. Andrew had a front row seat in Westminster Abbey, sitting close to his other siblings and their families. Across an aisle on his right sat Ann the Princess Royal, Prince Charles and Camilla and the Queen. On his left sat his brother, the Earl of Wessex and Edward’s family, the Countess of Wessex and their children, Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. Prince George and Princess Charlotte also attended with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, and sat behind the Queen. Behind Andrew and Edward’s family sat Peter Phillips, and Zara and Mike Tindall and their daughters. The Queen, along with other senior members of the royal family, wore green in tribute to her husband of 73 years, who died last April. The Duck of Edinburgh’s official livery colour was dark green. Prince Harry and Prince William walked behind a green Land Rover carrying their grandfather’s coffin at his funeral last April. Ahead of the service, a small crowd of royal fans gathered outside Westminster Abbey to catch a glimpse of those attending. Hundreds of people including nearly 30 foreign royals, politicians and scores of representatives from Philip’s charities are gathering for the special thanksgiving service in honour of the country’s longest serving consort. Prime Minister Boris Johnson is among the guests, despite Downing Street being forced to apologise to the Queen last year about a gathering held on the eve of Prince Philip’s funeral. That funeral produced the moving image of the Queen sitting alone as she complied with Covid regulations while grieving her husband. The first fines over the ‘partygate scandal’ were issued as guests began arriving at Westminster Abbey today. It is a poignant occasion for the Queen to remember her husband among family and friends, after the limitations imposed on the duke’s funeral during the pandemic. The Duke of Edinburgh’s intellect, work ethic, sense of humour and devotion to his family were celebrated in a moving address by the Dean of Windsor. The Right Reverend David Conner paid tribute to Philip as a ‘remarkable man’ who was committed to ‘a host of down-to-earth enterprises’. He pointed out that the duke could be ‘abrupt’ and suggested that at times he could forget ‘just how intimidating he could be’. Addressing the congregation in Westminster Abbey, Mr Conner said: ‘He was practical, wanting to put flesh upon his dreams, and (acknowledging the limitations of living in this so-called ‘real world’) he devoted his astonishing intellectual and physical energy, his enormous capacity for sheer hard work, to a host of down-to-earth enterprises. ‘These included the equipping of young people to face tomorrow’s challenges, the encouragement of respect and care for the natural order, and his pioneering work in facilitating conversation between representatives of the different world faiths. ‘Through his passionate commitment, he drew others to himself in admiration and respect and, in the case of those who lived and worked most closely to him, genuine love.’ Concluding his address, the dean said: ‘As we give thanks for the life of a remarkable man, perhaps our greatest tribute to him, most especially in these far too troubled times, will be for us to accept the challenge, implicit in his life, to rekindle in our hearts something of that call, and to pray (as I think he did) for the inspiration and the guidance to play our part, however small, in working for a kinder future.’ The service allowed many of the duke’s wishes for his funeral to finally be fulfilled. In line with government guidelines at the time, there was no congregational singing at the funeral service for the Duke of Edinburgh in April 2021. Songs that had been chosen by Prince Philip before the pandemic were sung by the choir and congregation at the ceremony, including Te Deum in C by Benjamin Britten and Guide me, O thou great Redeemer. The service attended with the National Anthem. Before exiting the abbey, the Queen thanked those who spoke, including Duke of Edinburgh Gold Award holder, Doyin Sonibare and the clergy who took the service for her late husband. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.