A former Teacher of the Year was captured on video chasing and slapping a student apparently for wearing a hoodie sweater to class. Surveillance footage showed Jimtown High School civics teacher Mike Hosinski catching up with the student running down a hallway and then taking violent action. Hosinski is seen grabbing and spinning the unnamed student around until they are face-to-face, then slapping with such force that the child’s head hits the wall in the back. The clip from last Friday also shows the teacher dragging the student through the hall, causing the pupil to stumble and fall on the ground. Hoodies are not allowed at the school in Indiana. The student was injured and treated by medical staff, according to Baugo Community School Superintendent Byron Sanders. Hosinski, who was named Teacher of the Year in 2020 and had been instructing for four decades, was allowed to take an early retirement and kept his full pension, WNDU reported. Initial reports indicated that Hosinski was fired and banned from the campus, but the Baugo Community School Board provided a clarification on Monday. Parents were invited to express their concerns at a meeting, but no parent spoke out against Hosinski publicly. One parent said, ‘I still back Mike Hosinski’, after the video was released. Students earlier in the day staged a walkout to support Hosinski, whom they described as ‘laid back’. The incident is under investigation by the Elkhart County Sheriff’s Office and the Indiana Department of Child Services. School staff also reported it to the Indiana Department of Education. Hosinski could face criminal charges, opined South Bend attorney Peter Agostino, who does not have a role in the case. ‘It probably ranges from battery which is in consented touching,’ said Agostino. ‘Depending from there, how extensive the conduct was, how aggressive it was, could be viewed as some other attempt to inflict bodily injury.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.