Meet Dolly and Tiddles, a mother and daughter duo in need of a second chance at happiness. The cats are on the hunt for a forever home, but since arriving at the RSPCA Halifax centre, they haven’t received a single rehoming application. It’s not clear why this is. It might be down to the cats’ ages, as Dolly, the white and tortoiseshell cat, is nine years old, and her daughter Tiddles, the tabby and white cat, is eight. But, says Claire Kendall, animal centre manager at the shelter, ‘to these girls, age is just a number’ – so people shouldn’t let this put them off. The pair came into the centre after their owner could no longer care for them, and initially had some problems with their ears (that’s why Dolly has a rather adorable crinkled pair). After some TLC and dental work, they are now back to full health and ready to go home with a new family. They’re super sweet kitties who love to cuddle up together, and are best friends as well as being related. ‘We’re really not sure why these girls are being overlooked like this,’ said Claire. ‘They are playful and friendly and absolutely adore a fuss. ‘The duo are often found curled up in bed together, they’re really bonded so they need to be rehomed together.’ Dolly and Tiddles would like a home where they’ll be given time and space to settle in – especially Dolly, who’s a little shy. They’d like to be the only pets in the house and would benefit from having an owner who is around a lot of the time so they can get plenty of interaction – perhaps a mum and daughter who appreciate this special bond? They could live with older, ‘cat-savvy’ children and they would like to venture outside and explore so will need a home away from busy roads. If you reckon you could be the perfect match for Dolly and Tiddles, you should send a completed application form to enquiries@rspcahalifaxhuddersfieldbradford.org.uk. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Sensitive cat Gizmo has been waiting for a home for 281 days MORE : Man gives birth to son after surprise pregnancy MORE : RSPCA desperate to find homes for 60 baby gerbils after breeding got out of hand