Reckon you have the neighbours from hell? Think again… One mum has had her garden taken over by rats, which she claims are also responsible for the death of her dog. Nicola Green says her neighbours have used their garden in Nottinghamshire as an unofficial ‘dumping ground’ for months. The abandoned rubbish, which includes everything from used sanitary pads to mouldy food, soon attracted an army of rats. The rodents then began to burrow underneath the fences surrounding the property, and have invaded countless gardens on the street. They have also nibbled through sheds as they move between properties. Mum-of-two Nicola fears the death of her beloved Jack Russell, Jess, was down to the rats. The 14-year-old dog was put to sleep on New Year’s Eve following kidney failure. Nicola told the Daily Star: ‘She became really poorly about six weeks before and I think it’s because of the rats carrying diseases, so it’s made me so angry to think it led to that. ‘It all made me want to move house. My last resort before that would’ve been to stop paying rent until it was sorted – a few of us neighbours discussed that.’ Nicola, who works as a carer, doesn’t let her children out in the garden any more over fears they could be bitten. She has complained to her landlord and to the local council’s environmental health team. But she had to wait months for action, and submit video evidence of the rodents. A shocking video, taken by Nicola, shows mountains of rubbish piled up across her neighbour’s garden. Kids toys, a broken door and even shopping trolleys all litter the grass. In the footage, one rat peers out between plastic bags as another scurries across an abandoned mattress. Nicola, who lives in Ollerton, added: ‘They were chucking out everything – food, household waste, used sanitary towels – just anything you would put in a bin they were just chucking in the back garden. ‘I think there was a point when they put the recycling bin out but there were carrier bags in it which you’re not supposed to put in and because the bin men refused to empty it they just stopped putting the bins out.’ The landlord of the property finally cleared the garden of mess last week after pressure from the council. A spokesperson for Newark and Sherwood District Council said: ‘We have been made aware of the rat infestation and we’ve asked the housing association to look into it. ‘The responsibility lies with them but we do have powers to ensure they resolve the issue.’ A spokesperson for the housing association, Platform Housing, said that ultimately, customers’ enclosed gardens are their own responsibility. The spokesperson added: ‘Any issues should always be reported to the local authority who will send out pest control to survey the area and take action appropriately.’ Many Brits have faced an influx of rats throughout the pandemic, particularly during lockdowns. Rats had swarmed to residential food waste bins with local restaurants and cafes closed. And it’s not just rats causing turf wars between neighbours. Legal action has been launched in Swindon after neighbours lost patience with Lille Goddard. She had dumped an ‘eye-sore’ storage container and caravan in her garden space without planning permission. One neighbour said: ‘It’s a disgrace, she doesn’t care about anybody else in the street except for herself.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.