Five-year-old lurcher cross Bronco has a very different life before being rescued by the RSPCA. Now, however, he’s searching for a forever home with owners who won’t judge a book by its cover, after being overlooked by potential adopters due to facial scarring. Bronco came into the charity’s care as part of a joint operation with Cheshire Police, who were investigating a group of family members hunting wildlife with their dogs. RSPCA staff worked with police to execute warrants, leading to seven dogs being seized. Phones were also removed, revealing images and videos of ‘sickening’ attacks on wildlife. The conditions Bronco and the other dogs were living in were described by the vet who attended as ‘unhygienic’, and they were all assessed as having ‘scarring’ which was ‘commonly encountered when a dog has been fighting with another animal’. Although Bronco was removed from that situation, having been taken to the Felledge Animal Centre in County Durham, the scars he’s been left with have made finding a forever home difficult. Kennel supervisor Jo Dodds said: ‘Bronco is such a lovely boy and he spent a long time with us while his case went through courts. ‘Since he’s been available for rehoming we’ve sadly had no applications for him, even though he’s a beautiful boy, inside and out. ‘Sadly, we fear people are being put off by his scars and the fact he has to wear a muzzle when he’s out and about.’ Due to his previous life experiences Bronco has a strong chase instinct and therefore should be muzzled on walks. Jo added: ‘Bronco’s muzzle doesn’t prevent him from enjoying adventures and having fun on his walks but, sadly, there is a stigma around dogs who wear muzzles – and we fear this may be another reason why people aren’t applying to adopt him.’ He may have a past, but this loveable pet is a favourite among volunteers and staff at the rescue centre. They say he’s great at walking on a lead and gets on well with other dogs (despite sometimes needing a little reassurance around other males). Ideally, the RSPCA say they’d like to find him a home where he’ll be the only pet. Bronco will also need a secure garden with a large fence as he has a high chase instinct and is very athletic. He could live with secondary school-aged children. A fast learner, he knows lots of commands and loves his food, doing almost anything for a treat. Could you be the one to look past his scars and show him what a loving home is like? Check out his listing on the RSPCA website. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : I went over a year without buying any new clothes – I’ve sworn off fast fashion MORE : A third of young people actually felt happier in lockdown, says new study