Rihanna made one woman feel the burn when she was heckled for her lateness at Dior’s Paris Fashion Week show. The pregnant 34-year-old singer and her baby bump rocked up to the designer’s showcase at Paris’ Tuileries Gardens on Tuesday but, because this is Rihanna and she has prerogative, of course arrived fashionably late. In a clip shared on social media, the Wild Thoughts singer is seen sauntering through the event flanked by security guards and photographers who frantically snapped away to get the perfect shot of her baby bump, creating quite the frenzy. However, not everyone was impressed with Rihanna’s grand entrance, with one woman behind the camera stating and very clearly: ‘You’re late!’ Rihanna gracefully ignored the swipe at first but, upon the second heckle, casually turned around and hit back sarcastically: ‘No s**t,’ before finishing her scathing clap back with a cutting side-eye. Fans were highly amused at Rihanna’s response and cheered her on, with one joking: ‘Rihanna isn’t late, everyone else is early.’ Defending the singer, one fan said: ‘I mean she is pregnant (not using that as an excuse) but as a pregnant woman, we’re tired as hell lol.’ A particularly passionate Rihanna fan added: ‘Whomever it was that shouted “you’re late” was way out of line. Ppl need to mind their business, period. Did you see the look RiRi gave her. I loved it and her response. Like Rihanna can’t tell time. Haters man.’ Another supporter quipped: ‘She can do whatever she want shes a Billionaire she probably came from like 3 countries before she got there.’ Rihanna certainly stole the spotlight from the models on Dior’s catwalk, as she arrived donning her most daring pregnancy look yet, sporting a sheer mesh negligee with only her bra and a thong visible underneath. She finished off her risque look with a pair of black PVC boots. The We Found Love singer had another interesting encounter with a guest backstage at the fashion show, when Business of Fashion editor Tim Blanks did the unthinkable and ask her the gender of her baby. Sharing a photo of the singer looking at him with a startled facial expression, Tim wrote on Instagram: ‘Boy or Girl? That was the wrong question to ask Rihanna while the boom mikes of the fashion world were eavesdropping over our heads. But she does make the most radiant expectant mother. A real ray of light on a dark day.’ Rihanna is of course expecting her first child with boyfriend A$AP Rocky and announced the news in February. Fashion Killa rapper A$AP has been inseparable from the singer in recent weeks and joined her at the Off-White show in Paris on Monday, but was noticeably absent from the Dior showcase. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna pregnant and pretty in pink at Paris Fashion Week show with boyfriend A$AP Rocky MORE : Pregnant Rihanna keeps it casual in orange tracksuit as she heads to airport in Milan with A$AP Rocky 