Three planets are merging together today, so let’s find out which ones they are and what it means for your sign. Romantic Venus, powerful Mars and intense Pluto are lining up, and could be making it hard to focus. Aries, Taurus and Gemini will feel the brunt of this, but it doesn’t necessarily spell bad news. And it’s a busy time for astrology, as there’s also a link between the Moon and Neptune, which could spell romance for some signs… Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, March 3, 2022. Read on for your star sign’s forecast. March 21 to April 20 The coming days could be intense and something might reach a point. Perhaps you’ve worked hard to attain a goal and it’s now within reach. Rather than fret over whether you’ll get the outcome you want, this is the point at which it’s best to let it go. Fate may be ready to play its hand. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 This is a day to enjoy other people’s company. Yet the Venus-Mars-Pluto trio might make it difficult to focus on anything but developments that appear to be important to you. You may be at the end of a process in which you’ll soon have all the answers. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 A dynamic line-up in an intense zone brings a chance to close a business deal or benefit from a financial opportunity. Even so, with ethereal influences in the mix, attention can be scattered and you may find yourself easily distracted by other people’s demands. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 A romantic influence may be perfect for a date or get-together with kindred spirits. At the same time, a merger between Mars, Venus and Pluto can find you involved in a scenario where you’ll need to make your voice heard. Your perspective could be your ideas that swing things to the positive. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 A greater awareness of other people’s feelings could make it difficult to push ahead with something that perhaps not everyone agrees with. You may be determined to succeed and the coming days can be crucial for making progress. You might compromise but you also don’t want to lose out. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 A Moon-Neptune link hints at romantic opportunities. Dare to do something different and this can be a special date. One relationship may be going through issues, as you might have passionate feelings about this person. Want their attention? Relax, as you may be trying too hard. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You may need to make a decision but thoughts of what people might think could prevent you from doing so. This openness to others’ feelings can be a positive if it helps you understand their views. You’ll need to speak out regardless – and honesty could be the best policy. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Have dreamy feelings for someone? If so, the Moon-Neptune link in your romance zone can enhance this. It’s an opportunity to share your feelings, knowing you will be understood. You may also push for something that’s important to you and you could be persuasive. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Have big plans that need to be followed through? You may not feel like making a move. You might even prefer some pampering or a duvet day to doing what needs to be done. If you want to take advantage of an opportunity to increase your income, then go for it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 The lunar focus is perfect for sensitive discussion, making this a good time to talk over matters that could encourage healing. But you may have more urgent things to accomplish. Whatever you’re dealing with might lead to more ambitious opportunities. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Money may be no object if you spot a piece of art or something for the home that is just perfect. It might even be a question of love at first sight. But you could get carried away and spend more than intended. Yet if it uplifts you and leaves you feeling good then it can well be worth it. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 A soothing Moon-Neptune connection could bring a chance to connect with a friend. It can also result in a heartfelt conversation. You may be deeply involved in a project that is coming to an end. If this has been something of a roller-coaster ride, it has also changed you in a good way. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness