Oligarch Mikhail Fridman has asked the UK for ‘an allowance’ so he can get taxis and buy food. The London-based businessman was among a long list of mega-rich Russians sanctioned following Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. Mr Fridman’s worth was estimated to sit at £7.8 billion before the war began, but he can’t access that cash anymore. His credit cards were blocked and he is barred from travelling to other European countries. In an interview with Spanish newspaper El Pais, he compared his situation to ‘house arrest’. The billionaire lamented eating at home in his £130m mansion in Hampstead Heath instead of being able to go out to restaurants. He even said he should be given money to ‘go in a taxi’ and ‘buy food’. Mr Fridman founded Russia’s largest private bank, Alfa Bank, and previously headed up investment group LetterOne. The 57-year-old previously told Bloomberg he needed to apply to the UK Government to receive around £2,500 a month. But he fears how far this money can go. He said: ‘Authorities in Great Britain have to assign me a certain amount so I can take taxis and buy food, but it will be a very limited amount if you look at the cost of living in London. ‘I still don’t know whether it will be enough to live a normal life without excesses. I can’t even take anyone out to a restaurant. ‘I have to eat at home and I am practically under house arrest.’ Mr Fridman was born in USSR-run Ukraine in 1964 and moved to Moscow to study. He built his career up from washing dishes and was soon rubbing shoulders with Russia’s elite, including Vladimir Putin. He warned sanctions could result in Russians in the UK returning to Moscow where they would have ‘no choice’ but to become ‘loyal’ to Putin. The UK Government has targeted more than 1,000 entities. Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov’s ‘unofficial’ stepdaughter, Polina Kovaleva, was recently added to the list. Kovaleva will have her assets frozen and be prohibited from travelling from or to the UK. Her mother is thought to be Svetlana Polyakova, 51, a powerful member of the Russian Foreign Ministry, said to be Lavrov’s ‘other’ wife. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.