A devoted mum is fundraising £75k to have amazing experiences with her five-year-old son before he loses his memory. Sheryl Lawson, 35, got the heart-breaking diagnosis last year that her son Jeffrey Charlesworth, five, has Battens disease. The ultra-rare, life-limiting condition is incurable, with symptoms including dementia, blindness, loss of speech and control of movement. Sheryl, along with fiancé Andy Charlesworth, 35, are determined to make the most of the time they have left before his memory deteriorates. She said: ‘We tried to make his fifth birthday the best that it could be. ‘We ended up having a party at a local golf club, we had loads of his friends and school friends, just to get everyone to see him. ‘One of our neighbours knew someone who has loads of vintage cars, so they brought them all over for him to play in, which was amazing. ‘It was a really really good day and Jeffrey had a ball. ‘We know we need to make the most of making memories while he’s able to enjoy them.’ Jeffrey has visited Drayton Manor theme park, as he’s a big Thomas the Tank Engine fan, and Disneyland is on the cards too. Sheryl said: ‘We didn’t know children could get dementia, it’s not something you associate with children. ‘He’ll also end up with that, but at the moment his memory is more or less holding on. ‘He still knows who I am, and who my sister is, and my mum, he gets so excited when he sees them walk in. ‘He’s deteriorated in terms of knowing colours and things, but we’re hoping he’ll be able to regain them after treatment. ‘He hasn’t said mummy in quite a while, but I heard him say it the other day, clear as day.’ There is a treatment to slow down the disease, involving brain surgery and fortnightly trips to London. Jeffrey travels from Accrington, Lancashire to make his appointments. The family are asking for donations towards medical expenses and travel costs too. She said: ‘He was eligible for this treatment so he had a brain operation to put a port into his head. ‘Now we go down to Great Ormond Street every fortnight for him to have a brain infusion, and hopefully after six to 12 months his symptoms will level out, but it won’t stop the blindness. ‘At the moment, he’s lost his mobility he can’t walk on his own or stand unaided, and he wants to run but he can’t.’ Symptoms of Battens generally don’t show in children for their first few years. Sheryl said: ‘He didn’t have any symptoms, until he was two when his speech started lagging a bit, but we didn’t think much of it. ‘When he was three he had his first seizure, and then after that he had more and more until he was diagnosed with epilepsy. ‘Then at start of 2021 his movement went a bit weird, but he’d just started new epilepsy medication, so we thought it was that. ‘His mobility just got worse and worse, and they did a blood test to go to Great Ormond’s Street.’ The diagnosis changed the family’s life forever. She said: ‘We got a call to go into hospital the next day to talk about the results. ‘I asked if it was bad news, and they said yes, and I asked what it was, but they didn’t tell me because they didn’t want me to google it. ‘I was just thinking the worse, and when we got there they told us he had Battens disease, that there was no cure. ‘They sent us home with a leaflet, and when I read that the life expectancy is  six to 12 years I just broke down.’ You can contribute towards the family’s expenses through GoFundMe. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum praised for sharing hack to help baby take medicine MORE : How memory ‘clutter’ makes it harder to remember stuff as you get older MORE : How to actually improve your memory