Sir Lewis Hamilton has announced he is in the process of changing his name to include his mother’s surname. The seven-time Formula One world champion is beginning his final preparations ahead of the new season beginning in Bahrain this weekend. Speaking at the 2022 Dubai Expo, the 37-year-old revealed he’s in the process of changing his name to include his mother Carmen’s family name. ‘I’m really proud of my family’s name: Hamilton,’ he said. ‘Actually none of you might know that my mum’s [sur]name is Larbalestier. And I’m just about to put that in my name. ‘Because I don’t really fully understand the whole idea of why, when people get married, the woman loses her name. ‘I really want her name to continue on with the Hamilton name.’ Asked whether it would be in time for this weekend, Hamilton laughed. ‘It will be soon. ‘No, I don’t know if it will be this weekend. But we’re working on it.’ Hamilton’s parents Anthony and Carmen split up when he was young and the talented racing driver mostly grew up with his father and stepmother Linda. Hamilton took his mother with him to receive his knighthood from Prince Charles at Windsor Castle last year. His father Anthony is a regular in the paddock to show support for the Mercedes driver during the season. Upon, winning the 2020 F1 Championship with his victory at the Turkish Grand Prix, tying racing legend Michael Schumacher for the most championships ever, he paid special tribute to his father. ‘I came across the line, and all the things about me and my dad — when we went away from our first championship singing “We Are the Champions,” the struggles that we had — it just flashed through my mind, and all this emotion came up,’ he said. ‘There were times where we didn’t think we were going to be there. We were not going to make it. They were worrying times, but he never doubted me once.’ MORE : Max Verstappen refuses to believe Lewis Hamilton comments about poor Mercedes performance MORE : Max Verstappen’s title has ‘no asterisk’ but Lewis Hamilton must ‘get even’, says Martin Brundle For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 