Katie Price has quite the tattoo collection now, but it just keeps on growing. The reality star, 43, has been soaking up the sun during a romantic getaway with fiancé Carl Woods after flying to Thailand. However, it wasn’t all fun in the sun for the couple, as Katie heads home with something a bit more permanent than a tan. The former glamour model endured an uncomfortable session in the tattoo chair with an inking inspired by her mum. Katie’s tattoo was a nod to Amy – who has idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis – and her favourite flowers, which are hyacinths, lilies and daffodils, with the tattoo covering her lower right arm. Amy is terminally ill, with daughter Katie recently sharing that she’s been planning her mum’s funeral after ‘accepting’ her death is imminent following diagnosis with the incurable lung condition. As the TV star covered her face and threw her head back in pain, her husband-to-be was there to offer support. Carl – who has Katie’s face tattooed on his own body three times – held her hand while the tattoo artist worked their magic. The former car salesman, 33, had his own tattoos on full display as he wore a grey tank top, with photos from tattoo parlour Samui Ink showing close-ups of his declaration of love for his future wife. Meanwhile, Katie donned a lightweight blue ensemble with striking fur sliders as she got what is thought to be her 13th tattoo. The inking is thought to have cost £180 and required a three-hour sitting. The mum-of-five has a series of famous and easily recognisable tattoos by now, including a garter belt on her thigh and a crown on her right hand. She also has a portrait of Carl on the inside of her arm, which is now surrounded by her new floral inking. Katie and Carl have been enjoying some downtime in Koh Samui, where they haven’t been shy in packing on the PDA in public. The loved-up couple donned matching shorts while stopping for a kiss and cuddle during a sunny stroll, and KP also sent a strong message to anyone with comments to make on her relationship. Katie sent a strong message to her haters, as she proudly wore a tee with ‘get over it’ printed on the front. Carl is set to become Katie’s fourth husband after the couple got engaged in April 2021. They dated for 10 months before deciding they were going to tie the knot, initially meeting through mutual friends and TV work. Katie also plans to expand her brood after revealing she and Carl are heading down the IVF route as they try for a baby while her eldest son heads off to college. She already shares Harvey, 19, with ex-footballer Dwight York, Junior, 16, and Princess, 14, with ex-husband Peter Andre, and Jett, eight, and daughter Bunny, seven, with Kieran Hayler. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Is Blind season 2: Deepti Vempati slams Shake’s ‘fake’ and ‘insincere’ grovelling apology MORE : Ella Henderson opens up about anxiety struggle: ‘I’m not this happy person all the time’ 