Phillip Schofield darted straight to the pub after a security alert resulted in This Morning and Loose Women being taken off air. The 59-year-old presenter and co-star Holly Willoughby, 41, were presenting the daily daytime show as usual, but after an advert break, viewers were surprised to see a pre-recorded clip playing instead. ITV was taken off air following a security alert in the White City area, where Television Centre is based. While Loose Women wasn’t able to resume its scheduled programming, the channel returned to normality with ITV News airing at 1.30pm. Updating his followers over what happened, Phillip uploaded a selfie to Instagram Stories and even shared what they got up to behind the scenes. ‘Back in my dressing room @thismorning after a security alert,’ he wrote. ‘All ok and thankfully a false alarm. ‘Thank you to our team @thisistvc and @metpolice_uk for being amazing…I’ve been to the pub with everyone now back to get my house keys.’ A spokesperson for the Met Police told Metro.co.uk: ‘At 11:14hrs on Thursday, 10 March, police were called to reports of a security alert at Wood Lane, White City. ‘It was reported a suspicious item had been discovered. ‘The area was evacuated as a precaution and White City and Wood Lane tube stations were temporarily closed. ‘The incident was stood down shortly before 12:49hrs. An investigation is ongoing.’ A statement from This Morning’s Twitter account read: ‘We apologise for the break in live programming today. We are currently running pre-recorded content and hope to be back with you soon.’ Before the viewers became aware of what went down, they took to Twitter and questioned what was happening. One viewer wrote: ‘Whats happened @thismorning ??? I was ready for @Schofe vs @hollywills and then you stay a new episode then you say be back after the break but nooo. #LooseWomen are on. What is going on?? #thismorning’ Another added: ‘Thank god for twitter letting me know I’m not loosing the plot. Wondering whats happened at @itv #thismorning’ According to The Sun, it was ITV presenter, Lorraine Kelly’s name on the ‘suspicious package,’ which was intercepted by security before it reached her. ‘Everyone at ITV loves her – so people were upset and very concerned over the whole incident. Fortunately everyone is safe, but it shakes everyone up,’ a source told the publication. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Richard Madeley sparks outrage over ‘inappropriate’ Ukraine joke: ‘Unbelievable and disrespectful’ MORE : Piers Morgan tears into Good Morning Britain a year after exit as he vows to ‘cancel cancel culture’ in trailer for new TV show 