An F1 marshal has been forced to quit their job at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix following a sick tweet in which the man wished for Lewis Hamilton to suffer a horrific crash. This weekend’s Grand Prix, the second of the 2022 season, has already been thrown into doubt amid a terror attack taking place on Friday which saw a missile hit an Aramco facility 12 miles from the Jeddah circuit, setting it ablaze and putting today’s qualifying and Sunday’s race at risk. Further controversy has now arisen involving an F1 marshal going public with his hopes seven-time world champion Hamilton would suffer similar injuries to Romain Grosjean’s horrific crash in Bahrain in 2020. The French driver was lucky to escape without severe injuries when his Haas car burst into flames after colliding with a wall. Twitter account @Heem4U replied to an image of Hamilton and posted in Arabic: ‘I hope he has an accident like Roman (sic) accident in Bahrain.’ According to The Sun, the shocking post was reported to the FIA and the organisers who have now confirmed the man ‘has been removed from his post.’ It is not known if the user of the account works for an F1 team or if he is a marshal just based in Saudi Arabia working this weekend. Another tweet also saw him take aim at Hamilton after the Mercedes driver expressed his desire to change Saudi Arabia’s human rights. ‘The Saudi authorities do not respond to dogs,’ he posted. ‘If a person saw him, they would have responded to him.’ On Saturday the man confirmed he has left his position and also apologised to Hamilton for his offensive tweets. Posting in Arabic he said: ‘I offer my apologies to the Saudi Motorsports and Motorcycle Federation. ‘And for driver Lewis Hamilton. ‘On my previous tweet, I announced (sic) my withdrawal from the ring [race].’ Hamilton will be hoping to improve on his third place finish from the season opener in Bahrain as Ferrari drivers Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz wrapped up a 1-2. Reigning champion Max Verstappen needs a strong qualifying display to bounce back from last week’s disaster which saw him retire the car in the final few laps of the race and fail to pick up any points for Red Bull. MORE : F1 told to ‘pack up and leave Saudi Arabia’ after missile attack MORE : Lewis Hamilton among four drivers who led Saudi Arabia meeting as stars disagree over race going ahead For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 