An Indian couple claims they were banned from buying a house by the owner, who said Asians only view houses ‘as a day out’. Sareena, 34, and Ajay Suman wanted to look around a £375,000 four-bed property in Great Barr, Birmingham – but were told ‘there are other properties you can waste people’s time on’. The home, advertised on Purplebricks, was particularly special to Sareena as it is close to where she grew up. But seller Claire May allegedly sent the parents-of-two a message that read: ‘I am no longer taking viewings from the Indian and Asian community who are not serious buyers. But just look around properties for sale…as a day out. ‘There are many other properties you can waste people’s time on so I suggest you go view one of them.’ The only information said to be available to Mrs May when she denied the pair a viewing was Sareena’s name. But the owner has said she ‘isn’t the slightest bit racist’, telling MailOnline: ‘There’s a lot more to the story than you know’. Left in disbelief by the experience, Sareena says it has made her ‘question if everyone thinks about me as “That Asian girl”’ ‘I had to read it 15 times before it sank in’, she said. ‘At first, it was laughable and I laughed because I didn’t know how to feel. And afterwards the sadness kicked in and I got upset. ‘Now, I’m not as angry as I was because I’ve come to terms with it but it’s just the shock I can’t get over.’ ‘Where we live currently there’s a minority of Asians and it’s made me look at everyone differently. I’ve never felt like that before. ‘I’m now conscious about what I’m saying and if someone is looking at me.’ The sales trainer says she felt forced to explain racism to her eldest son, Jhye, 6, following the message. The experience has ‘made her scared for him’ and her five-month-old Saint. Ajay convinced Sareena to avoid firing off an angry snap response as he felt it wasn’t worth the energy. The couple, wed for 10 years, has complained to Purplebricks – with bosses taking the house off their site. ‘The sentiments expressed in this message are completely opposed to Purplebricks’ views and values’, a spokesperson said. ‘As soon as we saw this comment, we told the vendor that we wouldn’t sell their house and refunded their fee. The house is no longer on the market with Purplebricks. ‘We also contacted the buyer to express how appalled we were by this message and apologise that they’ve had this experience.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.