Kirstie Allsopp has marked seemingly innocuous annual event World Book Day by ‘losing it’ over calls for the day to be ‘banned’ in an act of ‘inclusivity’. Each year there are suggestions to shelve the event in an effort to help parents who struggle to buy costumes, while some parents wonder why there is so much emphasis on the costumes at all. This, to Kirstie, is ‘b*****ks’ as she took to Twitter to rally against the ‘patronising’ suggestion, insisting it was more about highlighting ‘lazy’ parents who ‘can’t find fun in dressing up’. Which has gone down as well as one may expect. Kirstie wrote on Friday: ‘Wanting to ban #WorldBookDay “because it highlights the poorer kids in the class” is patronising, discriminatory b*****ks. It may highlight the lazy, unimaginative, can’t put a date in the diary parents in the class, but don’t have kids if you can’t find fun in dressing up.’ She went on: ‘It’s the time of year when I lose it with the people who whinge about #WorldBookDay, especially now that my kids are too old for it. People is the poorest circumstances make a huge effort with how their kids look, and care passionately about education & schools events. [sic]’ While she shared many responses supporting her message, the presenter was also met with intense criticism from those who suggested she was missing the bigger picture. One wrote, insisting costumes weren’t the top of many a parents’ agenda if they’re struggling: ‘Let’s be clear – in many households living in poverty there are no books, paper, felt tips, sellotape and spare fabric. In many of these homes there are no carpets, bedding or curtains at the window. No food or heating. Making a world book day outfit is not top of the agenda.’ However, hitting back at the criticism, Kirstie wrote: ‘God, the number of morally superior folk eager to portray anyone with less money than them as incapable or lacking in imagination is staggering. I have worked with people who would spend their last penny on being creative.’ Still, ‘I don’t think it’s the financial bit people are taking issue with,’ a follower replied. ‘It’s the fact that you imply people who don’t like it/participate are feckless and can’t plan, and the ‘don’t have kids if you don’t like dressing up’ vibe is somewhat unfortunate. Parenting is so much more.’ In a series of tweets, the Location, Location, Location presenter went on to clarify that her tweet was directed at ‘those calling to “ban” #WorldBookDay not with kids who don’t like dressing up’. She wrote: ‘Some people deliberately miss the point so I’ll be crystal A: #WorldBookDay day does not require a bought costume B: Those who link “poor” with “can’t parent” need to think very carefully about what they are saying C: This kind of thing comes with kids, we choose to have them. ‘And D: I don’t usually hold with “there’s a war on….” or “first world problem” but would it kill some parents to think about those who don’t have kids, but desperately want them, and would give their eye teeth to have someone to dress up for #WorldBookDay?’ In response to Kirstie’s comments this afternoon, Sarah Whiteley wrote for Metro.co.uk: ‘We’ve just been through a two-year pandemic. A world war is threatening to break out. We’re being told to eat less meat. Use less plastic. We need to feed our children healthy food. Do 150 minutes of exercise a week. And that’s as well as looking after our ageing parents, holding down a full-time job, maintaining a social life… the list is endless and we’re all blooming knackered. ‘So I’m sorry if my imagination isn’t sparkling right now and I’m not using my (ridiculously short, once the kids are in bed) evenings to craft headpieces and hats for them. ‘Because you see, Kirstie, and I know you might not understand this, but in comparison to you, we’re not only actually poor, we’re time-poor too.’ MORE : Kirstie Allsopp says millennials should save harder to afford homes – it’s not that simple MORE : Kirstie Allsopp fires back at ‘repulsive bully’ Piers Morgan as he brands her property advice ‘unbelievably stupid’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.