A woman has been left looking like an ‘alien’ with ‘horns’ after getting a popular cosmetic surgery treatment. Jessie Carr, 21, is a gym receptionist from Sydney, Australia and has been left with permanent scarring after choosing to get ‘fox eye’ surgery. The treatment is inspired by celebrities such as Bella Hadid who has a unique ‘snatched’ look. The procedure promises to lift the eyebrows and provide a ‘fierce, foxy’ look, which should last between 18 and 24 months. Jessie had seen the treatment advertised all over her Instagram and decided to start researching. Eventually, she booked an appointment. However, the treatment didn’t turn out as Jessie expected and left her with protrusions on her forehead resembling ‘horns’. She now says choosing to get the surgery is her ‘biggest regret ever.’ ‘I don’t really understand what went wrong with it,’ Jessie says. ‘I have assumptions that maybe my body is rejecting the threads. I think that this procedure is in some way a scam, because I’m sure cosmetic surgeons know that it isn’t effective. ‘One thing I do know that went wrong is that the cosmetic surgeon made one eyebrow higher than the other, which caused even more issues for me. ‘I felt ridiculous in the way that I looked and I later on had to get Botox in one eyebrow to temporarily even them out.’ Jessie had the surgery in October 2021 at a clinic in New South Wales and in total, it cost $2,000 AUD (£1,118). Afterwards, she received a partial refund for $1,100 AUD (£615) because of the mishap. In a clip on TikTok, Jessie shows viewers her face. The video is captioned: ‘I can’t take myself seriously.’ Since being posted, the video has garnered over 4.3million views and over 212,000 likes. In it, she turns her face from side-to-side to display the permanent scarring on either side of her face. As the ‘horn’ shaped scars stick out of her forehead, she mouths: ‘I wish I had a time machine.’ Those in the comments were both supportive and critical. ‘Girl embrace your horns, they are cool,’ one viewer commented. Yet another added: ‘It’s giving Maleficent.’ Jessie says multiple people have messaged her saying the same thing has sadly happened to them. ‘I have had multiple girls message me since, saying they have been getting bumps/threads poking out of their skin,’ she explains. ‘Even that their eyebrows went down after the healing stage, meaning that the threads didn’t work and it was a waste of money. ‘I later found out that cosmetic surgeons use celebrity photos to advertise the procedure, but that isn’t the procedure they actually do. ‘I was in quite a lot of pain for about a week [during the healing stage] as I was very swollen and bruised. ‘This [was a result] of them popping a blood vessel in my face when injecting the anaesthetic. After the healing stage, I have experienced pain when I lift my eyebrows, as it feels like the thread is poking through my skin near my scalp. ‘They are also very tender to touch and feel sore if I push on them when they are inflamed – which is the majority of the time.’ Jessie is currently undergoing a treatment called ‘Ultraformer 3’ which puts ultrasound waves into her head and heats the thread until it dissolves. She hasn’t seen any results after one session. ‘The cosmetic surgeon also prescribed me strong anti-inflammatory pills to take for five days to see if the threads would go down,’ she adds. ‘However, the tablets only worked during the five days I was taking them and then they got inflamed again. ‘I feel disappointed that the procedure didn’t work and has caused me these long-term problems. ‘I feel scammed, as they told me they do around two to three thread lifts a week. ‘He surely would have had complaints previously about this, yet they still continue to do it and advertise it. ‘On the other hand, I am grateful that [my surgeon] is offering me services free of charge to help fix the threads.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Pregnant woman stuns strangers with her giant bump MORE : How long does it take for botox to work and how long does it last? MORE : Woman who lives on chicken nuggets and chips hasn’t eaten fruit or veg in 22 years