A nine-year-old named Sasha has had her arm amputated after she was shot while fleeing Russian fighting in Ukraine. The schoolgirl’s dad was killed in the devastating attack on the family in Hostomel, which is on the frontline in the battle for Kyiv. In heartbreaking comments from her hospital bed, she said: ‘I don’t know why the Russians shot me. I hope it was an accident and that they didn’t mean to hurt me.’ Sasha’s father was driving his family away from danger when he was shot dead, the Daily Mail reports. In harrowing scenes, she feared her mum had also died after watching her fall over as bullets rained through the air. The schoolgirl realised her mother was just ‘hiding’ from Kremlin troops, before she lost consciousness. After being carried to a cellar, she spent two days hiding along with her mother and sister while fighting continued overhead. Although she was given treatment, she was still ‘badly injured’ and delirious. The safe space was destroyed when Russian soldiers ‘shot at the door and screamed at the people to come out’. Fearing for their lives, but determined to save the little girl, civilians waved a white flag as they carried her on a towel to hospital through the war zone. Central Irpin Hospital was also under gunfire – but medics knew they had to act fast after finding gangrene was spreading up Sasha’s left arm. She has asked for a new pink artificial arm that is covered in flowers following the amputation. A nurse who treated Sasha said the first thing she said was ‘please be honest do I have a left hand or not?’ ’What do you say to a child who is in pain but who knows that she put up with it…’, the healthcare worker said. ‘She is so strong. She does not cry because she knows only weak people cry.’ Sasha is one of many children who have suffered terrible injuries, Dr Gennadiy Druzenko, of the First Volunteer Mobile Hospital, has said. All of them have lost at least one of their parents, he added. MORE : Russia claims its forces have taken full control over Ukraine’s Kherson region Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.