Leanna North has struggled with debt for all her adult life. From overwhelming credit card bills, to unpayable Buy Now Pay Later balances, it has had a seismic effect on her day to day life. ‘Now I can look back and think, what was I doing? But at the time I had no sense of self-worth. I was completely spiralling,’ admits Leanna. ‘Debt impacts everything in your life.’ At the end of February 2021, the UK population owed £1.7billion, representing an increase of £286 per person from the same time in 2020. During the first four months of 2021, one person every five minutes was declared bankrupt in the UK. But where do Buy Now Pay Later (BNPL) schemes fit in all this? As the name suggests, BNPL offers consumers the chance to buy items on credit and pay for them later, through regular interest-free instalments or after an interest-free period. With the tap of a screen, customers can refresh their wardrobes, secure a new flat screen TV or even book a holiday, safe in the knowledge that future payslips will cover the cost. So, it’s not surprising that for many people, BNPL is seen as a godsend, a way to spread costs on items that would otherwise be unpossible to afford. ‘Being able to manage the cost of an online purchase over a few months is incredibly attractive,’ explains finance coach Kim Uzzell. ‘BNPL gives you the opportunity to buy something you want regardless of what stage of the month you are at – and that in itself can be a feel-good thing for the long term. ‘It doesn’t necessarily mean you are setting yourself for long term financial difficulty. In fact, if you’re disciplined with your finances generally, it can actually work in your favour.’ According to a study by Citizens Advice, one in 12 people are now buying groceries through BNPL. However, their report also found that young people, those in debt and those claiming Universal Credit are at least twice as likely to have used the schemes for essentials than the general population. Something, Kim warns, that could prove hugely problematic: ‘These schemes only tend to only be really beneficial for those who can afford their purchases in the first place.’ The BNPL concept is nothing new. In the mid 19th Century, Singer sewing machines were sold for a ‘dollar down, a dollar a week’. Fast forward to the 1980s and with the boom of catalogue buying, it soon became the norm for many families to pay off big purchases from as little as £2 a week. In today’s market, start-ups are making millions by reimagining the Buy Now Pay Later model for the 21st Century user. Companies like Klarna, Clearpay and Laybuy deliver their services either through apps, or via a retailer’s website, who in turn typically pay the BNPL provider a small percentage of the transaction value. This is the sweet spot where BNPL companies make their money, with experts forecasting the BNPL market to grow annually by 13%, and for global transactions to value $680 billion by 2025. However, the simplicity of the Buy Now Pay Later model is as much its selling point as its Achilles’ heel, with many consumers finding themselves unable to pay back the cost of their items at a later date. According to finance coach Kim, who runs My Money Movement, getting into long term debt doesn’t generally start with a big purchase. ‘It is more often the smaller, every day purchases that we convince ourselves we need,’ she explains. ‘Those payments spread over a few months all add up to more than we thought, and because we haven’t considered them in the same way as our car loan, our brain tells us to keep doing more of the same. ‘Because you’re not handing over cold hard cash, you don’t think about what you are spending in the same way.’ Kim adds that in her experience, it’s not uncommon for people to end up getting a credit card to pay off BNPL amounts that were once seen as manageable, which means they end up having two debts to deal with. ‘Credit cards are rarely interest free, so suddenly that bargain that you found online, isn’t such a bargain, after all.’ Leanna North had felt the effects of credit loans all too keenly. After a difficult start to adult life – which saw her surviving on universal credit and living on the streets – she had managed to secure a roof over her head by the age of 30, and was able to get approved for a bank credit card, which she used to pay for clothes and general necessities. Receiving regular benefits, she was able to make the monthly repayments at first. But as her credit limit increased, Leanna admits that having access to what felt like a never-ending tap of money, caused her spending to quickly spiral. As well as buying things she actually needed, she was soon purchasing jewellery, the latest mobile phone, a laptop… ‘Basically, anything anybody could personally want,’ she recalls. Leanna quickly ended up in thousands of pounds in debt and, once again unable to afford pay for accommodation, at the age of 31, was living in a hostel. By April 2020, Leanna’s mental health had improved, enabling her to begin paying off her debts. Although on benefits, she then moved into her own house with her partner, and had enough money to buy essential home goods using what was then a relatively new means of online payment: Buy Now Pay Later. For her, the scheme brought items within reach, and gave her a renewed sense of self-worth. ‘I used Buy Now Pay Later to make my house a home,’ explains Leanna. ‘I went to Home Essentials, Ambrose Wilson and Simply Be because they offer BNPL. ‘It was helpful because being on benefits it’s harder to get credit. But even with my small weekly benefits package, I managed to make the payments. ‘I purchased clothing for my partner and I because we both came from living in a hostel to having a home, where we could afford more than one outfit a week.’ However, with endless opportunities to purchase, Leanna was soon confronted with her old spending habits: buying impulsively and purchasing things she didn’t need. All because she could. ‘I was paying about £15 for four items a month, so £60 pounds a month,’ she explains. ‘Being on benefits that was affordable – until it wasn’t. ‘The credit card company increased my limit because it looked like I was able to make the payments, even though I hadn’t paid off the initial limit. We then started seeing the minimum payment increase. With my debts to Buy Now Pay Later companies I had nothing left over for shopping each month.’ While BNPL companies attract vulnerable spenders, Leanna says credit companies are also to blame. ‘A lot of people go through the same thing as me’, she says. ‘Unfortunately, companies are happy to keep giving credit, but they’re not willing to understand the reasons why it wouldn’t be in someone’s best interests.’ Rachel Duffy, CEO of debt support group PayPlan, echoes these sentiments. ‘There needs to be better communication between the credit card companies and Buy Now Pay Later organisations’, she says. ‘The biggest problem is that they don’t have the same lending criteria as the rest of high street lending products. There isn’t an affordability assessment taking place to check whether someone is actually able to make payments later down the line. ‘It is so easy to buy an item, you don’t think about it. The fact you don’t have this more grown-up process of having to talk to anyone about your credit rating – you just won’t have the same decision-making approach to buying.’ Indeed, while the process of purchasing had become all too easy for Leanna – entrapping someone who’d struggled with finances all her adult life – the aftermath was anything but. ‘My partner and I ended up splitting because of the stress. We were arguing all the time,’ she says. ‘I couldn’t pay any of my other bills. I ended self-harming and was taken to hospital.’ It was only when Leanna – by then more than £20,000 in debt – reached out to a debt support group that had been recommended by her bank, that the tide finally began to turn on her financial nightmare. ‘I am so grateful, now I have an affordable payment I make each month,’ she says. ‘I don’t feel useless any more, or that I’m not good enough.’ With a degree of hindsight that increased financial security has afforded her, Leanna can identify what support was lacking at the time. ‘People ask for income and expenditure forms to go into debt plans, so they see what you can afford. Companies that offer credit need to be more careful when they do the same, to ensure that the amount they’re offering is able to be recovered. ‘They then need to communicate with BNPL companies, to make sure you can afford it. In the future I wouldn’t purchase through BNPL. There is a lack of understanding, communication and empathy. It would start the whole spiral again for me.’ Unfortunately, the lack of sensitivity shown by BNPL companies is something many others like Leanna have experienced. Aaron Paice used Buy Now Pay Later schemes to purchase clothing for his son’s second birthday, and to buy parts for a PC he was building. However, he never imagined that the cumulative £700 he spent through BNPL would balloon into £10,000 of debt owed. Like Leanna, Aaron had long struggled with his finances; lacking the will power to save and the restraint to stop impulse buying. ‘I eventually realised that my parents couldn’t always bail me out,’ Aaron, 23, says. ‘Realistically, younger people should be taught how to save and spend responsibly.’ Aaron started buying through sites like Very and Klarna, for much the same reasons as anyone else: the appeal of wish list items becoming instantly affordable. ‘I was under the illusion I was getting a better end of the deal,’ he admits. ‘As time went on, and the number of BNPL loans continued to stack up, my work life and mental health started to decline. After only a couple of years, I took out credit cards and a couple of loans as I was so panicked about needing to pay everything off. My credit score plummeted, and so did my general mood in day to day life.’ By the end of 2020, Aaron had become overwhelmed by multiple BNPL creditors chasing for money – a story Rachel at PayPlan has heard all too often. ‘We find that clients come through to us with several debts to several different BNPL companies,’ she says. ‘You can see quite quickly it becomes very tempting to take out more than one.’ While all BNPL companies operate slightly differently, many (excluding Klarna) charge interest on late payments. So although Aaron was doing his best to pay off the initial charges, he was also playing catch up to rising interest rates. A mechanic by trade, he describes feeling ashamed, as ‘ACTION NEEDED’ letters continued to flow through his letterbox. Eventually, Aaron was having to borrow money for child support, fuel and food, and was in constant fear of a bailiff’s knock on his door. ‘I lived looking over my shoulder,’ he recalls. ‘My whole financial situation was the root to my depressive and suicidal thoughts, along with the feeling of failing as a man in the 21st century. I simply felt that I couldn’t provide for my family.’ Eventually, in late 2021, Aaron knew he needed help. After finding a debt support group online, who’ve been ‘super friendly and amazing’, he is now signed up to a debt management plan. With hindsight, he regrets not being more BNPL savvy. ‘I wish I knew everything there was to know about how these companies really make their money, and to shop around if it was an item I really wanted,’ he says. ‘I could have simply just saved up, and saved my mental health in the long run.’ With such rapid unregulated growth of the market – which more than trebled in size in 2020, according to the Financial Conduct Authority – it’s clear consumers are at huge risk. ‘It is vital the law adapts as the market innovates, so new products and services develop in a way that benefits consumers, and that action can be taken to prevent harm,’ said a spokesperson at the FCA. ‘We are already working on what our regulation of these firms will look like and considering carefully what consumer protections are needed.’ While the FCA hopes to see BNPL firms forced to explain terms more clearly to customers in the resulting regulation, steps have already been taken to improve the market, with Clearpay, Laybuy and Openpay agreeing to voluntarily refund customers who have been charged late payment fees in specific circumstances. While this regulation may better safeguard consumers, Leanna still flies the flag for being self-aware in a market the spender cannot ultimately trust. ‘I would say to anyone wanting to buy through BNPL, make sure you can afford to pay off the amount,’ she says. ’Don’t allow for companies to increase your credit without checking with you that you can afford an increased payment fee.’ It’s a sentiment, finance coach Kim Uzzell echoes. ‘Many BNPL customers are young and low income earners,’ she explains. ‘Education around these type of schemes, and debt in general, needs to be provided at schools so that they don’t get caught up in something they simply don’t understand. ‘We also need to make dealing with any problems involving debt easily accessible and without a fear of shame or embarrassment,’ she adds. ‘Sadly, money and debt is still a taboo subject, so we have to find a way to be able to talk about it freely so more people can get the help they need.’ Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Claie.Wilson@metro.co.uk Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Escaping debt: The people turning to credit unions to fix financial turmoil MORE : Try this exercise to confront your debt head on and get honest about your money habits MORE : ‘It feels like drowning’: How to ask for help when you’re in debt