P&O Ferries have defended their ‘callous’ and ‘disgraceful’ decision to sack 800 workers on the spot and replace them with cheaper labour. The firm has issued a new statement justifying its actions following widespread outrage from workers, unions and politicians of all parties. The company said the decision was ‘difficult’ but that it could not have survived otherwise. It also said it had made ‘all efforts’ to notify workers personally of their redundancy, after footage emerged of staff being informed of the brutal decision over Zoom. The statement said: ‘The changes we’ve made bring us into line with standard industry practice. ‘All affected crew who were working yesterday were notified face-to-face and in-person on board their vessels. ‘For crew who were off, P&O Ferries made all efforts to notify them personally: they were individually called on the phone, as well as via email and text. ‘Virtual meetings were also held but only 261 of our 800 affected staff were on those calls.’ Footage obtained by BBC News yesterday showed P&O staff being told over video message that their last day of employment would be ‘today’ and cheaper agency workers would be hired to replace them. Downing Street has warned of ‘ramifications’ over the move as protests take place across ports today. It is thought the company received £10 million in furlough cash to keep it afloat and support staff during the height of the coronavirus pandemic. Boris Johnson’s spokesperson said the government is looking ‘very closely at the actions this company has taken’ to see whether it acted legally. He said companies should only make ‘extreme decisions to secure the future of their business if all other avenues have failed’ adding: ‘We don’t believe this was the case for P&O staff but we are looking into this very carefully.’ He continued: ‘Once we have concluded that, we will decide what the ramifications are. Obviously there are a lot of valid questions in relation to existing contracts, etc.’ The government has come under criticism after it emerged the Department for Transport was informed of P&O’s decision on Wednesday night. The Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union said there should be a widespread public and commercial boycott of the ferry giant until the jobs are reinstated. It has called on ministers to demand P&O reverses its decision and negotiates with the unions. If this does not happen, the RMT said the government should use powers to take over the vessels and remove any support for the ferry company’s owner, DP World, including future contracts. General secretary of Mick Lynch added: ‘The fact that the Government knew the day before that a foreign-owned company planned to cause major disruption to UK ports but did nothing to prevent it is shocking.’ Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said P&O Ferries had only let a ‘very small group’ of officials know about the decision on Wednesday evening, meaning it was ‘far too late’ for the government to intervene. In an angry letter to the chairman of P&O Ferries, Robert Woods, the cabinet minister wrote:  ‘Seafarers make a huge contribution to this country, and many have dedicated years of service to P&O, and I was frankly staggered yesterday at the way you dismissed them with zero respect.’ MORE : P&O Ferries faces boycott calls after sacking 800 crew on the spot MORE : Aid for Ukraine blocked by P&O Ferries’ decision to sack crew on the spot There were reports of crew members being removed in handcuffs from ships by security guards at Dover yesterday. As shocked employees made their way home with belongings stuffed into bin bags and suitcases, buses carrying the new members of staff appeared to arrive. A protest erupted, with sacked staff blocking the main road leading to the Kent port. Separately, the captain of a ship in Hull organised a sit-in protest and drew up his gangplanks to stop security guards from dragging staff from the vessel. Further demonstrations took place today at ports in Dover, Liverpool, Hull and Larne in Northern Ireland. Protesters held flags and signs, including one which said: ‘Shame on you!! P&O stop the carve up.’ Shadow transport secretary Louise Haigh, who joined the rally in Dover, described P&O’s actions as ‘nothing short of a national scandal’. ‘This is a disgraceful way for a Dubai-based conglomerate to treat British workers in this country,’ she said. ‘I will be taking action in Parliament next week to push the Government to take sanctions against P&O now, to push leverage on them, to force them to change course and if it’s not illegal… then we need to make sure it is immediately made so.’ P&O has currently suspended all operations but said it wants services to be up and running again in the next day or two ‘as we lose £1m a day for each day they are not moving’. The company acknowledged that the sackings ‘came without warning or prior consultation, and we fully understand that this has caused distress for them and their families’. But it insisted its security staff tasked with removing workers from ships handled the situation ‘sensitively’, saying: ‘Contrary to rumours, none of our people wore balaclavas nor were they directed to use handcuffs nor force.’ The statement on Friday added: ‘We took this difficult decision as a last resort and only after full consideration of all other options but, ultimately, we concluded that the business wouldn’t survive without fundamentally changed crewing arrangements, which in turn would inevitably result in redundancies. ‘We also took the view, in good faith, that reaching agreement on the way forward would be impossible and against this background, that the process itself would be highly disruptive, not just for the business but for UK trade and tourism.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.