Denise Van Outen has revealed how she confronted the woman who was allegedly sexting her then-fiance Eddie Boxshall. The Gogglebox star announced her split from the businessman in January after more than seven years together. At the time, Denise, 47, did not share the reason for the split but it later emerged that she had allegedly caught him cheating. She now details the end of their relationship in her autobiography, A Bit Of Me, and what caused her to dump her fiance. In excerpts obtained by The Sun, the former Big Breakfast presenter explains how she found photos and Instagram messages alluding to phone sex while searching his iPad. Denise was then confused to find she had blocked the woman’s profile on Instagram despite never following her. The woman then suggested that Eddie, 47, must have blocked her from Denise’s account with her knowing. ‘Her name was Tracy and she had apparently spoken to Eddie over FaceTime and text for a long period — often from our home and sometimes from my flat in Hampstead, which she seemed to think was his,’ the presenter reportedly writes in her memoir. ‘They’d never met in person, but she said the conversations had become sexual reasonably quickly. Some of the stuff I found on the phone seemed to support that. ‘However she was upset with Eddie by then, because he had apparently ghosted her. “I hope you’re not angry with me,” she wrote. “I’m not a homewrecker”.’ Denise continued: ‘I didn’t want to rant at her but I couldn’t believe she thought this was acceptable. ‘She was a similar age to me, with a child of her own, and in my book sexual chats on FaceTime and text and continued communication over a long period amount to cheating. It was disrespectful and devastatingly hurtful.’ Denise, who is mother to an 11-year-old daughter, then claimed Eddie had got into an altercation with another woman’s boyfriend at a pub, during a time when he pulled out of their romantic trip leaving the TV star to go to Spain alone. Among the photos Denise allegedly found in a deleted folder on Eddie’s iPad, were images of another woman’s breasts. Eddie has not publicly addressed the allegations but he did speak highly of Denise recently, sharing a heartfelt tribute to her on International Women’s Day where he acknowledged their ‘wonderful’ relationship. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian slays in futuristic silver bra as she hits Swim pop-up shop in Miami MORE : Dancing On Ice’s Oti Mabuse cancels charity appearance after sharing ‘heartbreak’ over niece’s death 