Paulo Dybala will leave Juventus at the end of the season after talks over a new contract broke down on Monday, according to reports in Italy. The Argentina international’s current deal is due to expire at the end of the season and the forward has been unable to reach an agreement with the Italian club so far. On Monday, Dybala’s agent, Jorge Antun, met with members of Juventus’ hierarchy, including vice president Pavel Nedved at the club’s training ground. But the two sides failed to agree terms and widespread reports in Italy claim that Juventus now accept that Dybala will leave as a free agent once the season is over. Sky Sports Italy claim that Juventus have offered Dybala a new contract with a base salary which is lower than his current deal, but the Argentine could end up earning more if performance-related bonuses are triggered. Liverpool and Manchester City have both been linked with a move for Dybala, while Inter and AC Milan are options for the 28-year-old if he wants to remain in Serie A. Dybala is about to complete his seventh season with Juventus after joining in an initial £23.4 million deal from Palermo in 2015. During his time at Juve, Dybala has won five Serie A titles, five Coppa Italia trophies and was a runner-up in the Champions League in 2017. Speaking about Dybala’s future over the weekend, Juventus head coach Massimiliano Allegri said: ‘The rapport with Paulo and all the players is good. There are some exchanges of opinion, I am always rather direct, but I am like this for the good of the players, who know they have my faith and admiration. ‘Paulo arrived as a kid from Palermo, he has become a great player. There’s no problem. ‘I don’t know if he will be a Juventus player or not, that is a matter for the club. We often talk with the club, it’s not just Paulo whose contract is running down, but also Bernardeschi, De Sciglio, Perin and Cuadrado. ‘My job is to do well in these final weeks of the season. I can evaluate players, but when it comes to contracts, what the players want, these are other elements.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 