Ricky Gervais has ripped into the gift bags given to nominees at the Oscars, saying he would have referenced them in his opening speech if he had hosted. The After Life star has hosted the Golden Globes five times but has never hosted the Academy Awards. This year’s ceremony was hosted by Amy Schumer, Wanda Sykes and Regina Hall. Responding to a fan who said they wished Ricky had hosted, he 60-year-old imagined his opening speech, tweeting: ‘I’d start with “Hello. I hope this show helps cheer up the ordinary people watching at home. If you’re unemployed for example, take some comfort in the fact that even if you had a job, your salary probably wouldn’t be as much as the goody bag all the actors have just been given.” ‘”I’m proud to announce that this is the most diverse and progressive Oscars ever. Looking out I see people from all walks of life. Every demographic under the sun. Except poor people, obviously. F**k them.”‘ The comedian went on to say that he’d ‘be asleep’ during the ceremony – but he must have caught up on the Will Smith and Chris Rock drama, stirring the pot by tweeting a clip of a joke about alopecia from The Office (seemingly referring to Jada Pinkett Smith’s condition). Oscars bosses reportedly went all out this year for the bags, packing the offerings full of products reportedly worth around $100,000 (£76,000), including actual land and multiple – yes, multiple – hotel stays. Kristen Stewart, Benedict Cumberbatch, Dame Judi Dench and co will be the proud owners of plots of land in Scotland, if they accept the bags, of course, making them the ‘Lords and Ladies of Glencoe’ with the most fabulous neighbours. While they are settling into their new digs, they can sight-see with a stay at Turin Castle in Scotland, before cooking up a feast with gold-infused olive oil from Ariti, and chomping on some luxury popcorn. If all of that gets too much, nominees have also been gifted a holiday to the super-swanky Golden Door spa, and they can also undertake a spiritual coaching session from SelfLove with Nicola. As well as this, they will be treated to a sculpting surgery procedure by Art Lipo, and land complimentary project management for their next house project, by Maison Construction. Speaking of this year’s bag, Distinctive Assets founder Lash Fary said in a statement: ‘While this gift bag does, as always, have an impressive value, that is neither our focus nor goal. ‘A great gift has nothing to do with a price tag. ‘This year’s nominee package is particularly meaningful as we pay tribute to a milestone anniversary and also celebrate the resilience of all involved after the challenges of the past two years. ‘Despite perpetual bad news globally, it’s also an important form of self preservation and self-care to carve out a little room for the fun, festive, and fabulous.’ Ricky’s not the only one to criticise the gift bags, with Piers Morgan previously tweeting: ‘Rather than make virtuous tearful speeches tonight about how much they care about Ukraine, it might be nice if all the Oscars presenters & nominees auction their revoltingly ostentatious $140,000 gift bags to raise funds for Ukrainian refugees.’ Meanwhile, despite knowing exactly what he’d say, Ricky has insisted he would never host the Academy Awards. ‘I’d be canceled halfway through,’ he joked during an appearance on Today with Hoda & Jenna. ‘They’d never let me do what I wanted. That’s why the Globes got me,’ he went on to explain. ‘They said I can write my own jokes and say what I want, no rehearsals. The Oscars would never. And if the Oscars said that, then I’d do it but that would never happen.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted The Academy and Distinctive Assets for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Will Smith’s mum leaps to his defense after he smacks Chris Rock at Oscars: ‘I’ve never seen him do that’ MORE : Alan Davies backs Chris Rock after Oscars slap and brands Will Smith’s reaction ‘in no way reasonable’  