Anyone who has a pet will know just how important that bond is. And one 76-year-old woman who adores her four-legged friends has taken a drastic step to prove her devotion to her pet cats – by getting one inked on her skin. Helen Griffiths, a care home resident from Basingstoke decided to honour her cats by having a tabby cat permanently tattooed onto her body. Helen, who lives at Care UK’s Dashwood Manor, made the decision to get the striking body art to show to the world just how devoted she is to her feline companions. When Dashwood Manor first opened in September 2021, the team installed a Wishing Tree, an initiative launched by Care UK which allows residents to suggest ideas for new hobbies they would like to try, places they would like to visit and activities they would like to do. From skiing to a fish and chip supper, no wish is too big or small, and staff hope it encourages residents to live more fulfilled lives. After some thought, Helen added her wish to the tree – to have a cat tattoo, and the team wasted no time in organising it for her. Helen says: ‘I got my first tattoo in my early 30s, a butterfly. My partner said I wouldn’t so of course I did. ‘When the wishing tree was installed, I had to think of what I would like to do. I had always wanted a cat tattoo, so I put that forward. ‘I always loved my neighbours tabby cats. This then made me get my own – Millie and Sadie. My cats also used to wander off so I thought at least this one will be with me forever. ‘I absolutely love the tattoo and I would like to thank the tattooist for being so patient and the team for organising it for me.’ The tattoo of a tabby cat was placed on Helen’s right arm and designed and tattooed by Basingstoke tattooist Sarah from Victory Doll. Dil Perera, Home Manager at Dashwood Manor, adds: ‘When Helen put a wish for a tattoo of her cat on the wishing tree, it was a surprise and something we didn’t expect but we couldn’t wait to start organising it for her. ‘Here at Dashwood Manor, we like to help residents complete lifelong wishes. We encourage residents to dream big, and share their hopes and ambitions. From a “paw-some” tattoo to a brave skydive, we enjoy seeing dreams become a reality. ‘I would like to thank tattooist Sarah and the team for helping to organise the wish.’ Helen’s is not the only resident of Dashwood Manor with big dreams. Later this month, 89-year-old Dennis Moulton will be taking on the ultimate challenge of jumping out of a plane at 15,000 feet to raise money for Marie Curie. To donate to Dennis’s cause, you can visit his Just Giving page. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Long Covid and nutrition: Can you eat yourself well? MORE : Unique flat covered with colourful murals and pics of Princess Diana on sale for £72k MORE : Dad transforms basement into a mini ‘ice’ hockey rink for his daughters