From yoga to meditation, so many wellness techniques have fully hit the mainstream. These days, it’s not out of the norm to have a mindfulness app on your phone or fit some pilates into your lunch break. Now we’ve fully accepted those approaches into our life, is it time for chi kung’s moment in the spotlight? Lizzie Slowe, the author of The Living Art of Chi Kung, says yes. Let’s get to know this ancient movement that could be the key to tackling all our modern life stresses. Also known as qigong, qi gong, chi kung, chi ‘ung, and chi gung, chi kung is a where movement and meditation meet, involving coordinated body posture and gentle exercises to heal body and mind. It’s not a martial art by any means, but has a connection to that world – many martial artists will use chi kung to complement their practice. ‘Chi kung has a vast reach,’ Lizzie tells Metro.co.uk. ‘It can help us to balance our body physically, mentally, emotionally and even spiritually – itt balances us body heart and mind. ‘Chi Kung is based in Taoist Philosophy, which promotes living in harmony with your surroundings. ‘In our culture we tend to revere those who struggle and battle to get what they need. In contrast, Taoism helps you to flow downstream to find what you’re looking for. It’s not “no effort” but “right effort”.’ All that sounds good to us, so let’s give it a go. Lizzie guides us through some movements. Now this is the level of easiness we like to see: the first move is simply standing. But, before you get too excited and tick this off your to-do list, make sure you’re standing correctly. ‘Standing in good posture means standing with stability and balancing your body as easily as possible,’ Lizzie explains. ‘It takes time to correct poor posture, but it makes a huge difference – to your appearance, your health, your mood and your energy levels. ‘Just standing still for three to five minutes is a wonderful chi kung practice. ‘It will start to create space and allow your body to reboot, recalibrate. You don’t have to meditate, but pausing in your life to pay attention to your body is massively impactful – try to notice to the following: You can take a similar approach while sitting. Ensure you’re balanced, with your lower tummy pulling in, your legs hip width apart, feet parallel underneath your knees, and your spine is rising up easily. Your head should be balanced as if holding a stone on the top your spine. Keep your hands in your lap with shoulders soft. Lizzie recommends: ‘Either stay here for three to five minutes to give yourself a break, or make this your new sitting position – on the bus, train, at your desk, and so on.’ Try this move the next time you’re feeling stressed: ‘Place both your hands on your belly, about three finger widths below your belly button,’ Lizzie explains. ‘Take your attention (your feeling sense and not just your thoughts) to the spot under your hands in the centre of your body. This is your dan tien. ‘Imagine that you’re balancing from here and not from your head. Take your feet out to about hip-width-and-a-half, bending your knees. Your tail is still tucked and your torso upright. ‘With your centre of gravity and your awareness in your dan tien, as you inhale, take your body over your right foot (knees stay bent) so that your left leg is empty. Stay in your belly with your attention. Breathe out back to centre and pause for a moment in the middle of your stance. ‘Inhale over the left leg, emptying the right (knees soft, torso upright and gaze ahead) and then exhale back to centre. ‘Repeat this for six to 12 breaths, keeping your soft hands over your point of balance in your belly. Take a moment to notice how you feel.’ If you’re in a panic, Lizzie recommends trying these quick tips: Lizzie Slowe is a wellbeing expert, fully qualified equine therapist, chi kung master and author of The Living Art of Chi Kung. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Power breathing: Eight techniques to inhale energy and exhale stress MORE : How to use sophrology to reduce your everyday stress MORE : These are the best easy wellness tips to get your mojo back