Five ‘predatory’ companies who made more than 750,000 ‘aggressive’ marketing calls to elderly and vulnerable people have been fined £405,000. The insurance firms, from London and West Sussex, sold cover for electric appliances to people signed up with the Telephone Preference Service (TPS) – despite this being a register for those who do not want to receive marketing calls. One elderly person with short-term memory loss was losing £500 a month to insurance they mostly did not need, while another saw their savings knocked from £8,000 to £500 in just over a month. The Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) said most of the companies deliberately targeted older people with calls about insuring televisions, washing machines and fridges after buying their details from third parties. One of the companies, UK Platinum Home Care Services, made more than 412,000 calls to individuals registered with TPS between March and September 2020. Another firm, Domestic Support, provided different trading names while calling people, which is illegal. John Edwards, the information commissioner, said: ‘These are unlawful predatory marketing calls that were targeted at some of the most vulnerable members of our society and driven purely by financial gain. ‘It is clear from the complaints we received that people felt frightened and distressed by the aggressive tactics of these companies, sometimes giving their financial details just so they could hang up the phone. This is unacceptable and clearly exploitative. ‘It is only right that we take tough and prompt action to punish those companies responsible using our full powers. ‘Companies making similar nuisance calls and causing harm to people can expect a strong response from my office. I encourage anyone who is being pestered by other rogue operators, or knows a family member or friend who is, to report them to the ICO and we will step in to protect the public from these invasive calls.’ Age UK director Caroline Abrahams said of the ICO’s action was ‘very welcome’, adding: ‘Targeting vulnerable older people with predatory marketing calls is unacceptable and must not be allowed to happen. ‘Feeling in control of incoming calls and safe at home is incredibly important and we would urge older people to sign up to the Telephone Preference Service or install a call blocking device.’ The five firms investigated were Domestic Support, Home Sure Solutions, Seaview Brokers, Appliance Cover and UK Platinum Home Care Services. The ICO said it is continuing to investigate a number of additional companies which appear to be operating in the same manner. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.