Manchester United have made Thomas Tuchel their new No.1 target to become Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s successor and want to appoint the Chelsea boss before the end of the season. Ralf Rangnick’s interim tenure suffered its biggest setback to date when United were dumped out of the Champions League last night, following an insipid display against Atletico Madrid at Old Trafford. United’s trophy drought, as a result, will now stretch into a sixth year and with Rangick’s position close to untenable, the Daily Star reports that the club’s board is ready to act. Mauricio Pochettino has been top of United’s wanted list for over 12 months, but PSG’s own Champions League demise – they threw away a two-goal advantage against Real Madrid last week – has harmed the former Tottenham manager’s reputation. Erik ten Hag, whose Ajax side were also eliminated from Europe on Tuesday night, is also in the running, but he remained coy when questioned about his future following the defeat against Benfica. ‘No, that (report) is not true!’ said ten Hag, when asked if it was true he had begun taking English lessons ahead of a potential move to Old Trafford.  ‘We (already) talk English at the club because there are a lot of foreign players in Holland and they are already educated in English so (it makes sense).’ United will instead now reportedly turn their attentions to Tuchel and aim to capitalise on the chaos engulfing Chelsea following the UK Government’s decision to sanction Roman Abramovich. United are said to have been impressed at the way in which Tuchel has handled himself and fronted up in the midst of an unprecedented situation, but former Chelsea defender Glen Johnson believes the former Borussia Dortmund boss would have little interest in switching allegiances. ‘I think no, if he gets some guidance from the Chelsea board about a deal being close,’ Johnson told Bettingodds.com. ‘However, if this situation bubbles on for twelve months, then yes. People will be looking for their own futures. ‘But if this is done in months then Tuchel and the players have got some confidence in that then no, I don’t think he’d be interested in the Manchester United job at all.’ MORE : Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich sanctioned by EU over ‘long and close ties’ to Russian President Vladimir Putin MORE : Paul Pogba is a Manchester United flop who should be embarrassed, says Paul Parker For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 