ITV was taken off air today after a security alert over a suspicious package. Pre-recorded episodes of This Morning and Loose Women were played following the alert in White City, where Television Centre is based. A spokesperson for ITV told Metro.co.uk: ‘Due to a suspected security alert, the building which ITV daytime broadcast from was safely evacuated. ‘The issue has been resolved and staff have returned to the building following the all clear from the police. We apologise for the interruption to the schedule and we have now returned to normal programming.’ A spokesperson for the Met Police added: ‘At 11:14hrs on Thursday, 10 March, police were called to reports of a security alert at Wood Lane, White City. ‘It was reported a suspicious item had been discovered. ‘The area was evacuated as a precaution and White City and Wood Lane tube stations were temporarily closed. ‘The incident was stood down shortly before 12:49hrs. An investigation is ongoing.’ The channel was taken off air during This Morning, hosted by Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield. As the programme returned following an advert break, the opening credits played in full, and a pre-recorded show followed. In Loose Women’s slot at 12:30pm, a pre-recorded episode of Life Before Loose was broadcast before ITV News resumed as normal at 1.30pm. Phillip Schofield addressed the incident on his Instagram Stories, thanking the police for their help. ‘Back in my dressing room @thismorning after a security alert,’ he wrote. ‘All ok and thankfully a false alarm. ‘Thank you to our team @thisistvc and @metpolice_uk for being amazing…I’ve been to the pub with everyone now back to get my house keys.’ A statement from This Morning’s Twitter account read: ‘We apologise for the break in live programming today. We are currently running pre-recorded content and hope to be back with you soon.’ A tweet from the Loose Women account said: ‘We apologise for the break in live programming today. We are currently running pre-recorded content and hope to be back with you soon.’ Viewers were left confused by the sudden change, with one writing on Twitter: Had to rewind the tv 3 times to work out what’s happened to #thismorning #itv and still none the wiser!! Where’s it gone!!’ ‘What has happened to @thismorning @ITV?!’ another asked, while one more said: ‘@thismorning@ITV what has happened to the last 15 mins of the show?’ This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. Loose Women airs weekdays at 12:30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : This Morning suddenly taken off air after ITV appears to crash leaving viewers stranded MORE : Loose Women cancelled and Saturday Night Takeaway ‘postponed’ as sport dominates ITV schedule next week 