Today’s New Moon is in Pisces, but what does that mean for your sign? It’s all about fresh starts and changing things up today, especially for Leo and Libra. Meanwhile for Capricorn it might provide some much needed perspective. Been seeing someone for a while, Virgo? This time of new beginnings is the right moment to take things to the next level. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, March 2, 2022. Read on for your star sign’s forecast. March 21 to April 20 This is a day to be clear about your intentions. If you know what you want, this can be an opportunity to plant the seed of an idea, allowing it to blossom over the coming months. Need to make some decisions about your ambitions? Pay attention to those intuitive nudges for assistance. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 The New Moon in your sector of dreams may inspire you to make a goal a reality. Your imagination can be powerful, and focusing your attention on what you want and visualising it could set forces in motion that bring together everything needed for your plan. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Today’s Sun-Moon tie can see you making an announcement. The act of doing so could help you define what you want, enabling you to move forward. And you’ll go further faster if you know exactly what you want to accomplish and let creative forces shape your plans. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 You may be yearning for fresh experiences and feel drawn to a place or interest that has mystical or healing potential. Regarding your social life, though, your changing priorities could lead you to move in exciting circles and seek out kindred spirits. And this is the perfect time to do so. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Ready for a fresh start? The New Moon in your sector of finances and business is one of the better times to initiate any new developments. Whether you want to consolidate your position or strike out in a new direction, this is an opportunity to take the first steps and gain momentum. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You may be ready to take a relationship to the next level and today’s Pisces New Moon is the perfect time to do so. And as it also aligns with Uranus and Jupiter, a new romance could click into place, feeling like a dream come true. This lunar phase is also excellent for a creative collaboration. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Ready to change your routines? Today’s Pisces New Moon might make you very aware of what helps and what hinders. Stay the course as an ethereal influence suggests you’ll begin with good intentions and could lose motivation. If you need some relaxation, make it part of your routine. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Enjoy the New Moon as it can be a call to take a hobby, skill or talent further. This might also be a good time to launch a small business. You may need to clear up a matter first so you can devote more of your energy to getting your plans off the ground. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 The New Moon in your home zone could mark one of the best times to start DIY projects. You’ll be drawn to ideas that give your place a welcoming look. And you may get a brilliant idea just when you need it so a dull room is transformed into somewhere you can happily spend hours. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 If you’ve been engrossed in a drama of your own making, today’s New Moon could come to the rescue and give you a fresh perspective. A change of mindset might help you take charge of this matter, especially if it seems a tad hard to handle. You’ll soon see a way through. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Embrace the New Moon as it could be an opportunity to take a business idea or financial plan to the next level. What you begin today might blossom in the future so if you feel an instinctive desire to go for it, do so. With this lunar phase linking to Uranus and Jupiter, you’re in luck. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Your dreams may filter into your waking hours as the New Moon encourages your imagination to play a part in your plans. If you have mundane tasks to attend to, then applying a little creativity can add sparkle to the results. This is an excellent time to set your intentions for this year. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness