Former President Donald Trump shared his go-to songs to play while DJ’ing at Mar-a-Lago, his Florida resort, including ‘the gay national anthem’ and a variety of showtunes. Trump shared how guests at the Palm Beach resort ‘love it’ when he plays the Village People’s Y.M.C.A., during an interview for the Full Send Podcast on Wednesday. ‘You know, I’ve played beautiful music. I love Broadway stuff . . . Phantom of the Opera,’ Les Mis, etc. . . . You know what gets them rockin’? Y.M.C.A.,’ Trump said. ‘Y.M.C.A. the gay national anthem. Did you ever hear that,’ Trump asked podcast hosts and YouTubers the NELK Boys. ‘They call it the gay national anthem. Y.M.C.A. gets people up and it gets them moving.’ The acknowledgement comes after the former president used the 1978 hit at many of his campaign rallies, causing the Y.M.C.A. to become a near anthem for his re-election bid in 2020. The band, according to Billboard, reportedly asked Trump following the January 6 attack on the US Capitol to cease using their hit. They told the magazine the former president refused to stop using the track because he is a ‘bully.’ Trump then went on to tell the YouTubers about his apparent aptitude for music. ‘During our lives, we take tests and aptitude tests and all this. I’ve always had a high aptitude for music, but I love great music,’ the 75-year-old said. When asked whether or not he ‘spun discs’ when DJ’ing at Mar-a-Lago, Trump said, ‘I don’t spin but I pick, I pick the ones I like.’ Trump added, when asked about his ‘go-to banger’ that his favorite song to follow Y.M.C.A. with was Hold on I’m Coming, a 1996 hit by Sam & Dave. The interview comes one month after a memo detailing how Trump would play ‘disc jockey’ during two dinners at the Florida resort was shared online. ‘Great music will be played during dinner on Friday and Saturday evenings, with President Trump playing the role of disc jockey,’ the memo said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.