‘I’ll keep going as long as I can,’ says 90-year-old Brian Wilson – Britain’s oldest lorry driver. Brian, who has been behind the wheel for almost 70 years, certainly shows no signs of slowing down. In fact, he says he hates not being on the road. ‘I’m so used to doing it, it’s just a part of life,’ explains the father-of-four from Sheffield. ‘Sometimes I’m up at 4am to set off on the road for 5am. ‘I get all restless lounging about in the house if I’m off work. I just want to get back to work after a few days.’ Brian’s driving career started back in 1950 when he was stationed in Germany and driving armoured trucks during his national service. When he returned home, he started delivering petrol for Esso in 1953. Shortly after, he began working for his father’s haulage firm, E. Wilson & Sons, and took over when his dad passed away in the 1970s – and has been running the company ever since. Over the years, the grandfather has racked up millions of miles, but stresses he now keeps to ‘short trips’ – of around 150 miles. ‘I only do about 130 miles these days, I won’t go further than Birmingham or Newcastle,’ he adds. ‘But back in the day I would go all over, I’ve driven all over the country.’ Brian previously used to carry out all his own repairs himself, but now he takes his lorry to the garage to get fixed. And in all his years of driving, the 90-year-old has never had an accident. In fact, the longest time he’s ever been off work was seven weeks – when he broke his foot at the age of 40. The lorry driver has been married to his wife Mavis for 68 years and the pair share four children together, as well as a granddaughter. Brian puts his longevity is down to his healthy and active lifestyle. He continues: ‘I’ve been well looked after. I try to get about eight hours sleep a night, I don’t drink so much any more. ‘I just keep going. Every year, I have to go for a medical to get my driver’s licence renewed and every year I pass it.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Great-great-grandma meets first girl born in her family for 75 years MORE : Twin born still inside amniotic sac in one-in-80,000 event MORE : Dad suffers three strokes and has parts of his skull removed after two-month coma