P&O Ferries insists it is ‘not going into liquidation’ despite firing its entire shipping workforce with immediate effect. The company dramatically suspended all of its services this morning, leaving passengers stranded and causing travel chaos. Union officials pledged to fight the mass sacking of 800 seafarers, with officials telling staff to stay onboard the vessels, as sit-in protests began amid widespread outrage. Footage obtained by BBC News showed staff, some of whom have been pictured leaving Dover, being told over Zoom that their last day of employment would be ‘today’. Karl Turner MP tweeted that a ‘new foreign crew’ was waiting to board the vessel alongside pictures of a minibus on the tarmac – before adding that one ship’s captain will refuse to allow police to board if P&O asks them to do so. Meanwhile, huge tailbacks are piling up at ports as the lack of services sparked huge disruption on both sides of the Channel and beyond. The Transport Secretary Grant Shapps says he is ‘very concerned’ by the developments, as the Scottish Trade Union Congress (SUTC) branded the company’s conduct ‘outrageous’. In a statement on Thursday afternoon, a spokesperson admitted P&O Ferries is ‘not a viable business’, adding that fired staff would be given ‘enhanced compensation packages’. ‘We have made a £100m loss year on year, which has been covered by our parent DP World. This is not sustainable’, they said. ‘Our survival is dependent on making swift and significant changes now. Without these changes there is no future for P&O Ferries.’ They continued: ‘These circumstances have resulted in a very difficult but necessary decision, which was only taken after seriously considering all the available options. ‘As part of the process we are starting today, we are providing 800 seafarers with immediate severance notices and will be compensating them for this lack of advance notice with enhanced compensation packages.’ SUTC general secretary Roz Foyer said: ‘This is a damning, outrageous move from P&O and we offer our full support to the RMT union and all their members. ‘We cannot – and will not – permit hundreds of workers to be sacked on the spot to be replaced by cheaper labour whilst P&O scramble to remain viable.’ She called for an urgent statement from the UK and Scottish governments on ‘how they intend to halt this scandalous misuse of employer power.’ In an internal company statement, the ship operator said earlier it would be ‘making a major announcement today’ which would ‘secure the long-term viability of P&O Ferries’. It later claimed to play ‘a critical role in keeping trade flowing, supply chains moving, and connecting families and friends across the North and Irish seas and the English Channel’ – adding that it is committed to serving those routes. The company said its ‘tough decision’ would secure the future viability of the business, an additional 2,200 employees and support for billions in trade in and out of the UK. Travellers are being advised to find alternative transport, as P&O ships were pictured mooring up, with major delays expected to continue throughout the day. The company said it was anticipating ‘all our ports (will) experience serious disruption today’, later adding that many services will not be running ‘over the next few days’. Following the coronavirus outbreak, the organisation warned in May 2020 that around 1,100 workers could lose their jobs as part of a plan to make the business ‘viable and sustainable’. P&O is said to employ almost 4,000 workers with 20 ships running 30,000 voyages a year. The company’s statement on Thursday continued: ‘To facilitate this announcement all our vessels have been asked to discharge their passengers and cargo and stand by for further instructions. ‘This means we’re expecting all our ports to experience serious disruption today.’ Mark Dickinson, general secretary of maritime union Nautilus International, responded: ‘The news that P&O Ferries is sacking the crew across its entire UK fleet is a betrayal of British workers. ‘It is nothing short of scandalous given that this Dubai-owned company received millions of pounds of British taxpayers’ money during the pandemic. ‘There was no consultation and no notice given by P&O.’ He added: ‘Be assured the full resources of Nautilus International stand ready to act in defence of our members. ‘We believe it is in our members’ best interests to stay onboard until further notice.’ The company operates four routes: between Dover and Calais; Hull and Rotterdam; Liverpool and Dublin; and Cairnryan, Scotland, to Larne, Northern Ireland, after axing crossing between Hull and Zeebrugge, Belgium, in January 2021. The organisation is owned by Dubai-based logistics giant DP World and transports both passengers and freight. Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) general secretary Mick Lynch said there is ‘growing speculation that the company are today planning to sack hundreds of UK seafarers and replace them with foreign labour’. He added: ‘We have instructed our members to remain onboard and are demanding our members across P&O’s UK operations are protected, and that the Secretary of State intervenes to save UK seafarers from the dole queue.’ A spokesman for the firm said: ‘P&O Ferries is not going into liquidation. ‘We have asked all ships to come alongside, in preparation for a company announcement. ‘Until then, services from P&O will not be running and we are advising travellers of alternative arrangements.’ As lorries sat in huge queues, one driver in Calais due to return to the UK said he had been waiting for a ferry since 6am. ‘More than anything I’m frustrated at the fact nobody from P&O was there to help and advise … I’ve never had such shoddy service from anybody.’ The driver, who wished to remain nameless, said he had been able to rebook with DFDS, saying: ‘I’ve had to exit the port and go through the entire process again, not to mention paying for another ticket at a higher price with them. ‘I would have appreciated somebody at least telling us what to do.’ Transport Secretary Mr Shapps told the House of Commons: ‘I understand they have temporarily paused their operations and that’s causing disruption at the short straits – Calais-Dover – as well as some other ports. ‘I’m working with the Kent Resilience Forum and I’ve just instructed them to become intricately involved, and other partners in this, and we’ll be taking steps later today – including ensuring that my officials will be having urgent discussions with P&O about the situation, particularly of concern for their workers.’ A company that went on to become P&O was founded in 1837, after signing a government contract to transport post by boat between London and the Iberian Peninsula. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Who owns P&O Ferries? Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below