The Queen is back at work after missing the Commonwealth Day service for the first time in ten years. Her Majesty, who has just recovered from Covid, made a last-minute request that Prince Charles represent her at Westminster Abbey on Monday. It’s believed the 95-year-old made her decision based on comfort and existing mobility issues rather than a fresh health problem. One day later, she has carried out audiences via video-link from Windsor Castle. Mongolian ambassador Enkhsukh Battumur presented his letters of credence as he spoke to the monarch online today. Buckingham Palace said she also greeted Rukhshona Emomali, the republic of Tajikistan’s diplomat. The Queen is believed to be ‘pacing herself’ as she is due to celebrate her 96th birthday in under six weeks. The announcement that she would miss the service yesterday came after the order of service was printed, with the congregation required to stand when she arrived and made her way to her seat. She was said to be ‘regretful’ to stay home – but is determined to make sure she can attend a service of thanksgiving to honour her beloved late husband Prince Philip. In a written message to the 2.5 billion citizens of the Commonwealth yesterday, the monarch advised people to ‘draw strength in testing times’. It comes as the Ukraine invasion threatens European peace and many countries still battle off Covid, among other issues. ‘In this year of my Platinum Jubilee, it has given me pleasure to renew the promise I made in 1947, that my life will always be devoted in service’, a statement read. ‘Today, it is rewarding to observe a modern, vibrant and connected Commonwealth that combines a wealth of history and tradition with the great social, cultural and technological advances of our time. ‘That the Commonwealth stands ever taller is a credit to all who have been involved. ‘Our family of nations continues to be a point of connection, co-operation and friendship. ‘It is a place to come together to pursue common goals and the common good, providing everyone with the opportunity to serve and benefit. ‘In these testing times, it is my hope that you can draw strength and inspiration from what we share, as we work together towards a healthy, sustainable and prosperous future for all.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.