Kim Kardashian was a futuristic vision as she rocked a silver bra top for a night out in Miami to celebrate her Swim launch. The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star, 41, was joined by sister Khloe as they hit up a Skims Swim pop-up shop. She went all out for the appearance, in the most Kim Kardashian way possible, donning a metallic silver bikini top and matching trousers. The mum-of-four completed the futuristic look with a pair of perspex boots, which appeared to blend into her trousers. Khloe, 37, opted for something just slightly more low-key than her older sister, choosing a blue mesh mini-dress with sheer panels and black sunglasses. The pair were in the area to attend the opening of Kim’s Skims pop-up for her brand new collection. She followed in sibling Kylie Jenner’s footsteps by launching a selection of bathing suits – with her latest venture hitting shelves on Friday. Speaking of the line, the businesswoman previously explained that it is suitable for women of all shapes and sizes. ‘I really wanted pieces for every single body. So if you wanna cover up, use a sarong, cover up,’ she said. ‘If you wanna cover your arms, we have that. If you want a triangle top or fully cover your chest, we have different kind of bottoms, you just pick and choose.’ Kim’s launch comes after ex-husband Kanye West was reportedly ‘banned’ from performing at the Grammys 2022, following his recent behaviour online. The Praise God rapper, who has five nominations at the bash, had not been confirmed as a performer at the ceremony, but was thought to have been scrapped – something his rep reportedly confirmed to Variety. Trevor Noah, who Kanye recently lashed out at on Instagram, is hosting the event, and the outlet reports that there would also have been concerns about their interactions during the show. However, the Recording Academy has not responded to the claims. The dad-of-four has been taking aim at Kim and her new boyfriend, Pete Davidson, on Instagram over the last few months, and was suspended from posting on the platform for 24 hours. He also hurled a racist slur at late night host Trevor, after the comedian defended his former partner. In the now-deleted Instagram post, the musician shared a screenshot of a Google search for Trevor, 38, with his South African heritage displayed underneath. Reciting the lyrics from the kumbaya folk song – which originates in an African-American spiritual song evoking harmony – he replaced ‘kum’ with a slur. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing On Ice’s Oti Mabuse cancels charity appearance after sharing ‘heartbreak’ over niece’s death MORE : The Wanted’s Max George and Stacey Giggs ‘split after four-year romance’ 