Amanda Holden has revealed her teenage daughter Lexi’s modelling ambitions will be put on hold until she completes her education. Amanda revealed last month that the 16-year-old recently signed with Storm, the modelling agency that helped carve out the successful career of supermodel Kate Moss. The 51-year-old actress and Britain’s Got Talent judge told The Sun: ‘Lexi was approached last year and obviously we were waiting until she was 16 to sign anything. ‘It’s something she actually wants to do, so I’m taking the lead from her. ‘She’s a very quiet girl but she knows her own mind. She’s very bright and wants to continue her studies. ‘There’s no pressure and we’ll just see what happens. But finishing her education is very much her plan, she’ll have our support whatever she decides to do.’ The Heart Breakfast Show host recently spoke about Lexi signing with Storm,  which also represents Cindy Crawford and, previously, Cara Delevingne, and admitted she’d be keen to become a bit like famous Kardashian ‘Momager’ Kris Jenner. She told the MailOnline earlier this month: ‘They came after her and they’re very lovely and nurturing and it will be a soft, slow thing and she won’t do anything until she’s 18 but they want her and that’s what she wants to do. ‘I have to say there was quite a number of them and there’s such a different mindset to how you might think modelling agencies look after the young, but they are very nurturing and very caring, all of them.’ She added: ‘Lexi was approached last year and obviously we were waiting until she was 16 to sign anything.’ When asked if she thinks she’ll be as skilled at guiding Lexi’s career as 66-year-old Kris Jenner, who has made millionaire and billionaire superstars of her six children, including supermodel daughter Kendall, 26, she told the publication: ‘I hope I am! If I have an ounce of the business acumen that Kris has then yes.’ The Heart Breakfast host, who also has daughter Hollie, 10, with husband Chris Hughes, 49, said they were all on board for the exciting new chapter in Lexi’s life. ‘Chris is phenomenal and is a record producer and works at a management level with artists and is really savvy when it comes to business and contracts and I’m in it. ‘We are quite a good team and we sit round the dinner table every night and we will describe our days so she has a good insight into the industry so I think she is going into it more eyes wide open than most 16-year-olds.’ Amanda also boasted that there were ‘quite a number’ of agencies vying to sign Lexi, as she insisted she and Chris support their daughter and are ‘very protective’ of her. Amanda, who is getting ready for the return of Britain’s Got Talent in April after the ITV show’s two-year absence from our screens due to the pandemic and has also landed a role in Australian soap Neighbours, has been Lexi’s biggest cheerleader. She often takes her to red carpet events and proudly talks about her on her radio show. The star also regularly shares snaps of the teen and her sister Hollie on social media. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amanda Holden heartbroken witnessing refugees on Ukraine border amid fears Putin could ‘use women to infiltrate UK’: ‘I have no words’ MORE : Ricky Gervais savagely rips into Oscars gift bag worth $100,000 after imagining his brutal opening speech if he’d hosted 