Dancing on Ice star Connor Ball assured fans that he’s doing ‘okay’ following Sunday’s nasty incident  – but revealed the hole in his leg now looks like a ‘shark bite.’ The Vamps musician has reached the halfway mark of the annual ITV competition, however, he’s had quite the journey in getting there. Last week, Connor and his professional partner Alexandra Schauman skated to George Ezra’s Paradise dressed as pirates, but things didn’t go to plan as he lost his balance during a risky move and fell to the ice. During dance week, presenter Stephen Mulhern, who was filling in for Phillip Schofield, addressed that Connor was meant to open the show but had an accident right before where he cut his chin open. While speaking exclusively to Metro.co.uk, the 25-year-old singer reflected on his recent performance and expressed how the ‘upsetting’ fall affected his overall score. ‘It was a bit of a shock, to be honest, it was a lot worse than my last injury with the chin, which at the time I didn’t realise,’ he said. ‘It was upsetting when they said it would have been a 9.5, but the fall knocked me back. ‘When I tore off my trousers I was like “ahh there’s a big hole in my leg!” But it’s all stitched up now and holding together and looking like a shark bite or something like that.’ ‘In the clip, you don’t see the blade go into my leg, and I don’t realise how it happened either, I don’t even know whose blade it was,’ he added. Hours later, Connor posted the true extent of his injuries on Instagram and urged his devoted followers to swipe with caution. ‘I went into the show knowing I was [accident prone] and I knew it was dangerous, but I didn’t know how sharp the blades were,’ he said. While the star is ‘enjoying’ every minute of the popular programme, he revealed he’s not thinking about lifting the coveted trophy in the grand final. ‘I’m definitely not rooting for myself, I hurt myself too much,’ he joked. Connor continued: ‘Even with the falls and the mistakes I’ve been making, everyone has still been voting for us which I’m really grateful for, and hopefully, I don’t go this weekend because I’m enjoying it so far.’ Alongside Connor, celebrities Brendon Cole, Stef Reid, Kimberly Wyatt, Regan Gascoigne, and Kye will be taking impressing judges: Asley Banjo, Oti Mabuse, Jayne Torvill, and Christoper Dean with more captivating and daring routines. Dancing On Ice returns on Sunday at 6.30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing On Ice 2022: Coronation Street star Sally Dynevor eliminated during prop week MORE : Dancing On Ice: Who is still in the competition? 