Amanda Holden said she hopes to be as good a ‘momager’ as reality star Kris Jenner now teenage daughter Lexi has signed a modelling contract. The Britain’s Got Talent star revealed that her stunning 16-year-old joined top model agency, Storm after they saw stunning snaps of her online. ‘Lexi has just signed with Storm Management this week,’ Amanda, 51, told MailOnline. ‘They came after her and they’re very lovely and nurturing and it will be a soft, slow thing and she won’t do anything until she’s 18 but they want her and that’s what she wants to do. ‘I have to say there was quite a number of them and there’s such a different mindset to how you might think modelling agencies look after the young, but they are very nurturing and very caring, all of them.’ When asked if she thinks she’ll be as skilled at guiding Lexi’s career as 66-year-old Kris Jenner, who has made millionaire and billionaire superstars of her six children, including daughter Kendall, 26, who is one of the world’s highest-paid models, has been, she replied: ‘I hope I am! If I have an ounce of the business acumen that Kris has then yes.’ The Heart Breakfast host, who also has daughter Hollie, 10, with husband Chris Hughes, 49, said they were all on board for the exciting new chapter in Lexi’s life. ‘Chris is phenomenal and is a record producer and works at a management level with artists and is really savvy when it comes to business and contracts and I’m in it. ‘We are quite a good team and we sit round the dinner table every night and we will describe our days so she has a good insight into the industry so I think she is going into it more eyes wide open than most 16-year-olds.’ Lexi has certainly stepped into some big shoes in joining Storm. The renowned agency launched the modelling careers of the likes of Kate Moss, Cindy Crawford and Cara Delevingne. And Amanda is not concerned that at her daughter’s young age she will suffer some of the pitfalls faced by her predecessors. Amanda even explained there were ‘quite a number’ of agencies vying to sign Lexi, as she insisted she and Chris support their daughter and are ‘very protective’ of her. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  