Jessica Hawk-Ippolito, 52, always knew she didn’t want to have children. And yet, like so many other women and girls, people kept telling her she would change her mind. The teacher has now spoken out to answer common misconceptions about people who choose to be child-free, noting that she has no regrets and loves her life. Jessica, a teacher and international tutor, from Glassboro, New Jersey, US, said: ‘Even as a kid I never wanted a doll. I didn’t play mums and babies. ‘People always said I would change my mind. ‘And even on my wedding day someone asked when I would be having babies. ‘But it is my choice not to have them and it’s a deliberate choice. ‘I’ve had so much freedom to pursue my dreams. ‘I think children and motherhood is amazing – but it’s not for me despite what anyone says.’ Jessica says that by her teens, she had already made up her mind about not having children, instead focusing on her career and enjoying travelling the world. ‘I told anyone I was dating that it wasn’t something I wanted straight away,’ she said. ‘I knew if I ever wanted to be a parent, I’d want to be a stay-at-home mum but that wouldn’t make me happy. ‘People always said I’d change my mind, but I haven’t.’ When Jessica met her ex-husband, the couple were pleased to discover that neither of them wanted children – but found that they kept being asked about having a baby, even on their wedding day. But rather than becoming a parent, Jessica’s priority was journeying around the globe. She’s been able to travel to Italy, France, and more dream locations, all to teach children from around the world. ‘I’ve had so many incredible experiences,’ she said. ‘And I haven’t had to think of anyone but myself, so I’ve been able to jump at the opportunity. ‘I think people presume it is the next step and something you want and it’s great if you do.’ Jessica thinks having children is a wonderful thing, but it’s just not for her. And by sharing her story, she hopes to empower other people to stick to their gut feeling and embrace being child-free. ‘People think I’m lonely because I don’t have children but I’m not at all. ‘People think it’s wrong to be child free but it’s my choice to make. ‘They say “who will look after you when you are old?” ‘But I wouldn’t want to bring life into the world just to burden them with looking after me. ‘I love my life and I don’t regret never having kids.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What is gentle parenting – everything you need to know MORE : DIY mum transforms damp caravan for under £3,000, saving thousands on the project MORE : Couple who ditched renting to live in a van now can’t travel due to rising fuel prices