Polish police have arrested a 49-year-old man on suspicion of raping a teenage Ukrainian refugee at a camp after offering her a place to stay. The suspect could face up to 12 years in prison for the ‘brutal crime’, authorities said. He was detained on Thursday in the city of Wroclaw, charged with raping the 19-year-old woman he lured over the internet with offers of help. ‘She escaped from war-torn Ukraine, did not speak Polish. She trusted a man who promised to help and shelter her. Unfortunately, all this turned out to be deceitful manipulation,’ police said in a statement. Since the start of Vladimir Putin’s invasion on February 24, a total of 2.5 million people have fled Ukraine seeking refuge, in Europe’s fastest exodus since World War II. Close to 1.6 million of those have travelled to Poland, according to figures from the Polish Border Guard. The huge flow of people have led to concerns that human traffickers and other criminals could take advantage of the most vulnerable. Another man at a refugee camp in Poland was overheard promising work and a room to a 16-year-old girl before authorities intervened. Another case inside a refugee camp at Poland’s Medyka border, raised suspicions when a man was offering help only to women and children. When questioned by police, he changed his story. Police in Berlin warned women and children in a post on social media in Ukrainian and Russian against accepting offers of overnight stays, and urged them to report anything suspicious. Tamara Barnett, director of operations at the Human Trafficking Foundation, a UK based charity which grew out of the All Party Parliamentary Group on Human Trafficking, said that such a rapid, mass displacement of people could be a ‘recipe for disaster’. ‘When you’ve suddenly got a huge cohort of really vulnerable people who need money and assistance immediately,’ she said. ‘It’s sort of a breeding ground for exploitative situations and sexual exploitation. When I saw all these volunteers offering their houses – that flagged a worry in my head.’ The Migration Data Portal notes that humanitarian crises such as those associated with conflicts ‘can exacerbate pre-existing trafficking trends and give rise to new ones’ and that traffickers can thrive on ‘the inability of families and communities to protect themselves and their children’. Security officials in Romania and Poland said plain-clothed intelligence officers were on the lookout for criminal elements. In the Romanian border town of Siret, authorities said men offering free rides to women have been sent away. Human trafficking is a grave human rights violation and can involve a wide range of exploitative roles. From sexual exploitation – such as prostitution – to forced labour, from domestic slavery to organ removal, and forced criminality, it is often inflicted by traffickers through coercion and abuse of power. A 2020 human trafficking report by the European Commission, the EU’s executive branch, estimates the annual global profit from the crime is €29.4billion (£24.6billion). It says that sexual exploitation is the most common form of human trafficking in the 27-nation bloc and that nearly three-quarters of all victims are female, with almost every fourth victim a child. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.