More than one million Ukrainian children have fled their homeland in what has been described as the fastest-growing refugee crisis in Europe since World War II. Heartbreaking photos show toddlers being rescued from under the rubble of shelled apartment blocks. Social media has also been flooded with videos of dads saying goodbye to their children before heading to the frontline to fight in the war against Vladimir Putin. At least 37 children have been killed and 50 injured in the hands of Russian forces, according to the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF). Following the horrific bombing of a children’s hospital in the besieged port city of Mariupol, those numbers are likely to be much higher. ‘This attack, if confirmed, underscores the horrific toll this war is exacting on Ukraine’s children and families’, UNICEF executive director Catherine Russell said. Mariupol city council said the hospital had been hit several times by an air strike, killing two adults and a little girl, and injuring 17 civilians. At least 21 people including two children were also killed during bombings in the north-eastern city of Sumy on International Women’s Day. Ukrainian officials have repeatedly accused Russia of targeting civilian areas and bombing scores of children, women and elderly during agreed ceasefires. As a result, at least two million people – mostly women and children – have crossed the borders to countries like Poland, Hungary, Romania and Moldova. There have even been nearly unbelievable cases of children having to make the dangerous journey alone. ‘Amongst those fleeing, many are unaccompanied or have been separated from their parents or family members,’ Ms Russell warned earlier this week. ‘Children without parental care are at a heightened risk of violence, abuse and exploitation. ‘When these children are moved across borders, the risks are multiplied. The risk of trafficking also soars in emergencies. ‘UNICEF and UNHCR urge all neighbouring and impacted countries to ensure the immediate identification and registration of unaccompanied and separated children fleeing from Ukraine, after allowing them access to their territory.’ Despite the horrors of the war, children’s spirit has remained strong. Earlier this week, a young girl named Amelia was filmed singing ‘Let It Go’ from the Disney hit Frozen while stuck in a bomb shelter in Kyiv. She had spent six days in the bunker before her family finally made their way to safety in Poland, The Sun reported. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.