Pete Davidson has reportedly responded to Kanye West’s repeated jibes in a series of text messages – shared by writer and comic Dave Sirus in a post on his Instagram account. Taking to the social media platform, Dave wrote: ‘*A message from Pete*’, alongside sharing a series of screengrabs of text messages appearing to be between Pete and Kanye – before deleting the post. In the messages – thought to be from the SNL star – he appeared to refer to himself using the now-infamous moniker ‘Skete’, that Kanye has referred to him by throughout their confrontation. ‘Yo it’s Skete, Can you please take a second and calm down. It’s 8am and it don’t gotta be like this,’ he is thought to have said. ‘Kim is literally the best mother I’ve ever met. What she does for those kids is amazing and you are so f***ing lucky that she’s your kids mum.’ Someone thought to be Kanye quickly responded: ‘Oh you using profanity, Where are you right now?’ Pete appeared to reply with a photograph of himself sticking his tongue out, displaying his impressive collection of tattoos, alongside the text: ‘In bed with your wife’. In the back-and-forth, Kanye reportedly said he was happy to see ‘you’re out of the hospital and rehab’. Pete ‘jibed’: ‘Same here. It’s wonders what those places do when you go get help. You should try it. ‘I’m in LA for the day if you wanna stop being a little internet b**** boy and talk. ‘You don’t scare me bro, your actions are so p**** and embarrassing. It’s so sad to watch you ruin your legacy on the daily.’ ‘Why don’t we meet after Sunday service and Saints game … I’ll be at the BHH we can have food and talk it out in my room. Privately one on one. Man to man,’ the comedian reportedly said. ‘What you are doing to your family is dangerous and going to scar them for life. Please handle these matters privately bro I beg you.’ In the screenshots, Pete appears to share a series of text messages that went unanswered. ‘This isn’t public dude. I’m not here for pictures and press. Which is obviously all you care about. My offer stands. I wish you’d man up for once in your life,’ the messages read. Pete reportedly went on to discuss Kanye’s mental wellness in more depth, penning: ‘Let me help you man. I struggle with mental stuff too. It’s not an easy journey. ‘You don’t have to feel this way anymore. There’s no shame in having a little help. You’ll be so happy and at peace. ‘You have no idea how nice I’ve been to you despite your actions towards me. ‘I’ve stopped SNL from talking about or making fun of you which they’ve wanted to do for months. ‘I’ve stopped stand up comedians from doings bits about you cause I don’t want the father of my girls kids to look bad out there.’ ‘I have your back even though you treat me like s*** because I want everything to be smooth. ‘But if you continue to press me like you have for the past 6 months, I’m gonna stop being nice.’ The screengrabs have since been deleted from the Instagram account in question. Kanye and Pete have been locked in a public battle since Pete began dating Kanye’s estranged wife Kim Kardashian. The Gold Digger hitmaker, 44, has launched a series of attacks on the Saturday Night Live presenter, 28. More recently, Kanye attacked Pete in his music video for his latest release Eazy. In the video, he buried a claymation version of Pete in the ground after decapitating him, and then planted roses on his head. Kanye later defended the controversial video. In a statement on Instagram, he said: ‘Art is therapy just like this view. Art is protected as freedom of speech. ‘Art inspires and simplifies the world. Art is not a proxy for any ill or harm. Any suggestion otherwise about my art is false and mal intended 🖤.’ In response, Pete was thought to be unfazed, and a source close to the star told Entertainment Tonight he found the attacks ‘hysterical’. Metro.co.uk have reached out to Pete Davidson and Kanye West’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kanye West all smiles with Chaney Jones on basketball date after ex Kim Kardashian goes Instagram official with Pete Davidson MORE : Kanye West calls out Kim Kardashian over daughter North’s TikTok videos: ‘I said never again’ 