Ukrainian refugees arriving in Britain will be offered free onward travel, train operators have announced. Rail Delivery Group (RDG) chief executive Jac Starr said the scheme, which is aimed at helping people reach their final British destinations, will begin on Sunday because ‘as an industry we know this is the right thing to do’. Refugees will have to show a Ukrainian passport and a boarding pass or ticket showing their arrival into the UK in order to get free travel on the national rail network. They must also have arrived in the UK within the past 48-hours. All train operators in Britain are involved, the RDG said, with many bus and coach operators are also offering people free onward travel to their final destinations. Ms Starr said: ‘We have all been shocked by the tragedy unfolding in Ukraine. ‘As an industry we know this is the right thing to do, making sure families affected by this tragedy can be reunited as quickly as possible, and helping others get to safety. ‘Similar schemes have been launched on the Continent so I am proud that we are standing alongside our European rail family and doing what we can to help.’ The initiative will run for three months and then be reviewed, a RDG spokesperson said. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has led to the fastest-growing refugee crisis in Europe since the Second World War, according to the UN’s high commissioner for refugees Filippo Grandi. Millions of people have fled the country since Russian president Vladimir Putin ordered his troops to invade on February 24. The majority of those who have left Ukraine are women and children. Men of fighting age have remained. Transport secretary Grant Shapps said: ‘We are working tirelessly to help Ukrainians travelling to Britain fleeing conflict. ‘It is hugely welcome that the transport industry has come together to offer free rail, tram, bus and coach onward travel from any international port, airport or train station. ‘The UK stands with the Ukrainian people and those fleeing Putin’s brutal invasion.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.