Dancing On Ice presenter Holly Willoughby has tested positive for Covid, the show has confirmed. While the law no longer requires those with the virus to self-isolate, the This Morning host will be absent from tonight’s semi-final, leaving co-star Phillip Schofield to front the series on his own. ‘Unfortunately, Holly Willoughby is unable to host tonight’s show after testing positive for Covid-19,’ a rep confirmed. ‘We look forward to Holly returning for the Dancing on Ice Live Final.’ While Holly has yet to publicly address her absence, fans have been busy wishing her a speedy recovery on social media. ‘Get better soon Holly,’ one penned as another added: ‘This is not the news you want to see on a Sunday!’ This isn’t the first time the 2022 series of Dancing On Ice has been rocked by Covid. Phil missed an episode of the show last month after testing positive with the virus with Stephen Mulhern standing in as his replacement. Professional skater Vanessa Bauer had to also temporarily pull out of the competition in February due to a positive test result. Her dance partner, Strictly Come Dancing star Brendan Cole, was instead matched with Brendyn Hatfield. In January, Happy Mondays dancer Bez tested positive for Covid, the day after making his Dancing On Ice debut. The 57-year-old said at the time that he was ‘gutted’ that he will miss training but is looking forward to skating again in week three. Tonight’s Dancing On Ice will see the remaining celebrities battle it out for a place in the final. The famous faces still in the running for the title include former Strictly Come Dancing professional dancer Brendan Cole, The Vamps musician Connor Ball, Pussycat Dolls singer Kimberly Wyatt, Olympic BMX racer Kye Whyte, and professional dancer Regan Gascoigne. Dancing On Ice airs tonight at 7.30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jussie Smollett’s brother claims Empire star now in ‘psych ward’ after being jailed for staging hate crime MORE : Frankie Bridge underwent surgery to remove eggshell from ear left over from I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! 