Frank Lampard suggested the majority of his Everton team gave up during their 5-0 mauling at the hands of Tottenham Hotspur on Monday night. The Toffees defended incredibly badly in north London, finding themselves 3-0 down at half-time and it really could have been worse. Any hope of a second half comeback was immediately killed off as half-time substitute Sergio Reguilon scored with his first touch just a minute after coming on, before Harry Kane scored his second goal and the final one of the match on 55 minutes. The loss leaves Everton 17th in the Premier League and firmly in the relegation battle, with Lampard saying he demands more effort from his players. Looking for postiives from the dreadful night for Everton, Lampard picked out young forward Anthony Gordon, but said only ‘a couple’ of other players ‘didn’t give up’ in the match. ‘We have to think in the bigger picture, that there are 13 games to go for us, eight of those at home and teams around us are having difficulties,’ Lampard told Sky Sports. ‘We have to understand that before I came in there were issues which are becoming more clear to me every day. ‘But the important thing, as I lead it, is the positivity stays. Not stupid positivity. There’s nothing positive about tonight, really, other than probably Anthony Gordon and a couple of performances of credit in terms of people that didn’t give up. ‘That should be the absolute bare minimum, I demand that and it gives me a lot of food for thought going forward.’ Everton’s next two games are at home against Wolves and Newcastle, which will be crucial in their bid for Premier League survival. Things get very sticky for the Toffees at the end of the campaign, with four of their last five fixtures against Liverpool, Chelsea, Leicester and Arsenal. MORE : Harry Kane reacts to going past Thierry Henry on all-time Premier League top-scorers list MORE : ‘That is a Championship back four’ – Jamie Carragher blasts Everton defence in Tottenham mauling For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 