This is Wildine Aumoithe, the woman who holds the Guinness World Record for being the shortest woman in the world. Wildine is 19 and just 72cm tall. When she was born, doctors weren’t sure if she would be able to survive her first 24 hours. She was diagnosed with a rare form of dwarfism known as SADDAN dysplasia and now aims to educate others about her situation via YouTube. Her dwarfism causes Wildine, from Miami, Florida, US, to suffer from long term health issues. The student said: ‘I am really proud to be the first Haitian-American to hold a shortest woman world record. ‘I’ve been through a lot. I was even sent to a hospice for six months after birth as doctors didn’t think I’d make it. ‘But finally, I was allowed to come home.’ She relies on her mother, who she calls her ‘best friend’, to help her out with certain daily tasks. She explained: ‘I don’t really walk much anymore because my legs are bowed. ‘But I have a power wheelchair which goes up and down which is really an extension of my mobility. ‘My mum helps me out with lots of things too, like getting dressed and reaching things high up. ‘My mum is like my best friend. ‘I’ve always had a really positive reaction on social media. ‘Someone even made a fan page of me.’ Wildine plans to go to university to study pharmacology later this year and has been homeschooled from her custom-made desk during the pandemic. She misses her friends, but must stay home as her dwarfism means she’s extremely vulnerable to the virus. She said: ‘I’m currently a high school senior, I’m graduating in May. ‘I’m pretty normal in high school and all my friends accept me for who I am. ‘Because of coronavirus I’ve been doing virtual school online. ‘I do miss my friends, but that’s the only real negative about homeschooling.’ Wildine has been using social media to help break down the stigma of dwarfism. ‘I want people to learn a bit about my dwarfism, just because I’m short I’m still a regular person,’ she said. ‘I don’t want to let anything hold me back. ‘I just have to find a way to do things – my own way.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : As someone with dwarfism I know that renaming Midget Gems is not ‘woke’ – it’s long overdue MORE : Peter Dinklage slams ‘backwards’ Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs remake: ‘What the f*** are you doing?’ MORE : Meet the fashion blogger with dwarfism showing you can be stylish at any size