Machine Gun Kelly would love to get BTS to sing at his and Megan Fox’s wedding. The Bad Things musicians – who proposed to the 35-year-old actress in January – is busy planning their nuptials, and he admitted the K-Pop superstars could be the perfect band to play on their big day. Appearing on the Ellen DeGeneres Show, MGK, 31, was asked which band he’d want to perform and said: ‘Which boy-band am I going to know the most songs of? For sure, NSYNC. ‘But which boy-band do I surprisingly know all these facts about? BTS. I met them at the Billboard Awards and they were like stoked to meet me. I think I have a better chance of getting BTS to come.’ The loved up couple also have a new arrival of sorts after adopting a 12-week-old Bengal kitten named Whiskey, and the pet has been causing chaos at their home. MGK added: ‘I didn’t know that [his claws were] like actual, like ocelot. It’s like a little leopard. Last night, it climbed up my body. I was like, “Oh my god. He’s becoming cuddly. This is great.” ‘And he bit my ear because I have these dangling earrings. He went crazy on my ear and I went, “Aaaah!” Yeah, he went through two mattresses and he’s peed on all of the mattresses.’ Meanwhile, MGK recently admitted he’s struggling to bring his ‘artistic’ vision for their wedding to life. Asked about his wedding plans on The Late Late Show With James Corden, he said: ‘The location is hard.’ The star would love for their wedding venue to feature a ‘red river’ and ‘gothic’ elements, while it’s reported they are determined to enjoy the perfect wedding day and can’t wait to tie the knot. A source recently shared: ‘They have talked about wedding plans and want something very dark yet romantic, that shows off their luxe and sexy sides, with black and red colours, lace. ‘Megan and Machine Gun Kelly know that they are each other’s soulmates, so they want to get married sooner than later.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Machine Gun Kelly designed Megan Fox’s engagement ring with thorns ‘so if she takes it off, it hurts’ MORE : BTS’s Jungkook graduates from university with prestigious President’s award proving there’s nothing he can’t do 