 Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove was forced to backtrack this morning after claiming Britain had taken in 300,000 Ukrainian refugees – before correcting himself to say it was actually just 3,000. Appearing on Sky News’ Sophy Ridge on Sunday, Mr Gove was asked for an update on the number of refugees from Ukraine that the UK has accepted. Mr Gove said: Yes, we’ve had more than 300,000 visas that have been issued,’ adding that, from Tuesday, the majority of people will no longer have to apply for visas at visa application centres and Ukrainian passports will be accepted. But when Ridge asked him to clarify the 300,000 figure – pointing out it was a steep jump from 1,305 announced on Thursday, Mr Gove said: ‘3,000, more than 3,000.’ ‘That is quite an escalation otherwise,’ Ridge suggested. On Monday, it was revealed how the UK had granted just 50 visas – equivalent to just 1% of applications. Meanwhile other European nations have taken in record numbers of people, including Poland, which has welcomed more than 1million. Mr Gove appeared on the programme as the Government unveiled a new Homes for Ukraine scheme, which will pay British households who take in people fleeing the conflict £350 per month. Meanwhile local authority areas will be entitled to receive more than £10,000 per refugee, with additional payments for school-age children that need to be accommodated by the education system, Mr Gove said. He said he is in the process of ‘seeking to see what I can do’ as an individual to help Ukrainian refugees. When asked if he would be signing up to offer a room to a person in need, Mr Gove said: ‘I’m going to make sure that I do everything I can as an individual to support. ‘It is the case that something like one in 10 UK citizens, which is an amazing amount, have said that they want to do something to help. ‘But we want to make sure that people are in a position to help, because inevitably it’s a significant commitment.’ Pressed further on whether that meant he would be offering a room, he said: ‘I’m in the process of seeking to see what I can do, yes.’ Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer – who has pledged to take in a Ukrainian family fleeing the war zone – this morning hit out at the Government for having ‘no concrete plan’. And he branded the Home Office’s handling of the crisis as an ‘embarrassment for the United Kingdom’. He also maintained Prime Minister Boris Johnson has ‘lost the moral authority to lead’ – but said he is remaining focused on Ukraine, not the party-gate scandal. Sir Keir said: ‘I haven’t changed my mind on Boris Johnson. I think he has lost the moral authority to lead. I don’t think he is fit to be our Prime Minister. ‘I can’t force him to resign. Only Tory MPs can do that. But I have to say that just at the moment, my total focus is on the Ukraine and what we have to do in response to the Russian aggression there. ‘I think everybody will understand that my focus is on that vital issue just at the moment.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.