A beautiful three-villa estate has gone up for auction – with no reserve. This means the incredible French property will go to the highest bidder, regardless of the price. But that price is likely to be pretty steep. Nestled within the mountains of Saint-Tropez, this stunning turnkey estate comes with three separate, luxurious villas spread out over five acres of land. Across 8,234 sq ft are 11 bedrooms, seven full bathrooms, five half bathrooms, a private tennis court and fitness room, along with a refrigerated wine and storage cellar. Two of the villas boast private heated outdoor swimming pools, which come with a picturesque view of the stunning French countryside. Inside, there’s pristine white flooring between the open-plan living room and kitchen, that will make you feel like you’re permanently on holiday. Spacious bedrooms with their own en suites look out onto gardens and mountains, offering a pretty special backdrop to your morning. Outside, there’s a private courtyard and enough parking spaces for up to 15 cars. Just a stone’s throw away from the beach and an hours’ drive from the popular holiday spot of Nice, the location is perfect for long, hot summer days. In the local town, you’ll find romantic stone houses and historic streets, and if you want to visit further afield, a high-speed rail station with trains to Cannes is on your doorstep. Originally listed for €7 million (£5.82 million) the estate will go to auction next month with Concierge Auctions, going to the highest bidder regardless of price. The seller said: ‘We’re excited to partner with Concierge Auctions – especially after their many successes in France. ‘We’re eager to get this property in front of a global audience as a part of the company’s extremely far-reaching network of high-net-worth buyers, in addition to the added buzz surrounding their Global Sale. ‘It just made sense for us to capitalize on this opportunity and we know it will pay off come auction day.’ Bidding is set to be held from April 1 with no reserve and can be placed online. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : New family-friendly ski resort offers  everything from after-dinner shows to heli-skiing MORE : Angry Shih Tzu goes from aggressive to adorable during chilled out haircut MORE : Struggling to declutter? This simple trick makes it so much easier