Alan Cumming has revealed how he felt ‘powerless’ while suffering abuse at the hands of his father during his childhood. The Goldeneye actor grew up with his brother in Aberfeldy, Perthshire and lived on the Panmure Estate, where his father was head forester. However, it was not a happy childhood for the actor who was horribly mistreated by his dad. Speaking to Lauren Laverne on Desert Island Discs, Cumming said: ‘My dad didn’t break my spirit. ‘I feel that the qualities you need to deal with someone who is an adult who is abusing you, and you are powerless, are good qualities for being an actor. ‘Listening, pretending you are not feeling what you are feeling, not showing fear. ‘I always knew that I was going to get out and I was going to live the life I wanted to lead. And I was helped by some of the people in this playlist today.’ The X-Men star  added that the abuse was ‘very violent’ and that sometimes he had ‘terror for [his] life’ and thought: ‘Oh my God, I am going to die here.’ In another heartbreaking revelation, the 57-year-old reveals his dad did not believe the actor was his biological son, which Cumming only discovered when he got back in contact with him shortly before filming his episode of the series, Who Do You Think You Are?, after nearly 20 years of being estranged. Cumming disproved his dad’s claims through a DNA test. ‘The crazy thing is that none of that was true,’ the Emma star recalled. ‘He had made it up. I eventually had this DNA test because I didn’t believe him and I had to then phone up my dad and tell him – and disappoint him – that I was his son. ‘The phone call ended and I knew he was dying. He had cancer and stuff. ‘I told him I thought he was a coward, because I had been the one to go and find out the truth – and (he) had used a fallacy that he had believed as a justification to abuse me all these years.’ The Scottish actor continued: ‘So I said all the things I could possible want to say to him, and I went to say, “OK, I have got to go now, take care, I will talk to you” – and I went, “No I won’t, I actually won’t talk to you again – but take care”. ‘So I said goodbye to him in that thing as well.’ Cumming revealed that once he put the phone down, he realised he was wearing full drag, as he was shooting in South Africa and playing a transvestite. He said: ‘It was just perfect. ‘I thought if my father could see me right now, it would be his worst nightmare probably. Not anything I thought I would have to go through.’ Desert Island Discs is on BBC Radio 4 and BBC Sounds on Sunday at 11am. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bridgerton season 2 review: Ravishing love story eventually finds its stride in swoonworthy return on Netflix MORE : Peaky Blinders: Amber Anderson spills on behind-the-scenes secrets, including eyebrow bleaching and singalongs with Sam Claflin 