Piers Morgan’s controversial opinions, polarising social media posts, and passionate outbursts on Good Morning Britain always sparked a reaction from the public, both good and bad – but after a shocking 48 hours, the host walked away from the set for good. During his six-year run on the breakfast show, the outspoken commentator has weighed in on almost every topic possible from veganism to Love Island, from government scandals to gender identity politics, and his co-host and TV wife  Susanna Reid stood by his side and rolled her eyes during the process. However, in a move none of us saw coming, Piers confirmed his departure from Good Morning Britain on Tuesday, March 9 2021 following Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s two-hour tell-all with Oprah Winfrey. Following his notorious exit from the news programme, a spotlight has followed Piers’ every move, with people wondering what the journalist might say or do next. And as today marks the anniversary of the explosive exit, we’ve compiled a list of the key moments that followed the monumentally meme-able moment. Before we delve in, it’s only right we journey back to the statements that triggered the following events. Due to Piers’ ongoing dislike of the Duchess of Sussex, which has resulted in unique references from ‘Princess Pinocchio to ‘me-me-me-Meghan’ we predicted his response to her and Harry’s interview was going to be electric. However, it was his comments about her mental health that put the wheels in motion on his exit. ‘Who did you go to? What did they say to you? I’m sorry, I don’t believe a word she said, Meghan Markle,’ he exclaimed in the early hours of the morning after she claimed no one at Buckingham Palace took any notice of her struggles with mental health. ‘I wouldn’t believe it if she read me weather report. The fact that she’s fired up this onslaught against our Royal family I think is contemptible.’ After ITV launched its landmark mental health campaign Britain Get Talking in 2019, viewers at home and charities slammed Piers’ comments as ‘potentially harmful and offensive.’ In a showdown that will go down in the GMB hall of fame, weatherman Alex Beresford and Piers engaged in a heated war of words, with Alex stating that Meghan had ‘every right’ to cut him off. Piers got up and walked off the set, saying: ‘I’m done with this. Sorry. You can trash me, mate, but not on my own show’, with Alex calling his behaviour ‘diabolical’. Fast forward a few hours later, ITV confirmed that Piers would no longer host Good Morning Britain, after he refused to apologise over his comments. A short statement read: ‘Following discussions with ITV, Piers Morgan has decided now is the time to leave Good Morning Britain. ‘ITV has accepted this decision and has nothing further to add.’ Piers’ departure remained a hot topic of conversation, with several celebrities putting in their two cents verbally and online. Scottish presenter Lorraine Kelly understood that when it comes to Piers, you either love him or loathe him, but expressed that his presence would be missed, nonetheless. ‘I know the Piers divided opinion, of course he did, you know there was that marmite factor,’ she said. ‘It will be a lot quieter and a lot calmer, but he definitely will be missed. I don’t think breakfast television will ever be the same again, that’s for sure,’ she added. Even rapper Stormzy addressed the furore on Dave’s hit single Clash, reciting: ‘Off the set they storm like Piers/ That’s what I call morning tears.’ Savage but catchy. And of course, Geordie duo Ant and Dec poked fun at the former Britain’s Got Talent judge, offering him a gig on I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here!. ‘Well he’s not working at the moment, so he’ll be looking for a job,’ Ant joked on Lorraine’s morning show. Close friend and long-serving co-host Susanna, who has been joined by the likes of Martin Lewis, Richard Madeley, and Adil Ray on GMB, recently reflected on how the last 12 months have been without him. ‘We stay in touch and he’s a really important person in my life. We had such an amazing time and that was an incredible dynamic,’ she told The Sun’s Fabulous magazine. The controversial episode, which currently has over three million views on YouTube, sparked 57,121 complaints to Ofcom, rising above the initial number of 41,000 viewer complaints recorded at the time. A statement from the regulator said: ‘We can confirm that this issue has attracted the highest number of complaints since our reporting began.’ But natural charmer Piers responded: ‘Only 57,000? I’ve had more people than that come up & congratulate me in the street for what I said. The vast majority of Britons are right behind me.’ Trailing behind, Harry and Meghan’s interview received 6,486 complaints. Although he wasn’t too fazed by the Ofcom debacle, the regulator eventually ruled that Piers was entitled to share his opinions in September 2021. In a ruling that was 97 pages long – yes, 97 – Ofcom stated that while comments were ‘potentially harmful and offensive’, Good Morning Britain did not breach the broadcasting code. Ofcom’s conclusion in its report stated: ‘The interview between the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and Oprah Winfrey contained serious allegations and it was legitimate for this programme to discuss and scrutinise those claims including their veracity. Ofcom is clear that, consistent with freedom of expression, Mr Morgan was entitled to say he disbelieved the Duke and Duchess’s allegations and to hold and express strong views that rigorously challenged their account. ‘The Code allows for individuals to express strongly held and robustly argued views, including those that are potentially harmful or highly offensive, and for broadcasters to include these in their programming. The restriction of such views would, in our view, be an unwarranted and chilling restriction on freedom of expression both of the broadcaster and the audience.’ Naturally, the former GMB frontman took to social media in celebration and even called for his position back. He tweeted: ‘I’m delighted OFCOM has endorsed my right to disbelieve the Duke & Duchess of Sussex’s incendiary claims to Oprah Winfrey, many of which have proven to be untrue. ‘This is a resounding victory for free speech and a resounding defeat for Princess Pinocchios. Do I get my job back?’ Not that he was unemployed for too long… In September 2021, six months after quitting Good Morning Britain, Piers confirmed he’ll be joining forces with his former boss and media tycoon Rupert Murdoch in NewsUK’s new channel, TalkTV. Piers said in a statement at the time: ‘I’m thrilled to be returning to News Corp. which is where I began my media career more than 30 years ago. Rupert Murdoch has been a constant and fearless champion of free speech and we are going to be building something new and very exciting together. ‘I want my global show to be a fearless forum for lively debate and agenda-setting interviews, and a place that celebrates the right of everyone to have an opinion, and for those opinions to be vigorously examined and challenged.’ While we’re still waiting on an official release date, it’s thought Piers will make his long-awaited return to the small screen this spring, and the star has kept us in the loop with regular updates on social media, including a cheeky look at his spacious studio. And after the hectic 12-month journey, you wouldn’t believe who Piers wants as a first guest.….. Meghan. Oh boy! ‘If Meghan Markle’s watching – I’m sure she is – if you want to be my first guest, we have a bit of unfinished business. I’m available,’ he said on Sky News Australia. As the saying goes, a lot can happen in a year, but Piers still stands strong in his views 365 days later. Reflecting on his biggest controversial moment to date he tweeted: ‘A year ago today, I went for a little stroll… and in the words of Edith Piaf, je ne regrette rien! #LongWalkToFreedomOfSpeech.’ Classic Piers! Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Good Morning Britain star Susanna Reid to step away from ‘extra work’ for her family: ‘I’ve made the decision this year’ MORE : Piers Morgan boasts he’s ‘already ruffling the right feathers’ ahead of TalkTV launch: ‘I can’t wait’ 