The new Netflix series of Formula One’s Drive to Survive is officially out and one scene has already gone viral with Christian Horner making his thoughts about Sir Lewis Hamilton crystal clear. The fourth series of the popular behind-the-scenes documentary following the latest F1 season promises to be one of the most exciting yet. This edition will document Hamilton’s quest for a record eighth world championship, only to be denied by Red Bull’s Max Verstappen on the last lap of the Abu Dhabi decider back in December. Footage from the latest series shows Red Bull boss Horner voicing his frustrations at Hamilton’s words when watching the driver give an interview. When asked on the podium following his latest title victory whether there was a limit to what he could achieve in Formula One, Hamilton replied: ‘I feel like I’m just getting started.’ Horner then appears to mutter under his breath and seemingly towards Hamilton: ‘I wish he’d shut the f*** up.’ Watching Hamilton on screen he adds: ‘How many times do we have to watch this s***?’ The release of the new series comes just in time for the 2022 season getting underway, which begins on March 20 in Bahrain. Many are expecting Hamilton and Verstappen’s rivalry to intensify this year given last year’s controversial ending and the Mercedes driver insists they certainly aren’t friends on the track. ‘There’s so many nice comments, and then there’s trolling,’ he said of last season. ‘If I’d read the comments after Silverstone, the racial abuse, I could have downward spiralled into a negative place. I don’t let that volatile medium control myself. ‘You’ve got to be careful because obviously the way the media hype up the drama, also creates a narrative to the fans, and for me and Max. ‘We see each other in the paddocks, things are normal, we’re two drivers, pretty much like you, we have a sense of how much we like driving. On the other side, we’re ruthless, that’s what you have to be, in business, hopefully with a bit of compassion. ‘We’re fighters, there’s no friends on the track, and so it’s a constant… some days we get it right, sometimes we get it wrong, but it’s important we keep respect.’ MORE : Lewis Hamilton wants full FIA investigation findings into Michael Masi controversy made public MORE : Christian Horner in Mercedes row as Red Bull deny quotes claiming Lewis Hamilton’s new car ‘is not legal’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 