DC’s The Flash star Ezra Miller was arrested after an incident at a bar in Honolulu, Hawaii, on Sunday night. The 29-year-old actor ‘became agitated while patrons at the bar began singing karaoke’, according to police. Reports claim Miller ‘began yelling obscenities and at one point grabbed the microphone from a 23-year-old woman singing karaoke…and later lunged at a 32-year-old man playing darts.’ The actor was arrested and charged, but released after paying his $500 bail (£380). Addressing the arrest on the Hawaii Police Department Facebook page, the cops wrote: ‘Shortly after midnight on Monday, March 28, 2022, a 29-year-old visiting from Vermont was arrested and charged for disorderly conduct and harassment after an incident at a bar in Hilo. ‘On Sunday, March 27, at 11:30 p.m., South Hilo patrol officers responded to a report of disorderly patron at a bar on Silva Street. During the course of their investigation, police determined that the [person], later identified as Ezra Miller, became agitated while patrons at the bar began singing karaoke. ‘Miller began yelling obscenities and at one point grabbed the microphone from a 23-year-old woman singing karaoke (disorderly conduct offense) and later lunged at a 32-year-old man playing darts (harassment offense). ‘The bar owner asked Miller to calm down several times to no avail.’ Miller, who identifies as non-binary, launched their acting career in 2008 when they starred in his first feature film, Afterschool. They then went to star as Kevin in the drama We Need to Talk About Kevin in 2011 and The Perks Of Being A Wallflower one year later. Miller also plays Flash in the DC Extended Universe, having appeared in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, Justice League, and Suicide Squad. Metro.co.uk has contacted Miller’s rep for additional comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 