Vladimir Putin invaded Ukraine because he was scared the country’s success would trigger a pro-democracy revolution in Moscow, Boris Johnson has said. The prime minister said Mr Putin was in a ‘total panic’ over the prospect of a popular uprising if freedom was allowed to flourish in Kyiv. Speaking at the Conservative Party spring conference in Blackpool Mr Johnson said the war in Ukraine was a ‘turning point for the world’. He said the conflict was forcing countries to stand up to Russia rather than ‘making accommodations with tyranny’. Failure to support Ukraine now would result in a ‘new age of intimidation across eastern Europe from the Baltic to the Black Sea’, the PM warned. Mr Johnson said Mr Putin’s actions were not the result of concern about Nato – ‘he didn’t really believe that Ukraine was going to join Nato any time soon’ – or the prospect of Western missiles being based there. He also dismissed Mr Putin’s ‘crazy essay’ about the historical unity of the people of the two countries as ‘semi-mystical guff’ and ‘Nostradamus meets Russian Wikipedia’. ‘I think he was frightened of Ukraine for an entirely different reason,’ Mr Johnson said to an audience including Kyiv’s representative in the UK, Vadym Prystaiko. ‘He was frightened of Ukraine because in Ukraine they have a free press and in Ukraine they have free elections.’ It is ‘precisely because Ukraine and Russia have been so historically close that he has been terrified of the effect of that Ukrainian model on him and on Russia’. ‘He has been in a total panic about a so-called colour revolution in Moscow itself and that is why he is trying so brutally to snuff out the flame of freedom in Ukraine and that’s why it is so vital that he fails,’ Mr Johnson said. The prime minister also warned ‘a victorious Putin’ would not stop in Ukraine and the end of freedom in the nation would also mean the ‘extinction of any hope of freedom in Georgia and then Moldova’. ‘It will mean the beginning of a new age of intimidation across eastern Europe from the Baltic to the Black Sea,’ Mr Johnson added. The Tory party leader acknowledged there was little hope of an imminent change in Russian leadership. ‘I don’t believe that democratic freedoms are going to sprout any time soon in the Kremlin, far from it. ‘But with every day that passes I think that Putin becomes a more glaring advertisement for the system that he hates and despises, and it becomes ever more obvious why we have to stick up for Ukraine.’ Mr Johnson told his party the West needed to take ‘bold steps’ to wean itself off Moscow’s fuel supplies. He also made clear that the UK intends to push ahead with North Sea oil and gas development saying the country will ‘make better use of our own naturally occurring hydrocarbons’. The comments come after Mr Johnson visited Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates earlier this week to try and get the Gulf states to increase their oil production. But Mr Johnson failed to win any oil commitments from either country, and instead found himself deflecting allegations of going from ‘dictator to dictator’ over the nations’ human rights records. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.