Twee is an aesthetic that’s currently trending on TikTok and is defined by the Oxford Dictionary as ‘excessively or affectedly quaint, pretty, or sentimental.’ But it’s not just the fashion world that’s recently seen a resurgence in these whimsical and feminine pieces – the beauty world is also getting involved. Twee hair is back again too and it embodies that classic girl-next-door look (think Jessica Day from New Girl). For those not clued-up, the hair trend is nod to popular retro styles, typically known from the 50s and 60s – but ones that had a revival in 2010. Nicole Petty, a hair expert at Milk + Blush, says pop culture could be the reason people are turning to ‘twee’ hair at the moment. She tells Metro.co.uk: ‘For quite a while now, TikTok has been a space for creating and sharing the latest trends and hacks when it comes to hair and beauty. ‘But one hairstyle that the platform has surprisingly seen a resurgence is “twee” hair. ‘Most recently seen on Maude Apatow, who plays Lexi Howard in Euphoria, it seems the hit HBO show has inspired yet another trending hairstyle thanks to its popularity.’ So, what exactly is the style – and how can you achieve it? Nicole explains: ‘Twee hair mainly consists of eye-framing bangs and barely-there layers, plus it seems to have been adopted by brunettes mainly. ‘The style is so subtle and effortless – not designed to turn heads, but for simplicity, reminiscent of the traditional girl next door.’ If you want to give the trend a go, Nicole explains how you can achieve the throwback style. She says: ‘If you want to follow in the footsteps of stars such as Maude Apatow or Zoey Deschanel, this trend is a fairly simplistic and girly style that shouldn’t take too much time to replicate. ‘Ask your hairdresser to start with your fringe, cutting in eye-framing bangs, with subtle layers, to level with your eyebrows. ‘The extremity of the bangs is up to you, as blunt, curtain, and side bangs all suit the twee aesthetic. ‘Next, ask for long, barely-there layers throughout the rest of your mane and opt for a textured look by adding in messy waves.’ And there you have it – one of the biggest hair trends of 2022. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The power bob is the haircut trend you need to know MORE : Mixie haircut: A guide to the new pixie mullet trend for 2022 MORE : A guide to ‘bixie’ hair – the trend that’s everywhere at the moment