The US government has officially declared that Russian military forces have committed war crimes with their invasion and war on Ukraine. ‘Today, I can announce that, based on information currently available, the US government assesses that members of Russia’s forces have committed war crimes in Ukraine,’ Secretary of State Antony Blinken stated on Wednesday. ‘Our assessment is based on a careful review of available information from public and intelligence sources.’ Blinken’s official statement comes after he, President Joe Biden and Deputy Secretary of State Wendy Sherman previously shared personal opinions that Russia was committing war crimes. ‘As with any alleged crime, a court of law with jurisdiction over the crime is ultimately responsible for determining criminal guilt in specific cases,’ Blinken stated. ‘The US government will continue to track reports of war crimes and will share information we gather with allies, partners, and international institutions and organizations, as appropriate.’ Blinken added that the US is ‘committed to pursuing accountability using every tool available, including criminal prosecutions.’ The secretary of state issued his statement as he flew with Biden to Europe for an emergency Nato summit and a visit to Poland, to reinforce the West’s commitment to backing Ukraine. US officials initially avoided calling Russia’s attacks war crimes – even as graphic images surfaced of bombings at hospitals and residential areas. But last week, Biden used the phrase when asked by reporters to comment on Russian President Vladimir Putin’s moves. ‘I think he is a war criminal,’ Biden said. At the time, US officials quickly said the president was speaking from his heart, versus based on detailed legal analysis used to officially declare acts to be war crimes. But Blinken was quick to back Biden’s remarks. ‘President Biden said that in his opinion, war crimes have been committed in Ukraine,’ Blinken said. ‘Personally, I agree. Intentionally targeting civilians is a war crime.’ The US and its allies have sent weapons and security assistance to Ukraine, helping it resist Russia, which has attacked various cities but made its main advance roughly 10 miles from Kyiv. Russia has suffered more losses than it anticipated and is relying on missiles and long-range artillery, said US defense officials. Meanwhile, more than 3.5million civilians have fled Ukraine, according to a United Nations estimate. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.