Mayfair restaurant Sketch is known for is decor as much as its food, with its iconic pink Gallery room setting the scene for thousands of Instagram photo-shoots. But the influencers and thirst trappers who flock there will have a new backdrop to get used to, after a remodel that’s left the dining room looking completely transformed. Prior to the change, the walls and ceilings were painted a marshmallow pink colour, with matching velvet banquette seating and shell chairs standing out against neutral chevron flooring. Artwork by David Shrigley lined the walls, ambiently lit by gold art deco style lanterns and rose tinted tabletop candles. Now, however, there’s not a drop of pink in sight. The makeover was overseen by Iranian-French architect India Mahdavi, who also designed the original pink interior (which was originally supposed to be changed after two years, but kept by after it was such a hit) back in 2014. Gone are the pastel furniture and candy-hued illustrations, replaced by shiny copper walls that reflect light and make the room feel brighter and bigger. A bronze screen behind the bar adds as an extra touch of elegance. British-Nigerian artist Yinka Shonibare CBE created 14 pieces of art for the restaurant, and the work of African creatives has been showcased throughout. The seating is upholstered with plush yellow fabric by Senegalese artist Aissa Dione, while the wall lights have been made by the Ghanaian weavers who work with craftsperson Inès Bressand. The chef at the Gallery, Pierre Gagnaire, has also introduced a new dish to the hotspot’s menu, Yinka Rice. Inspired by popular West African dish jollof rice, it’s made with a spicy tomato and soya sauce and fried plantain. A similar ‘homage’ dish didn’t go very well for Jamie Oliver back in the day, so we await your reviews on this one eagerly. Yinka Shonibare said her work included in the new remodel was inspired by Pablo Picasso’s collection. She added: ‘After Matisse showed Picasso African art for the first time, it changed the history of modern art. ‘Picasso was interested in appropriating from another culture, and I also appropriate from European ethnic art. Cultural appropriation can be a two-way street.’ Although you’ll no longer be able to get your Millennial pink fix at Sketch anymore, you won’t be short on beautiful art and refined elegance. If anything, it’s now a race to see who posts the new bright and sunny Gallery room before it becomes as ubiquitous as the pink one. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Sleeping on it’ really does help you make better decisions – here’s how MORE : Five-bed house is on sale for £200k – but it’s not in the best shape inside