Nick Kyrgios lost his cool once again in his defeat at the Miami Open as he criticised the umpire and also smashed up his racket. The Australian suffered a 7-6, 6-3 defeat to Jannik Sinner to crash out in the fourth round and made headlines for all the wrong reasons as he clashed with chair umpire, Carlos Bernardes. Kyrgios had issues with the surface, suggesting it was too slow, and also complained about the volume of Bernandes’ walkie-talkie. ‘Unbelievable!’ he shouted in the first set during a change of ends. ‘Miami – one of the biggest tournaments – and you guys can’t do your jobs. It’s embarrassing! ‘He should be fired on the spot. Get a new set of referees, these guys don’t know how to do s***. It’s a joke. ‘Get rid of every single staff and start over. Everything. I will run the sport. ‘I could do 100 times a better job. Marketing. Everything. You guys have no idea. None. You guys can’t even ref right.’ After falling behind in the tie-break, the 26-year-old proceeded to smash his racket into the ground which resulted in him being docked a point before double faulting and gifting the first set to Sinner. Things soon escalated further when security were forced to intervene after a member of the crowd entered the court in a bid to get a selfie with the Aussie. As for Sinner, he let his tennis do the talking and admitted he just stayed focus on his own game to avoid the distractions taking place on the other side of the net. ‘I just tried to stay in the present moment,’ he told Amazon Prime. ‘I know that he can raise his level immediately, especially when he breaks. At 4-3 (in the second set) if I serve worse there, he can get back into the match. ‘I tried to stay calm somehow and think I’ve done a great job today. ‘Today, I raised my level a bit. I tried to play a bit more aggressive. The conditions are a bit easier, it’s not as windy. ‘I tried to stay close to the lines. I also served well in important moments. It can give me a lot of confidence for the next round.’ Frances Tiafoe or Francisco Cerundolo await Sinner in the next round. MORE : ‘F****** none!’ – Nick Kyrgios taunts rival Casper Ruud after beating him at Indian Wells MORE : Nick Kyrgios hits out at former tennis players for criticising Emma Raducanu For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 