Six flood alerts are in place in the South of England, but a dry and sunny spell is on the way for most of the country. Temperatures are expected to rise gently throughout the week, potentially peaking at 16C by Thursday. Cars were pictures making their way across the Hundred Foot Washes in the Norfolk Fenlands which burst its banks after heavy rainfall. Fields on either side of the road were left submerged with water, with warnings that farmland nearby could also be flooded. The Environment agency has issued flood alerts in the Hundred Foot Washes in Cambridgeshire and Norfolk, the River Lugg south of Leominster and the River Thame and Chalgrove Brook in Oxfordshire. Warnings have also been issued for the South Devon coast from Start Point to Dawlish Warren, Sutton Gault Causeway in Cambridgeshire and Welney Causeway in Norfolk. There have also been two flood warnings removed in the last 24 hours. This evening is expected to be clear and dry for most areas although cloud will build into Northern Ireland and southwestern Britain. Overnight, most areas will be dry and clear, but isolated patches of mist could form and there is a chance if showers in some places. Dry and sunny spells are in store for most of the country tomorrow and Wednesday with hazy sunshine, particularly across East Anglia. Clouds are set to build across Northern Ireland and western Britain, bringing outbreaks of rain later. Wednesday will start dry with bright spells in most parts of the country, but thick cloud and rain will push into northern and western areas. After a cold start to the week, Met Office forecaster Alex Deakin said conditions would be ‘pretty mild’ for most people by Thursday and Friday. This is because weather fronts from the Atlantic are pushing warmer air northwest across the UK. ‘In the east, the East of England in particular, we should see some good spells of sunshine on Thursday and that’s when we may have the peak of the temperatures as well,’ said Mr Deakin. ‘We could easily be on 13, 14, possibly 15 or 16 Celsius if we see long spells of sunshine from Cambridgeshire down to the London area.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.