British households who host Ukrainians fleeing Russia’s invasion will be paid £350 per month by the Government. The Homes for Ukraine scheme will initially allow people to sponsor individuals or families to stay with them, or to offer another home for them to live rent-free. It will then be opened up to charities, businesses and faith organisations to sponsor large groups. A source told the Telegraph that the monthly £350 payment was ‘far cheaper’ than the cost of hotel accommodation for refugees, which ‘averages at about £200 per night’. The plan, drawn up by Housing Secretary Michael Gove, follows fierce criticism of the Home Office for failing to remove bureaucratic visa requirements for Ukrainians fleeing Russia’s invasion. Refugees arriving in Calais have been told they would have to apply for permission to come to the UK in Paris or Brussels. Until now, the Home Office was only offering visas to Ukrainian refugees with family in the UK. Those who have been granted permission to come to the country so far are said to be facing bureaucracy and long delays. Britain is the only country in Europe to introduce a visa scheme for refugees, while  Poland has taken in 1.5million. So far, a total of 2.5million have fled Ukraine since the Vladimir Putin’s invasion began on February 24, in Europe’s largest exodus since WWII. Last Sunday, on the 11th day of the invasion, it was reported that the UK had only granted 50 visas for people fleeing war-torn Ukraine. Now it is thought the Home Office has granted around 1,000 visas, as an average of 150,000 Ukrainians leave their country every day, the Observer reports. People who sign up to the Homes for Ukraine scheme, expected to be open by Friday, will be asked to commit to the scheme for six months. Ukrainian applicants will be subject to security checks, while people offering accommodation will also be vetted. Refugees taken in under the scheme will be allowed to stay in the UK for up to three years with access to work, the NHS and benefits – except for housing benefits. Urging Britons to ‘give a safe home to those who so desperately need it’, Gove said: ‘The crisis in Ukraine has sent shockwaves across the world as hundreds of thousands of innocent people have been forced to flee their homes, leaving everything they know and love behind. ‘The UK stands behind Ukraine in their darkest hour, and the British public understand the need to get as many people to safety as quickly as we can. ‘I urge people across the country to join the national effort and offer support to our Ukrainian friends.’ French President Emmanuel Macron has condemned Boris Johnson’s government for failing to live up to its ‘grand statements’ on helping Ukrainian refugees. He said the UK’s rigid visa application policy further exacerbated circumstances for those fleeing the war. Macron added: ‘Despite all the grand statements… the British government continued to apply current rules that meant they did not welcome Ukrainian refugees who wanted to reach British soil saying they have to travel hundreds of kilometres in order to apply for a visa. ‘I would hope that the Ukrainian men and women who have lived through horror and crossed Europe to reach their families on UK territory will be better treated.’ Pointing to previous comments by Home Secretary Priti Patel, the Home office responded: ‘We are now making the process quicker and simpler by removing the need to physically visit visa application centres for many of those who are making the perilous journey across Europe.’ On Thursday, Patel announced that from Tuesday people will be able to apply online for a visa and will no longer have to go to a processing centre to give their biometrics. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.