Susanna Reid has speculated that Will Smith hit Chris Rock at the Oscars because of his wife Jada Pinkett Smith’s reaction. It all kicked off at last night’s Academy Awards when Smith appeared to take offence at the comedian’s joke about his partner’s short haircut before taking to the stage and striking him in front of the star-studded audience. Red Table Talk host Pinkett Smith has previously opened up about her struggles with alopecia, revealing it is what prompted her to shave her head. Reid weighed in on the drama on Monday’s Good Morning Britain alongside Richard Madeley, who branded Rock ‘the most unpleasant celebrity I’ve ever had the misfortune to meet’. ‘Do you know what, I don’t think it was the alopecia that made Will Smith do it,’ she said, before going on to add: ‘Because if you see his first reaction to the joke, he doesn’t react in an angry way. ‘It was his wife’s reaction.’ Reid continued: ‘So there’s other things going on and there’s a lead up to this which I think triggered it.’ ‘He probably felt bad that he was laughing at the joke,’ Madeley offered. The joke in question saw Rock refer to Pinkett Smith’s buzzcut, saying: ‘Jada, can’t wait for GI Jane 2’, prompting the actress to roll her eyes. Smith walked up on stage and appeared to hit the presenter before returning to his seat and shouting twice: ‘Keep my wife’s name out of your f****** mouth.’ The altercation left Rock shocked and flustered as he tried to resume presenting the best documentary feature category. The incident cast a cloud over Smith’s acceptance speech for his first ever Oscar, after he was named best actor for his portrayal of Richard Williams, the father of tennis stars Venus and Serena Williams, in King Richard. Smith apologised to both the Academy and his fellow nominees, but not to Rock, as he collected his gong, joking that he ‘looks like the crazy father’. Breaking down in tears, he said: ‘Richard Williams was a fierce defender of his family. ‘In this time in my life, in this moment, I am overwhelmed by what God is calling me to do and be in this world.’ He added: ‘I’m being called on in my life to love people and to protect people and to be a river to my people. ‘I know to do what we do you’ve got to be able to take abuse, you’ve got to be able to have people talk crazy about you in this business. ‘You’ve got to be able have people disrespecting you and you’ve got to smile and pretend like that’s OK.’ Smith continued: ‘I want to apologise to the Academy. I want to apologise to all my fellow nominees. ‘This is a beautiful moment and I’m not crying for winning an award, it’s not about winning an award for me, it’s about being able to shine a light on all of the people. ‘Art imitates life, I look like the crazy father, just like they said about Richard Williams, but love will make you do crazy things.’ After paying tribute to his mother and his family he added: ‘Thank you for this honour, thank you for this moment…I hope the Academy invites me back.’ Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 