Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe’s husband says his wife has requested a cup of tea when she finally gets home after six years imprisoned in Iran. Richard Ratcliffe has spoken out for the first time since news broke that the charity worker was on a plane back to the UK. She was imprisoned in Iran in 2016 after being accused of plotting to overthrow the Iranian government. With only hours to go before they are reunited, Mr Ratcliffe said he and daughter Gabriella are ‘looking forward to a new life’. The first thing on the agenda is some ‘peace and quiet’ and a cuppa though, he said. ‘There will probably be a couple of days peace and quiet somewhere else, and then back here’, he said. ‘ ‘The first thing she wanted was for me to make her a cup of tea, so we will do (that). ‘I think actually we were looking at the house and it needs a bit of tidying, so there might be a bit of tidying, perhaps directed by mummy when she comes back.’ Mr Ratcliffe has campaigned tirelessly for his partner’s freedom over the years – including staging a hunger strike outside the Foreign Office. The father has admitted the family will have to undergo a ‘recovery process’ after what his MP has named ‘six years of hell’. ‘You can’t get back the time that is gone, that’s a fact’, he said. ‘But we live in the future and not the past, so we’ll take it one day at a time.’ Asked how his wife had been feeling in the run-up to leaving Iran, he said: ‘Pretty agitated as the day went on. I mean, anxious – it has been bumpy.’ He continued: ‘There have been some scary conversations in the last couple of days as well, with people trying to make sure she would be well behaved when she came back. ‘There is a big grin on her face in that photo (taken of her on the plane). It is going to be lovely to see her, lovely to catch up with her.’ Glancing towards his daughter, he said: ‘We’ve chosen which toys we’re taking so that she can get to see them.’ Asked whether a hug tonight would ‘make all this hardship worthwhile’, the accountant laughed and replied: ‘I’m not sure it was all worthwhile. I think it is going to be the beginning of a new life, a normal life, and hopefully a happy family.’ He said he had been ‘kept out of’ discussions after the British government settled an outstanding £400 million debt owed to the regime in Tehran. He said: ‘I think the Government has two jobs – to protect people in situations like this and to make sure it doesn’t happen again. ‘Part of that is to do what you need to do to get people home and part of that is to ensure those who took her learn the lesson not to continue doing it – and that second part is for another day, but for today I’m really glad the way things are.’ Fellow dual national detainee Anousheh Ashoori, who has been held since 2017, is also reportedly coming home to his family. Meanwhile, third dual national, Morad Tahbaz, has been released from prison on furlough. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.