Jude Bellingham has grown increasingly agitated at Borussia Dortmund but has vowed to remain at the club for at least another season, according to reports in Germany. The 18-year-old has established himself as one of the finest young players in European football since completing a move from boyhood side Birmingham City to Dortmund in 2020. Already considered the driving force of Marco Rose’s midfield, Bellingham has racked up six goals and ten assists in all competitions this term in all competitions. However, Bellingham has been outspoken with his frustration in recent weeks -particularly in the wake of the side’s Europa League elimination at the hands of Rangers – and there have been fears within BVB’s hierarchy that he could push  to leave. Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool are all believed to be keeping close tabs on Bellingham’s situation, but it appears the heavyweight Premier League trio will have to look elsewhere for reinforcements in the summer transfer window. Bild claim the England international has made it clear to Dortmund chiefs that he will definitely be staying put for the 2022/23 campaign and possibly beyond. The sought-after teenager is tied into a deal at the Westfalenstadion until 2025 and Dortmund can rest easy in the knowledge that there is no exit clause in his contract. The Black and Yellows enjoyed a promising start to the season but have struggled for consistency over a rocky winter period and now sit eight points adrift of Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich. Bellingham has made no secret of his disappointment with the way the last few months have panned out to the extent that the youngster’s frustration has spilled out onto the pitch in recent weeks. BVB head coach Rose has even been forced to defend Bellingham’s hotheadedness after the youngster was involved in altercations with Axel Wiesel, Youssoufa Moukoko and Nico Schulz, saying he wants more of that kind of aggression and desire from the rest of his squad. ‘Where Jude comes from, you possibly speak a bit more rough in English. That’s part of it,’ he told reporters. ‘Jude wants to win, he’s angry and that’s part of him as a player. ‘It’s something we actually need more of at Dortmund.’ MORE : John Terry slammed over ‘appalling’ message to Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich MORE : Manchester United players privately questioning Harry Maguire’s continued selection 