Months after Halyna Hutchins was fatally shot on set, it has been claimed that Alec Baldwin is set to make his acting comeback in a couple of Christmas comedies. In October last year, Baldwin, 63, discharged a gun while working on the movie Rust, accidentally killing cinematographer Hutchins, 42, and injuring director Joel Souza, 48. Having spoken out about the tragic incident during a televised interview in December, it was recently revealed that Baldwin’s lawyers have filed an arbitration claim to shield the actor from any financial responsibility in connection to Hutchins’ death. While he has only been seen in public a handful of times since the incident, it has now emerged that Baldwin is reportedly going to return to the big screen by starring in two Italian Christmas films. According to Deadline, he and his brother, William Baldwin, 59, are going to fly to Italy to film Kid Santa and Billie’s Magic World. The films will combine live-action acting and animation, with the Baldwin brothers appearing in the live-action segments as well as doing voice acting, it has been claimed. The two projects are said to have begun production in Rome, Italian news outlet ANSA reported. Following the recent news that Baldwin’s lawyer had filed an arbitration claim over Hutchins’ death, the cinematographer’s family lawyer Brian Panish branded the move ‘shameful’. ‘Alec Baldwin once again is trying to avoid liability and accountability for his reckless actions before and on Oct 21st that resulted in the death of Halyna Hutchins, as demonstrated by today’s arbitration demand for indemnification from the Rust production company,’ he said, in a statement obtained by Deadline. ‘Baldwin’s disclosure of personal texts with Matt Hutchins is irrelevant to his demand for arbitration and fails to demonstrate anything other than Hutchins’ dignity in his engagement with Baldwin.’ He added: ‘It is shameful that Baldwin claims Hutchins’ actions in filing a wrongful death lawsuit derailed the completion of Rust. The only action that ended the film’s production was Baldwin’s killing of Halyna Hutchins.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Alec Baldwin’s representatives for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bad Vegan: How Alec Baldwin gets tangled up in the strangest true crime series since Tiger King MORE : Alec Baldwin says Halyna Hutchins told him how to hold gun ‘to a point where it was directed towards her’ before fatal Rust shooting 