Former Speaker of the House of Commons John Bercow has been banned from holding a parliamentary pass after being found guilty of bullying. Mr Bercow was branded a ‘serial bully’ and a ‘serial liar’ by parliament watchdog, the Independent Expert Panel (IEP). The panel rejected appeals by Mr Bercow over allegations he bullied three people – Lord Lisvane; former Commons clerk, Angus Sinclair; and Kate Emms – and said he had ‘abused his power’. His ‘behaviour fell very far below that which the public has a right to expect’, the IEP ruled – adding if he was still an MP, ‘he should be expelled’. The IEP determines appeals and sanctions when an MP has been accused of bullying, harassment or sexual misconduct. No MPs take part in the decisions made by the panel. The IEP upheld the findings of an investigation led by Parliamentary Standards Commissioner Kathryn Stone. A total of 21 allegations relating to the three complainants were found proven – as the IEP concluded the bullying and harassment policy ‘was breached repeatedly and extensively by the most senior Member of the House of Commons.’ ‘This was behaviour which had no place in any workplace,’ the panel ruled. ‘Members of staff in the House should not be expected to have to tolerate it as part of everyday life. ‘No person at work, however senior, indeed particularly such a senior figure, should behave in this way. ‘This was an abuse of power.’ But Mr Bercow slammed the decision as a ‘travesty of justice’ which ‘brings shame on the House of Commons’ – and dismissed it as ‘amateurish’. In a statement, he said: ‘Parliament is supposed to be the highest court in the land. ‘This inquiry, which lasted a ghastly 22 months at great cost to the taxpayer, has failed it dismally.’ The former Speaker – replaced by Sir Lindsay Hoyle in 2019 – claimed he had never applied for the parliamentary pass and did not want it. He added: ‘Don’t fall for the establishment spin that I have been banned for life. ‘I can still attend debates with the help of a friendly passholder or go as a member of the public.’ He insisted the case was ‘based on the flimsiest of evidence’ and ‘rooted in hearsay and baseless rumour’ by rivals determined to ‘settle ancient scores’ as part of a ‘vengeful vendetta’. ‘This has been a protracted, amateurish and unjust process which would not have survived five minutes’ scrutiny in court,’ he said. ‘Throughout, gossip from absent friends of the complainants has been treated as the absolute truth, whilst eyewitnesses who challenged the allegations were described as “not helpful” and discounted. ‘The commissioner even presumed to make findings on matters about which I was never questioned.’ Upholding the findings of Ms Stone, the IEP said: ‘It is for historians to judge whether the respondent was a successful reforming Speaker of the House of Commons. ‘However, there was no need to act as a bully in order to achieve that aim. ‘A great office can be filled forcefully and effectively without descending to such behaviour. ‘The findings of the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards, which we have upheld, show that the respondent has been a serial bully.’