Life behind bars at HMP Brixton has been made ‘as decent as possible,’ say inspectors. Inmates at the south London jail routinely enjoy yoga classes, boxing lessons and even football sessions with staff from Chelsea Football Club. Prisoners have also enjoyed large breakfasts complete with fried bread, bacon, sausages, tomatoes and eggs. Inspectors from the Independent Monitoring Board (IMB) today praised the range of activities and food options at the 700-capacity jail. The report stated that ‘significant efforts’ have been made to make prison life easier during lockdown, adding that the kitchens produced ‘excellent food’. A rota system means that inmates at HMP Brixton are treated to a full English fry-up on weekly rotations. It stated: “The kitchen team has started providing cooked breakfasts to small groups of men, on a rotating pattern. ‘Special meals are provided for particular occasions – religious festivals and the months celebrating black history and Gypsy, Roma and Traveller culture.’ The jail’s 120-seat restaurant The Clink – which is normally open to the public – even started a ‘click and collect’ service for diners during the height of the pandemic. The report stated that the acclaimed eatery normally employed 20 inmates as chefs, baristas and front of house staff. It stated: ‘Pre-covid, there were 20 men employed. ‘The restaurant was open to staff and boxed food for click and collect and local delivery.’ Inspectors also praised the jail for its work with Chelsea FC and England Boxing to improve life for inmates. Their report added: ‘The Board recognises and applauds their [the Governor’s and staff’s] commitment, their skill in dealing with difficult and changing conditions, and their efforts to make life for the men in Brixton as decent as possible.’ HMP Brixton has vastly improved since previous reports hit the headlines. In 2013, IMB inspectors called for ‘more searches of all types in the future’ – including prison staff. ‘Cannabis was sometimes being smoked so much on A and B wings that officers’ and IMB members’ clothes smelt of it,’ the report had said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.