Piers Morgan has blasted Prince Harry once again in a new tirade, in which he branded him a ‘spoiled brat’. The presenter, 56, launched another attack on the Royal, after the 37-year-old and his wife Meghan Markle, 40, failed to appear at his late grandfather Prince Philip’s memorial service on Tuesday. In his latest jibe in a long-running feud, the former Good Morning Britain host said: ‘Imagine missing your mentor grandfather’s memorial service because you’re such a spoiled brat you’d rather sulk in your Californian mansion than be there to support your grandmother? Shameful.’ Prince Philip died aged 99 on April 9, 2021, in Windsor Castle, and, due to Covid restrictions at the time, his memorial service was postponed until this year. The service of thanksgiving, which was held at Westminster Abbey, was attended by numerous members of the Royal Family, including Queen Elizabeth, who made her first public appearance in months after she contracted Covid. Neither the Duke nor Duchess of Sussex issued a statement ahead of the memorial service. In 2021, Buckingham Palace issued a statement regarding the memorial, saying: ‘The Queen has agreed that a Service of Thanksgiving for the life of His Royal Highness The Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh will take place in the spring of 2022 at Westminster Abbey.’ Prince Philip was Britain’s longest-serving royal consort, and he supported the Queen for 70 years after leaving active military service when his wife ascended the throne in 1952. Prince Harry’s last visit to the UK was in July last year, as he unveiled a statue of his late mother Princess Diana with his brother Prince William. The statue in honour of his mother, who was killed in a car crash in 1997, was revealed in the Sunken Garden of Kensington Palace in central London. Piers has had a long-running dispute with Prince Harry, and has regularly taken aim at the father-of-two in which he’s branded him a ‘po-faced sanctimonious hypocrite’. As well as other jibes levelled at Harry, in July 2021, in response to the news that the Prince was penning a memoir, Piers called him ‘pathetic’. Writing in his Daily Mail column at the time, he said: ‘To be blunt: Harry’s a sell-out, and this is just another example of him selling out. ‘It’s sad, pathetic, and totally unnecessary, and it will obviously cause yet more pain to his grandmother who is still mourning the loss of her husband Philip.’ MORE : Piers Morgan defends Will Smith against ‘cancel culture mob’ after Chris Rock slap: ‘He didn’t punch him’ MORE : Piers Morgan says he ‘would have done the same’ as Will Smith after actor slapped Chris Rock at Oscars over joke about wife 