Australia cricket legend Shane Warne has died at the age of 52 after a suspected heart attack. Warne’s management released a brief statement on Friday afternoon confirming the cricket icon had passed away at his villa in Koh Samui, Thailand. Not only a legend in Australia, Warne is widely considered one of the best players in history, having taken a staggering 708 wickets in 145 Test matches. He was a key member in one of the greatest teams in history, with Australia dominating the sport for much of his 15-year international career. After retiring in 2013, Warne moved into the commentary box and continued to be a popular figure around the world. He had begun working more regularly as a coach in recent years. A statement from Warne’s management said: ‘It is with great sadness we advise that Shane Keith Warne passed away of a suspected heart attack. ‘Despite the best efforts of medical staff, he could not be revived. The family requests privacy at this time and will provide further details in due course.’ Warne is survived by his three children Brooke, Jackson and Summer. Named as one of Wisden’s Five Cricketers of the Century, Warne also claimed 293 one-day international wickets and helped Australia win the World Cup in 1999. With his first ball against England, in his first Ashes Test, Warne produced what is known as the ‘Ball of the Century’ to dismiss former England captain Mike Gatting. Tributes have been pouring in for Warne, with India hero Virender Sehwag hailing the Australian as a ‘superstar’ and a ‘legend’. ‘I cannot believe it,’ Sehwag tweeted. ‘One of the greatest spinners, the man who made spin cool, the superstar Shane Warne is no more. ‘Life is very fragile, but this is very difficult to fathom. My heartfelt condolences to his family, friends and fans all around the world.’ The England and Wales Cricket Board, meanwhile, said: ‘One of the greatest of all-time. A legend. A genius. You changed Cricket. RIP Shane Warne.’ Warne’s death comes less than 24 hours after fellow Australia legend Rod Marsh passed away at the age of 74. Former wicketkeeper Marsh, who was inducted to the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame in 2009, died after suffering a heart attack and Warne was among those to pay tribute. Warne said in a poignant tweet: ‘Sad to hear the news that Rod Marsh has passed. He was a legend of our great game and an inspiration to so many young boys and girls. ‘Rod cared deeply about cricket and gave so much, especially to Australia and England players. Sending lots and lots of love to Ros and the family. RIP mate.’ Current Australia batter David Warner, meanwhile, said the game had lost ‘two legends’ after Warne and Marsh both passed away. ‘Two legends of our game have left us too soon,’ he said. ‘I’m lost for words, this is extremely sad. ‘My thoughts and prayers go out to the Marsh and Warne family. I just can not believe it. RIP, you will both be missed.’ Sachin Tendulkar, who shared many battles with Warne, added: ‘I am shocked, stunned and miserable. Will miss you Warnie. ‘There was never a dull moment with you around, on or off the field. I will always treasure our on field duels and off field banter. You always had a special place for India and Indians had a special place for you.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 