Molly Mae Hague has reassured fans she is on the ‘road to recovery’ after getting an ‘intense’ illness while on her recent luxury trip to Mexico. The former Love Island star, 22, had been in Tulum in Mexico shooting for her fake tan brand, Filter By Molly Mae, when she was struck down with a bug. Taking to her Instagram story to share an advert for one of her BeautyWorks collections, Molly began by telling her followers that she was finally starting to feel better after the trip. She explained: ‘Hey guys how are we all doing? I feel like I’ve not come on here for so long. Obviously I was away for work and I extended my trip and now I’m home. ‘It feels so nice to be home, although as I did mention on my story I have been recovering from… I think it was just a bug. ‘It was really intense and I’m going to do a little bit of storytime on it on my YouTube when my Tulum vlog comes out because it was actually hilarious.’ Molly confirmed she was on the mend, adding: ‘I’m definitely on the road to recovery now. I’m feeling a little bit better today.’ During her trip, Molly had proudly unveiled a scar on her left breast after having a lump removed recently. Addressing the small cut which was visible on the side of her breast as she posed in a bikini, Molly told her followers: ‘Little lump removal scar. Grown to like it.’ The reality star underwent surgery in September last year to have lumps removed from her breast and finger, and chose to speak out publicly about it in order to inspire her followers to check their own bodies and get anything unusual seen to by a doctor. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ulrika Jonsson hits out at Molly-Mae Hague for privileged comments about working hard: ‘These people are paid money for just existing’ MORE : Molly-Mae Hague proudly reveals scar after lump removal: ‘I’ve grown to like it’ 