Roman Abramovich is yet to be convinced that Todd Boehly and Hansjorg Wyss consortium offer is the right fit to buy Chelsea. American billionaire Boehly and Swiss magnate Wyss are understood to have made their formal bid submission on Tuesday. But Chelsea owner Abramovich is thought to be reserving judgement amid a full review of the offer, according to The Guaridan. Abramovich has already received several serious bids for Chelsea, with more expected amid high interest in the Champions League and Club World Cup holders, with British property developer Nick Candy said to be putting in the groundwork ahead of launching a £2.5billion bid of his own. New York merchant bank the Raine Group is conducting the bid process for Abramovich, who has moved to sell Chelsea after owning the Stamford Bridge club since 2003. Officials familiar with the sale are understood to have been left slightly bemused by prospective bidders making their candidacies public. Wyss, who founded medical device manufacturer Synthes USA and is reported to have a personal net worth of $5.8billion, claimed last week, however, that it was Abramovich who is trying to engineer an auction, not the other way around. Speaking to Swiss newspaper Blick, the 85-year-old said: ‘Abramovich is one of Putin’s closest advisers and friends. Like all other oligarchs, he is also in a state of panic. ‘Abramovich is trying to sell all his properties in England. He also wants to get rid of Chelsea quickly. I and three other people received an offer on Tuesday to buy Chelsea from Abramovich.’ Asked if he will take up the Russian on his offer, Wyss replied: ‘I have to wait four or five days now. Abramovich is currently asking far too much. You know Chelsea owe him £2billion? But Chelsea has no money, which means that whoever buys Chelsea has to compensate Abramovich.’ ‘I can well imagine starting at Chelsea with partners, but I have to examine the general conditions first. But what I can say for sure is that I’m definitely not doing something like this alone. If I buy Chelsea, then it would be with a consortium consisting of six or seven investors.’ Abramovich officially put Chelsea up for sale seven days ago with little more than an hour before the Blues kicked off their FA Cup fifth-round clash at Luton. The Russian-Israeli billionaire admitted he would sell Chelsea with a heavy heart amid Russia’s continued invasion of Ukraine. Turkish businessman Muhsin Bayrak has also revealed his candidacy for purchasing Chelsea, with several bullish public statements. A clutch of US investors are also eyeing bids for Chelsea, with a number of current sports franchise owners harbouring strong interest. The state of uncertainty engulfing the west London club could also delay negotiations with current players and possible summer transfer targets. Barcelona are now understood to be confident of completing a deal to prise Andreas Christensen away from Chelsea on a free transfer at the end of the season. Club captain Cesar Azpilicueta and centre-back Antonio Rudiger, meanwhile, are also out of contract in the summer and both have been linked with moves to Barcelona-bound Christensen. MORE : Chelsea join PSG in plotting summer move for Manchester City’s Riyad Mahrez MORE : NBA and NFL team owners preparing bids to buy Chelsea from Roman Abramovich For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 