Kanye West was spotted leaving his hotel in Miami on Thursday with new love interest Chaney Jones after his estranged wife Kim Kardashian was granted her request to be declared legally single by a judge in their ongoing divorce proceedings. The rapper, 44, who was seen at dinner this week with Khloe Kardashian’s ex Tristan Thompson, matched Instagram model Chaney, 24, in an all-black ensemble as they exited the building together. He opted for a black vest tucked into distressed jeans and chunky black wellington boots, which have been a staple of his wardrobe recently. The influencer – who bears a striking resemblance to Kim – dressed in black hotpants, a cropped leather jacket and chunky biker boots, finishing the look off with a pair of slimline sunglasses, also beloved by Kim. The pair were giving nothing away with their relatively sombre expressions, but the duo went Instagram official this week after a source told TMZ that they were ‘all for fun’ rather anything official. Kanye and Chaney were initially spotted together after his Donda 2 listening party last week, following the end of the rapper’s whirlwind romance with Uncut Gems actress Julia Fox earlier in February, but he has since cropped up in her Instagram Stories. Chaney shared a clip of them riding together in a car yesterday, leaning in to put her head close to that of the Flashing Lights star, who stared down the camera lens. It appears the couple may have been jetting off somewhere together, as Chaney then posted a photo dump of herself posing on the tarmac by a private jet. Kanye has attracted intense criticism this week after releasing a music video for his single Eazy featuring The Game, which depicted him burying Kim’s boyfriend Pete Davidson alive in a stylised animation. The drop came just hours after Kim was declared legally single, with viewers branding the video ‘disgusting’ and ‘inappropriate’. Kim appeared to make her feelings known on the release, as she liked a tweet from Marvel director James Gunn defending her beau. The Suicide Squad director penned: ‘For the record, Pete Davidson is one of the nicest, sweetest guys I know. ‘A truly generous, tender & funny spirit, he treats everyone around him with respect.’ Among the 30,000 likes at the time of writing was Kim – who has only liked 198 posts on the platform. She has also taken the very public step of removing ‘West’ from her name on Instagram, reverting simply to Kim Kardashian. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Julia Fox claims she lost 15lbs while dating Kanye West: ‘It wasn’t a sustainable relationship’ MORE : Kourtney Kardashian brands KUWTK filming ‘toxic’ towards end of reality show: ‘I was almost being a character’ 