An 18-year-old student has been arrested after two women were stabbed to death at a high school in southern Sweden yesterday. Dramatic footage shows heavily armed police storming the building in Malmo, the country’s third largest city, after the alarm as raised at around 5.15pm. Local media said the alleged attacker called the emergency number to say where he was and that he put down his weapon and admitted to having killed two people. He is thought to have been armed with a knife and an axe and was arrested without difficulty shortly after the arrival of the first police patrol. The two women who died, both in their 50s, were employees of Malmo Latinskola secondary school, where people were heard screaming. Earlier in the evening, police initially reported two injured among the around 50 people in the school at the time of the attack. The pair ‘were taken to the hospital but their lives could not be saved’, the authorities added. Investigators are yet to establish a motive for the attack. After extensively inspecting the scene and interviewing witnesses, they are convinced the suspect acted alone. ‘A lot of work remains ahead of us to understand what happened and the motivation behind this appalling act,’ said Asa Nilsson, one of the heads of the investigation. A press conference is scheduled for 9:30am Swedish time today Tuesday. In January, a 16-year-old boy was arrested after wounding a student and a teacher in the town of Kristianstad, also in southern Sweden. The case had been linked to a similar attack in August in the town of Eslov, around 50 kilometres (30 miles) away, when a student attacked a 45-year-old school worker. No link has been established at this stage with the Malmo incident. In October 2015, three people were killed in a racially-motivated attack at a school in the western town of Trollhattan by an assailant later killed by police. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.