Vladimir Putin and his inner circle are hiding in top secret bunkers in case the conflict in Ukraine escalates into a nuclear war, according to sources. Movements of planes used by top Kremlin officials show the Russian president may be in a hideaway near Surgut in western Siberia, it is claimed. His defence minister Sergei Shoigu, who was mysteriously absent for two weeks sparking rumours about his health, is believed to be in a bunker 725 miles east of Moscow in the Urals. That’s according to investigative journalist Christo Grozev, who has links to British investigative outlet Bellingcat. His theory is backed up by the defence minister’s 31-year-old daughter Ksenia Shoigu visiting Ufa, not far from where her dad is supposedly hiding. It is thought she stayed in the city for around four days from March 22, as speculation the defence minister had suffered a heart attack. She also abruptly barred public access to her Instagram where she had posed with her baby in the blue and yellow colours of Ukraine. On her Telegram channel, she posted on March 22 that she was in Ufa on a ‘working visit’. Local newspapers reported that the financier was visiting ‘at the personal invitation of the head of region on 24 and 25 March’. She is president of the Russian Triathlon Federation, and promotes a charity called the Hero League. The use of the high security bunkers – if confirmed – suggests Putin may be preparing to deploy nuclear weapons. Grozev said: ‘I am absolutely sure that Shoigu is in a bunker. Tracking the movement of his plane, we see very frequent flights to Ufa. ‘Knowing that there are also protected bunkers in this region, this gives an obvious answer about his place of residence.’ In an interview with Ukraine-24 channel, he told TV anchor Yevgeny Kiselyov: ‘This is our very justified version. I believe in it, and I consider it to be a purely analytical conclusion. There can’t be any other conclusion’ He referred to an announcement from Putin’s spokesman Dimitry Peskov, who said the Kremlin’s war strategy assumes the possibility of nuclear attacks. ‘If there is a decision of a potential nuclear strike, they can’t hide the military leadership afterwards. They have to be hidden beforehand,’ Grozev added. ‘I am absolutely certain he is in a so-called bunker, and by trailing the plane he usually flies, we see very frequent, almost daily flights to Ufa. ‘Knowing this region has those very protected bunkers this leads us to the obvious conclusion.’ Grozev believes Putin’s bunker is ‘most likely’ elsewhere as has tracked even more classified flights than the ones going to Ufa. ‘These are state planes, and they switch off their transponders somewhere around Surgut,’ he added. Previously there have been claims Putin had moved his close relatives to a bunker in the Altai Mountains, some 1,100 miles southeast of Surgut and 2,360 miles east of Moscow. Grozev also suggested that Russia’s Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces, Valery Gerasimov, is operating from a bunker. One theory is that Putin took time out in the pandemic in November or December 2020 when he visited Sarov and laster Tobolsk – which is several hundred miles from Surgut – to inspect emergency bunkers. It comes after deputy chairman of Russia’s security council, Dmitry Medvedev, suggested Moscow would be prepared to strike a country that only used conventional weapons. Russia has approximately 6,000 nuclear warheads – the largest stockpile of its kind in the world. Russia’s nuclear doctrine does not require an enemy state to use such weapons first, Medvedev said in an interview on Saturday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.