Ian Wright has urged Arsenal’s owners to bring in a few new signings to improve the team even further after their win over Aston Villa, while he also praised Bernd Leno’s contribution. The north Londoners bounced back from their defeat to Liverpool with an important 1-0 victory away to Aston Villa on Saturday – the first time they have won five away games in a row in seven years – with Bukayo Saka netting the only goal of the game. Wright was full of praise for Arsenal’s display, which has strengthened their top-four hopes, and now feels the onus is on the club’s hierarchy to invest even further in the summer, while he says the north Londoners have delivered some humble pie to their critics. ‘I think a lot of people, a lot of pundits, have been very joyous in their punditry talking about Arsenal and how weak they are and having no leaders,’ said Wright after the game on Premier League Productions. ‘And look at them now. You need people now to start saying that this Arsenal team – a young side – we’re starting to see characters grow in this side. ‘We’re starting to see people like Ben White, Gabriel, Kieran Tierney, Martin Odegaard, Thomas Partey… we’re talking about five, six, seven, even eight players who we’re getting 8/10 every week from. ‘That’s what you have to do. Then it’s up to the owners and the management and the recruitment to bolt on the kind of players that are going to fit into that squad and continue to help them to improve. ‘Like Bukayo said, last season it was something they really struggled at, defending and keeping hold of the lead, now they’re a lot better at it and they want to continue to get better at it.’ Arsenal were dealt a double injury blow before the match with Aaron Ramsdale and Gabriel Martinelli both missing from the squad, but Leno came into the side and gave a solid display even if Villa rarely tested him. Wright continued: ‘You have to mention the defence. Bernd Leno done fantastically well when he came in today. ‘Villa obviously didn’t put him under as much pressure as I thought they would. But the defence, the midfield, everything was so solid and Arsenal winning games away from home like that is brilliant to see.’ MORE : Martin Keown sends Spurs top four warning to Arsenal after Aston Villa win MORE : Why Aaron Ramsdale and Gabriel Martinelli are not in Arsenal squad for Aston Villa clash For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 