An airplane carrying former President Donald Trump suffered an engine failure over the Gulf of Mexico and made an emergency landing back in New Orleans shortly after takeoff. The private plane was in the air for 20 to 30 minutes late Saturday before one of the engines failed and the pilot returned to the airport in New Orleans, a source told Politico on Wednesday. The plane was taking Trump, who had delivered a speech at a Republican National Committee donor retreat, back to his Mar-a-Lago residence in Florida. In audio communications between the pilot and the air traffic control tower, the landing was called ’emergency in nature’, according to the source that was briefed on the clip. As the plane approached New Orleans, an air traffic controller told the pilot, ‘There will be vehicles following you down the runway’, according to recordings archived by LiveATC.net and obtained by the Washington Post. ‘I appreciate it,’ the pilot replied. The Dassault Falcon 900 traveled about 75 miles after departing New Orleans Lakefront Airport and reached an altitude of roughly 28,000 feet, the Post reported based on ADS-B Exchange tracking data. Besides Trump, the plane reportedly carried some of his advisers, support staff members and Secret Service agents. When the private plane landed safely, the Republican National Committee got in contact with a donor who found Trump another aircraft and he arrived in Palm Beach around 3am on Sunday. The jet was owned by a GOP donor who loaned it to Trump for the night, sources told the Post. The donor’s identity could not be confirmed immediately. However, the aircraft’s tail number was connected to a company based in Utah that is the trustee for more than 1,400 airplanes. Spokespeople for Trump and the committee did not immediately comment on the incident. In his 90-minute speech before donors at the Four Seasons Hotel in New Orleans, Trump jokingly suggested that the US ‘bomb the shit out of Russia’ with airplanes bearing China’s flag. The ex-president also slammed conservative lawyer George Conway as a ‘son of a b****’ and Democratic Rep Adam Schiff as a ‘watermelon head’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page