At least three people were killed and over a dozen were injured after a snow squall led to a massive 60 car pileup on a Pennsylvania highway Monday. The accident unfolded just before 11am, when heavy fog and precipitation from the squall caused drivers to quickly lose vision, leading to cars and trucks piling up along Interstate 81. About 20 people were taken to area hospitals, Deputy Emergency Management Coordinator for Schuylkill County John Blickley told CNN. Over two dozen fire companies responded to the fiery crash. A video taken of the immense crash shows the horrifying moment a man narrowly misses being hit by car that is flying down the snow-covered highway. The man is standing on the shoulder of the foggy highway as a sedan spins out of control in his direction. Mike Moyne, who shared the first-hand account, shared the video to Twitter showcasing the extreme conditions leading to burning tractor trailers, people almost getting hit and a tow truck losing control while driving down the highway. Cars can be seen moving down the foggy highway, some turning and pulling off to find safety in the shoulder, while others plow through, hitting into other cars and trucks. Larger trucks and 18-wheelers were stuck on top of each other, some emitting smoke following the crashes. An out-of-control tractor trailer can be seen smashing into a dump truck, sending it spinning 180 degrees. The video also shows several drivers hiding out in snow covered bushes, watching other vehicles plow into the gigantic pile of cars and trucks. Cars in the pileup can be heard honking as smoke pours out of the pile. That portion of Interstate 81 was still closed as of Tuesday morning, over 24 hours after the crash. Schuylkill County Coroner Dr David Moylan confirmed to WGAL-TV that three people had been killed in the huge crash. He also warned that number could increase because a search could not be completed due to the number of burning vehicles. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.