Looking for a speedy fitness fix to kick off your weekend? Well, look no further. This week, we’re sharing an effective and time-efficient workout using TRX. TRX is essentially suspension training. You will probably have seen the equipment hanging from a rig at your local gym, and the straps can be used in loads of different ways to strengthen and tone using your own bodyweight. If you’ve never tried TRX before, worry not, this workout is perfect for beginners. And you can do it from home (you can buy yourself a suspension kit fairly cheaply online – and you can attach it to a doorframe, or a sturdy tree in your garden). ‘As an experienced TRX coach and brand ambassador, I have put together a basic full-body 20 minute workout that you can also do from home,’ says personal trainer and owner of Breathe Fitness, Anthony Mayatt. The workout consists of three routines focusing on repetition – as follows: Routine 1: 3 rounds x 10 repetitions TRX Lunge to “I” Fly TRX Squat Row TRX Chest Press TRX High Row Routine 2: 2 rounds x 8 repetitions TRX Biceps Curl TRX Triceps Press TRX Balance Lunge Routine 3: 3 rounds x 6 repetitions TRX Plank TRX Crunch TRX Pike You can follow along with the workout here: Set the TRX to mid length and stand facing away from the anchor point with arms out in front, palms down. Step forwards into a lunge whilst bringing the arms directly overhead into an I shape, step back and repeat with the opposite leg. Strap set to mid length and stand facing your anchor point with feet in your natural squat width and elbows stacked below the shoulders. Extend the arms all the way out, then drop into a squat keeping the feet planted to the floor. Return by standing and then pulling the arms back to the start position. Strap set to long and stand facing away from the anchor point with arms out in front, palms facing down. Lower your chest between the handles, pause and then press back to the start position. If too easy, then take a small backwards step to increase the angle. If your arms scrape the straps when performing the movement, just raise them an inch higher so the exercise is more comfortable. Strap set to short and stand facing your anchor point. Extend your arms with palms facing down. Pull your chest between the handles keeping your elbows high level with your shoulders, pause then slowly extend the arms. Strap set to mid length, stand facing the anchor point with elbows bent higher than your shoulders. Fully extend the arms maintaining a straight body plank then curl once more back to the starting position with your hands either side of your temple. Strap set to mid length, stand facing away from your anchor point with arms extended, palms facing downwards. Lower your body keeping your elbows tucked in till your hands are either side of your temples. Pause then press back to the starting position. Strap set to mid calf, on the ground facing away from the anchor point with feet in the foot cradles. With hands directly below the shoulders, push up till your body is in a straight line with heels pushed away from you and glutes engaged throughout. Strap set to mid calf, on the ground facing away from the anchor point with feet in the foot cradles. Starting in the plank position, pull knees in towards your chest, pause then slowly return to the plank position. Strap set to mid calf, on the ground facing away from the anchor point with feet in the foot cradles. Starting in the plank position, drive the glutes upwards, keeping your legs and upper body straight as to create a triangle shape in the top position. Pause then lower back to the plank. Anthony is offering a 20% discount through the official TRX UK website trxtraining.co.uk site – use code TRXANTHONY20 at the checkout. ‘With your TRX purchase you also gain access to the TRX Training Club, which has over 500 on demand workouts using the TRX, functional training tools and bodyweight exercises,’ says Anthony. ‘We also have live workouts daily from our team in London. You can also view these workouts at any time with our Replay feature.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The 20-minute workout: Five intense lower-body moves MORE : The 20-minute workout: Nine moves to tone your core MORE : How to do ‘snackable workouts’ in just ten minutes