Madonna is the undisputed queen of promotion, sharing some racy behind-the-scenes shots from set this week. The singer, 63, looks set to release an Afrobeats version of megahit Frozen, but her photos plugging the anticipated release are anything but. See what we did there? The Queen of Pop has teamed up with 26-year-old Nigerian star Fireboy DML on the new rendition of her absolute banger of a 1998 track, which is apparently being released on Thursday, followed not long after by a music video. The music video shoot was what was seemingly going down, as Madonna took to Instagram this week to share a series of snaps from the set, including one of Fireboy with his hands wrapped around the Like a Virgin hitmaker’s waist and another of Madonna showing off her butt in fishnets and a barely-there dress. Classic Madonna. The post was captioned: ‘Frozen Remix song and video featuring @fireboydml. Music drops March 3rd……… Video soon after! #frozen (sic)’ But in a series of follow-up posts, the Grammy-winner shared behind-the-scenes footage and pictures from the shoot soundtracked by a snippet of the tune, while her Stories showcased her ‘fitting hell’ as she lay on piles of clothes in a dressing room. Showcasing a range of outfits we may get to witness in the new clip, Madonna wore a lace bustier, before changing into a leather corset and fishnet tights, as her team worked around her. Her exciting musical return comes as the Sickick version of Frozen went viral on TikTok and has so far amassed over 30million streams on Spotify. Frozen is one of the pop star’s most notable hits and served as the lead single for her seventh album Ray Of Light, released in 1998. The atmospheric track reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the US, and number one in the UK – her second to ever top the charts this side of the pond. Meanwhile, Fireboy is enjoying a steady climb after his hit song Peru became a social media hit. It then turned into a bigger success when Ed Sheeran jumped on the remix, propelling the song to number two in the UK. MORE : Ukraine president follows Madonna on Instagram as she posts musical montage comparing Putin to Hitler MORE : Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby baffled by Josie Gibson’s Madonna costume on This Morning: ‘Are those toilet rolls?’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.