Fancy taking a step back in time? Now you can, with this retro house that’s up for grabs in Southville, Bristol, for £395,000. The quaint terraced home has belonged to the same family for over 65 years – and they seem to have kept a distinctly vintage style in place ever since. Purchased by the current owners in the 1950s, 33 Southville Place appears to have been completely untouched, with an interior that looks like you’ve entered a time machine. Across three floors, there are three bedrooms, two reception rooms, one bathroom, and a spacious kitchen. One of the bedrooms features a patterned carpet coupled with striking neon orange curtains, along with a retro fireplace. In the living room, beige floral wallpaper covers the walls, clashing with the 70s orange and brown carpet. Another attention-grabbing carpet – this time in black, orange and yellow – in the hallway adds to the throwback aesthetic. The home has clearly been used and loved, retaining its old appliances in the kitchen alongside some psychedelic tiling and well worn woodwork. Southville has become a popular area for property owners over recent years, so although the home needs some modernisation (or restoration if you’d like to keep its character) there is plenty of potential. The home is currently listed with Hollis Morgan for £395,000, and will be auctioned off in April. Conveniently close to the city centre and just a short cycle ride away from the beautiful countryside, this home has a lot to offer for a family. Similar properties in the area needing a little TLC have been snapped up for around £500,000, so it could be a real steal for the right person. Auctioneer Andrew Morgan said: ‘Beads of excitement always form on an auctioneer’s brow when instructed on a property in the vibrant BS3 area of Bristol, which has witnessed such phenomenal popularity in recent years with the subsequent increase in property prices. ‘At last, aspiring homeowners have realised, not only do they get the convenience of living close to the city centre but are also able to steep themselves in the historic and vibrant cultural ambiance of this fascinating area of the city – where period houses are of a manageable size, and you have a short cycle ride to the beautiful Somerset Countryside. ’33 Southville Place has been occupied by the same family for over 65 years and does require some work but fulfils all the attributes outlined above. Prepare for some excitement!’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : From gardening to pole dance – alternative forms of exercise for people who hate the gym MORE : Being an influencer is harder than you think