Decorating your bedroom is serious business. It’s incredibly important for it to have everything you need, and to reflect your personality. Your room is the place where you unwind, relax and escape from the baggage of the world – so, you want the décor to reflect that. The colours you choose, the amount of clutter, even the way you arrange your furniture, can all contribute to how calm your room feels. But making those changes can be tricky if you don;t know where to start. So, we asked some experts to share their secrets for creating a calming place to refresh and regenerate. The good news is you don’t really need to spend thousands of pounds to get started. According to mattress store MattressNextDay, the colour of your room really matters. Sleep expert Ryan Thaker suggests to ‘switch up the colour palette’ if your room decor won’t let you relax. ‘Consider cooler colours, such as light blue, green or lavender,’ he says, adding that these colours are known to ‘lower your blood pressure and heart rate’, which makes it easier to fall asleep. However, too many bright and intense colours can over-stimulate the brain so be careful not to overdo that accent wall if you want a calming presence to your room. Indoor plants are all the rage, but what impact do they have? The health benefits are plenty – indoor plants are well known for improving the quality of air in your bedroom. They can also reduce stress levels and bring a sense of calmness and peace to help you get a better night’s sleep. Favourite indoor plants include aloe vera, spider plants and peace lilies. If you want to feel calm after a long, tiring day, avoid the artificial, bright white lights that can make your room feel like a sterile waiting room. White lights can over-stimulate the brain and make it difficult to reach a calm and relaxed state. To tackle this, use warmer light bulbs – a light-lamp with a softer shade can also make it easier to sleep. Also, think about when to turn the lights on. For instance, only keep your bedside lamp on during the night but have more lights on when you’re getting ready in the morning. At the same time, Ryan suggests investing in blackout curtains to help keep the room darker over the summer. ‘This is especially important now as the nights are getting lighter which could wake you up when it’s not time yet,’ he says. Blackout curtains also help insulate the room – which makes you less likely to need to turn the heating on. Trying to keep your bedroom more organised can help with making it a more calming environment. Clutter-free bedrooms are definitely more comfortable, and can help create the best space for you. ‘Things like clutter and mess can make a room feel uninviting,’ says Antanas Budvytis from Instrument London. ‘Easy storage fixes like maximising space under beds and in bedside cabinets can have a big impact.’ Storage doesn’t have to include fancy cupboards and intricate systems – storage boxes can be a great way to neatly keep your items tidy. If you want, you can also organise your room in sections, so you know where everything is. If you have space under your bed, you can keep them there. Antanas also recommends ‘combining soothing scents with natural elements for a multi-sensual effect’ to ‘create a space that exudes calm and tranquillity.’ Calming scents in your bedroom can really help you unwind after a long day. The way to make your room smell nice all depends on what you like – some people like candles, others prefer running a diffuser. Recommended scents to keep you calm include Rosemary – which has both energising and relaxing effects – and Lavender. It’s one of the most popular scents for relaxing, releasing tension and supercharging into a relaxing evening. You could use an affordable room spray to spruce up your pillows. Or, you can use reed diffusers, which absorb the fragrance oil into reeds and passively release it into the air, providing 24/7 fragrance. Electric reed diffusers are a lot more stronger though. However you decorate your bedroom is your choice, but making small, effective changes to make your room a calmer place to relax in can make a big difference. After a long day, looking forward to getting some rest in the best way possible in a relaxing, calming presence can really help you – mentally and physically. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Purley is the south London gem where you should look to buy a house MORE : DIY couple build their own stylish corner seat worth £800 – for just £100 MORE : This genius 30p hack stops cats from scratching the sofa – using household items