Do you have space in your heart and home for two dog best pals? Fred and Louis are ‘brothers from another mother’ who are only happy when they’re side by side. The duo are looking for a forever home together where they’ll be able to hang out with each other 24/7. The pair came into the care of RSPCA Cornwall’s Venton Animal Centre with an unbreakable bond, when their owner could no longer look after them. They’d had a tough few years and sought comfort from each other, as due to their owner’s illness, the dogs hadn’t been outside of the garden for a walk for years, leaving them nervous about the larger world. The shelter’s manager, Helen Jones, said: ‘They may not be brothers biologically and we call them “brothers from another mother” but they’re absolutely inseparable. ‘They find a lot of things in this world very scary but as long as they’re touching each other, they’re happy. ‘They’re always side-by-side and we want to ensure they can stay together forever.’ The best buds will need a home with a patient owner who can help them navigate the world, teach them tricks, and help them learn to be left at home alone. Their ideal home won’t have other dogs, but they could potentially live with older children. The crossbreeds arrived at the shelter in December and have been working with the centre’s behaviourist to get introduced to new experiences, but they’ve still got a way to go before they’ve got full confidence. But as scary as new surroundings may be, the pooches feel brave enough to explore the world as long as they have each other. ‘Fred and Louis have led a very sheltered life and look to each other for confidence and reassurance when they’re worried so it’s really important that they stay together,’ Helen added. ‘They’re a funny pair who have their own quirks but they’re incredibly loving. ‘Fred, in particular, barks when he is worried and Louis will follow along behind. ‘However, we have been doing lots of training with them and are gradually introducing them to new experiences. ‘We know that there is someone out there who will be right for them and, in return, they’ll get two wonderful, funny, loving boys. ‘If they can love anyone as much as they love each other, then that person will be very, very lucky!’ If you’re interested in rehoming Fred and Louis, you can find out more through their Find A Pet profile, or contact RSPCA Cornwall on info@rspcacornwall.org.uk or 01637 881455. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your dog can grieve – here are the signs to look out for MORE : Dogs and their owners review eight of the best pup-friendly subscription boxes MORE : This genius 30p hack stops cats from scratching the sofa – using household items