Tom Parker’s heartbroken widow Kelsey has shared the pair’s ‘pure and honest’ love, a day after The Wanted singer’s death aged 33. The star died on Wednesday surrounded by his family and his bandmates, 18 months after he was diagnosed with a brain tumour. Opening up on her late husband, Kelsey shared a statement today saying the pair – who share daughter Aurelia, two, and son Bodhi, eighteen months – were ‘soul mates until the end’. Kelsey, 32, reshared a tribute from Michelle Keegan – who was previously engaged to Parker’s bandmate Max George – which read: ‘Absolutely heartbroken for Kelsey, his beautiful babies, family and everyone who knew Tom. ‘What a truly special guy. Such an honour to have known him and witness first hand their love. They really are the true definition of soul mates. ‘Gone far too soon, rest peacefully Tom. @beingkelsey thinking of you x’.(sic)’ Kelsey, who married Tom in 2018, replied: ‘Love you. You knew how pure our love was so pure and honest. Soul mates until the end.(sic)’ She also shared a voice note of Parker – who first announced he had been diagnosed with inoperable grade 4 glioblastoma in October 2020 – complimenting his friend Stephanie Elswood’s dancing. She captioned the post: ‘This is… Tom Parker everyone… he changed so many lives in such a small amount of time. Tom Parker I f***ing love you. Such a legend. Just the fact that he would send messages like this… I mean can you imagine the messages I got.(sic)’ In another post originally shared by the couple’s friend Kelsey Ann, featuring all three of them together, Parker’s wife wrote: ‘Best friends forever. Our angel boy. We never thought we would have a 3 way like it.’ Kelsey broke the news of the Chasing the Sun hitmaker’s death on Instagram on Wednesday, just a week after he announced he was set to release a book about his health journey in July. She wrote: ‘It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side. ‘Our hearts are broken, Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. ‘We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children. ‘Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout, he fought until the very end. I’m forever proud of you.’ MORE : Like Tom Parker, my husband died of a brain tumour – here’s what I’ve learnt about living with a big loss MORE : Tom Parker revealed book release week before death from brain tumour aged 33