Kylie Minogue will not be appearing on Comic Relief as she is recovering from Covid. The Australian singer, 53, said she is ‘so sorry’ to be missing out on the fundraiser, announcing the news just one day before. Kylie is the latest celeb to pull out, with Masked Singer presenter Joel Dommett also stepping back from hosting after catching Covid. Taking to Twitter to address her 2.1million followers, the I Should Be So Lucky hitmaker wrote: ‘So sorry to miss my planned visit to #BBCGhosts Button House for #ComicRelief2022 as I’ve been recovering from Covid.’ But, the Disco songstress refuses to have FOMO, as she’ll still be tuning in. ‘I WILL, however, be watching @BBCOne 7pm Friday to see what fun @comicrelief has in store for us! Don’t forget to tune in & support the incredible work they do!’ Kylie added. Fans were devastated that the pint-sized pop star won’t be making an appearance, but they sent her love and wished her a speedy recovery. ‘So sorry to hear this.  I hope you’re feeling not too unwell and that it’s just a mild case of the virus you’ve got.  Sending you lots of love – get well soon,’ wrote one fan. Another replied: ‘Oh, no! My goddess recover quickly, take care, please! We need you refreshed. Xx’ The singer was meant to be appearing on The Great Comic Relief Prizeathon on Friday from 7pm, which will be hosted by AJ Odudu and Joel’s replacement, Vernon Kay. Kylie was supposed to star in a one-off sketch with the cast of the BBC sitcom Ghosts – which stars the likes of Charlotte Richie, Matthew Baynton and Lolly Adefope. The Prizaeathon still promises to be a big night, with sketches, live performances and prize draws galore. A pair of tickets to this year’s Glastonbury Festival and a hybrid car are among the prizes on offer to viewers through the show’s ‘text to win’ draws. Strictly Come Dancing finalist AJ previously said landing the gig is ‘such an honour’ and she ‘can’t wait’ to play her part in raising money for Comic Relief. The Great Comic Relief Prizeathon airs on BBC One and iPlayer at 10.35pm on Friday March 18. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Bad Vegan is disturbingly misleading’: Sarma Melngailis tears into Netflix’s bizarre documentary over ‘inaccurate’ portrayal of marriage to Anthony Strangis MORE : Rylan Clark jokes about ‘breakdown number 2’ as he gets into Eurovision spirit with series of bizarre posts 