Roman Abramovich will still have the final say on who buys Chelsea, despite having been sanctioned by the UK Governement. The Russian oligarch has been forced to part company with the club he has owned outright since 2003 and overseen their transformation into a modern footballing superpower. Abramovich’s ties with Russia’s president Vladimir Putin prompted Boris Johnson’s administration to seize the 55-year-old’s assets, including the Premier League giants who are valued at around £3billion. Under the terms of the special license they are currently operating under, Abramovich is not allowed to profit from the sale of Chelsea, but one of their potential new owners, British property tycoon Nick Candy, claims the outgoing Russian will still have a decisive say in the process. Candy told The Sun: ‘Although it’s a sanctioned club, Roman gets the decision on where it goes. ‘People might not like that, but it’s his club still – it’s sanctioned – but it’s his club.’  He added: ‘All I care about is first of all, whoever ends up with the club has got to put the fans front and centre and the fan-led review needs to be adopted in its best principle and that Chelsea has a chance to be the golden standard of that. ‘Number two is I think that football clubs owned just by one person like the Glazers is a bad model, and not just for the fans, but for the club. ‘If you can have the best investor from Africa, India, America, Asia as your cornerstone partners and they use the fans in that part of the world to make money for the club back at home, fantastic! ‘And why can’t we have offshoots of the club in South Korea or Los Angeles or wherever it is. ‘And also Manchester City have probably done the best job in the planet of the feeder clubs. ‘And we’ve got to do that as well. That’s because they run it properly, they’re amazing.’ MORE : Nick Candy makes transfer promise to Chelsea fans and vows club won’t end up like Man Utd MORE : FA Cup preview: Middlesbrough vs Chelsea and Nottingham Forest vs Liverpool offer throwback feeling For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 