Lauren Goodger has proved there are no hard feelings between her and ex Charles Drury as they reunited for a family day out with their daughter Larose this weekend. The former Towie star, who is currently pregnant with their second child, visited The Baby Show at London’s ExCel centre on Saturday to snap up new items for their next child. In her Instagram stories, Lauren, 35, shared clips of Charles, 24, cradling their eight-month-old daughter in a rocking chair as she slept. ‘Looking at these,’ Lauren captioned the video of the pair including a heart-eye emoji. Teasing one of her purchases, she added: ‘Just looking at @joie_global car seats for my new baby girl.’ When she wasn’t passed out asleep in her dad’s arms, Larose was chilling in her pushchair and looked around inquisitively. Lauren and Charles are keen to focus on co-parenting amicably as they prepare to welcome their second child, despite their dramatic break-up a few months ago. Reports emerged that Charles had slept with another woman while he was on a brief break with Lauren in November. He is said to have enjoyed a brief romance with Amy Gilbert, who spent a weekend at his East London home. According to Amy, the pair spoke through FaceTime everyday and were ‘on and off’. However, their romance came to an end when Charles reconciled with Lauren. Charles reportedly confirmed the romance to The Sun and said: ‘It was four or five days from the first point of contact from ever talking to this Amy girl to me saying it was a mistake and I didn’t want to speak to her anymore. ‘She wanted to meet up and sleep together on the first night of meeting. Being stupid, things obviously happened.’ He added that he got back together with Lauren because ‘[he] wanted to sort things out with my family’. Weeks later, Lauren announced that she was pregnant and no longer in a relationship with Charles. She had fallen pregnant eight weeks after welcoming Larose. Lauren has since said she will raise her two daughters as a single mother, telling OK magazine: ‘I’m excited about having another baby and if I’m a single mum then great. ‘I’ll raise two kids on my own and it’ll be rewarding.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian makes tape chic as she hits Balenciaga fashion show wrapped head-to-toe in Paris MORE : Sean Penn recalls meeting ‘courageous and dignified’ Ukraine President Zelensky hours before Russia invasion 