Not many artists could drop a song out of nowhere and have it reach number one on iTunes within an hour, but Nicki Minaj definitely can. The US rapper, 39, surprised her fans with a new single this Friday and absolutely no one is calm about it. Named We Go Up, the track features Fivio Foreign and is the single track from Nicki in the run-up to her next album, which Barbz are eagerly awaiting. We Go Up follows Do We Have A Problem featuring Lil Baby, and Bussin, with Fivio now on board for a guest feature. Announcing that the single was officially out, the Super Bass rapper tweeted: ‘Oh yeah, #WeGoUp ft @FivioForeign is out everywhere. Happy #PinkFriday,’ in the most casual way possible. Naturally, fans lost their mind, taking to Twitter to express their excitement. Her new single has received zero promo or radio play thus far, but it’s still taking the charts by storm. We Go Up well and truly lived up to its name by soaring up the US iTunes chart, and was added to Apple Music’s biggest playlist, Today’s Hits, at #2. Like with any Nicki release, the lyrics are pure fire with lines like, ‘I could be all the way covered and still giving sexy,’ oozing confidence. One thing’s for sure – Nicki has no time for haters. ‘I’m ’bout to make you regret you chose me as an enemy,’ she raps in one line. She says in another: ‘How you don’t like me but tryna do everything like me? That is what gets me.’ With Nicki amongst the American rap heavyweights headlining Wireless festival this year, perhaps fans can look forward to her bringing We Go Up to the stage. She’ll join the likes of A$AP Rocky, Tyler The Creator, and British rap star Dave in one of the festival’s strongest line-ups ever. Billed as Europe’s biggest celebration of contemporary Black music, Wireless begins on Friday, July 1, and ends on Sunday, July 11. Elsewhere, however, the Queen of rap came under fire recently for throwing shade at fellow female rappers, including Cardi and Megan Thee Stallion. As the Starships hitmaker shared a screen grab of an opinion piece titled ‘Why Nicki Minaj is one of the greatest of all time’, Twitter users branded her ‘messy’ for promoting an op-ed that claims Cardi and Megan’s ‘contributions’ to rap weren’t enough to fill the apparent void of Nicki’s presence. Cardi in particular has been a longtime rival of Nicki’s, with their beef spanning several years now. However, Cardi seemed to extend the olive branch in 2020 when she gave Nicki credit for ‘dominating’ rap. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Hayden Panettiere and on-off boyfriend Brian Hickerson caught up in chaotic brawl with bar patrons outside Hollywood hotel MORE : Halle Berry finds it ‘heartbreaking’ that she’s still the only Black woman with a best actress Oscar 20 years after her win 