I was shaking as I knelt on the cold forest ground with a gun against my head. It was 2012 and a gang had kidnapped me while I was living in a small town in El Salvador. After refusing to tell them where my parents were, they said they were going to kill me. Suddenly, I heard a loud bang and then the sound of scurrying. I opened my eyes and remarkably, there wasn’t a scratch on me. It turns out – at that exact moment – a rival gang had ambushed the one that’d kidnapped me and now I was suddenly in the middle of a shootout. Without thinking, I got up and ran as fast as I could. Somehow, I made it far enough away that I could no longer hear the gunshots. So I just kept running. Running away has been a common theme for me in my life – but I had no idea that I’d end up in the UK claiming asylum. I thank God every day that I’m alive to tell my story. I grew up somewhat naively in an urban area of El Salvador. I felt protected by my loving parents – who were pastors – and a local Catholic community that supported me. Sometimes, I’d hear of people disappearing but that always felt like it would never actually happen to me. Until it did. In September 2012, my family and I were having dinner after an evening church service with some of our friends in the local community. I decided to go to a nearby supermarket by myself to buy some snacks and as I was walking down the street, I noticed a few guys loitering around. I instantly felt unsafe and realised I shouldn’t have ventured out by myself. One of the men approached me and immediately told me to hand over my wallet, phone and watch. Terrified, I did what he asked and then I heard another guy tell the robber, ‘I know who he is – we can get a lot of money’. I asked how he knew me and he said that everyone knew my parents in the local area because of their charity work. That’s when I looked around and realised there was a group of around 10 men surrounding me. The next thing I knew, one of them grabbed me while another hit me over the head with a bottle and I suddenly lost consciousness. I don’t know how long I was out but when I woke up in a place I didn’t recognise, my feet were tied together and my hands were tied behind my back. I was so scared and I didn’t know what to do. They tried to force me to unlock my phone so that they could ask my family for a ransom payment but I was in such a state of shock that I kept getting the code wrong and it eventually locked me out. They got really angry by that so they forcefully punched and kicked me. That’s when they told me they were going to kill me. I started sobbing in sheer terror. When they took me outside, I realised we were in the countryside in what looked to be an abandoned house. That’s when they told me to kneel down and say my final words. I began praying through my tears and, for some reason, thought back to the moment I was diagnosed with leukaemia at the age of 11. After I had beaten it, I thought it was a miracle. While speaking to a religious leader at the time, he told me that my life’s purpose was to be a beacon of hope for others and to help people. That’s what was going through my mind in that moment and during my escape. As I was running down the path for over an hour, I came to a highway that looked familiar and made a split-second decision to head towards the capital, San Salvador – which was the opposite direction of the town I had been kidnapped in. I walked for around 10 hours, constantly checking behind me to see if the gang were following me. Thankfully, they weren’t and I made it to my parents’ second home in the capital. A neighbour spotted me looking dishevelled and let me rest at his place. I fell asleep almost instantly from exhaustion and when I woke up, my parents were by my side. I still have PTSD from this experience. For the first year, I stayed hidden and it was too difficult to even recount it all – I would shake with fear. I was constantly looking over my shoulder and I became a shell of the person I once was. I stayed in El Salvador until 2017 because I honestly didn’t realise I had any other choice. My parents and I moved to a city about half an hour or so outside of the capital so we wouldn’t run into any of the gangs that knew of us. By 2017, I had found a wife and it was after opening up to her about my story that she said she didn’t feel safe being in our home country – especially if we wanted to start a family. We initially moved to Italy together to claim asylum but after two years of living there with no progress made on our applications, it was a terrible strain on our relationship that ended up breaking us apart. So in August 2020, I came to the UK after some advice from a friend in Italy, who recommended it as a safe place to go. I flew into Heathrow Airport and immediately applied for asylum as soon as I arrived in the country. That’s when authorities placed me in a detention centre, which was a really traumatising experience because I felt like I was being treated like a criminal. They took away all of my belongings, so I couldn’t communicate with any friends or family. It felt incredibly isolating. I was there for a total of 42 hours and then was taken to an asylum camp, where I stayed for a few months. The place was run-down and most things didn’t work or were broken completely. When I arrived, I didn’t know anyone and I met people from all over the world, but we couldn’t really communicate with each other. I didn’t speak English that well at the time, but I had some language books with me so I was practising it every day. Two guys came up to me one day and asked me to teach them English with the books I had. I wasn’t super confident in my own grasp of the language, but I was happy to share my books so I asked the people in charge if they could photocopy some pages for me. Each day, I’d go through the books and do as much as I could to teach these two guys. Word eventually spread and within a few months, there were around 40 guys wanting to learn. I was so surprised at how quickly it grew. By April 2020, my application was finally approved and I felt so relieved. My life now finally feels settled. I’m living in Cardiff and working in business administration at a law firm, which helps vulnerable people – including migrants. My passion is helping people in need, in whatever way I can. Recently, I shared my story with Migrant Help – a charity supporting migrants in the UK – for their short film ‘More Than Refugees’. The film hopes to challenge the way people think about male refugees like myself living in the UK. Initially, I was scared to talk publicly about my experiences, but I feel it’s important to speak up. My friends back home who have seen the film have been very supportive. For many of them, it’s the first time they have heard my story and they had no idea this happened. Hopefully I can help change the way the public think about refugees. Asylum seekers like me aren’t here to take up space or jobs. We’re human beings, who want to feel safe and try to help society. The long-term impact of my kidnapping and almost death is something I’ll probably always have to grapple with. For now, I feel blessed because I have this opportunity. And I’m not going to waste it. MORE : It took me 12 years to be granted asylum after fleeing my home alone at 15 MORE : Moving to the UK helped me process my HIV diagnosis – but I'm still learning MORE : I fled Afghanistan at the age of 16 after the Taliban tortured my father to death