If you’re dating an Aries, you’ll know just what an unforgettable, dynamic star sign they can be. Aries is the first sign of the zodiac, a cardinal sign (born at the start of a season), a Fire sign (ruled by the passionate element of fire), and governed by the planet Mars (ambitious, aggressive, bold). Aries people can light up a room with their charisma or burn it down with their temper. They are un-ignorable. If you know an Aries, you’ll know this already. You need to be fully prepared before you start a relationship with an Aries – they can be a lot to handle. The good news is we’re here to help, with everything you need to know about the sign – their personality traits, their likes and dislikes, their compatible star signs, and their love language. Read on for your roadmap. Aries love to be in the middle of things, in the thick of it, under pressure, being challenged, being tested. Their Mars ruler makes them see everything in life as a competition – they can turn a game of cards into a Battle Royale to the death! Aries are passionate, physical, energetic. They have a big engine, they need a lot of fuel and stimulus. Boredom is their greatest enemy and this can get them into trouble… they will go anything to chase a buzz, have a laugh or feel alive. Aries are protective and warm people, they are loyal and loving. They care deeply what other people think of them, and make very affectionate partners. They have powerful protective instincts over those they love and like. If you’re chatting with an Aries, try these topics or do these things. Aries people tend to like: Boredom is the deal breaker. Vanilla types need not apply – Aries will eat you up and spit you out as an appetizer. Aries needs partners who are lively, curious, up for anything, energetic, brave, funny and confident. If you just like chillin’ all day, would always rather stay in, prefer a quiet life… then you and Aries are not going to gel. Aries are into the PDAs and love sex and physical contact. They have a majorly hot and passionate appetite for physical connections, so they work best with a partner that can match their sex drive, if not actually top it (they love a challenge). Aries will bowl you over with intense and romantic gestures and words. They can make you feel like the most desired person in the world… unless you annoy them and then that fire can turn to burning ice. They can’t hold back their feelings – good or bad – they always wear their heart on their sleeve. Things can get, well, dramatic to say the least. Aries people get on well with other Fire signs – so fellow Aries, as well as Sagittarius and Leo. Fire signs are all intense. They love a scrap, an adventure, a tussle and a bit of drama and high octane passion. Sometimes it’s better for the rest of us to just herd them all together and let them entertain each other. Aries’ opposite sign (the sign they’re magnetised by in love) is Libra. This is a case of opposites attract. Mars meets Venus. Libra’s diplomatic, cool, charming approach is totally at odds with Aries’ wham bam, OTT attitude to life. But they work well together, they fit, they complement and fascinate each other through their differences. Passion, hot sex, big adventures, endless fun and laughter, highs and lows, drama, and wild times. Aries will look after you when you’re sick/down/needy (to a degree… don’t push it, they DO get bored rapidly…). Aries will make you feel special and adored. Aries will protect you from harm and negativity. Life will always be sunny and funny when there’s a playful, youthful, outrageous Aries in the house. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to romance every star sign MORE : A divorce coach reveals the eight most common reasons married couples split up MORE : This is each star sign's biggest sexual turn-on