Gary Neville has been called ‘childish’ by Danny Mills after he took a ‘cheap shot’ at Manchester United star Marcus Rashford and manager Ralf Rangnick. Old Trafford legend Neville divided opinions last week when he accused the current squad of being ‘tone deaf’ for going on what he described as a ‘global tour’ in the aftermath of the club’s Champions League exit. In the days that followed United’s last-16 defeat to Atletico Madrid, Rashford and Jadon Sancho were seen at events in Dubai, while interim boss Rangnick travelled to Barbados to be a special guest at the Test match between West Indies and England. ‘I remember a time when United players, managers, executives wouldn’t be seen in their local Italian after a draw at home let alone getting knocked out of Europe,’ Neville tweeted. ‘This last week we’ve seen a global tour of F1, concerts, cricket and UFC events. This lot are tone deaf.’ Neville’s former England right-back rival Mills believes the comments were ‘childish’ and says it was a ‘cheap shot’ at United’s underperforming stars. ‘There’s a huge difference between going to a nightclub at a VIP table with bottles of champagne and sparklers where it looks like you are celebrating than going out for a meal with family or friends or going to a sporting event,’ Mills told Football Insider. ‘What are you supposed to do? You need some time to decompress, some time to clear your head. Why shouldn’t you go out for a meal? ‘Yes, don’t go out celebrating or falling out of nightclubs because that looks like you don’t care. If you just want to go out for a meal why wouldn’t you? That’s quite normal. ‘I’ve got two sportsmen as sons and if they have a bad day am I going to say, “Go to your room, you’re not coming out to dinner with us tonight”? ‘It’s a bit childish. Does Gary Neville say to his kids after they’ve had a bad day at school, “Go to your room, you’re not having any dinner”? ‘You say “Ok, it hasn’t worked. Let’s do what we normally do and talk about it tomorrow”. It doesn’t mean you don’t care and it hasn’t affected you. ‘It’s a cheap shot from Gary Neville. Those players [Neville’s United teammates] all went out and got hammered. It just wasn’t on social media and there weren’t loads of pictures being taken.’ Following their Champions League disappointment, Manchester United will look to salvage a poor season by securing a top-four finish in the Premier League. Rangnick’s side are four points behind fourth-placed Arsenal with nine games remaining. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 