A new kitchen is the biggest single spend in the home, so how do you make it a dream makeover and not your worst nightmare? It’s all in the planning, says TV’s expert builder Mark Millar, whose new makeover show, Dream Kitchens And Bathrooms, starts on the box tonight. ‘It’s the most important room in the house and adds the most value, but kitchens can be the trickiest rooms to get right,’ says Mark. Here, he shares his top tips to help design-loving homeowners achieve a magical transformation, on any budget… Kitchens are social spaces where we interact, so communication from the outset is crucial, says Mark. ‘Sit down with every member of your household, and ask what works in your kitchen – and what doesn’t. ‘Get all their likes and dislikes, and what they think can be improved. The main cook’s views are important, as are contributions from the techie member of the family, especially when it comes to appliances. Include kids in the discussion, too, as this is the space they ride their trikes and do their homework.’ Go through all cupboards and drawers and get rid of anything you don’t need. ‘Everyone thinks they need more space,’ says Mark. ‘But at least a third of the plates, cups, serving bowls and gadgets in the kitchen never get used. Sell them or donate them to charity to create more room. ‘Ditto in your food cupboards – so much food gets wasted because it’s stuck at the back and has gone out of date.’ The planning stage is the foundation of your new kitchen. ‘Get the bones right and it will last for years. Decide if you want open-plan, an island for entertaining or a galley kitchen? ‘Does it need more light – should you add bifold doors to bring the outside in and make it look bigger? Where should your working triangle go [hob/fridge/sink]?‘Get as many kitchen companies in to give you advice, as everyone who walks through the door will have an opinion and a good idea that you can take on board.’ Work out what it is you like, says Mark. ‘There are kitchens for every taste and budget so it’s important to have what you like, not what you think you should have. ‘A 300 year-old cottage can look fabulous with a contemporary kitchen. And a Shaker style can give a new-build character. Everyone is an artist so don’t be afraid to have something different, or to go bold with colour. The biggest regrets usually come from those who play it too safe.’ Online second-hand kitchen exchanges have amazing kitchens, complete with appliances for a fraction of the cost of a new one. ‘If you inherit a quality kitchen that isn’t your style, don’t chuck it in the skip,’ says Mark. ‘Sell it. Or let someone have it for free. You can find some cracking designer kitchens online from posh houses that are simply having an update. Skips are expensive so if you sell or give your old kitchen away, you’ll save money and reduce landfill.’ A kitchen showroom will sell you as many units as it can. ‘Resist!’ says Mark. ‘Most people have too many cupboards, terrified they won’t have enough storage. ‘They end up with lots of wall units which make the space feel smaller and closed in. Open shelves look stylish, as long as you curate them and don’t overclutter. Big drawers with clever storage units look great and are practical with easy access, as you can stack and get to the back.’ Once you’ve decided what you want, shop around. ‘There are so many kitchen companies that bargains are to be had. Carcasses are usually the same, so if on a budget, get the carcasses on the high street and buy your doors and handles separately. If you want something more bespoke, not all hand-built kitchens are expensive. Check out local independents or ask your joiner. And don’t be afraid to barter!’ Think of your energy bills as well as the planet and choose wisely. ‘Spend as much as you can afford – good appliances use less energy, will last longer and can be fixed instead of being replaced. A kettle uses a frightening amount of electricity, while a boiling water tap is much more cost-effective. And those that provide filtered and sparkling water also reduce plastic bottle consumption. ‘When choosing an extractor fan, fridge, dishwasher, oven and washing machine, look for the most energy efficient and also check the decibels. You don’t want to be subjected to the sound of a Boeing 747 every time you suck the steam off your potatoes.’ Worktops make can make the kitchen slay – or look meh, says Mark. ‘Marble, quartz and granite are the things people caress and will drool over when they walk into your kitchen. As will you! An expensive worktop on standard units will make it look instantly beautiful. If you can’t afford stone or wood (wood takes a lots of maintenance) the technology of laminates has seriously moved on and there are some amazing finishes now.’ Don’t flood your kitchen with rows of harsh downlights. ‘You notice bad lighting, but good lighting is invisible. Task lights will highlight food-prepping areas; architectural design lighting, such as pendants, create style and ambiance over an island or kitchen table. And subtle background lighting under shelves, on top of your units or kickboards can pick out features.’ Dream Kitchens And Bathrooms with Mark Millar starts tonight at 7pm on Channel 5. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mums transforms her Portsmouth home with fairytale interior inspired by her kids’ dreams MORE : DIY couple build their own stylish corner seat worth £800 – for just £100 MORE : Hack shows how to hang a picture perfectly – without a measuring tape