The Razzie Awards has reversed its decision to nominate Bruce Willis’ ‘worst performances in 2021’ following news about his health. Willis’ family, including wife Emma and ex Demi Moore, announced that the Die Hard star was retiring from acting after being diagnosed with aphasia, a condition which affects a person’s language skills. Fans quickly slammed the Razzies after realising Willis was nominated and won in a category made especially for him – ‘worst performance by Bruce Willis in a 2021 movie’. After apologising yesterday, Razzies co-founders, John Wilson and Mo Murphy, said in a statement on Thursday that his award has been rescinded. ‘After much thought and consideration, the Razzies have made the decision to rescind the Razzie Award given to Bruce Willis, due to his recently disclosed diagnosis,’ they said according to The Wrap. ‘If someone’s medical condition is a factor in their decision making and/or their performance, we acknowledge that it is not appropriate to give them a Razzie.’ As the criticism mounted on Wednesday, the awards had earlier tweeted: ‘The Razzies are truly sorry for #BruceWillis diagnosed condition. Perhaps this explains why he wanted to go out with a bang in 2021. Our best wishes to Bruce and family.’ They added: ‘To clarify, we heard about Willis’ diagnosis at the same time everyone else did…just this morning.’ The Razzies added to IndieWire: ‘We are still discussing how to handle the news about Willis’ diagnosis and will get back to you.’ Their spokesperson clarified that Razzie organisers were unaware of Willis’ condition at the time of the nominations and the Saturday awards. Willis won the award for his role in Cosmic Sin, which was one of seven of his movies that came out last year. The Sixth Sense actor’s daughter Rumer had announced the news of his illness, sharing a statement from the family on Instagram, which read: ‘To Bruce’s amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities. ‘As a result of this and with much consideration Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him.’ She added that it had been ‘a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bruce Willis’ daughters head out in LA after sharing actor’s devastating aphasia diagnosis and retirement MORE : Bruce Willis’ stunt double recalls changes in ‘sidetracked’ actor before aphasia diagnosis 