Furious Swindon locals have thrown a ‘birthday party’ – for some roadworks. It’s been two years since the Mead Way roadworks began, and still, ‘crossings are blockaded and bus stops are on their sides’. Cones clutter the roadside and delays are endless according to reports from residents. In response, one group decided to sarcastically ‘celebrate’ the unpleasant milestone they never wanted. Pictures show them sarcastically smiling and clapping as they hold up a cake and birthday banner. One person at the tongue-in-cheek gathering has groaned ‘we never see anything being done’. Another said ‘they have done all this work but things haven’t gotten better’. ‘I’m still having to queue at the junction here between Mead Way and Westmead Drive and sometimes it can be dangerous’, they said. West Swindon councillor Jim Robbins, who organised the party, said the event was to ‘raise awareness’ of the thrown-off schedule. He said: ‘It has been more than 12 weeks since the road reopened, but the cones are still out, delays still happen, and the people who use Mannington Rec still have their car park out of action due to the contractors compound being sited there. ‘Whilst the party is a bit of fun, the repeated failures of the council to complete roadworks on time has very serious and real issues for residents.’ Swindon Borough Council officials have responded saying, while they sympathise with the frustrations, delays were out of their control as the scheme was ‘plagued with a number of issues’. Cabinet member for strategic infrastructure, transport and planning, councillor  Gary Sumner said: ‘The good news is that Mead Way has been open to motorists since November of last year and I think most people would agree it has made a big difference to traffic flow in the local area.’ He added that the final piece of work should be complete ‘in the next couple of months’. A road safety audit will then be performed before the ‘outstanding traffic management’ is removed. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.