Commuters faced another morning of travel chaos, with Tube services still largely crippled in the wake of a 24-hour walk-out by London Underground workers. Nine of the network’s 11 lines remained suspended early on Wednesday morning as the network recovered from strike action by members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union. As of 9am, the District, Hammersmith & City, Jubilee, Metropolitan and Piccadilly lines were all still reporting severe delays, while there were minor delays on the Bakerloo and Waterloo & City lines. Only the Central and Victoria lines were operating with a good service, as was the Northern line apart from a planned part-closure. Transport for London (TfL) has advised people to travel later in the day where possible, with normal service not expected to resume until mid-morning. The Tube was suspended during Tuesday’s rush hour, with only a few services running later in the day. The knock-on effects made Wednesday’s rush hour a nightmare for people trying to get into work, after many were advised to stay home the day before. TfL had warned that disruption would continue into Wednesday, with no Tubes until at least 7.30am and a severely disrupted service until later in the morning. Huge queues formed at bus stops and taxi stands while roads around the capital ground to a halt as congestion reached its highest level of the year. To make matters worse, the chaos occurred on the same day that Tube and bus fares rose by an average of 4.8%. Around 10,000 members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) have walked out for 24 hours in a row over jobs, pensions and conditions. The union fears that spending cuts will lead to hundreds of job losses and reductions in pensions and working conditions. TfL chief operating officer Andy Lord said on Tuesday: ‘We haven’t proposed any changes to pensions or terms and conditions, and nobody has or will lose their jobs because of the proposals we have set out, so this action is completely unnecessary. ‘We know our customers deserve better than this and that is why we’re urging the RMT to talk to us so we can find a resolution to this dispute and call off this action, which is threatening London’s recovery from the pandemic. ‘I’d like to apologise to customers whose journeys have been disrupted today. There is currently a high level of disruption to Tube services with no service across most of the network as a result of the RMT’s strike action. ‘I’d urge customers whose journeys normally rely on the Tube to work from home if they can, consider alternative modes of transport and to check before they travel, leaving extra time for essential journeys.’ A spokesman for Mr Khan said the strikes will cause disruption to Londoners and businesses trying to recover from two devastating years. They added: ‘It will also damage TfL’s revenues at a time when TfL is already under huge financial strain due to the pandemic. ‘TfL are working to mitigate the impact of the strikes but disruption is inevitable.’ Further disruption is expected all day on Thursday during another strike, with customers advised to work from home if they can, and into the morning of Friday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.