Joe Wicks has marked two years since he started PE With Joe in the first Covid-19 lockdown and we’re reeling that it’s been that long. The YouTube star, who became the nation’s favourite PE teacher, shared a string of snaps from the weeks of workouts he livestreamed, including dressing up for Fancy Dress Friday, and the £580,000 he raised for the NHS. ‘On this day 2 years ago we started something amazing together,’ Joe wrote. NHS Charities Together responded: ‘We are so grateful for the incredible amount raised to help us support NHS staff, patients, and volunteers.’ Meanwhile, fans shared the love for the star, with one writing: ‘I still do a silly billy with my 5yo every now and then. Thank you for getting us through that strange, strange time of the first lockdown.’ ‘Loved it. Great family time,’ another said, while one more added: ‘Well done Joe, you have done an amazing job, keep up the hard work proud of you.’ Joe held more than 100 workouts over the first year of Covid-19, with millions tuning in to keep fit and active. Last year, he marked the end of the series, writing on Instagram: ‘That was the last PE with Joe for a while. It was so fun but also emotional. ‘It’s been almost a year since the first live workout on March 23rd 2020 and today was our 115th workout together. ‘In total the workouts have had 100 million views. Thank you so much for joining me.’ He added: ‘I hope you remember the good times we have all shared together.’ Joe, 36, who has more than two million YouTube subscribers, has since seen huge success. To top it all off, he and his wife Rosie are expecting their third child. The couple, who already share their daughter Indie and son Marley, shared the exciting news earlier this month. ‘I’ve been sooo excited to share this news, we are having another baby,’ Joe wrote. ‘Indie and Marley are super excited about having a little brother or sister. We can’t wait to welcome them into the world in September. ‘Love you Rosie. Thank you for making me the happiest Dad in the world.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Louis Theroux screams as he takes on gruelling ice bath with Joe Wicks: ‘This felt about as bad it looks’ MORE : Joe Wicks’s wife Rosie Jones pregnant with third child: ‘Thank you for making me the happiest dad in the world’ 