The sickening trend of men swapping nude images of women they’ve slept with has now become common practice on a number of websites. These sites, often operating as forums, allow men to trade pictures and videos of women without their consent. Many of the victims aren’t even aware of it or only find out by chance. One such site contains a database of intimate pictures, uploaded without consent, categorised not only by country but by city, postcode and even university campus. The site is hosted on a Russian domain and even gives identifying details of the women featured – like their address. It can be searched by men wanting to find naked pictures of women they know. Emily*, now a 22-year-old law graduate from Kent, became an unknowing victim to a new ‘collector culture’ of revenge porn images that men were trading. ‘I started sending bikini shots and progressed, at his request, to full frontal nudes but never did I imagine he would share them with a group of other boys, to ogle and comment on my appearance,’ Emily told MailOnline. ‘The boys in the group chat talked about my figure and how lucky he was to be able to sleep with me. I felt sick knowing I’d spent time with them all, completely unaware that they knew how I looked naked. ‘It made me feel worthless, like I was nothing but a piece of meat to them, or him.’ The rise of this shocking new form of abuse has been given the name Image Based Sexual Abuse (IBSA). And one in five men has been involved in trading intimate images of women they know, ‘like Pokemon cards’, according to the Revenge Porn Helpline. According to Elena Michael, from campaign group #notyourporn, the myriad ways photos are shared online make tracking the perpetrators hard. ‘These images turn up everywhere from private chats to anonymous messaging boards and niche sites,’ Elena told MailOnline. ‘We’ve supported families of women who have taken their own lives and many more who feel suicidal,’ she said. ‘One had discovered a university flatmate put a spy camera in their bathroom, filmed her showering and posted the footage online.’ Revenge porn became illegal in 2015 in England and Wales, and carries a maximum sentence of two years. But while the law has been beefed up to help deal with the distressing rise of revenge porn, it does not yet cover the sharing of images without consent. Section 33 of the 2015 Criminal Justice and Courts Act makes it illegal to disclose ‘private sexual photos and films with intent to cause distress’. But it doesn’t cover IBSA because, in many cases, the victim is never meant to find out. Due to the alarming rise in swapping these images, the Law Commission began a review of the legislation back in 2019. The final report is due this year and it will hopefully make sharing non-consensual images an offence. Finally, what makes this practice all the more damaging is that it doesn’t require any specialist knowledge to find, access or participate with these sites. ‘Technological abuse does not require IT proficiency,’ explained Lisa Sugiura and Jason R.C. Nurse, a senior lecturer in Criminology and Cybercrime and Associate Professor in Cyber Security respectively. ‘Perpetrators are using everyday, affordable, accessible tech,’ the academics, both from the University of Kent, wrote on The Conversation. ‘What we need is a better, more accurate definition of what constitutes domestic abuse and support services that are equipped to deal with it.’ *Names have been changed MORE : Children are watching porn from age seven: How to talk to them about it – and why it’s important MORE : Huge blow for porn industry as you’ll have to prove age to log on and get off