Endless swiping through dating apps can be exhausting – so one bachelor has taken matters into his own hands by renting out a billboard on the London Underground. Jeevan Bhachu has paid £2,000 to plaster his face on a 20-foot billboard in the hope of finding a wife. Displayed at Oxford Circus station, it features the 31-year-old cheekily posing in a pink suit with his go-to pickup line: ‘Best Indian you’ll takeaway’. Anyone who thinks they could be his perfect match is welcome to visit his website findjeevanawife.com, where they tell him about their hobbies and upload a picture of themselves. Some may assume the campaign is a joke or attached to a PR company – but Jeevan says he’s completely serious. He received no advances on his opening day as it was ruined by chaotic Tube strikes – but around 50 ‘applicants’ have shown interest now. ‘Some are genuine, some not so genuine. I’ve got to sort through them all and see if anyone catches my eye’, Jeevan told MyLondon. His website reads: ‘Since Covid, it’s been tough to get yourself out there. Apps are declining and I’m more interested in meeting up than countless texting and swiping. So it’s time to do something more creative! ‘I’m open to any race for my ideal partner. Someone who is family orientated, humble, and wants to make the most of life. Appreciating humour and not taking life too seriously is key. ‘Having a good personality is important, with a positive and modern mindset (I am far from a traditionalist).’ Jeevan, who is a British Sikh, was inspired by Mohammad Malik, 29, who launched a billboard campaign to ‘save him from an arranged marriage’ back in January. ‘I think I’ll get a broader crowd from this billboard, maybe older people who don’t use apps. Even if I get one match that’s a success for me’, Jeevan said. His billboard is set to run for two weeks – but he’s considering expanding it to Kings Cross or other stations if it’s successful. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.