A five-month-old baby has caused a stir on social media as he weighs a whopping 12kg – almost two stone. Commenters have even accused his parents of using filters to make him appear larger than he actually is. Ant Goodwin, 39, and Chelsea Meredith, 29, recently posted an video of their son, Ryder, on Tik Tok. He was filmed bouncing in his father’s arms. They didn’t quite expect the reaction that they received. Since uploaded the clip on February 20, its gone viral and now has over 18million views and 3million likes. Chelsea said: ‘We were shocked and overwhelmed, we couldn’t believe so many people were viewing the video. ‘The nice comments were lovely to read and we take the bad ones with a pinch of salt as we know you can’t please everybody.’ People have joked ‘is he free Saturday? need someone to help with some block work’ and ‘I hope he’s paying rent’. Some have even wondered if his parents of feeding him protein shakes instead of formula. Ryder weighs 12kg and is 68.5cm tall, guzzling up to seven 6oz bottles of milk each day. The mum and dad, from Tonbridge, Kent, are 5’4” and 5’5” respectively, so it has come as a bit of a shock as to how quickly he has grown. ‘A few people have accused us of using a filter to make him bigger,’ said Chelsea. ‘But he is just a big baby and his dad is not very tall so that in turn exaggerates how big he looks in the video.’ She did admit that it has been expensive trying to keep the growing lad in clothes, saying that they’re having to buy him a whole new wardrobe every three or four weeks. Chelsea found out she was pregnant with her Ryder, her third child, on February 8, 2021. ‘We had been planning on having a baby sometime soon but I was shocked to find the test was positive as we were lucky enough to not have been trying for very long,’ the stay-at-home mum said. ‘I rang Ant straight away and he was just as surprised as me but we were both over the moon!’ Her baby bump was big but Chelsea didn’t think this was out of the ordinary, as she had large bumps with her other two children. Ryder was born on September 28 at Tunbridge Wells Hospital, weighing a healthy 9lb 12oz. ‘We took bets on what he was going to weigh, we had been prepared for a big baby but we both thought he actually looked quite small until he was put on the scales,’ Chelsea said. ‘We both couldn’t quite believe he weighed that much.’ After arriving into the world, Ryder grew at a fast pace, which was accelerated further when he swapped from breastfeeding to formula at two months old. Mum-of-three Chelsea said: ‘When we pass him to family members that aren’t expecting him to be quite so heavy, they are shocked how much strength it takes to hold him!’ ‘Often when we are stopped by people wanting to look in the pram they are surprised by how big he is for his age, they all think he’s adorable and love how chunky he is.’ Despite what the trolls say, Ryder’s doctors have confirmed he is growing at a healthy rate, and that the sizes of the couple’s other children suggest his size is largely down to genetics. ‘Ryder is happy, content, cheeky and playful, he’s a joy to be around,’ says his mum. ‘All babies are different and being a large baby doesn’t mean they are unhealthy, there are lots of factors that can contribute to this and genes are one of them.’ We think he looks perfect. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman taken to hospital with stomach cramps comes home with a surprise baby MORE : Aunt gives birth to her niece’s baby after seven years of IVF treatment MORE : All children deserve free milk in school – why aren’t they getting it?