The Duchess of Sussex will launch her long-awaited Spotify podcast this summer, it has been confirmed. A £19 million deal had been struck between Meghan Markle and the streaming service back in November 2020. But only one episode was ever released – a ‘holiday special’ featuring the likes of Sir Elton John and James Corden. In January, Prince Harry and Meghan had called on the streaming platform to address ‘the all too real consequences of Covid-19 misinformation’. Now, the row between the Sussexes and Spotify seems to have been resolved. Meghan’s debut podcast will officially launch this summer and be produced by Archewell Audio. A spokesperson from the organisation said: ‘As we all continue to tackle the misinformation era, Archewell Audio has found it important to work with our partners at Spotify to ensure that the digital technologies so many of us use every day are rooted in strong principles of trust and safety. ‘We are encouraged by ongoing conversations we’ve had with Spotify on this shared goal and have been working closely with their team — as well as their senior leadership—towards policies, practices, and strategies meant to raise creator awareness, minimise the spread of misinformation, and support transparency.’ Little is known about Meghan’s upcoming podcast, although the Duchess has frequently used her platform to address social justice issues and equal rights in the past. She had previously been joined by other prominent figures in urging a boycott of ‘misinformation’ spread by podcast host Joe Rogan. His controversial series was Spotify’s most popular series last year, with an estimated 11 million listeners per episode. But celebrites and healthcare professionals had come out in droves to call for its cancellation. Rogan’s claims were, amongst others, that vaccines would ‘alter genes’ and that they caused dramatic side effects. Artists like Neil Young and Joni Mitchell even removed their music from Spotify in protest. Rogan had also faced criticism for his use of the n-word in old podcasts, which  led to the removal of more than 70 episodes. The host apologised, but remains on the streaming site. He branded Meghan a ‘little American hussy’ in one resurfaced podcast episode. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.