Britain’s bravest mum, who was mown down by a hit-and-run driver and trapped under the car, saved her unborn baby by clawing herself to safety. Aaliyah Lunn was with friends when she was run over by a silver Volvo which deliberately ploughed into a crowd of pubgoers. The 23-year-old was pinned underneath with the wheels spinning inches from her head while the weight of the front axle pressed down on her six-month baby bump. Incredibly, despite serious injuries to her foot, Aaliyah saved her unborn baby by wriggling under the car. Driver Jack Richardson, 25, had smashed into the crowd in a targeted attack after shooting a love rival with a BB gun. The crash happened as revellers gathered to watch England’s Euros clash with Scotland on TV at the Gigmill pub in Stourbridge, West Midlands, last June. Richardson fled the scene, but handed himself in two days later and admitted a string of violent offences. Aaliyah was left bed-bound, but despite her injuries she gave birth to a baby boy just five weeks later. Last week she attended Wolverhampton crown court on crutches and watched as Richardson was jailed for five years and three months. Speaking after the case, Aaliyah, of Stourbridge, said: ‘We’d gone to the pub to celebrate another of my friends who was pregnant. ‘We settled down, there were kids everywhere. At the time England were playing Scotland on TV so it was busy but everyone was having a great time. ‘Suddenly I saw Jack who I know through friends of friends. “He pulled out a gun — it sounded like an actual gun, but it was a BB gun. ‘He shot a man I know around three times in the leg. Everyone, including the kids at the pub, were running around screaming. ‘Jack left the pub and I went outside to go home but then this car reversed at high speed towards me. ‘I tried to run up the stairs to get safe, but I was too late, the car hit me and just went over the top of me. ‘At first I didn’t feel any pain — I must have been going in and out of consciousness. ‘When I came to, all I could see were the car tyres above me still spinning. ‘All I could remember was saying to myself, “I am going to die,” and, “What about my baby?” ‘I had no option but to wriggle myself further under the car to get free. ‘Both of my legs were totally numb and my foot was hanging off. I had to use my fingernails to drag myself from underneath the car. ‘The car could have come down on me at any moment and I was screaming and shouting. ‘When I was finally out from under the car I just lay on the ground feeling my stomach, but I couldn’t feel my baby moving. ‘I thought I had lost my baby and had lost my foot. I was drifting in and out of consciousness. ‘I was just screaming, “My baby, my baby, it is not moving, somebody please help me.” ‘Then there were armed police all around me. My foot was in pieces — I had a seven-inch gap on my foot and it was hanging off.’ Aaliyah was rushed to Russells Hall Hospital in Dudley and had emergency surgery to save her baby. Luckily, the impact of the crash did not do lasting damage and five weeks later she gave birth to 7lb 3oz Shay Bustin. Shay, now eight months, has neck and breathing issues as a result of his mum’s trauma following the crash. Aaliyah added: ‘Because I was bed-bound, and in so much pain, the baby had stopped growing and I could not have him naturally because my foot was still in a cast. I had to have a Caesarean. ‘Where he was positioned in my womb, his one muscle on his neck is shorter than the other. His neck and head are tilted to the left. ‘He is undergoing physiotherapy to try and straighten up his neck and still has difficulties breathing.’ Richardson, of Stourbridge, flew into a jealous rage after seeing his ex-partner’s new boyfriend in the pub. He admitted two counts of grievous bodily harm, two counts of actual bodily harm, possession of an imitation firearm with intent, possession of cannabis, and driving without insurance. Aaliyah said: ‘Whether he was sentenced to 100 years, nothing is going to make me feel any better. ‘The damage is done. I am going to have to live with that damage for the rest of my life. ‘I hate Jack for what he has done. My son suffered for the first few weeks of his life all because of one man and his actions. ‘I am glad he is behind bars. It is what he deserves.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.