A grandma said a day out with her granddaughter was ruined after KFC wouldn’t make allowances for the young girl’s disabilities. Anne Deegan Hunt, 61, was spending Saturday in Southport, Merseyside with her nine-year-old granddaughter Leila who is autistic and has learning disabilities. She took her granddaughter to KFC on Eastbank Street along with Leila’s carer for a meal. But Leila became distressed at the loud music being played inside the restaurant, climbed onto a table and started shouting for the noise to stop. The grandma of eight told the Liverpool Echo: ‘Leila had managed to get on to a table and was screaming for the music to be turned down. ‘The whole shop could hear her. ‘I explained she was autistic and asked the employee at the counter if he could turn the music off. He told me he would have to talk to the manager.’ Leila then started to hit herself while they waited for the music to be turned off. Anne added: ‘Leila had started punching her stomach. She has a stoma had so she was at risk of causing serious harm to herself.’ When the employee returned, they told Anne the manager would not turn the music off, and that it could only be turned down. She said: ‘The employee was really understating and he apologised but the manager didn’t even come out to see what was going on.’ Leila also has Goldenhar syndrome, which causes bone deformities which affect the face, and suffers with social anxiety so she struggles to find activities she enjoys doing. Anne said: ‘Because of her autism she has built up anxiety about going out and she only enjoys doing certain things. ‘I was more upset for Leila because that’s one of the few things that she likes to do.’ She eventually managed to get Leila off the table, but said she had no choice but to leave. ‘I don’t think turning the music off would have spoiled anybody’s dining experience,’ she added. ‘It’s probably more distressing to watch a child in that state. ‘As they wouldn’t turn the music off the situation was just getting worse. I was left feeling distraught and Leila’s disability wasn’t accommodated at all.’ A KFC spokesperson said: ‘We’re really sorry we didn’t get this one right. We want our restaurants to be a welcoming place for everyone, and we’ve followed up with the team to ensure it doesn’t happen again. ‘We’d like to make it up to the family and would love for them to get in touch with our Care Squad to give us the chance.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.