Non-European refugees fleeing the war in Ukraine have faced discrimination when trying to enter neighbouring countries, the United Nations has said Claims that Black, south Asian and Mediterranean people escaping intensified shelling were blocked from crossing the border to Poland by security officials were initially dismissed as ‘Russian disinformation’ on social media. But videos shared on Twitter showed African and Caribbean students and families being pushed away from boarding buses and trains heading out of Ukraine. Filippo Grandi, the UN’s high commissioner for refugees, confirmed ‘there has been a different treatment’ during a press conference on Tuesday afternoon, the Independent reported. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live He said: ‘You have seen reports in the media that there are different treatments – with Ukrainians and non-Ukrainians. ‘Now our observations, and we possibly cannot observe every single post yet – but our observations is that these are not state policies – but there are instances which it has happened. ‘There should be absolutely no discrimination between Ukrainians and non-Ukrainians, Europeans and non-Europeans. Everyone is fleeing from the same risks.’ For months, President Vladimir Putin denied plans for an invasion until moving his troops in six days ago. Since then, Russia has stepped up shelling on civilians in Kharkiv, the second-largest city in Ukraine, and miles-long convoy of tanks and armoured vehicles have been inching closer to Kyiv. The latest figures show that 520,000 refugees have fled to neighbouring countries – but that number is rising by the hour. The UN said earlier that more than 280,000 have fled to Poland, 94,000 to Hungary, nearly 40,000 in Moldova, 34,000 in Romania, 30,000 in Slovakia and tens of thousands in other European countries. The treatment of many non-European refugees has received global condemnation from figures like Sadiq Khan and Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari. Mr Buhari revealed that one group of Nigerian students, who had been repeatedly refused entry into Poland, were forced to travel again across Ukraine and attempt to exit the country via the border with Hungary. ‘There is a long history dating back to decades of Nigerians and other Africans studying in Ukraine, particularly medicine’, the president said in a lengthy thread on Twitter. ‘The majority of Nigerian citizens in the country today are university-enrolled students. ‘From video evidence, first-hand reports, and from those in contact with their wards and/ or Nigerian consular officials there have been unfortunate reports of Ukrainian police and security personnel refusing to allow Nigerians to board buses & trains heading towards Ukraine-Poland border. ‘In one video widely circulating on social media,a Nigerian mother with her young baby was filmed being physically forced to give up her seat to another person. ‘There are also separate reports of Polish officials simply refusing Nigerian citizens’ entry into Poland from Ukraine.’ Beyonce and Young Thug are also among the people bringing awareness to the plight of African families and students who have been left stranded. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.