Grace Castle, from Leeds, is just five years old, but she already has a pretty impressive portfolio. Grace, who was diagnosed with Down’s syndrome at birth, only started modelling two years ago, but she’s already got shoots for the likes of River Island and JD Sports under her belt. Mum Linda Castle, 44, couldn’t be prouder. Linda, who runs a café in Garforth, Leeds, said: ‘It’s really interesting what we perceive as beauty because we’re so used to seeing “unreal” types of people used to sell clothes. ‘Her friends from support groups love seeing her out there because everybody wants to see somebody who looks like them. ‘I’m so proud to see different people beginning to be represented, and I think the media is taking a huge step. ‘There is still a long way to go to change what we perceive as normal, but it’s refreshing to see brands becoming more integral and real in their approach.’ Her mum described the day Grace was born as ‘one of the happiest days of our lives. ‘When she got to eight months old,’ Linda added, ‘we began looking online for support groups to see what was out there for her situation. ‘It was a surprising diagnosis, and we were trying to figure out what could be done for her situation. ‘We came across a group in Scunthorpe which initially did dance and drama for children with learning difficulties, but then it became a modelling agency, and we wanted to try it for a bit of fun. ‘She was on their books, and we went down to London for her first shoot with the clothing company, Boden, and she ended up in their catalogue which was amazing.’ In the two years since she started modelling, Grace has posed for heavy-hitters including CBeebies, Children in Need, and JD Sports as well as securing repeat bookings for River Island. Linda said: ‘During Covid, it was really quiet then it was a real surprise to see all these bookings come in. ‘We’ve recently been flown out to Spain for a shoot – Grace absolutely loves the camera and has a great time doing it. ‘During the River Island shoots, she gets to play or do an activity, and they take candid photos of her. It’s just all for a bit of fun and the money can go towards her future.’ Sweet Grace is Linda and Nick Castle’s youngest child. Her school friends and siblings – Josh, 14, Kara, 13, and Brooke, eight – are incredibly proud of her. Linda said: ‘Everyone in her school knows her and the mums and kids loved seeing her pop up on their TV – she’s got a bit of a celebrity status on the playground.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Nine-year-old fashion designer praised by fans and even Vera Wang MORE : UK’s most premature twins finally go home from hospital after five months MORE : Parents deal with bedtime ‘meltdowns’ after Google changes its white noise track