Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe wore yellow and blue in support of Ukraine as she spoke out for the first time since her release from Iran. The mum-of-one declined to answer questions about what her time in solitary confinement was like on Monday, saying it was ‘very difficult to talk about what I’ve gone through’. After six years trapped in jail, she said it was ‘surreal to come back and to be holding my husband and baby, who’s not a baby’. Saying she was ‘overwhelmed’ as she landed on British soil, she added: ‘That moment was precious. I’ve been waiting for that moment for such a long time. ‘And I was overwhelmed, specifically to get to know Gabriella and Richard after such a long time. It was a very, very emotional moment.’ The charity worker thanked the foreign office for the hard work it took to get her back – but admitted ‘it felt like I’d been left behind’. She took the opportunity to criticise the fact it took five changes of foreign secretary before she could come back to the UK. The government told her ‘many times “we’re going to get you home”‘ – but she grew to distrust promises. ‘What’s happened now, should have happened six years ago’, she said. Her release came after the British government settled an outstanding £400 million debt owed to the regime in Tehran. Speaking to the media, Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe said she was ‘powerless’ in prison and did not have much information as it was a ‘very secluded space’. She added: ‘I was told very early on there is something they want and they’re not going to let you go until they get it – and they were right.’ Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe has paid tribute to her ‘amazing, wonderful’ husband Richard Ratcliffe and daughter Gabriella, 7, for ‘being patient with mummy coming home’. ‘I did go through a journey to get to know myself, my strength, my faith more than anything else – a journey with a huge, huge price’, she said. ‘It’s something not many people in the world experience. We paid a huge price but made us a lot closer.’ The British-Iranian mother said she was ‘very grateful to anyone who tried very hard to get her voice heard’. But she insisted the ‘meaning of freedom is never going to be complete’ until other prisoners are released and reunited with their families. Fellow dual national detainee Anousheh Ashoori, who was held since 2017, also came home to his family. There were hopes British-US national Morad Tahbaz, 66, who has been imprisoned for four years, would be included in the deal. He was released on the same day, but has now gone on hunger strike after being imprisoned again 48 hours later. ‘To begin with Morad, but also the other dual nationals, members of religious groups, or prisoners of conscience who are … I mean, we do realise that if I have been in prison for six years there are so many other people we don’t know their names who have been suffering in prison in Iran’, Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe said. She was imprisoned after being accused of plotting to overthrow the government, which she denied. Emotional footage shows her reuniting with her family after finally touching down on British soil on Wednesday. Mr Ratcliffe thanked everyone for ‘making us whole again’ and said it is ‘nice to be retiring’ from his relentless campaigning. He said: ‘It’s been a long struggle. I’m immensely, immensely pleased and proud of my wife, and proud to have her home, proud that we start a new chapter, and get to be a normal family again.’ The family spent their first few days together at the Chancellor’s country mansion in Buckinghamshire. A photo showed  Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe cooking pizza in the safehouse with her daughter, who she hadn’t seen since she was one. Her local MP, Labour’s Tulip Siddiq tweeted: ‘Nazanin told me that this is what she missed most while she was imprisoned – every day moments with her little girl.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.