The weekend is finally here, but what does it have in store? A link between Venus and Uranus could give you the motivation you need to make a positive difference today. Cancer, this is your moment to express your individuality. Want your relationship to move quicker, Libra? You might feel impatient, but remember, there’s no rush. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, March 19, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 You don’t have to adopt the group think if you don’t want to, even though you feel under pressure to do so. A sparkling angle between Venus and Uranus could be a call to go with whatever feels right to you. It may put you at odds with some people in your social circle, but it’s what’s best for you that counts. There’s no need to compromise. Instead, follow your heart. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Have fascinating information and ideas to share? You might be delighted at the way they are received by those on your wavelength. Should you discuss it with someone if you know their view conflicts with yours? While a compromise could be one solution, you may prefer to go your own way entirely at this time Taurus, even if it does cause some edginess for a while. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 As Venus angles towards maverick Uranus, you’ll be ready to get to grips with an issue that has been on your mind, Gemini. If you’ve been hoping for closure and for a healing, then insights can show up while meditating, talking things over with a friend or from interpreting a dream. This motivating aspect could inspire you to change your beliefs to more life enhancing ones. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 You’ll have an opportunity to express your individuality, despite what others may think. While you are often very aware of what is trending, the current line-up might encourage you to adopt your own unique look, while loving the sense of freedom it brings. If you’ve tended to hold back from displaying your differences or personal tastes Cancer, it’s time to be a lot bolder. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 You may feel more ambitious than you have in a while. This is good, as current zesty influences can prompt you to think out of the box when it comes to making plans. Been mulling over some original ideas? If so, others, especially close ones, might not share your excitement. Don’t listen! Instead, go ahead and prove your brilliance. This is no time to be put off from your mission. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You may feel an intuitive nudge to have a chat with someone. If you do, a lively Venus/Uranus tie suggests that connecting with them could inspire unique ideas. Some of these can be cutting-edge and might result in a foray into new areas. There may be a learning curve involved, but it could be the challenge you’ll truly enjoy. And this friendship may go from strength to strength. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Keen to push a relationship further along the road? With Venus in your romance sector angling towards electric Uranus in an intense zone, you may feel impatience and frustration if things are going too slowly. Why are you in such a rush, Libra? This approach could damage a delicate beginning and stop things in their tracks. Let things take their natural course for best results. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 There could be a disconnect between you and a partner or another, that makes it difficult to agree on anything. While this is a temporary aspect Scorpio, it might put a spanner in the works if you’re hoping to get moving on a plan or make a key decision. The mood is one of stubbornness that can lead to a stand-off. Unless you’re willing to make a compromise, nothing will shift. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Today’s Venus/Uranus angle could find you in a jittery mood, with your attention drawn to anything that offers relief from boredom. Perhaps you’d rather link up with a friend for coffee and a chat, than knuckle down to key tasks. You’ll also be drawn to people who have something different to offer. A fresh perspective can be most appealing, and an opportunity for change. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Your money could be burning a hole in your pocket, and the last thing on your mind may be thoughts of saving or denying yourself pleasure. If you’ve had a hard week, Venus’s edgy angle with Uranus might find you keen to treat yourself. And why not! Watch out for those impulsive buys that seem good at the time, but quickly lose their sparkle. Make it truly worthwhile. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Your taste in things could be off kilter. Lovely Venus in your sign angles towards unpredictable Uranus in your home zone, which can find you mulling over a DIY idea that you might regret a week or so down the line. Want to showcase more of your personality around your home? Think about the impression you will make to various groups of people who may visit you, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Has an issue burdened you for a while? The coming days might see you taking steps to find closure, and you’ll feel so much better for making a start. Plus, an upbeat conversation could be enlightening, helping you to see the potential in an idea or project that you’ll enjoy being a part of. Need to tie up loose ends first? Get them out of the way so your life can begin to blossom. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness