The star-studded Baftas were disrupted by Just Stop Oil campaigners who chanted and banged drums before sitting in protest on the red carpet on Sunday afternoon. Staging their protest at the glitzy film event, attended by the likes of Lady Gaga, Benedict Cumberbatch and Emma Watson, the passionate activists wore T-shirts that read ‘Just Stop Oil’ and ‘Just look up’, in reference to the 2021 comedy movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Jennifer Lawrence – which offers a satirical look at the climate change crisis. The organisation stated that 30 young supporters of the campaign disrupted the event to ‘demand an end to new fossil fuel projects in the UK.’ In a statement from the group, who were surrounded by police during the protest, 23-year-old protester Claudia said: ‘I am here supporting Just Stop Oil because I am absolutely terrified about our future. ‘Last year the UK Government’s former chief scientific adviser warned us that what we do within the next 3-4 years will determine the future of humanity.’ She continued: ‘Yet our Government, knowing this, knowing that continuing to support the oil industry is a death sentence for us all, remains determined to drag us down this path of suffering and destruction. And the mainstream media doesn’t care. ‘So we are asking those with power and influence to use it, to do what is necessary, and use their platform to demand the Government just stop oil. We have to act like our lives depend on it, because they do.’ Aspiring filmmaker Dillon Parsons expressed he had no intention of disrupting the annual star-studded event but felt he had ‘no choice’ due to the ‘danger’ of the climate crisis. ‘This is not a protest against the Baftas or the film industry, nor is it a publicity stunt,’ he said. ‘We couldn’t care less who wins what award. This is a cry for help from a generation who has the most to lose.’ Executive director of the International Energy Agency Fatih Birol, previously said: ‘If governments are serious about the climate crisis, there can be no new investments in oil, gas, and coal, from now – from this year.’ Hollywood actress Rebel Wilson will be hosting tonight’s festivities alongside stars such as Daniel Kaluuya, Emma Watson, Florence Pugh, and Tom Hiddleston who will be presenting awards. The evening will also feature entertainment by Dame Shirley Bassey, performing a rendition of a Bond theme song to celebrate 60 years of the spy film franchise, and a video message from the Duke of Cambridge, who is the president of Bafta. Elsewhere Benedict and Stephen Graham were stars showing support for Ukraine, as Russia’s invasion rages on. The EE British Academy Film Awards will air on BBC One at 7pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : All the looks from the Baftas 2022 red carpet as the celebs arrive MORE : Which actor has won the most Baftas? 