Kim Kardashian sent us all into a spin with her infamous outfit at the 2021 Met Gala, hitting the red carpet covered head-to-toe in black material. The Balenciaga outfit divided fans at the time, and it turns out that the 41-year-old ‘didn’t get it’ herself. Recalling the famous fashion moment at Vogue’s Forces of Fashion conference this week, she admitted that the brand’s creative director, Demna Gvasalia, had to talk her into it. ‘When he told me about the idea, I could tell he was trying to ease me into it,’ she said. ‘At first, I didn’t get it. I can’t go to the Met and cover my face; what is my glam team going to do? But I trust Demna 100 percent. ‘You have to have that trust so that even when you’re taking a big risk, you know it’ll be worth it.’ It was definitely a big risk for the mum-of-four, who couldn’t actually ‘see or breathe’ in the outfit. All eyes will be on Kim’s outfit this year – after the theme was announced as ‘In America: An Anthology of fashion’. ‘The stories really reflect the evolution of American style, but they also explore the work of individual tailors, dress-makers, and designers,’ curator Andrew Bolton told Vogue US of the upcoming event. ‘What’s exciting for me is that some of the names will be very familiar to students of fashion like Charles James, Halston, and Oscar de la Renta, but a lot of the other names really have been forgotten, overlooked or relegated into the footnotes of fashion history.’ While we’re already excited at the prospect of Kim’s next outfit, her eldest daughter will probably have a lot to say on whatever she chooses for the red carpet. Speaking at the conference, the reality star confessed North West is actually her harshest critic when it comes to her wardrobe. ‘North is very opinionated when it comes to what I’m wearing,’ she told the crowd. ‘She’ll always complain when I’m wearing too much black. ‘I showed up at her school on Valentine’s Day wearing head-to-toe pink, and she got so excited she ran over and hugged me. ‘[Of course] she opened my coat, saw the black lining, and says, “Mum, you’re still wearing black”.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ellie and sister Izzi Warner ‘to take break from Gogglebox’ following boyfriend Nat’s horrific car accident MORE : Paul Chuckle opens up on spiritual sighting of late brother Barry shortly after his death: ‘I could see him nodding and winking at me’ 