Musicians from all corners of the world have raised a bow in solidarity with their counterparts in Ukraine. A touching performance of folk song ‘Verbovaya Doschechka’ has been shared online today. Illia Bondarenko, hiding in a bomb shelter in Kyiv, opens the clip as he stares defiantly down the camera. The camera pans out and he is joined, virtually, by dozens of other violinists. From the world’s greatest orchestras to a lone fiddler in the Scottish Highlands, the universal message was one of hope, explained British violinist Kerenza Peacock. She is raising money for those affected by the war through the Violinists Support Ukraine website. She said: ‘On the day Putin’s forces invaded Ukraine, I was at home practicing my scales. I wondered what my Ukrainian counterparts were doing in that moment. So I took to Instagram and befriended some violinists in Ukraine. ‘Some were also practicing their scales – in between arming themselves with Molotov cocktails. ‘Some violinists were hiding in basements and bomb shelters in Kyiv, but still had their violins with them. ‘Devastated to hear the explosions were so close, and desperate to offer some comfort, I asked one of them, young virtuoso Illia Bondarenko, if he would film himself playing in his basement shelter. ‘I then asked other violinists in Ukraine and colleagues from around the world to play along with him in harmony.’ In the space of 48 hours, Kerenza received videos from 94 violinists, representing the support of 29 different countries. Nine other young violinists sheltering in Ukraine joined Illia, and players from the London Symphony Orchestra, Tokyo Symphony, Oslo Philharmonic, Munich Chamber Orchestra and the Hollywood Studios also took part. Illia was forced to film his segment in between explosions because he could not hear himself play. More Ukrainians wanted to take part, but could not ‘because they now have guns in their hands instead of violins’. Kerenza added: ‘Violinists are a fellowship who all have rosin and broken E strings in common, but sadly some are currently having to think about how to arm themselves, and hiding in bomb shelters instead of playing Beethoven or bluegrass. ‘The violin has traditionally been an instrument through which to express grief. Watching each video as it arrived in my inbox was very emotional. ‘We are playing for peace, and encourage everyone to find a way to help Ukraine.’ Verbovaya Doschechka is a folk song traditionally sang during an ancient traditional Ukrainian spring game called ‘The Willow Board.’ The rousing rendition by Violinists Support Ukraine brought tears to many. Footballer Gary Lineker shared the video on Twitter and wrote: ‘Beautiful. Without the megalomaniacal, narcissistic and bizarrely territorial leaders across the world, I reckon we’d all get along pretty peacefully.’ Author Patrick Gale added the video was ‘almost unbearingly moving.’ Music has increasingly been used as an act of defiance throughout the conflict in Ukraine. Mum-of-two Irina Maniukina’s home was near to destroyed in a Russian shelling this week. While debris was scattered through the flat, her white piano was miraculously still intact. A video of Irina dusting ash off her keys before playing her piano to ‘forget the worries of war’ has been viewed 1.6 million times. And on Wednesday, the Kyiv-Classic Symphony Orchestra brought music to the city’s central Maidan Square. Ukraine’s national anthem echoed throughout the city during the emotional afternoon. A more impromptu performance was seen in Odessa. Against the backdrop of barricades and the Odesa Opera House, Ukrainian soldiers played a rendition of ‘Don’t Worry Be Happy.’ While Ukrainians may be using music to lift spirits, Vladimir Putin’s forces are said to be suffering from low morale. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky says between 500 and 600 Russian troops surrendered yesterday alone. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.