Bella Hadid has revealed her regrets after getting a nose job when she was just 14 years old. The 25-year-old has one of the most recognizable faces in fashion, and has walked for some of the biggest brands in the world. However, in a candid interview with Vogue US, the supermodel opened up about going under the knife at such a young age. She also took the opportunity to slam rumors that she had other work done to resemble Carla Bruni, insisting that she has also not had fillers. ‘I wish I had kept the nose of my ancestors,’ she told the publication, explaining that she would have ‘grown into it’. ‘People think I fully f**ked with my face because of one picture of me as a teenager looking puffy. I’m pretty sure you don’t look the same now as you did at 13, right? I have never used filler. Let’s just put an end to that. I have no issue with it, but it’s not for me. ‘Whoever thinks I’ve gotten my eyes lifted or whatever it’s called – it’s face tape! The oldest trick in the book. I’ve had this impostor syndrome where people made me feel like I didn’t deserve any of this. People always have something to say, but what I have to say is, I’ve always been misunderstood in my industry and by the people around me.’ Bella lifted the lid on how tough she found it growing up, as she was always ‘the ugly sister’ beside elder sibling – and fellow model – Gigi Hadid. She recalled being seen as ‘not as outgoing’ and not as ‘cool’ as the mom-of-one, which had a huge impact on her confidence and made her feel like she ‘had something to prove’ in the industry. ‘People can say anything about how I look, about how I talk, about how I act. But in seven years I never missed a job, canceled a job, was late to a job. No one can ever say that I don’t work my ass off,’ she added. Bella has been open about battling anxiety and depression in the past, sharing a string of sad selfies on Instagram in November while discussing her ‘depressive episodes’. Explaining what led her to let her millions of followers into this part of her life, she said that the post in question made her feel ‘less lonely’ as many others replied saying that they can relate. ‘My mom or my doctor would ask how I was and instead of having to respond in text, I would just send them a photo… I was never able to explain how I was feeling,’ she previously told the Wall Street Journal. ‘It was the easiest thing for me to do at the time because I was never able to explain how I was feeling. ‘It was the easiest thing for me to do at the time because I was never able to explain how I was feeling. ‘When I posted them, it was to make sure that anybody that was feeling that way knew it was okay to feel that way… Even though on Instagram things look so beautiful, at the end of the day, we are all cut from the same cloth.’ Vogue’s April 2022 issue is available on newsstands nationwide on March 29. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ms Marvel trailer: Ultimate fangirl Kamala Khan gains cosmic superpowers in teen coming-of-age Disney Plus adventure MORE : Family of Rob Rinder’s Strictly partner Oksana Platero’s narrowly missed Russian bomb in Ukraine 