Roman Abramovich has been disqualified from owning Chelsea by the Premier League. A statement read: ‘Following the imposition of sanctions by the UK Government, the Premier League Board has disqualified Roman Abramovich as a Director of Chelsea Football Club. ‘The Board’s decision does not impact on the club’s ability to train and play its fixtures, as set out under the terms of a licence issued by the Government which expires on 31 May 2022.’ Abramovich’s disqualification came little over 48 hours after Boris Johnson’s administration sanctioned the Russian oligarch amid his historic ties to Russian president Vladimir Putin, who continues to wage war on Ukraine. The 55-year-old has subsequently been denied the chance to make a quickfire sale of the west London club, having previously been hoping to net up to £4billion.  British property tycoon Nick Candy remains interested in purchasing the Premier League giants, but a sale can only be made on the guarantee that Abramovich makes no financial gain. Until such a time, Chelsea remain in a state of limbo with their main sources of revenue cut off and doubts growing over the futures of their players, particularly those with less than six months remaining on their contracts. Speaking ahead of Saturday’s match against Newcastle, manager Thomas Tuchel admitted he would understand if any of his playing staff felt ‘frightened’ by the current situation. ‘Some players will feel uncertainty,’ he said. ‘Some maybe will be a bit frightened. Some will be concerned. It’s normal. ‘It’s not only the players,’ Tuchel added. ‘We have a lot of people on the staff, in the club who are maybe also worried and scared and uncertain. ‘That’s why it’s very important that we keep the trust and the belief in the training centre, in all of us. We didn’t cause the situation.’ MORE : Roman Abramovich disqualified from owning Chelsea by Premier League MORE : Paul Merson expects Timo Werner to be sold after Roman Abramovich sanctions and makes Chelsea v Newcastle prediction For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 