Lady Gaga had a busy night on Sunday as she hopped over to a Critics Choice Awards event in London after attending the Baftas. And, as is to be expected, her fashion game was absolutely and jaw-droppingly on point for both appearances. The pop icon and actress was one of the biggest star names at the British Academy Film Awards at the Royal Albert Hall earlier in the day before hot-footing it across the capital to The Savoy hotel for the London telecast of the Hollywood awards ceremony. While Gaga’s gorgeous Bafta gown was a show stopper – a glorious and intricate dark emerald green dress by Ralph Lauren – it was her second outfit of the evening that really turned heads. The Bad Romance singer, 35, absolutely stole the show on her second red carpet of the night in a daring and very chest-baring Gucci look. The cut-out gown included black bustier-style coverings on her breasts with a deep, plunging neckline nearly down to her navel above a pale gold sweeping skirt adorned with embellishments. The stunning look was completed with a high-neck black lace bolero and glitzy jewellery by Tiffany & Co. and not a single (perfectly coiffed) hair out of place despite the quick dash across town. Gaga was nominated for best actress at both the Baftas and the Critics Choice Awards for her role as Patrizia Reggiani in Sir Ridley Scott’s House of Gucci, but missed out on both gongs. She first lost the leading actress prize at the Baftas to Joanna Scanlon, who picked up the award for her role in After Love, also fending off competition from  Alana Haim, Emilia Jones, Tessa Thompson and Renate Reinsve. The pop and film star was then beaten to the best actress nod at the Critics Choice Awards by Jessica Chastain for her role in The Eyes of Tammy Faye. Still, Gaga was in good spirits on the night despite her losses, and was pictured rubbing shoulders with Bafta winner Ariana DeBose at the Critics Choice Awards bash. Ariana, who picked up the Bafta for supporting actress for her turn as Anita in Steven Spielberg’s adaptation of Broadway hit West Side Story, as well as the Critics Choice accolade, stunned at the after-party in a yellow strapless dress with a thigh-high split and red rose embellishment on the side. Gaga attended the two events with boyfriend Michael Polansky, who was handed a Golden Bra by Bafta host Rebel Wilson during the ceremony. The Pitch Perfect star, who hosted the annual celebration of film, said she wanted to give out ‘Rebel Baftas’ as she noted most of the nominees had a high percentage of losing on the night. She explained that while the real Bafta awards are designed in the shape of a golden mask, she had made her prizes out of her old bras that she had dyed gold. Tech entrepreneur Michael, Gaga’s partner of over two years, was given the ‘Best Plus One’ prize by the Aussie actress, with Rebel noting he had a ‘good gig’ sitting alongside her, which sent the pop icon into fits of giggles. Several big winners at this year’s Baftas continued their successes across the pond at the Critics Choice Awards after scoring themselves double wins. The Power Of The Dog, Will Smith, Troy Kotsur and Ariana all won equivalent awards at the ceremonies in London and Los Angeles, which both took place on Sunday – two weeks out from the Oscars. Jane Campion’s dark western scored the Critics Choice Awards major prize of best picture, after having also won the Bafta for best picture. Campion was also handed the award for best director at both ceremonies, fending off Sir Kenneth Branagh in the category. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bafta 2022: Naomi Campbell partied so hard she wore trainers home from after-party and we don’t blame her MORE : Critics Choice Awards: Rita Ora and Taika Waititi most popular couple as Serena Williams, Kristen Stewart and Zoey Deutch grab photos with lovebirds MORE : Baftas 2022: Rebel Wilson makes dig at Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith affair drama after he misses ceremony in favour of Critics’ Choice Awards 