Senior royals – including Prince Charles and the Duke of Cambridge – were ‘dismayed’ by Prince Andrew’s central role at Philip’s memorial service, it has been reported. They are said to have ‘reluctantly’ acceded to the Duke of York accompanying the Queen from Windsor Castle to the thanksgiving event at Westminster Abbey because they live so close to each other. However, it was hoped ‘common sense’ would prevent him having any prominent role in front of the cameras during his first public appearance since reaching a multimillion-pound out-of-court settlement in a civil sexual assault case. But Andrew put himself ‘front and centre’ by escorting his mother to her seat before taking his own in the front row, causing ‘consternation’ among some of his own relatives, a family source told the Daily Mail. They said: ‘It would be a great shame if the service was overshadowed by all of this. There is a strong sense of regret that this has happened.’ The event at Westminster Abbey was an opportunity for Philip’s close family, European kings and queens, charity bosses and young people, whose generation were championed by the duke, to say their final goodbyes after his funeral was restricted to 30 mourners due to Covid regulations. By the end, as the National Anthem was played, the Queen – attending her first major public event in more than five months – looked emotional, blinking several times as her family sung around her. The 95-year-old monarch had been determined to make the appearance at the deeply personal occasion in honour of her ‘strength and stay’ Philip, with her attendance only confirmed the same morning. The prominent and symbolic role played by Andrew – long-rumoured to be her favourite child – was described by some commentators as a practical decision, but others have suggested it is a move towards rehabilitation for the disgraced duke. Former BBC royal correspondent Peter Hunt said: ‘It didn’t happen by chance. He could have sat in the congregation with others, with his relatives, but they actively decided that he would have this role of supporting her. ‘So she has chosen, in essence, to remind people that he hasn’t admitted any wrongdoing, he’s not guilty of anything, he’s innocent. And she’s very clearly stating that he has a role at family occasions.’ The congregation of around 1,800 included the Prime Minister and leading Cabinet members, party leaders, military chiefs and dozens of minor royals and Philip’s relations from Germany. The monarch was heavily involved in arrangements for the service which featured elements Philip had planned for his own funeral which were forbidden due to Covid-19 restrictions. A rendition of the hymn Guide Me, O Thou Great Redeemer – also known as Bread Of Heaven – was one of his requests, but congregational singing was banned at the time of his death. Eleven months on, those who knew and loved Philip sang the anthem with gusto as the song echoed around the vast church. Duke of Edinburgh’s Gold Award holders and members of the youth UK Cadet Force associations lined the steps of the abbey, and prayers were said by clergy from Windsor, Sandringham and Balmoral. Special arrangements were put in place for the Queen’s comfort, with the service limited to 40 minutes and the monarch sitting in one of the Canada chairs but with an additional cushion. She has confessed to not being able to move easily, and the issue was understood to be whether she would be able to walk to her seat. Royal receptions were staged later at London and Windsor and it is thought some of the many foreign heads of state – who included King Felipe and Queen Letizia of Spain, King Willem-Alexander and Queen Maxima of the Netherlands, Sweden’s King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia, and Queen Margrethe of Denmark – may have attended. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.