Only Chinese President Xi Jinping can ‘talk sense’ to Vladimir Putin and persuade him to end his invasion of Ukraine, the former head of MI6 has said. As Russian forces continue to blast Kyiv and other major cities, Sir Alex Younger said Putin is ‘obsessed by achieving greatness’ through the restoration of his country’s empire. He suggested the Chinese leader will be ‘disturbed’ by events in eastern Europe and may be able to ‘assert influence’ over his counterpart and ally. Speaking on BBC Radio 4’s Today programme, Sir Alex said: ‘Of all the people in the world that can assert influence on Vladimir Putin, who is in his bunker and who is obsessed by achieving greatness through the restoration of the Russian Empire…, of all the people that can talk sense to him, it’s Xi (Jinping, the Chinese leader). ‘Vladimir Putin needs Xi and of course Xi while he feels he has to align himself at the high level with what Russia is doing because of their new alliance, must be deeply disturbed by what is going on.’ He added that the situation in Ukraine is ‘seriously compounding the economic problems that China face’ and carries a ‘huge reputational risk’ if they continue to associate themselves with the ‘murderous activities in Ukraine’. The former intelligence officer added: ‘Putin does not have a reverse gear. He gambled. ‘He has hit extraordinary difficulties early on but he’s going to keep going and he has to, because he went into this war with a false premise, and he needs to be seen to be bringing something back from it.’ China has so far refused to criticise Russia over its invasion, or even to refer to it as a ‘war’. Earlier this week, Beijing said its stance on the Ukraine conflict is ‘completely objective, impartial and constructive’. The Kremlin has also denied reports it requested Chinese military equipment for use in the conflict. On Tuesday, foreign ministry spokesperson Zhao Lijian repeated assertions that China was ‘deeply grieved’ by ‘the situation’, and said it was committed to promoting peace talks. He added: ‘China’s position and statement on the Ukraine issue is completely objective, impartial and constructive. ‘We have a clear goal, that is to promote the de-escalation of the situation and end the conflict as soon as possible.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.