A private investigator has claimed that being a mum has trained her to expose wrongdoing for billion dollar companies. She says her skills have been honed as a ‘human lie detector’ by sussing out when her children are telling lies. Sharon Sutila, 52, is CEO of Cluso Investigation which she founded in 2008. Through her work she has exposed men on the FBI’s fugitive list and has been threatened by people after uncovering their lies. However, Sharon says her best detective ability comes out to play around her children, corporate administrator Marissa Vigano, 28, and Tesla Sutila, 12. ‘My kids have always known they won’t get away with not telling me the truth,’ she explains. ‘My skillset means I stay as neutral as I can, even if I don’t trust what they are telling me. ‘I don’t call them out, I try to stay cool and find out if they are telling me the truth, but I always find out. ‘They are aware of that, so they have grown up knowing it is always better to tell the truth. ‘If they’ve ever told me they don’t have homework when they do, they know I will find out about it.’ When Marissa was younger and tried to conceal a bad school mark from her detective mum, Sharon found out and showed her the New York penal code. This ensured she knew that lying and concealing can have serious consequences. ‘I think it scared her to death,’ she recalls. Sharon first recognised her detective instincts when she was 12 years old. Faced with a bully who had written a nasty note and broken a vinyl record of hers, she became set on exposing the bully to teachers. Inspired by fictional detectives Nancy Drew and Sherlock Holmes, she used handwriting to catch the bully. By comparing the handwriting on fellow pupils’ homework with that on the note, she soon had her suspect. Eventually, the bully admitted their crime and Sharon was well on her way to becoming a private investigator. ‘To lie to me, you’d better be prepared to be caught, as I will always try to figure it out,’ she says. When Sharon graduated from the University of South Florida with a degree in engineering in 1992, she was expected to join the family fishing and seafood business. But Sharon wanted to forge her own path and joined multinational technology corporation IBM in 1995 as a consultant. It was there that she realised she could blend her skills in coding and investigations to suss out potential new employees. ‘On the projects I was on, there were several people who had not told the truth on their resumes,’ she notes. ‘Back then the checks weren’t as rigorous as they are now. ‘People had put down degrees that they had never taken and qualifications that they never had.’ Throwing herself into background checking work, she learned how to research and navigate through public data which was readily available. Quickly she became an essential part of the process, assisting the company all over the world, using a code which sifted and analysed credit header information. ‘I wanted to know more about the person, or I couldn’t be sure they weren’t lying to me,’ she explains. ‘I absolutely love research, figuring things out and problem solving. I like challenges and tend to dig in if something interests me. It’s how I’ve always been. What attracted me to computers early on was the problem solving aspect.’ Sharon says her private investigation methods are ‘far creepier’ than those often depicted on TV and film screens. ‘Private investigating is much creepier in real life, as I don’t have to leave the house,’ she says. ‘I mostly work on allowing people to tell me what they want to tell me first. And I’ll try to see if they are being honest.” While Sharon’s work has led to some nasty threats being made, nothing fazes her after 27 years in the job. And by working in a male-dominated industry, Sharon says she has always pushed to break down bias and barriers. This experience of feeling ‘lost’ in offices surrounded by men has been used as inspiration for her first novel, The Healing, published this week. ‘Championing equality for women is my lifelong passion,’ she says. ‘Challenging gender bias and the stereotyping of women is critically important to combat the issue. ‘I wrote my book by starting my character with a lot of my own background. I grew up in the same time frame as the book and went through the very same gender norms, which can mean women can’t do or achieve certain things. ‘In the book, the character starts in the same way I did – being told I couldn’t follow my own path. And she is trying to find her purpose in the world.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum gives birth to 10lb baby weighing as much as a bag of potatoes with no pain relief MORE : Pregnant woman stuns strangers with her giant bump MORE : Mum quits job and sells possessions to travel the world with her family