When my editor first asked me to look into the ‘eat the frog’ productivity technique, I instantly forgot about the request and had to be reminded the next day – proving why it was high time I gave it a go. Having recently been diagnosed with ADHD, I’m getting to grips with the fact my brain doesn’t always work how I want it to. While the knowledge of this helps me feel less guilty about constant distractions and lapses in memory, it doesn’t fix the problem. Yes, I know why I struggle to focus, but I’m no nearer to being the attentive and studious person I long to be. That’s why ‘eat the frog’ piqued my interest. It’s a simple technique based on the Mark Twain quote: Personal and Professional Development coach Brian Tracy took this literary tidbit and applied it to the modern world, devising a strategy to help people with concentration. In his book Eat That Frog! (one of 70 Tracy has written, which is either a good or very bad sign) the business consultant outlines the theory, which essentially requires you to prioritise the worst jobs on your list. When you get up in the morning, prioritise your worst task of the day – your ‘frog’ – and work on that until you’re done and can freely move on to the next. The idea is that, rather than procrastinating and building a task up in your mind so it seems insurmountable, you rip the plaster off and the rest of the day will seem like a breeze in comparison. Given how many of us work on multiple things at once, you may be asking how on earth you choose your frog. If your whole to-do list fills you with fear, what difference does the order it’s in make? As it turns out, making that choice in itself is part of the process to hack your productivity. According to bestselling Author and Business Coach, James Clear, each task has an ‘Action Line’, when the pain of procrastination peaks (‘future consequences turn into present consequences’) and we’re forced to act. ‘As soon as you cross the Action Line, the pain begins to subside,’ he says. ‘The guilt, shame, and anxiety that you feel while procrastinating are usually worse than the effort and energy you have to put in while you’re working. The problem is not doing the work, it’s starting the work.’ Zoe Mallett, Certified Life Coach and founder of ZMLC tells Metro.co.uk: ‘We often put off those uncomfortable conversations or time consuming personal errands – and that can cause emotional distress because we are constantly thinking about them until we finish them. ‘We tend to put a lot of pressure on ourselves through putting things off – more stress than if we just confronted them. However, our mind likes to stay comfortable, we like to stay in a place that feels safe, and usually the tasks we are putting off are difficult or new or may test us. ‘There’s great benefit to mirroring techniques in all aspects of your life if they work for you.’ It does seem simple. Perhaps too simple, which may be why I was sceptical to start with. Like any self help hack, though, you still have to put the work in to see results. Tracy’s book goes on to say: ‘The first rule of frog eating is this: If you have to eat two frogs in a day, eat the ugliest one first.’ This can be difficult if your lifestyle doesn’t involve a strict or set list of tasks, as well as if you’re less than enthused about the prospect of any of them. Zoe says: ‘Consider your own patterns. If you aren’t a morning person and are more productive in the afternoon, then tackling the biggest job first isn’t going to be of benefit. ‘You have to understand your own cycle. Some people are at their peak productive and creative last thing in the day, and this may be more beneficial to tackling a bigger project during this time.’ Get into the habit of writing down the tasks you complete and when, adding notes concerning the time each one took and how you felt while doing it. It may not be the case that you can move the froggiest ones to first thing, but you can block out time in your day to do them or alter the task (by asking for extra help or speaking to your boss about deadlines or targets) so it doesn’t spark dread. As if found out through trying to eat frogs myself, you can also incorporate it into your non-work life – whether that’s prepping veg for dinner ahead of time to avoid a last minute ‘can’t be bothered to cook’ takeaway, or heading to the gym as soon as your alarm goes off so it’s over and done with for the day. Here’s how it went for me… Today is my first day of eating the frog, once again prompted by my editor after I once again completely forgot about the whole thing. This has been my main problem with the technique so far – actually remembering to do it. Once I’m started, I prioritise two articles that have been clogging up my to-do list and get them done in double quick time, no doubt helped along by the knowledge that they’d be crossed off shortly. I like the feeling of getting these tasks out of the way, but journalism is an industry that leaves the best-laid organisational plans by the wayside. Waiting for replies and scheduling interviews around experts means a set timetable is rarely viable, so I spend the rest of the day playing catch-up with correspondence. On day two I realised that I needed to make it more of a lifestyle than something I consider in the morning only. To help myself get into the frog-eating mood while working I’ve tried to incorporate it into non-work stuff too. I know I feel worse if I start work without getting properly dressed or eating breakfast, but often forgo these necessities in favour of extra time in bed. I got up earlier and made sure I was presentable, showered, and fed before sitting down to work, which felt like eating the frog in itself and propelled me towards an easygoing day where everything fell into place. As the days have gone on I’ve also made a point of thinking about the next day’s to-do list in the evenings. Even if it’s just a few bulletpoints in my notes app or ten minutes to consider tomorrow’s frog, it’s helped put my priorities in some sort of order. I find myself on my day off folding laundry before heading out to do fun stuff. Past me would have left that and ended up with a bigger pile (and more chore dread), but I do think this technique is rubbing off on me. Rather than a morning scheduling method, I’ve taken on more of an eat the frog ‘mantra’, reciting the phrase in my head when I’m considering putting off something that’s necessary but lacking excitement. After a week I don’t think I’m outwardly much more productive, but I have managed to tick off things on my checklist that have been languishing there forever – which I’d call a success. If you’re the type of person who, like me, leans towards instant gratification and a quick dopamine fix, eating the frog likely won’t come naturally. That said, it’s a worthwhile outlook on life, and will take the element of choice (and therefore the chance of you choosing the path of least resistance) out of your daily planning. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Three-bedroom house on sale for £260,000 hides an amazing pool inside MORE : Woman in a relationship with a toy plane says he’s the best partner she’s ever had