Looking forward to new episodes of Netflix’s horny megahit, Bridgerton? Yes, we know there are going to be fewer actual sex scenes this season, but we certainly don’t expect that to mean it’s going to be any less sex-y. So, to hail the return of the show that brought us, among other things, Regencycore and ‘I burn for you’, sexual wellness brand Lelo UK’s sex expert Kate Moyle has shared three Bridgerton-inspired sex positions for you to try… This one’s not about the penetration, but the build-up of desire and sexual tension. Kind of like season two, by the sounds of it. Kate said: ‘This is Daphne’s famous line to Simon before he replies, “I want to show you more” in one of the show’s most notable sex scenes. ‘On the theme of building desire and arousal, this position is about building anticipation, tease and tension all of which contribute to preparing you emotionally and physically for sex.’ Simply lie or sit facing each other and agree that you won’t touch your obvious erogenous zones. Set a timer for something like 20 minutes and spend that time touching and easing other parts of each other’s bodies, taking it nice and slow. When the timer goes off, then you can get down to business. Eye contact is key for this sex position, which is all about connection and intimacy. ‘This is a great position for mutual pleasure with more of a grinding than a thrusting motion,’ said Kate. ‘Both partners are in the same position mirroring each other, so sitting with legs bent leaning back on your arms (imagine an M shape), you then move together. ‘One of you will put your legs over the others to allow you to move against each other.’ Feel free to make adjustments based on what’s most comfortable and pleasurable to you. Why not model your next sexual liaison after some chic Regency-era furniture? Kate said: ‘To replicate the shape, one partner lies on their side propped up on their elbow, and the other lies in front of them in a spooning-style position. ‘This can be a slow and sensual position which also offers up a lot of added opportunity for kissing down the neck which can be a real erogenous zone for lots of people.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Bridgerton star teases significant season 2 ‘turning point’ for Jonathan Bailey’s Anthony in emotion-driven family moment MORE : Bridgerton star Nicola Coughlan rocks dressing gown chic after missing season 2 premiere over positive Covid test MORE : Will Daphne and the Duke be in Bridgerton season 2?