David and Victoria Beckham were among the stars paying tribute to their mums as they celebrated Mother’s Day across the UK on Sunday with plenty of heartwarming messages (there’s plenty of cards and a few bunches of flowers, too). The former footballer shared several childhood snaps of himself and mum Sandra who he thanked for being ‘an amazing mum’ and being devoted to him and his children Brooklyn, Romeo, Cruz and Harper. ‘Happy Mother’s Day mum to an amazing mum & nanny ❤️ we all love u so much and thank for always being there for us all ❤️ @lynnebeckhambriggs1972 @jo_jo_beckham_ @victoriabeckham @brooklynbeckham @romeobeckham,’ the 47-year-old wrote. Victoria also posted several family snaps to mark the day, including one with daughter Harper relaxing in a pool and another with her mother Jackie. The fashion designer wrote: ‘Wishing all the mummies out there a happy Mother’s Day xx kisses from me, @brooklynbeckham @romeobeckham @cruzbeckham @davidbeckham #HarperSeven (And Harper is drinking juice, not wine!!)’. Kate Beckinsale, Holly Willoughby, Geri Horner, Nicole Appleton, Kym Marsh and other celebrities also had loving words to say about their mums. Underworld star Kate shared a hilarious side-by-side video of herself and her mother, fellow actress Judy Loe both lip-syncing to Your Love by The Outfield. ‘Happy Mother’s Day to all the UK mamas. I’m so grateful for you, Jude – my lighthouse in the dark, my dearest friend, and most importantly the person I’ve been having the best laffs with since birth. You f*****g rock. Except at the drums,’ she wrote. This Morning presenter Holly revealed she was treated to a pancake breakfast by her children Harry, 12, Belle, 10, and Chester, seven, in honour of the day. She also posted a snap of herself with mum Linda, writing, ‘Nothing says Happy Mother’s Day more than your name on a Pancake… thank you Harry! Belle likes pancakes with her cream… Happy Mothers day to you and yours.’ ‘Happy Mother’s Day to the best… love you so much mama,’ Holly added. Spice Girl singer Geri posted a photo of her mother Ana alongside snaps of her children Bluebell, 15, and Montague, five. ‘Mama I love you so much, Happy Mother’s Day! To all the amazing mums, Grandmothers , mother-in-laws, step mothers, God mothers , stand in mums , friends who mother each other. I’m privileged to have a great mother, and I love being a mother too,’ she wrote. Nicole shared a black and white photo alongside her mother Mary and wrote: ‘Happy mummys day my beautiful Mumma !! you are my world! I love you soo much.’ TV presenter Lorraine also put up a snap of her and her very glam mum – a throwback to the 60s. ‘Happy Mothers Day to my, fabulous mum who brought South of France glamour to the Costa Clyde back in 1961,’ she penned. Iain Stirling posted a snap of himself alongside his wife Love Island presenter Laura Whitmore. The couple are doting parents and welcomed their daughter in March of last year and he said Laura, 36, was the ‘best mumma there is.’ He said: ‘Happy Mother’s Day, to the best Mumma there is! From a very lucky Daddy x’. Actress Kym Marsh posted a photo alongside her mother Pauline, who she said was an inspiration and a ‘warrior.’ ‘Happy Mother’s Day to my Amazing Mum! @marshyswife @oaulinemarsh08 You may only be little, but oh my god!!! You’re a warrior! ‘You are and continue to be my inspiration, not only as a mother but as a woman. Your selflessness, kindness, strength and courage is second to none. Your love and support, your wise words and advice and your hugs are all I need to make everything seem better when I am worried or sad.’ ‘You have always been there for me mum, no matter what, through dark times, through times of uncertainty and through times of joy. ‘I am so very lucky that you’re not only my wonderful mum, you’re also my best friend. You’re a very special lady and I am so very very proud of you always,’ the former soap star added. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Victoria Beckham and best pal Eva Longoria will coordinate dresses for Brooklyn’s wedding and they might just steal the show MORE : Holly Willoughby finally returns to This Morning after agonising wait for negative Covid result: ‘The worst advent calendar ever’ 