Vitali and Wladimir Klitschko have begged for greater military assistance from the ‘whole world’ after criticising the slow response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The brothers, both of whom are former heavyweight champions, have been prominent speakers since Vladimir Putin launched an invasion of their country a week ago. Vitali is the current mayor of Ukraine capital Kyiv, after moving into politics following his retirement from boxing. The pair have both remained in Kyiv since the invasion began, refusing to flee despite hundreds of thousands of citizens opting to seeking refuge. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Governments across the world have sanctioned Russia since the invasion, freezing bank accounts, seizing assets and ending business ventures. But the Klitschko brothers say the response so far has been too slow and not heavy enough to deter the invasion, with the pair both begging for greater military assistance from across the world. ‘Where else should we go?’ asked Wladimir.‘This is our home. Our parents buried are here, our children go to school here. Why should we flee this our home. What would you do? Vitali then backed up his brother, insisting that ‘everyone’ needs to assist Ukraine. ‘Everyone has to be involved, it’s a war against thecivilian world and it’s war against democracy,’ said Vitali.‘Everything that happens here we need support, support from whole world it’s a challenge for whole modern society.’ The pair then both spoke of the need for Ukraine to be given more military support, particularly by contributing weapons. ‘It’s not enough,’ said Wladimir, speaking about the response so far.‘Yes we are starting to get it but it’s never enough. There is huge demand, infrastructure is partially destroyed by the shelling and its happening all over the country in different cities. ‘It’s definitely not enough we need more support and help financial, military equipment support, medical support. This country is in a war and without support of you guys and the world we will fight but it’s much better if we have allies like you guys and just fighting for democracy and our choice. ‘Terrible events happened in the past six days. Its horrible with men and women dying. I am proud of our men and women who defend their country for their children. It’s amazing to observe.’ Vitali then explicitly requested more weapons from governments across the world. ‘Definitely we need weapons, we need more weapons because we stand in front of the strongest army in the world,’ said Vitali.‘Without help from other countries it’s very difficult to survive. That’s why we thank you very much for everyone who participated in the fight for Ukraine.’ MORE : Russia bombs Holocaust memorial in Kyiv where 34,000 Jews were massacred 