One of the ‘world’s best snipers’ has vowed to take on Putin’s troops. The mysterious marksman – known only by the nickname ‘Wali’ – has answered president Volodymyr Zelensky’s call for foreign volunteers to join the fight in Ukraine. His name translates to ‘protector’ or ‘guardian’ in Arabic. The 40-year-old had been working as a computer programmer in Canada when the war unfolded. Wali, a veteran of the Royal Canadian 22nd Regiment, said Ukraine’s call for help felt ‘like a firefighter who hears the alarm ringing’. He said he even missed his son’s first birthday to make the trip. Wali has been in the warzone for over a week now – and at points swapped his rifle for a camera. He shares photos online, adding: ‘I feel like I’m the spectator of WW3 in colour.’ Wali had flown to Poland and driven toward the war zone with a friend who was transporting humanitarian supplies. But the pair ran out of gas and went searching for help. At a Ukrainian checkpoint the men – and Wali’s AK-47 – were initially met with ‘dark looks’ until the soldiers realised they were not Russians. Wali wrote on his Facebook page called The Torch and Sword: ‘The unit commander escorted us to a gas station with a little bit of gas left for the military. ‘We were invited to a small restaurant by the roadside. ‘A hot meal was prepared for us by a lady. The lady was wearing a yellow scarf on her arm, a symbol of Ukrainian fighters. ‘Ukrainians are tough on invaders, but welcoming with those who come help them.’ He also has met several ‘warrior’ locals, such as a farmer who stalks Russian tanks and, when they break down, moves in with a tractor to tow them away. Wali has previously been dubbed one of the world’s best snipers. And he also worked alongside a Canadian soldier who famously shot dead an Islamic State terrorist from an incredible distance of 3,450m – more than two miles away – in 2017. It was a feat described as a grim ‘world record’. The kill, in Iraq, surpassed British sharpshooter Craig Harrison’s, who shot dead a Taliban fighter in Afghanistan from 2,475 metres. Wali is said to have been joined in Ukraine by three other ex-Canadian military servicemen who were met with ‘hugs and smiles’. More than 20,000 people, from 52 countries, have joined the fight against Russia. Among those to sign up are reportedly four British soldiers who have gone AWOL to take part, with one known as a teenage soldier in the Coldstream Guards who has left his ceremonial Queen’s Guard duty to go.; It comes as Nato warns Russia it could intervene if chemical warfare begins in Ukraine. UK armed forces minister James Heappey said using chemical weapons would be a ‘red line’ that would have to be crossed. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.