Sacked Formula One driver Nikita Mazepin claims he no longer trusts his former team Haas. The Russian driver claimed he found out he’d been sacked through a press release and the 23-year-old insists he has not ruled out taking legal action against the Formula One team. Mazepin’s father, oligarch Dmitry Mazepin, is a part-owner of Haas’ former title sponsor, Uralkali – a contract which was also torn up – as well as an associate of Russian president Vladimir Putin. Uralkali published a statement on Wednesday demanding ‘immediate reimbursement’ of money already transferred to Haas for the forthcoming season. Following the invasion of Ukraine, the FIA has confirmed that Russian drivers are allowed to continue under a neutral flag. But the sporting federation also said all drivers must agree to its principles of peace and neutrality and ‘acknowledge the strong commitment made by the FIA to stand in solidarity with the people of Ukraine and all of those suffering as a result of the ongoing conflict’. Mazepin said he did not consider signing the document because he was dismissed by Haas the following day. ‘I appreciated the small number of drivers who expressed their support for me,’ said Mazepin, speaking from Moscow. ‘Sergio (Perez), Valtteri (Bottas), Charles (Leclerc) and George (Russell) all contacted me.’ He continued: ‘They know how important the situation is, and they showed their support after I lost the opportunity to compete.’ Mazepin also announced the creation of a foundation called, We Compete As One, to support athletes ‘forbidden from competing, and collectively punished just because of the passports they hold.’ Mazepin was asked on three occasions whether he felt it was realistic he could continue in F1 given his father’s links to Putin. He replied: ‘There have been two stages in the decision of allowing Russian drivers to continue. Firstly an online vote held by the FIA where everyone had a say and they ruled drivers from Russia and Belarus could compete if they are neutral. ‘I was ready to agree with this and consider myself neutral. When they added an additional letter which I had to sign, I did not look at it because my contract had already been terminated. ‘It has been four days since I was sacked and I can say there is nobody out there to protect athletes who end up in this position and I want to be the first one to help.’ Mazepin was removed by Haas last Saturday, a fortnight before the opening round in Bahrain. ‘I do not want to be at a team that doesn’t want me,’ he said. ‘Formula One is a dangerous sport and you have to rely on the team you are working with. It is a question of safety, and it is fair to say I don’t have that trust in them. ‘It is good to keep all (legal) options open. There was no legal reason that could enable the team to terminate my contract. ‘I was very disappointed with the way it was handled. I was told if the FIA allowed me to compete on their rules, and I agreed to them, there would be no actions to remove me from the seat. ‘I have not heard from the team since it happened and I learnt about the firing of me the same time it was released to the press. I am a young man and I was not ready for it. I did not receive any hint, or any support, or be told that this is the decision we have taken. I learnt the same time as you did. ‘I lost my dream which I have been working towards for 18 years. I didn’t imagine the situation of losing my drive would happen so soon. But I absolutely do not see Formula One as a closed chapter. I am going to stay in race condition and I will be ready to take on an opportunity if it comes.’ MORE : Six F1 drivers who could replace Nikita Mazepin at Haas after Russian’s sacking MORE : Nikita Mazepin, son of Russian oligarch with close ties to Vladimir Putin, allowed to compete in this season’s F1 For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 