So you’ve got a brand-new baby, and you’re getting to grips with this tiny person for the very first time. During this exciting, scary, and love-filled time, you’re also getting to know your baby now that they’re fully in the world. As such, there are parents out there, like Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott, who find the name they had picked out for their little bundle of joy actually just… doesn’t suit their vibe. The couple welcomed their second child – formerly known as Wolf – on February 2, just one day after celebrating their daughter Stormi’s first birthday. Then they announced on Instagram that they had decided to change their son’s name – but haven’t revealed if they have settled on a new one. If you feel the same about your baby’s name, first of all, don’t stress it – this type of thing might not actually be that rare. ‘”Baby name regret” actually appears to be more common than we might think,’ chartered clinical psychologist Dr Georgie Taylor tells us. ‘For example, a survey by BabyCentre found that one-in-eleven parents regret their choice and, like Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott, a key reason cited is the baby “not suiting it”. ‘Through his work, psychologist Barry Schwartz indicated that too many choices – like the abundance of baby names on offer – makes decision-making harder and is associated with a tendency to be less satisfied with our actual decision.’ But could changing their name possibly have a negative impact on the baby? ‘Based on child development literature, the short answer is, no,’ Dr Georgie says. ‘Research indicates that babies start to recognise their name at approximately five-months-old and most do by nine-months. ‘Prior to that, they will recognise their caregivers and siblings’ voices, will respond to music, loud noises, and changes in tone, but it takes time for their brains to organise individual words from the stream of sounds around them.’ You can also change their name after the baby starts being able to recognise the sound. Dr Georgie even has a trick for getting your little one to catch on, explaining: ‘A well-known psychological concept called associative learning (Pavlov, 1897), indicates that two unrelated stimuli-like names can be linked together to produce a new learned response,’ explains Dr Gerogie. ‘In real terms, this suggests that if you pair the new baby name (e.g., Amelia) with the original one (e.g., Olivia-Amelia), the baby will start to associate them (i.e., ‘my name’) and you can then phase out the original one. ‘So, if you regret your baby’s name, all is not lost, you have time to change it’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Mum has ‘miracle baby’ after ectopic pregnancy scare and surgery to remove embryo MORE : Kylie Jenner fans convinced they’ve worked out son Wolf’s new name – and they reckon it’s a sweet tribute to Travis Scott MORE : Kylie Jenner shares emotional video documenting pregnancy journey with son Wolf – and Stormi steals the show