Volunteer soldiers are getting ready to fight Vladimir Putin’s forces as a huge convoy stalled outside Kyiv for the past week is on the move again. Fighters from the territorial defence forces of Ukraine have been training in underground garages, as the capital continues to face heavy shelling. Russia hasn’t advanced as quickly through the country as fast as many expected, with one of its main attack forces stalled on a highway north of Kyiv since the invasion began. A 40 mile long convoy headed to the capital reportedly made sluggish progress amid fuel and food shortages, while Ukrainians hit back with anti-tank missiles. Western countries believe this was a sign Russia had failed its initial plan for a lighting assault on Kyiv and a swift victory. But now that convoy is moving again, fanning out into nearby forests and towns, as shown by new satellite images. Howitzers were towed into positions to open fire, and armoured units were seen in towns near the the Antonov Airport north of the city, according to Maxar Technologies, the company that produced the images. The exact intentions behind the new moves was unclear, but it is likely Russia wants to eventually encircle the capital. Nick Reynolds, land warfare analyst at British defence think-tank the Royal United Services Institute, said the move ‘looks like a defensive measure’ to allow the convoy to better protect itself. It may also indicate that the vehicles are unable to surround the city quickly in the face of fierce opposition. ‘Therefore, by dispersing, they can better protect themselves in the areas where they do hold ground,’ Reynolds said. Russia seemed to be stalled near Kyiv and Kharkiv but making progress in other areas, and the Ukrainian military has ‘taken a battering’ while its enemy increases bombardments and regroups its ground forces. ‘It’s ugly already but it’s going to get worse,’ Reynolds added. Ukraine says its territorial defence force of civilian volunteers has grown tenfold in the past two weeks and now has as many as 100,000 members – both men and women. On top of that, around 20,000 foreigners from 52 countries have also volunteered to defend the country against Putin’s forces – although it is unclear how many have arrived so far. Late last month Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy made a rallying call for people to come and join the newly former International Brigade. UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has backed the idea of British nationals joining the fight against Putin’s forces. But Conservative colleagues warned this was reckless and that such actions could potentially be illegal. Her comments appeared to contradict guidance on her own department’s website saying those who travel to eastern Ukraine to ‘fight, or assist others engaged in the conflict’ could be prosecuted upon their return. The British Army has also confirmed that a number of its soldiers have gone AWOL and may have travelled to Ukraine to fight in a personal capacity. Earlier Defence Secretary Ben Wallace told the Commons: ‘They will be breaking the law and they will be prosecuted when they return for going absent without leave or deserting. ‘For others, as the government travel advice is don’t go to Ukraine, we strongly discourage them from joining these forces.’ Moscow also indicated it plans to bring fighters from Syria into the conflict, with Putin approving the bringing in of ‘volunteer’ soldiers. The Russian president also told his defence minister to help them ‘move to the combat zone’. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov confirmed the volunteers include fighters from Syria. Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said Russia knew of ‘more than 16,000 applications’ from Middle East countries. Many of them are from people he said had helped Russia against the Islamic State group, according to officials. Since 2015, Russian forces have backed Syrian President Bashar Assad against various groups opposed to his rule, including Islamic State. Opposition activists in Syria have also reported Russian recruitment efforts for the Ukraine war. But they estimate the number of volunteers so far is in the hundreds or a few thousand. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.