Four generations of one family whose home city has been destroyed by Putin have moved into a house in the UK countryside. The Ukrainian family-of-10 fled to Britain and have found themselves being housed by businessman Mick Swinhoe, 52. He bought a house in Cladecote, near Cambridge, as a bit of a project just before the war broke out. But now, he has changed his plans and is using it for ‘something more useful until I do something else with it.’ The Starkov family, ranging in age from 10 to 90, are in the UK under the Ukraine Family Scheme and are being helped by relative Roman Starkov, 38, a British citizen. He has lived in the UK for 20 years after studying here. The software developer helped his family through the visa process which he described as ‘pretty involved’. ‘You have to fill out arcane forms, and for such a big group there’s a lot of repetition, but once that was sorted we went to a visa application centre, they processed us very quickly, that was in Albania,’ he said. He said his 90-year-old grandmother Ludmila Starkova does not have a valid international passport and had wanted to stay in Ukraine. ‘On every border that was a challenge,’ he said. ‘Fortunately every single border they figured something out and allowed her to pass.’ Eight of the family members took a flight from Albania to London Luton Airport, with Mr Starkov’s sister Valeriia Starkova, 37, and father Mykola Starkov, 59, travelling by car and ferry, arriving four days later. This was so they could bring more of their belongings and their two dogs, Yorkshire terrier Mikki and mini Maltese Florie, both aged two. Mr Starkov said he has ‘mixed emotions’ now his family have safely fled Ukraine. ‘Yes they are safe, that’s amazing,’ he said. ‘They’ve still lost everything. ‘There’s still hope that maybe they can go back and maybe what they left behind will still be there. Maybe not. ‘And there’s a lot of uncertainty about their future here. Will they fit in, will they find a place, will they feel comfortable? I don’t know.’ Ms Starkova said that when the war broke out in Kharkiv ‘it was 5am, we packed a few suitcases and I went to my mum’s home and we stayed there for five days as it was so scary to go outside’. ‘We were in the basement,’ she said. ‘We couldn’t go outside. ‘We stayed five days in the basement without going anywhere. ‘Then we decided that we had to leave as we couldn’t sleep, it was so scary. We just put our bags in the cars and went. ‘We were so afraid someone would shoot our car or something like that. Recently friends of my friends were shot like that. ‘It was so scary but we managed to go through the borders and when we passed several cities we felt relieved as we couldn’t hear those bombs and those scary noises. The first night we slept it was so quiet.’ She said her journey to the UK took 20 days and they were ‘exhausted’. She added it was ‘such a relief’ to arrive at the house Mr Swinhoe is letting them stay in. ‘I can feel maybe I have a home again because I feel that I lost everything that I had,’ she said. ‘My kids (Alikhan, 10, and Kamila, 11) lost everything. ‘I did so much, my family, for us to live there, to earn money, nice place to live, work for kids. We lost in one day everything. ‘I had really nice job that I love, nail technician, but I really love my job. I feel that I need to start again from zero.’ Asked about those who are helping the family, she said: ‘I feel that they’re saving our lives, otherwise I don’t know where we would stay because it’s quite expensive, and OK, we could for couple of weeks, but we need to live every day and we need to find a job first. ‘I’m so grateful for everyone who supports us and can give us some place to live. I really appreciate it.’ The family were reunited at the home in Cambridgeshire on Tuesday, after they separated to travel from Albania to the UK. They were shown around the home then spent Tuesday night in a hotel while the property is furnished. Mr Swinhoe said his two daughters, aged 11 and 15, are ‘really delighted’ there are three children among the Ukrainian family of 10, and he said they will be able to help integrate them into school. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.