The aim of the Individual Savings Accounts when they were launched in 1999 was to encourage people to save or invest through a tax-free account. But did you know that there are ways that your Isa could benefit more than just yourself? While you’re saving or investing for your future — whether that be to buy a house, take the holiday of a lifetime, or just for a rainy day — you can also be making a positive difference to people and the planet. You see, the money that you save through an Isa isn’t locked away in a bank vault. For a cash ISA, your bank or building society will add it to the pot of money that they lend out to businesses, organisations or individuals who want a loan. With an investment ISA, the money is invested in the stock market (stocks and shares ISA) or directly in an organisation (the more high-risk Innovative Finance ISA). And this is where the impact lies. As you grow your savings pot, behind the scenes your money could be supporting a large company listed on the stock exchange that is making greener and more efficient public transport, or it could be lent to a homeowner looking to improve the energy efficiency of their home. You have an element of control over what your money is used for, as you can pick from the hundreds of providers offering ISAs. But how do you get started on finding a sustainable option, and how do you cut through the so-called ‘greenwash’? Here are some questions to consider. Mapping out your short and long-term goals is a great place to start. Once these are clear, it’s easier to grasp what you want your Isa to do. For example, if you might need to access money quickly in the next couple of years, you might want to focus on cash Isas. If you’ve got some money that you’re happy to put away for five years or more, an investment ISA could give you a better chance of making returns above the rate of inflation. It’s important to remember that with all investing your capital is at risk and the value of an investment may go down as well as up. Interest rates or rates of investment return are important, but they aren’t the sole factor to consider when choosing an ethical ISA. In fact, in a recent survey, we found that as many as six in ten people who had started investing in the last 12 months would be happy to settle for lower returns to invest in industries they really believe in. Once you’ve decided which type of ISA is right for you (and do contact an Independent Financial Adviser if you’re unsure), it’s time to start thinking about your values. This might be linked to how you live your everyday life, the job you do, or the future world that you want for your family. For example, if you’re a doctor or nurse working to support cancer patients, you might want to avoid investments in tobacco. Many of us want to support a faster transition to clean energy. More recently, you may have been considering whether your savings and investments are supporting Russia and the Putin regime. Last year we asked 2,000 people how they would feel if their money was invested in certain sectors. Healthcare and sustainable energy came out as the sectors most people would like to support; tobacco and gambling were the areas that most people wanted to avoid. Ethical means something different to all of us, so it’s worth spending some time to consider what it looks like for you personally. If you already have an ISA, the first step is to find out whether your current provider matches with your values. Take a look on their website, to see if you can find their lending or investment policy. Sometimes this can be a bit hard to find, as some financial providers aren’t very transparent, so check third-party organisations such as Ethical Consumer, who do the hard work for you. Ethical Consumer is a research and campaign organisation based in Manchester, which publishes information on the social, ethical and environmental behaviour of companies. The team have produced guides on cash Isas, stocks and shares Isas and innovative finance ISAs — so you can see where your current provider ranks. Importantly they also look at the bigger picture behind financial providers, their ownership and behaviour. Looking out for B Corporation-certified financial providers is also a good place to start. In the case of investment ISAs, the past year has seen a new generation of purpose-led investors coming to financial providers with a greater expectation of sustainable and impact investing. It is not unreasonable to ask any fund manager now to conduct in-depth research into each company in a fund to make sure every single investment aligns with your values and personal ESG (environmental, social and governance) criteria. You could be part of a generational shift, which has the potential to disrupt the investment management industry. Our recent polling found that 83% of people with investments would expect or want to see their fund manager upskilling in sustainability and environmental issues. The research demonstrates that the majority of investors are looking for this active stewardship from their investment managers. If you already have an ISA and want to switch it to a more sustainable provider, it’s important to do it in the correct way so that you retain the tax benefits. Most will ask you to open an account and then complete a transfer form to move your money across. It’s also a great idea to let your existing bank or investment provider know why you’re leaving — so consider writing them an email or letter. Only by showing that there is growing customer demand for more sustainable finance will we be able to encourage all banks and financial providers on their sustainability journey. Bevis Watts is CEO of Triodos Bank UK. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to pick the right ISA for you, without stress and confusion MORE : Why it might be time to ditch cash ISAs