Tens of thousands of people have backed a campaign to force Vladimir Putin’s reported lover out of her luxury villa in Switzerland. A petition has been launched for the Swiss to deport former gymnast Alina Kabaeva, 38, describing her as an ‘accomplice of his regime’. The organisers describe themselves as a group of anti-Kremlin Russians, Belarusians and Ukrainians and have gained more than 59,000 signatures. Kabaeva, who received Russia’s highest state decoration from the president after winning an Olympic gold medal in 2004, is thought to have had four children with the 69-year-old. As a Russian MP from 2007 to 2014, she backed laws banning the adoption of Russian orphans in the US, said to have contributed to the deaths of a number of children who needed complex medical care. She also voted for so-called ‘gay propaganda laws’ effectively banning public discussion or displays of LGBT relationships that could be seen by children. Her current job as chair of the board of directors at National Media Group, a Kremlin-backing TV and newspaper giant, reportedly earns her £8 million a year. Kabaeva left Russia when the Ukraine invasion began and has been staying in a ‘luxury and very private’ chalet in a remote part of Switzerland, according to various reports. The traditionally neutral country, a favourite bolt-hole of the Russian elite, unexpectedly signed up to international sanctions against the Kremlin earlier this month. The change.org petition, launched by Russian, Belarusian and Ukrainian opponents of Putin reads: ‘Despite the current war, Switzerland continues to host an accomplice of Putin’s regime. ‘For the first time in modern history, your country has violated its neutrality, which it did not even do vis-à-vis Nazi Germany in the 20th century, and joined the sanctions against Putin and his surroundings. ‘And now you are allowing his favorite mistress and her children to hide within the borders of your state! ‘At times like this, filled with tremendous uncertainty, you must be severe with your actions and in regards to the beneficiaries of Putin’s regime!’ Kabaeva has not publicly commented on the war besides a statement criticising Olympic authorities for banning the Russian team from the Beijing paralympics. Putin, who divorced from his wife of 30 years in 2013, has previously said: ‘I have a private life in which I do not permit interference. It must be respected. I have always reacted negatively to those who with their snotty noses and erotic fantasies prowl into others’ lives.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.