Former education secretary Gavin Williamson will be knighted – despite a series of blunders during his work in government. The Queen has approved a knighthood for the ex-minister after schoolchildren faced exam results chaos over the last two years. It is understood the honour is being handed to him on the basis of his political and public service. Mr Williamson was given the chop when Boris Johnson rejigged his Cabinet in September. It came two years after Theresa May sacked him as defence secretary amid suggestions he was responsible for the Huawei leak. He denied these claims. News of his knighthood has been greeted with shock by opposition MPs in Westminster. Former shadow schools minister Wes Streeting claimed it was a ‘reward for failure’. Labour’s Yasmin Qureshi added: ‘Gavin Williamson getting a knighthood. Presumably it’s for services to failure in managing two sets of exam results?’ Meanwhile, Liberal Democrat MP Layla Moran said: ‘One does have to wonder…does Williamson know where all the horcuxes are hidden? ‘I can’t think of any other reason why he has been honoured for doing such an abominable job.’ Thousands of young people were left with downgraded results in 2020 as exams were cancelled and a controversial algorithm determined many grades. Mr Williamson insisted the system had worked and said there would be no U-turn – but, following protests, agreed to allow teachers’ predicted grades to inform results. The next summer, he was forced to defend results against claims of ‘grade inflation’. He also came under fire for insisting reopening schools was safe amid a Covid surge in January 2021, but then closing them after one day. A gathering held in the education department under his watch during Covid restrictions was investigated by senior civil servant Sue Gray, but was ultimately not part of a Met police inquiry. The Tory politician reportedly gave a short speech at the event on December 10 2020, while London was under Tier 2 measures banning social mixing between households. Before he was sacked for the second time, he was criticised for claiming he had met black football star Marcus Rashford when it was really rugby player Maro Itoje. When asked why the knighthood was being announced now and not part of an honours list, Number 10 said it was a political appointment by the Conservative Party. A statement from Downing Street today read: ‘The Queen has been pleased to approve that the honour of Knighthood be conferred upon The Rt Hon Gavin Williamson CBE MP.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.