Rob Rinder has impressed Good Morning Britain viewers so much while presenting alongside Susanna Reid that several are hoping he could replace Piers Morgan permanently. Ever since Piers quit the ITV programme in March 2021, a number of male hosts have temporarily taken his place, including Adil Ray, Richard Bacon and Richard Madeley. Barrister and TV personality Rob has also been among them, with his most recent stint being on Wednesday morning, when he received heaps of praise over his eloquent discussion on Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. During his appearance on the show, one person tweeted that if GMB was on the lookout for a male presenter to host with Susanna on a permanent basis, then in their opinion, the Judge Rinder star was their ‘best’ option. ‘.@GMB great to see Rob Rinder on the show. You need to have him on more often. Permanently would work!’ one person wrote. ‘Rob Rinder I certainly agree GMB should make you a permanent presenter, like Susanna full of compassion and excellent questions, you let the person you interview respond and don’t interrupt them halfway through,’ another remarked. ‘@GMB Rob Rinder would be a fantastic host to replace Piers Morgan permanently,’ someone else wrote, while another said: ‘Rob Rinder is being amazing on ITV re Ukraine – intelligent and intuitive broadcasting!’ Some viewers commented on how Rob’s background as a barrister ‘showed’ in his line of questioning on GMB, as they watched him and Susanna speak to Secretary of State for Defence Ben Wallace about the Russia-Ukraine conflict. ‘Let’s have Rob Rinder on GMB every morning. He and Susanna make a great team,’ someone stated. Another described Rob as ‘learned’, commending him on his ‘gentle empathy’. Prior to his stint on GMB, Rob appeared on Celebrity Gogglebox with Susanna, with whom he is a close friend. In January this year, he responded to a troll who said they were ‘sick’ of seeing him on GMB because of their friendship, as they wrote: ‘Sick of @RobbieRinder being on @GMB just because he is friends with @susannareid100 just the same thing again and again on this program #GMB.’ Staying calm and collected, he replied by writing: ‘Hey “love and kindness influencer”. I’m on this morning to talk about my documentary the Holocaust, my family and me BBC4 9pm. I do hope you watch it.’ Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rob Rinder criticises audience who ‘clapped’ and ‘cheered’ over Jimmy Carr’s ‘breathtakingly racist’ Holocaust joke MORE : Is Judge Rinder a real judge? 