‘Mummy can I tell you something? I don’t want to get into trouble’ My heart began to race at a hundred miles an hour after my daughter said this to me, while stood next to her older sister. The girls, aged four and seven at the time, looked very serious. Trying to calm my nerves as thoughts raced through my head, I said to them: ‘Yes of course, please tell me what it is.’ Then they dropped the bombshell – my youngest daughter had been smacked by the father of one of their friends. This happened a few years ago, but when I read the story of Billie Faiers’ three-year-old son being smacked by a stranger on a flight, the rage boiled up inside me again.I had no idea what would unfold when I had organised the playdate for my daughters with another mother from their school while I was having cancer treatment. The mother and I were friends, and we had arranged numerous playdates in the past officially so the kids could enjoy themselves, but mostly, I admit, so we could have a cup of tea and a chin wag. So, when my friend kindly said she would be delighted to have both my daughters for a couple of hours while I went to hospital, I jumped at the chance, knowing they would be happy spending time with their chums and not worrying too much about Mummy. As I dropped my girls off and told them I loved them and to have a great time, I felt reassured that they were in safe hands, not knowing quite how wrong I was. When they were unusually quiet after I picked them up, I put their silence down to just being tired.I asked them if they had had a nice time, and was a little surprised when they said: ‘Yes, Mummy, but their Daddy is a horrible man, he is very angry.’ Assuming this was down to the father’s health – as I knew he had been in and out of hospital for a serious illness as I had been – I told my girls to ignore the grumpy man as he was poorly. They replied: ‘But Mummy, you’re poorly, and you are not horrible.’ Still, I didn’t feel comfortable after they mentioned the dad’s apparent anger problem, so I never arranged a playdate again unless I was there. A couple of months later, my oldest daughter said she missed her friend, so I asked whether she wanted me to arrange for her friend to come and play at our house That was when my youngest finally revealed the truth that the angry man had smacked her. Complete shock washed over me – ‘What do you mean he smacked you? Where? When?’I couldn’t process what was going on – an instinctive panic rose inside me as I tried to process what was going on.As someone who is entirely against smacking, in any circumstances, and the thought of a grown man putting his hands on and scaring my baby, I just broke down in tears! That sadness quickly gave way to furious anger. How dare he do that to my child? He had no right! Like Billie Faiers, I saw red.I sat patiently listening to my daughter in detail, and there was no way in a million years that any child could have made that story up. She had innocently gone into the kitchen after playing in the treehouse and helped herself to a pink fairy cake that was sitting out. Next thing she knew, her friend’s father grabbed the fairy cake aggressively out of her hand, put it back on the plate, grabbed her arm, and then smacked her on the hand and shouted, ‘you are not allowed in this house!’ My eldest daughter had witnessed this incident unfold, and with both children terrified and unsure what to do, they had no choice but to go back and hide in the treehouse. One of the worst things about this whole ordeal, was that when I asked my daughter if she cried, she told me that she was too scared to cry in front of this violent, angry man in case he smacked her again.At just four years old, my daughter was forced to hide in a Mickey Mouse box in the garden to avoid this man. To say this broke my heart was an understatement but I knew that I had to remain as calm and supportive as I could in front of my children. I emailed the parents of this child, expressing my disgust and concern, but they just denied it and said they have never smacked any children. This was a lie, as my daughters had seen these parents smack their own children on multiple occasions. I contacted the police, which was recorded on the file, but they didn’t deem there was enough evidence to launch an investigation and the case was closed. Nothing can change what happened to my daughter. I know I can’t go back in time and stop that man from doing what he did to her.It has left me worried about where I let them go in the future and which parents I can trust. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Billie Faiers recalls shocking moment stranger slapped her three-year-old son on a plane: ‘I kicked off’ MORE : Kids with Long Covid: ‘I long for the day I have my pre-Covid children back’ MORE : Children ‘hurt’ after being separated by hair colour to teach them about racism