Andy Robertson praised Arsenal stars Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka after Liverpool secured a crucial win at the Emirates to boost their Premier League title hopes. Second-half goals from Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino gave Liverpool, now just one point behind Premier League leaders Manchester City, a 2-0 win over top-four contenders Arsenal. Mikel Arteta’s side were on top for much of the first half and had a huge chance to take the lead after the break as Thiago Alcantara gave the ball away in a dangerous position, but goalkeeper Alisson denied Martin Odegaard from close-range. Jota put Liverpool ahead just three minutes later after beating Aaron Ramsdale at his near post, and substitute Firmino put the game to bed shortly after with a neat finish from Robertson’s cross. Robertson was pleased with Liverpool’s second-half performance and said the Reds did well to keep Arsenal at bay, particularly as Martinelli and Saka were dangerous throughout. The Scotland defender said: ‘We played a bit better in the second half. We started the game really well and had a few chances but then they had the better of the first half. ‘We knew we could play better and could find the half-spaces a bit better. It worked. We were a lot more dominant in the second half and was more clinical. ‘Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka are really hard work. I think Trent Alexander-Arnold was outstanding. It was a really tough game. ‘It was great to have a clean sheet and I’m really happy for Bobby [Roberto Firmino] getting his goal.’ On the title race, Robertson added: ‘I don’t like games in hand much, I would rather points. I would still rather be in Man City’s position. ‘They are a point ahead. They are a fantastic team, one of the best in the world. Then it’s a sprint to the finish line. ‘We’re in the race so we need to focus on what we’re doing. We still have to go to their place. ‘We have another huge game on Sunday – a chance to get to Wembley. But if we keep winning games we’ll be there or thereabouts at the moment.’ Manchester City were 14 points clear of their nearest Premier League rival in mid-January but Pep Guardiola’s side have been pegged back by Liverpool and dropped two points at Crystal Palace on Monday night. Reds midfielder Thiago said: ‘We were wishing Manchester City dropped points and they did. The gap now is one point but we are just looking forward to the Nottingham Forest game and nothing else. ‘We just try to win each game we have. We have to analyse this game to go through the things we did wrong and right then looking forward. That is the key – to stay humble and hungry.’ While Liverpool continued their Premier League title bid, Arsenal failed to extend their advantage in the top-four race, although they are still one point above fifth-placed Manchester United with two games in hand. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 