A teacher at a top grammar school has been suspended for allegedly using a mug depicting the Prophet Muhammad in front of pupils. The member of staff, is said to have been seen with the item in the playground at Colchester Royal Grammar School in Essex. They have also been photographed with the item, which reportedly shows a picture from the satirical web cartoon series titled Jesus and Mo. In speech bubbles, a figure resembling Jesus with a crown of thorns says ‘Hey’. Another figure of a bearded man wearing a turban replies: ‘How ya doin?’ The school said it was aware of a photograph online ‘of an individual appearing to use a cup that has an offensive image on it’, adding that ‘robust action’ will be taken if necessary. A spokesperson added: ‘The staff member concerned is currently away from the school.’ On the cartoon’s website, ‘Mo’ is described as not Muhammad but a ‘body double’ as the real prophet ‘couldn’t make it’. However, the character repeatedly appears as a spokesperson for the Islamic faith in interactions with ‘Jesus’. The comic has repeatedly been the subject of controversies owing to the outrage it has caused to some Muslims who view depictions of the prophet as a form of blasphemy. In 2013, the London School of Economics apologised after a group of atheist students wearing Jesus and Mo T-shirts at the university’s freshers’ fair were ordered to cover them up or leave, prompting accusations of censorship. Former LBC presenter and Lib Dem politician Maajid Nawaz claimed he received death threats for tweeting a picture of one of the T-shirts after producers on BBC’s The Big Questions stopped participants from being shown wearing them. Appearing anonymously on BBC’s Newsnight, the cartoon’s creator said he was ‘bewildered’ by the threats. He added: ‘The Muslim community is sorting itself out between your moderate, liberal, average everyday Muslim who couldn’t care less about a cartoon and just wants to get on with his life and the self-serving rabble-rousers who are just trying to promote themselves.’ Concerns were raised last year over the safeguarding of girls at Colchester Royal Grammar, which is same-sex until sixth form. An Ofsted report found the school was failling to ensure boys understood ‘how to interact appropriately’ with girls, who were subjected to ‘inappropriate remarks’, creating a ‘hostile environment’ for some pupils. Former pupil Scarlett Mansfield later accused the school of fostering a ‘toxic and ubiquitous rape culture’. A the time, headmaster John Russell wrote that he was ‘shocked and saddened’ by reports of ‘wholly unacceptable behaviours and attitudes’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.