Fans are swooning over the new trailer released for Bridgerton season 2, set to be one of the TV highlights of 2022, with a certain reference to one Mr Darcy leaving them giddy. The Netflix period drama smashed records with season one when it was originally released at Christmas 2020, with over 110million views across just a few weeks. While fans can’t wait for the new episodes to drop, the trailer has left just the right amount for our imaginations, as fans were struck by a particular scene with Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey). The scene entails Anthony walking through the gardens with Edwina (Charithra Chandran) and Kate (Simone Ashley) when he trips over Edwina’s dog and falls into a lake. As he emerges dripping wet, Kate turns to Edwina and chides: ‘Come, it is not proper to stare’… although neither girl can turn their eyes away. We get the feeling. Anthony strolls back to them in his soaked-through white shirt, which any period drama fan will recognise as a reference to the iconic Pride and Prejudice scene in which Mr Darcy (Colin Firth) emerges from the lake in his white shirt. In another parallel scene, Kate and Anthony hold hands in just the same way that Mr Darcy and Elizabeth Bennet once did in the 1995 BBC adaptation, starring Firth and Jennifer Ehle. This season, all eyes will be on the flirting between Anthony and Edwina, but first he must win over her feisty sister Kate. If only it was that simple. One person we’ll all be missing is Regé-Jean Page – one of the breakout stars of season one – as his character Simon Basset is not featured in season two, after his departure from the show was confirmed in April 2021. ‘While all eyes turn to Lord Anthony Bridgerton’s quest to find a Viscountess, we bid adieu to Regé-Jean Page, who so triumphantly played the Duke of Hastings,’ Netflix said as they confirmed the news. ‘We’ll miss Simon’s presence on-screen, but he will always be a part of the Bridgerton family.’ Bridgerton season two will be on Netflix from March 25. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bridgerton: Release date, cast, trailer and everything we know about season 2 MORE : Bridgerton’s Jonathan Bailey reveals pressure to suppress sexuality in Hollywood: ‘I’d much prefer to hold my boyfriend’s hand in public’ 