Romeo Beckham and girlfriend Mia Regan were the picture-perfect couple as they shot photographs of each other on a romantic getaway to Paris. The loved-up pair jetted off to the French capital this week for Victoria Beckham‘s Fashion Week show and made the most of the gorgeous surroundings as they held a makeshift show of their own. In ridiculously sweet snaps, Mia, 19, can be seen photographing her footballer boyfriend, also 19, on the streets before the pair carefully inspect the results. Romeo put on a casual display in a matching baggy grey tracksuit, with luminous blue-and-green trainers and a buzzcut not unlike one his famous father David Beckham often wears. Model Mia, meanwhile, put together a mix-and-match ensemble that fashion designer Victoria would be proud of, with flared blue jeans, a high-neck maroon jacket and khaki coat, complete with 1950s-style white sunglasses. In a series of photos, Romeo can be seen posing on Avenue Montaigne, his hands in his pockets as he strolls casually towards Mia, who is holding the camera. Returning the favour, Romeo then snaps his girlfriend, posing with her hand on her hip and wearing a bright orange face mask, outside the Celine fashion store on the same street. The couple then peer over the shots on the professional digital camera, with one particularly sweet picture showing them in peals of laughter together. Romeo can also be seen watching carefully as Mia prepares a shot of the street, holding the camera up to her face and closing one eye in concentration. At one point they notice the paparazzi, and a smiling Mia holds up her own camera and takes a photo of them back. As well as their own Fashion Week couple’s photoshoot, Mia and Romeo were seen exploring the streets of Paris near their hotel, with Mia seen checking her phone and Romeo sorting through documents. The pair also did a spot of shopping in the capital city, at one point being seen buying a new camera for keepsakes of their romantic trip. Romeo was also pictured with his designer mum at the Fashion Week event itself this week, before a front-row appearance at the Womenswear Fall/Winter 2022 show. Mia, too, was present at the bi-annual fashion preview, rocking a leather jacket and black jean combo as she fit right in at the star-studded event. As well as accompanying mum Victoria to the prestigious Fashion Week, Romeo has recently been proving he’s proud to follow in his father’s footsteps in more ways than one. Having already taken up a career in football, the teenager recently went under the needle to get a tattoo heavily inspired by his dad – a winged cross on the back of his neck. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Romeo Beckham, 19, towers over mum Victoria as teenager gets to grips with fashion world at Saint-Laurent show in Paris MORE : Eight-minute-long ‘sandwich’ episode of Brooklyn Beckham’s cooking show ‘cost $100,000 and had crew of 62’ 