Julian Assange’s new wife fought back tears on her wedding day as she named their situation ‘inhuman’. The WikiLeaks founder, 50, wed Stella Moris in front of four guests and two witnesses at Belmarsh high security prison on Wednesday – weeks before the third anniversary of his dramatic arrest at the Ecuadorian embassy. In an emotional speech to crowds of supporters, Mrs Moris said she was happy to have married ‘the most amazing person in the world’. But she said she also felt sad as her husband remains confined – with the threat of extradition to the United States hanging over his head. ‘I am very happy but I wish Julian was here with me. What we are going through is cruel and inhuman’, she said. ‘The love we have for each other will get us through this situation and any other situation that will come.’ Mr Assange is being held under charges concerning the alleged leaking of national security information relating to the Afghanistan and Iraq wars. He has always denied wrongdoing. Photographs inside the east London prison were banned today, but Mrs Moris was pictured outside wearing a floor-length corseted lilac dress designed by Dame Vivienne Westwood. It came with an elaborate veil embroidered with messages from friends and a note from Dame Vivienne herself sewn into the coat. The English fashion designer is a big supporter of Mr Assange, who she has named a ‘pure soul and a freedom fighter’. The Australian activist was reported to be wearing a waistcoat jacket and kilt made by her, while the couple’s two young sons sported matching kilts today. His two brothers and father John Shipton were allowed inside the prison for the service. Craig Murray, 63, a ‘whistleblower’ and close friend, described the wedding as a ‘moment of hope and love in terrible circumstances’. Mr Murray added that he is still hopeful for the eventual release of Mr Assange, whose last appeal against the High Court’s decision in December 2021 to extradite him to the United States has been rejected. One supporter who travelled from Bedford to attend confessed the day was ‘bittersweet’. Val, 73, who has campaigned for Mr Assange’s release for 12 years, said: ‘This wedding should be in Westminster with thousands of people there, and they should be able to live together as husband and wife. ‘It’s bittersweet. It’s good that they’ve been able to get married and show their love to the world.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.