Lottie Moss has been keeping busy on OnlyFans following her stint in rehab, recently sharing a livestream of herself smoking marijuana and stripping topless on the platform. The model and sister of Kate Moss left rehab two weeks ago, after checking in for a ‘really bad addiction to coke’. The star has since shared the hour-long video to her OnlyFans, which showed her smoking marijuana and flashing her breasts at one point, as per MailOnline. She captioned the clip: ‘If you missed my live not to worry! here it is an hour of me smoking some, showing one of my favorite toys, and showing my t*tties lets get high and horny while you watch! [sic]’. ‘I’ve been asking what people want to see and a lot of you said smoking,’ she said in the video. ‘Who else smokes on here? Light one up for me!’ The 24-year-old reportedly added: ‘I want to smoke more but I’m already so f***ing high. It only takes like four puffs to get me stoned. ‘I was away for like a month in rehab for separate issues – like mental health stuff – I like being open about that stuff, I think it’s so important. ‘But yeah I was away and I couldn’t smoke weed in there because you cant take drugs, but I’m happy that I can now, because it just really helps me with relaxing and stress – I have a lot of anxiety… ‘I’m so high right now. My tolerance with weed went straight down when I went to rehab but I’m so much better. I was very depressed and very unhappy but I’m so much happier now. I’m feeling better about life.’ Last month, Lottie shared the news that she would be checking into rehab with her TikTok followers. In a video shared on the social media platform, she uploaded a clip of herself with the words: ‘When people ask why I’m in rehab’ written across the screen, as she mouthed the words: ‘I have a really bad addiction to coke’ to someone else’s voice. The fashion model, who is also on OnlyFans, captioned the video: ‘Savage but true x,’ claiming that she hasn’t taken the Class A drug in 18 days. Following the news that Lottie had checked into rehab, her father, Peter Moss, told The Sun that she was doing ‘just fine’. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Lottie Moss for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kate Moss’ sister Lottie Moss reveals she checked into rehab over ‘really bad’ cocaine addiction MORE : Kate Moss’ sister Lottie weeps after ‘evil’ pal leaked phone number and OnlyFans pics online 