Dramatic footage shows how a group of journalists had to flee from Russian attacks while they were trying to cross a civilian bridge in Ukraine. Sky News special correspondent Alex Crawford, 59, and her team were trying to cross the Desna River, near Ukraine’s capital, Kyiv. Despite the bridge being one of the last crossing points for civilians, the Russian military has started attacking it. Ms Crawford and her team can be seen stopping the van to get down and take cover as a voice can be heard shouting: ‘Get down!’ while loud explosions sound in the background. As the blasts start to wane, Ms Crawford looks back at the camera and tries to continue giving her news report. But she is interrupted by the disturbing screams of a civilian warning everyone about another round of incoming fire. So the crew get back into the van and eventually make it through. It comes after Sky News chief correspondent Stuart Ramsay and camera operator Richie Mocklerwas were shot and wounded while reporting in Ukraine. The crew were heading into the capital when a small explosion went off underneath their car. Then Russian soldiers started firing on them. Footage shows them shouting ‘we’re just journalists’ but this does not seem to sway the shooters. At the time, Mr Ramsay explained why he thought the hit was planned and professional. He wrote: ‘The first round cracked the windscreen. Camera operator Richie Mockler huddled into the front passenger footwell. Then we were under full attack. ‘Bullets cascaded through the whole of the car, tracers, bullet flashes, windscreen glass, plastic seats, the steering wheel, and dashboard had disintegrated. ‘We didn’t know it at the time, but we were later told by the Ukrainians that we were being ambushed by a saboteur Russian reconnaissance squad. It was professional, the rounds kept smashing into the car – they didn’t miss.’ The reporters eventually made it to a factory unit where they took cover until Ukrainian police rescued them later. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.