For this week’s How I Do It, in which a new person each week gives us a sneak peek at their sex life, we hear from Sascha, who works as a cam girl for Off The Record. Sascha is 29, bisexual, and she’s in a relationship. She describes her personal connection with sex as ‘intimate and empowered’. She also says she’s more confident than ever before with voicing her preferences in the bedroom, and she’s usually the initiator. Without further ado, here’s how she’s been getting on this week… Warning: As you’d expect, this week’s diary features some explicit details about sex, so it’s definitely NSFW. I woke up today after having some exciting dreams – I can feel that I’m twitchy and wet. Half-asleep, I reach for my vibrator and press it against myself. I lay there with my eyes closed until I can’t take it anymore and my legs twitch as I climax. Afterwards, I get up, have a bath, and get ready for a day of entertaining on webcam with Off The Record, the cam girl agency who support me – we’re like a family and I wouldn’t have it any other way. I never thought I’d be able to make a living through camming, and now I honestly can’t imagine doing anything else. Throughout the day, I pleasure myself online for my viewers, who I absolutely love, and come evening, I am fully satisfied. My career makes me feel empowered; it encourages me to explore my sexuality, including my likes, dislikes, and fetishes I’ve never heard of, meaning I’m more in touch with my body and emotions than I ever have been. I love sex, love my body, and respect my right to do anything that I please with it. Today I woke up late, so I rushed around getting ready to webcam. I sat wondering what type of day it would be and what kind of conversations I would have; with my job, the possibilities really are endless and no two days are the same. I am also more than happy to go along with the desires and fantasies of my viewers as that builds a strong connection between us. As a result, I often find myself doing new things and that’s always exciting. Typically, my viewers like it when I get on all fours, showing off my bum and curvy shape. I also do a lot of blowjob shows and spit play today. Today I woke up, had a bath, did my makeup, and chose my lingerie ready for webcam. I find myself needing some ‘me time’ before I log in, so I make sure that’s a priority. The ‘show’ I put on for a client and the way I treat myself in my own time are completely different; camming is a porn-like performance. When I’m pleasuring myself, I like to close my eyes and feel my body. I feel the waves of pleasure as they rush through me and only really focus on clitoral stimulation. Today lots of my clients wanted me to dress up; I was a naughty nurse and secretary which was fun. Then, someone asked for yoga leggings. Whatever floats your boat! I took today off work and started the morning with a long, intense orgasm and nice hot bath. I then went out to get my nails done, had a sunbed session, and generally invested in some self-care. Sex is important, of course, but it’s equally important that you take some time to relax and focus on your mental health. Friday is always a good day on cam. I like to get ready and online nice and early, pulling out all the stops with make-up and lingerie. I love it when I feel sexy and confident, and so do my clients, so I do everything that I can to fuel my confidence. By the end of the day, I’m exhausted. Weekend mornings are also a busy time for me, the weekend horn kicks in for my viewers and, to be honest, I feel that too. I get excited when I think about all the dirty conversations I’m going to have…. Today is a rest day; I’m taking time out for myself and enjoying some much-needed R&R. I watch lots of Netflix between self-pleasure because, well, sometimes you just need a day on the couch and five orgasms, right? Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How I Do It: ‘I have juvenile arthritis – this is what a week in my sex life looks like’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I left a sexless marriage and started to secretly write about my love life – this is my week in sex’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I love buying sex toys and sending nudes – this is my week in sex’