During a visit to my hometown in the south of England over Christmas, I caught up with some friends that I grew up with and thought to myself, ‘I should do this more often’. And then the guy who assaulted me walked into the pub to join us. It all came flooding back and I remembered why I usually stay away. This assault happened after a party four years ago, when a girlfriend and I crashed at our mates’ house. It seemed safer than travelling home – it should have been. This guy, who was also crashing, insisted on sharing the bed with my friend and I – jumping off the sofa he could have comfortably slept on – and forced himself in between us. It wasn’t long before I felt his hand on me; my body tightened and my stomach twisted. Without saying a word, I picked up his wrist and dropped it off my body. Then it happened again. And again. Every time I moved him off, his arm would soon be back, searching over my body. My non-verbal rejections were being ignored. Eventually I got out of bed. Soon, his wandering hands found my friend, so we both sought refuge in the rooms of our hosts. We told them we didn’t feel safe sleeping downstairs and he left before we awoke the next day. What made matters worse was a failed apology we randomly received two years later. News of our night had circulated throughout the group, and he decided to address it. A ‘sorry, I move in my sleep’ was all we got, which was made more insulting when we both realised that the exact same message was copied and pasted from one inbox to another – only the names were different. My response to this ‘apology’ was blunt, as I explained that he definitely was not asleep when he repeatedly tried to grope myself and my friend. I told him his message was insincere, especially given its repeated nature and that if he wanted to talk to me properly, I was here. I never heard back. This one guy isn’t an isolated incident from my upbringing though. I have experienced many injustices at the hands of men from my hometown, who still live there. It makes coming back a triggering minefield. One pub night is soon overrun with problematic characters – the guy I dated who showed his friends my intimate pictures or the one who has a reputation for groping girls at parties. The problem is that many of these realisations of harm happened in hindsight. Sometimes an incident is only told by survivors when they find the voice to tell it. Other times, it takes another person’s story to fully understand your own – voices of the many fitting together to reveal predatory patterns. Growing up, my friends and I separated our minds from our bodies and, for the most part, endured harassment. Now we look back with an understanding of consent, remembering these instances and realising that what was done to us wasn’t OK. It makes being in a social environment in my hometown very triggering. Whenever I have to make small talk with the one who groped us that night, my blood boils. Every moment of civility gives him the impression that his limp apology did the trick. I wish I could show how I really feel, but his constant presence at these events demonstrates that my pain isn’t welcome here. After his apology – where he ended up leaving me on read – it is clear that he has done all that he thinks is necessary to make amends. He has ticked the box and I am not about to use any more of my emotional labour to explain to him what he already clearly knows from the sheepish way he greets me. But we shouldn’t have to explain our hurt or give details of the things done to our friends in order to justify our anger. When I return home and am forced to spend my downtime interacting with abusers, I want to scream. If our male peers are our friends and allies, why aren’t they prioritising our safety? Most of the anger inside isn’t because of my peers, the ones that didn’t do those things, that don’t know the full stories or cannot understand the constant threat women experience. But I am angry at the breadth of detail I am expected to go into, the pain I have to draw out, for them to understand. They might not be the type of men who assault women, but they are privileged enough to be so removed from this situation to invite them along. At the pub, I’m told by a mutual friend that one of these guys has moved back to our hometown, that he feels bad and I should talk to him. I wanted to explain that if he really felt guilty, he would have tried to contact the women he forced himself on, but I held my tongue. I didn’t want to expose those that have confided in me. I was told to reach out to him, like it’s my job to open that dialogue. So I took myself off to the bathroom and was followed by one of the women who knows what he did. We comforted each other over the pain of our collective wounds. It is not our duty to absolve those that hurt us of their guilt. Last year, it was reported by UN Women UK that 97% of women aged between 18 and 24 in the UK have been sexually harassed. From this, it is clear that many more men are guilty of sexual violence than they might realise. This demonstrates that it is men’s job to teach each other about the nuances of consent, and to respect boundaries. They need to learn that ‘no’ comes in many non-verbal forms – it’s being too inebriated, it is physical avoidance, it is expressions of pain and discomfort. Men should choose to maintain the comfort levels of women over the social awkwardness of denying their mate an invite to the pub. And I wish my friends would consider who I felt comfortable around when visiting my hometown. From these encounters, it is clear to me that women are still ladened with the emotional burden of changing the acts of violence that are done to us. Because of the men that haven’t learnt our boundaries – and the friends that fail at the first hurdle of allyship – I am considering not returning home. This means giving up visiting family, my oldest friends and the town I called home for the first 18 years of my life. I am being forced to take myself out of the equation – as the victim of others – because my feelings aren’t being respected. But until the men I know hold themselves and each other accountable, I cannot be certain of my next visit. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing James.Besanvalle@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : It took me years to realise I was spiked and sexually assaulted MORE : Facebook’s Metaverse gives avatars ‘personal bubbles’ to block virtual groping and harrassment MORE : I had coffee with the man who sexually assaulted me – it’s what I needed to start healing