A pub owner was left devastated after customers racked up a £330 bill through tomahawk steaks, cocktails and vodka then left without paying. Two families pulled a ‘dine and dash’ at the White Horse Inn on Barnby Moor, in East Retford on Tuesday night. Its owner said four adults and their children arrived at the restaurant at around 7.30pm and ordered expensive items which added up to £330. He said they were ‘intimidating’ to staff at the Nottinghamshire pub and then disappeared at 9pm without paying, and leaving the area ‘like a bomb site’. The spokesperson added this could not have come at a worse time, as the business is still recovering from coronavirus lockdowns. ‘It is just ridiculous,’ he said. ‘One of them distracted the member of staff by standing at the bar out of sight of the door. ‘He was ordering another drink while the ladies in the group marched their children out, one under each arm, and bundled them into a couple of cars. ‘Then they waited until the last guy exited and shot off.’ It is thought the families left the area in a white van and a black car. The pub owner added it is a ‘difficult time’ due to the supply and cost of living crisis. ‘The price of everything is going up massively,’ he said. ‘We have got wholesale beer increases of nearly 15p a pint this year to deal with. ‘We are going to try to soak that all up, and we will try and fight all of that and then people are going to do that. ‘It is not very helpful.’ He also said he was concerned for the wellbeing of his workers following the incident. ‘The member of the staff that was on rang the manager and said he was upset and quite exasperated,’ he added. ‘He had been intimidated by their passive-aggressive behaviour – and he has blamed himself. ‘It is awful because he was doing really well and was training to be in a managerial position. ‘Now he has lost all of his confidence. It is not that it just hurts my pocket, the real problem is that the staff there are nervous now and do not feel comfortable.’ The pub owner said he has worked in the industry for around a decade but has never witnessed ‘anything like it’. ‘The children were running around the restaurant, running up to people’s tables, falling over things,’ he said. ‘And then they have left bowls of food upturned on the floor – I have never seen anything like it in ten years in the industry. ‘It was just like a pack of bears had been in.’ Inspector Hayley Crawford from Nottinghamshire Police said officers are investigating the incident, and encouraged anyone with any information to call them on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.