Skin barrier creams are having a moment. Launch after launch, ‘barrier’ is the hot word on the lips of beauty brands. Recently, trends have shifted towards prioritising ingredients that strengthen and repair skin. The sudden fascination with the microbiome is a symptom of this shift too, as it’s all about the epidermis and keeping it healthy – rather than stripping it back. Notably, the glow-givers – like high strength acids – are being shouted about less. In the last decade, companies having been selling us invasive acids to pile on with the promise of baby-soft glowy skin, normalising this step in the skincare process more so than ever before. However, there is now skepticism in the beauty community that first companies stripped our skin back, and now we’re being sold products to repair the damage they caused. Jessica DeFino, a beauty journalist, has long been pointing out the irony here. And of course, when one brand launches a barrier repair cream, the others follow suit. The barrier cream trend is all about restoration and repairing the skin’s building blocks – so maybe it’s time to step back from the acids and give it a go, while keeping a healthy perspective on the intentions of skincare brands. If your skin needs some TLC, these are some of the newest barrier creams on the market: Get it for £72 from Cult Beauty. The latest launch from this science-first brand is nourishing without feeling heavy. Get it for £35 from Cult Beauty. If actives are still a big part of your beauty routine, try a product that has caring ingredients inside too. Get it for £38 from Cult Beauty. Layer under thicker creams to lock ceramides in. Get it for £28 from Cult Beauty. This lightweight option will suit oilier skin. Get it for £45 from Lookfantastic. Skin in need of an acid break will welcome this. Shop the range at Cult Beauty. This new brand is all about nourishing the skin barrier – we like the Hydrating Serum for its no-fuss ingredients. Get it for £32 from Cult Beauty. Cleansing can be harsh on skin, so use one designed to be gentle. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The Pleasing pop-up has landed – the Harry Styles beauty brand opens in London MORE : ‘Microbiome’ health is the latest skincare trend you’re going to hear more about MORE : Fermented beauty is a big skincare trend for 2022 – this is what it means