 Volodymyr Zelensky has paid a visit to civilians wounded by Russia’s relentless attacks on Ukraine at a hospital in capital Kyiv. One girl, named as Katya Vlasenko, 16, appeared dumbstruck as the Ukrainian President, flanked by soldiers, handed her a bouquet of flowers. The teenager and her family were forced to flee their home in the village of Vorzel, on the outskirts of Kyiv, during shelling. She covered her younger brother with her body in a desperate bid to protect him, the Independent reports. Ms Vlasenko, who is receiving treatment for shrapnel wounds, told the Ukrainian Premier how he was a ‘Tiktok star’, adding: ‘Everyone supports you’ on the app. It prompted him to smile and joke: ‘So we have occupied Tiktok?’ She replied: ‘All talk about you, it is all about you.’ The exchange reveals how the former comedian turned political leader has managed to maintain his sense of humour as Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine enters its 23rd day on Friday. He told the teenager: ‘It is not easy, but we do the right thing.’ Mr Zelensky visited a number of wards at the hospital to greet the wounded as parts of his country descend into despair. Besieged southern port city Mariupol is now ‘encircled by Russian soldiers’ which are ‘slowly squeezing the life out of it, one blast at a time’, AP reports. Moscow has faced condemnation over the bombing of a theatre where up to 1,300 civilians were sheltering – despite huge signs with the word ‘children’ outside. Around 130 people have been rescued from the venue, an official has claimed, amid concerns about how many could have perished in the atrocity. Days earlier Kremlin forces hit a children’s and maternity hospital where women were giving birth. The attack claimed the lives of three people including a six-year-old and wounded at least 17, including doctors and women in labour. This morning Vladimir Putin has launched assaults on the outskirts of Kyiv and on the western city of Lviv, close to the Polish border. Multiple blasts hit Lviv in quick succession at around 6am local time after missiles were launched from the Black Sea. The city has become a crossroads for people fleeing other parts of Ukraine, with its population increasing by 200,000 since the war began on February 24. Russia has denied targeting civilians. But the United Nations political chief, Undersecretary-General Rosemary DiCarlo, said many of the attacks are ‘reportedly indiscriminate’ and involve the use of ‘explosive weapons with a high impact area’. She has called for an investigation into civilian casualties – as US Secretary of State, Anthony Blinken, warned there would be ‘accountability and consequences for any war crimes committed’ in Ukraine. Putin’s invasion has wiped out around a fifth of his army, with almost 30,000 soldiers killed according to US intelligence. And the Russian leader has suffered another blow after a top Russian paratroop commander was killed during the conflict. However, he can count on the support of Chechen warlord Ramzan Kadyrov, who has taken sides with Putin, warning Ukraine: ‘you don’t have long left’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.