Harry Styles has unveiled his upcoming third solo album and set the release date for May 20, potentially sending his always-passionate fans over the edge. Taking to Twitter on Wednesday afternoon, the Watermelon Sugar singer shared the album’s name – Harry’s House – as well as the release date and official album artwork. The image shows the singer standing on the ceiling of a sparsely furnished living room with an orange two-seater sofa, in a thoughtful pose with his hand to his mouth. The ever-playful style icon is dressed in a smock blouse and baggy blue flares. The album will comprise of 13 new tracks. ‘I need oxygen’, replied one fan to the announcement, while another simply asked: ‘why would u announce this while im at work?’ Obviously the news began trending on social media almost immediately, revealing a neat little Twitter icon of Harry in the same outfit and pose linked to the hashtag of his name. ‘Im not well,’ was the simple declaration of one fan, alongside someone else who wished to share that they were ‘screaming crying throwing up pooping dying’ at the news. Alongside the artwork, he shared a teaser trailer for the album on his official YouTube account, which began with a whizzing montage of images including daffodils, traffic, crowds and fireworks before it slowed to reveal the star taking to the stage in an empty theatre. As he reaches centre stage, smiling at the camera, a stage flat shaped like a yellow house is winched up behind him. The hotly anticipated news has been a while coming, following Harry’s recent movements. In February, he was spotted zooming past Buckingham Palace on a giant bed on wheels as he filmed a new music video, before then rocking some seriously impressive red sequin trousers for further shooting in London later that month. In January he was announced as a headliner at Coachella, alongside Billie Eilish and Kanye West, while his UK concert dates for Love On Tour have left a nice Glastonbury-sized gap near the end of June – just in case. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dannii Minogue chokes up as she remembers late friend ‘Mr Sunshine’ Shane Warne in TV tribute: ‘I can’t believe you’re not here’ MORE : Kim Kardashian reveals ‘very opinionated’ daughter North West is harshest fashion critic and we’re not surprised 