Some workers at a funeral home have been criticised after a video was shared showing them playing a prank on a colleague. The footage shows staff from T Cribb & Sons funeral directors in Beckton, east London standing in a room containing body bags. A hidden camera on a nearby table records the scene ahead of the planned joke. The victim of the prank walks over towards one of the bags and leans over it, presumably assuming it is a corpse. Another colleague unzips the body bag, and the victim looks towards it as a man leaps out and sits up like a corpse coming back to life, while screaming. The workers all burst into fits of laughter, except the victim who screams in shock and runs away. Opinion over the footage has been split online, with many calling it ‘disrespectful’. But others say it is ‘pure British humour’ and ‘dark humour’. The T Cribb & Sons website claims the firm has ‘an unrivalled reputation for commitment to excellence’ and workers ‘spend time respecting and honouring loved ones’ final wishes’. John Harris, senior partner at T Cribbs and Sons, confirmed ‘some staff’ have been suspended as a result of the video. He said: ‘It’s a joke which should never have happened or been shared. ‘I’m lost for words. It’s a family business and I’ve been in it for 50 years. All the good work I’ve done in that time, you can see it destroyed by some foolishness. I’m at a loss really. ‘I get why people think it’s disrespectful. At the end of the day some thought they’d pay a prank on somebody. ‘I can’t stand here and condone it. Where’s the common sense? ‘If it wasn’t shared I could have dealt with it internally and done some reprimands, but now [I may have] to lose experienced staff. One of them has been with me for 25 years. ‘The people involved are really good professional people, and I know that sounds strange to say when you see that video, Nowadays you can’t do things like this. ‘I’d like to offer an unreserved apology if the video offended anybody.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.