‘Call an ambulance,’ I turned around and said to my mother as we pulled into the driveway of our house. Three seconds later, in the front passenger seat of her car on a cold January evening in 2018, I had my first seizure. Since then, I’ve lost count of how many I’ve had, but I can safely say the number is well into triple digits, albeit none as dramatic or eventful than that first one. Within an hour of the seizure occurring, I was taken to hospital in an ambulance, where I was admitted and had a CT scan straight away. In fact, by the time the ambulance arrived I felt completely fine but as I had other pre-existing health conditions, the doctors were concerned as to why this had occurred and assumed something was seriously wrong. After a week in hospital, involving few dozen tests and many assessments, it appeared that my body seemed to be functioning normally. Except, it wasn’t – I was having between five to 15 seizures a day while in the hospital. Of course, I was delighted at the fact that my tests and scans had come back normal, but nonetheless, I was still losing control of my body almost every hour and it was terrifying. I just wanted someone to tell me what was wrong. Over the years before my seizures began, I had come to understand my body pretty well. As a woman of colour, I was used to doctors not taking me seriously and had suffered as a result of this in the past. Both my previous diagnoses of endometriosis and idiopathic intracranial hypertension had come at a delayed stage and as a result my body had endured a fair amount of medical trauma in the form of procedures and surgeries. Between 2017 and 2018 I had three major surgeries, multiple medical procedures, lots of tests, and several hospital stays and visits. My last surgery had only taken place five months before my seizures began and although nerve damage from operations has the potential to cause seizures in patients, my doctors thought it was unlikely given that it had been almost half a year since the last surgery. It was safe to say that even they were confused. Despite the fact that I was having seizures at such a high frequency, doctors quickly noticed that these ‘episodes’ didn’t seem to be harming me in any way. Unlike the epileptic seizures you see on episodes of medical dramas or movies, I wasn’t blacking out or foaming at the mouth. In fact, to this day I have been completely conscious through every seizure I’ve had. But just because I’m aware of what’s happening doesn’t mean I have any control over it. I can usually sense a seizure coming on up to three minutes in advance. My body begins to feel weak, and it slowly gets to the point where I completely lose any feeling or control. And then the motions start; my entire body starts jerking from side to side. Sometimes for as little as 10 seconds and sometimes for up to three minutes. Once they stop, I slowly begin to regain control and movement. I feel a little weak and somewhat as if I’ve woken up with a bad hangover, but this feeling only lasts for a few minutes and then I’m well enough to carry on with my activities. By the second day of my hospital stay, doctors had witnessed enough of my seizures first-hand to decide that they weren’t too much of a cause for concern. I was given instructions to keep a track of them myself rather than call for a nurse or doctor every time I was having one during my inpatient stay. I would log it in to the notes app of my phone with details on approximately how long it had lasted and what time – so that I could share it with the doctor when they made their morning rounds. Before discharging me after a week long stay, doctors explained to me that I was suffering from something known as ‘pseudoseizures.’ Despite the fact that my body was mimicking the actions of epileptic seizures, this wasn’t what I was experiencing. My seizures were in fact occurring as a result of ‘stress and trauma.’ As a part of my discharge from their care, I was given a pamphlet on breathing exercises and instructions to take it easy over the next few weeks and sent home. While the pamphlet on breathing exercises that the doctors had given me had been pretty useless, it was helpful to know that my seizures were induced by stress. As the weeks went on, I gradually came to terms with the fact that these seizures were something I would be dealing with for the foreseeable future. I knew I had to try and return to normality and to do so it was important that I understood my body and what was happening to it. But I was a young, chronically ill student in my early 20s who couldn’t completely avoid stressful situations altogether. In the few weeks since my first seizure and my discharge from hospital, my episodes slowed down but I was still having a fair amount on a daily basis. I had come to realise that, as well as stress, they were also triggered by other factors such as poor sleep, overexertion and chronic pain. Although it was practically impossible to stop mental stress with exams and adult life looming in the distance, I could train my body to be as stress-free as possible with certain lifestyle changes and adjustments. Long days of overworking followed by nights out at parties or with my friends would no longer be possible. Unlike my other conditions, it was clear that very few people knew about pseudoseizures. I hated having to explain to my friends why I couldn’t go out for more than a few hours because my body couldn’t handle it. I hated excusing myself in the middle of family dinners because I could feel a seizure coming on. I hated so many things about the seizures including nobody understanding what I was going through. My social life and work were severely impacted. First dates now involved an awkward conversation warning the person I had just met that this was a normal part of my life and could occur in their presence. Solo holidays became impossible due to the fear of having a seizure in the middle of a foreign country and being hospitalised. Thousands of pounds that I had previously spent on driving lessons had now gone to waste as I was instructed that I was no longer allowed. New employers had to be informed of my condition and given multiple emergency contacts in case something went wrong. It was exhausting trying to navigate a life with this condition that I had little to no control over. And then one day, I found not just one person who understood but a whole community. By chance I came across a TikTok video on my ‘For You’ of someone having a seizure. I watched the video at least a dozen times, each time noticing a different similarity in these random strangers’ seizures compared to my own. I would never wish this condition upon anyone but at the same time, it was nice to know that I wasn’t alone. The term ‘pseudoseizures’ alone had me feeling as if my seizures were something I was making up. I had tried my best to control them; to force my body to stay still when all it wanted to do was explode. But despite my utmost efforts, I would still lose control. And so would this random woman on TikTok. Even though I had used social media groups and pages for my other conditions, I had never considered it when it came to my seizures. Mainly because I assumed that there were very few people out there who suffered from them and because my previous research into the condition hadn’t really provided me with much information. But within a few minutes of seeing this video, I was on Facebook and part of a pseudoseizure support group.’ I finally had a community that understood. Now, almost three years after my seizures first began, I feel less alone. I still suffer from seizures but as the years have gone on, I’ve noticed how I can prevent them. I schedule my time carefully to ensure my body remains as calm as possible. If I know I’m going to have an eventful day ahead, I try my best to book the next day or two off to allow my body to recuperate. Having a job that allows me to work from home has been useful, as have relaxation methods such as breathing exercises and ensuring I get a good night’s sleep. To some extent even attending therapy was helpful in the sense that it allowed me to gain a better understanding of my body and feel less embarrassed or annoyed at the fact that the seizures often led me to lose control over it. I still have episodes every few days and sometimes even multiple episodes on one day. Doctors are still reluctant to help me or take me seriously when it comes to my pseudoseizures. Other than painkillers and a referral to a group pain therapy course they haven’t been able to offer much in terms of solutions. A little part of me is still holding on to hope that one day I will come across a doctor who takes me seriously and helps me to find a cure to end these occurrences. However, I’m yet to come across someone who has ever found a way to completely stop their pseudoseizures. But at the same time, I’m grateful that things are slightly less worse than they were when I was sent home with the pamphlet, and most importantly that I’ve found a community that understands. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Accountant given official warning by bosses after she had an epileptic seizure MORE : Boy, 5, had a seizure and then drowned in bath while mum wrapped presents MORE : As a disabled person, video hames has enhanced my quality of life