The staycation is here to stay – and with spring holidays on the horizon, it’s a good time to do your research. Tripadvisor has now revealed their top 10 UK travel destinations for 2022. Two Welsh hamlets came first and second respectively, while a town in North Yorkshire ranked highly. Tripadvisor decided what the trending spots are by looking at how popular they are becoming based on interaction on their own website and by seeing which locations are having the biggest on-demand growth. The small village of Brithdir has seen huge interest from travel-hungry Brits, possibly due to its location being close to Snowdonia National Park and beaches. This was a common theme for the top picks, which all had access to bigger attractions while being quaint on their own. Some commonly sought after places you’d expect to see on there also made the list, such as Cambridge, Manchester and Brighton. Tripadvisor found that over three-quarters of Brits plan to travel within the UK between March and May this year, so here’s a breakdown of where you should consider next. Close to the city centre of York, here you can enjoy the quiet and escape into the buzz. Scotland’s more remote areas are worth exploring for there peace and beauty alone. This historic market town is a great escape for city dwellers. For a night on the town to delicious recovery meal the next day, there’s plenty to explore in Manchester. The cobbled streets and nearby stretch of shops and pubs make this a sweet weekend destination. Go punting and take a sip on a pint afterwards, as you indulge in the history of location. Quirky shops, buzzing nightlife and a pretty beach make this a safe bet for a getaway. Everyone prizes Edinburgh (with good reason), but don’t overlook Glasgow which is full of life and sights to see. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Travel constipation: What causes it and how to ease it MORE : Parents ditch normal life to travel to 18 different countries with their kids MORE : Epic adventures for female solo travellers from Thailand to Morocco