Piers Morgan became overwhelmed with emotion while watching a tribute to his late friend Shane Warne. The Australian cricket legend died suddenly on March 5 at the age of 52, following a suspected heart attack in Thailand. After watching a retrospective on Warne’s life and career, Piers, 56, wrote on Sunday: ‘Felt quite choked up watching Sky’s tribute repeat of their brilliant Shane Warne doc ‘Warne In A Million’ then I got to this bit and laughed out loud. He was so right.’ In the clip, Warne says: ‘In this day and age you’ve just got to be a little bit careful but sometimes, just say get stuffed to the fun police.’ Piers had earlier paid tribute to Warne when news of his death broke on Friday, tweeting: ‘Absolutely devastated to hear that ⁦@ShaneWarne⁩ has died from a heart attack aged just 52. ‘He was a genius cricketer, a  supreme entertainer, a fantastic bloke and a great loyal friend for many years. Just gutting news.’ He added: ‘RIP Warnie, I loved every minute in your company.’ The former Good Morning Britain presenter later called for Warne to receive a posthumous accolade from the Queen in light of his career achievements, stating: ‘Shane Warne was the only one of Wisden’s 5 greatest cricketers of 20th Century not to be knighted. ‘He wasn’t Mother Teresa but if Gavin bloody Williamson can get a gong then so should Warnie, posthumously, for services to cricket & charity. Make it happen @borisjohnson.’ Tributes for Warne poured in from other celebrities, notably his former fiancee Elizabeth Hurley, who wrote: ‘I feel like the sun has gone behind a cloud forever. RIP my beloved Lionheart.’ Her son Damian Hurley added: ‘I’m still trying to wrap my head around this… SW was a father figure to me for most of my formative years and was truly one the best men I’ve ever known. My heart is broken. Thinking of and sending love to all SW’s family.’ Ed Sheeran revealed he had spoken to Warne just days before his death, while presenter Dan Walker recalled the sports star’s appearance on BBC Breakfast last month. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rolling Stones fans spot major hint rockers will perform at BST Hyde Park for 60th anniversary MORE : Lauren Goodger enjoys family day out with ex Charles Drury and daughter Larose shopping for second baby after dramatic split 