A London taxi driver organised a group of cabbies to drive to the Ukrainian border in Poland and help refugees get to safe countries. The war in Ukraine has quickly created one of the worst refugee crises in modern times. Some 3.6million people have fled their homes to seek refuge in other countries just over one month since Vladimir Putin launched his attack. Matt Westfall, 52, was inspired to do something when he watched a video of a Ukrainian dad saying goodbye to his family before going to fight for his country. He decided to use his 11 years of experience as a London taxi driver to take essentials to people living in makeshift camps at the border and drive some of them to safe places. Matt, from Buckhurst Hill, Essex, also managed to get six other cabs, one car and a van to join his cause, raising more than £11,000 to fund their efforts. The group set off last Sunday, driving 13 hours to Warsaw in Poland and arrived back home on Wednesday. They delivered sanitary products, baby food, nappies, and toilet roll. Matt picked up a mum and daughter who were heading to stay with friends and family in Munich, Germany. When Matt asked the mum if she would ever return to Ukraine, she said: ‘To what? My flat is gone, I’ve got nothing to go back to – I don’t know what to do. ‘I would love to go back to my country, I really want to go back but I have nothing to go back to.’ The little girl’s mum was worried about her because she looked ‘grey and pasty and tired’ and had not eaten or drunk anything. Matt said: ‘So my mate got down on his knee and said: “I know what all kids like… McDonalds”. ‘Her little eyes just lit up like switching on a light and it was just amazing. Her little face lit up and all of sudden we had a different little girl on our hands. ‘It was an amazing moment that summed up the journey, it was worth it just for that one little moment.’ Matt drove the pair to Berlin and put them up in a hotel there. Then, the mum and her daughter made their way to Munich where they are safely with family. Others were headed to Hamburg, others did not say where they were going. ‘We didn’t want to be too intrusive in their lives,’ Matt said. One of the drivers waited in Dunkirk, France, for a family waiting on British visas to go stay with relatives in Notting Hill, northwest London. Matt, who plans to make the trip again, said: ‘I’ve not got a big enough vocabulary to tell you how I felt. ‘Pain, heartbreak, relief… It changed me forever. I can’t comprehend what they’ve been through, all I can do is try and smile and do what I can for them. There’s no words.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.