Emmanuel Petit is confident Chelsea will secure another Champions League victory over Real Madrid when the two teams meet in the quarter-finals. Thomas Tuchel’s side beat Madrid 3-1 on aggregate in the semi-finals of last season’s competition and will be hoping for a similar outcome next month as they look to become only the second team to retain the Champions League trophy. Chelsea qualified for the quarter-finals of Europe’s top club competition after finishing second in Group H and beating French side Lille in the first knockout round. Meanwhile, Madrid topped Group D with five wins from six games and clinched a stunning last-16 win over Ligue 1 giants Paris Saint-Germain earlier this month. Carlo Ancelotti’s Real Madrid suffered an embarrassing 4-0 defeat at home to El Clasico rivals Barcelona at the weekend but remain nine points clear at the top of La Liga as they chase a 35th domestic title. Chelsea, meanwhile, have won six matches in a row in all competitions to strengthen their grip on third-place in the Premier League and advance to the semi-finals of the FA Cup. Asked if Chelsea can beat Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final tie, former Blues midfielder Petit told Lord Ping: ‘Of course they can. ‘Did you watch the El Clasico? I was at the game [against PSG] and it appeared PSG were the better team in both games and should have scored at least five or six goals. ‘This is exactly what Barcelona did – and when you look at Chelsea they have so many players who can hurt you in their team. ‘I know it’s Real Madrid and the history of the club but I’m pretty sure that Chelsea will go through.’ Chelsea’s recent impressive run comes despite the uncertainty at Stamford Bridge following sanctions placed on club owner Roman Abramovich.  ‘I have never seen it before in football,’ ex-France star Petit added. ‘If I was in the dressing room maybe I would ask myself questions but not too far because I have money in my bank. ‘My thoughts go straight to all the people working in the back stage. They are feeling high pressure for the future. ‘I can sympathise with the managers and players but there are some limits because it doesn’t impact their lives.’ Following the international break, Chelsea return to action on April 2 with a west London derby against Brentford, while Real Madrid visit Celta Vigo. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 