HP Sauce will remove the scaffolding from its famous label showing Big Ben. The brown sauce specialists updated their logo in May 2019, when London’s iconic clock had restoration work. Nearly three years on, owners Kraft Heinz announced on  Monday that glass bottles will no longer show the scaffolding on Big Ben’s Elizabeth Tower, ahead of the landmark being restored to its former glory later this year. Bosses at HP – which accounts for around three-quarters of the brown sauce market in the UK – say the first ever design change to their bottle will be phased out imminently. The scaffolding around the tower was put in place in 2017, but is due to be completely removed within the next month. HP (short for Houses of Parliament) sauce was invented in 1870 by greengrocer Frederick Gibson Garton, before being officially registered in 1896, when MPs started using the condiment in the Parliament. The bottle was changed to show workers wearing hard hats during the building work. A spokesman for the company explained: ‘Following the announcement from the House of Commons that the gantry is to be removed, HP Sauce announces it will remove the scaffolding from its label too. ‘Since May 2019, glass HP Sauce bottles have displayed the Elizabeth Tower covered with scaffolding, to present an honest view of the restoration work that’s been taking place. ‘With the scaffolding set to be removed in late March and April, HP Sauce labels will be restored to their original glory too. ‘The label change in 2019 was the first ever design change to the famous bottle in 123 years and now there’s only a limited time left to secure a dollop of history.’ Clara Monksfield, of HP Sauce added: ‘The Elizabeth Tower, home to Big Ben, has adorned our label for over a century, so it was only right for us to update our label back in 2019, reflecting history as it happened to the most-Instagrammed landmark in London! ‘We were delighted to hear the news that the scaffolding will soon be taken down – four years after the structure was first enclosed for the restoration project. ‘As a celebrated sauce tied with these iconic landmarks, we’ll remove the scaffolding from our bottles too and show these fantastic landmarks in all their original glory once more.’ Glass bottles featuring the scaffolding will remain in shops while stocks last. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Queen launches own brands of tomato ketchup and brown sauce