France has accused the UK of showing a ‘lack of humanity’ towards Ukrainian refugees trying to reach the country from Calais. Interior minister Gerald Darmanin wrote a strongly worded letter to his counterpart Priti Patel urging a consular presence be set up in the French port. He said hundreds of Ukrainians had arrived at Calais in the hopes of joining family in the UK, but many were turned away by officials as they did not have valid visas. He explained they were being told by British officials to obtain the necessary paperwork from Paris or Brussels. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Darmanin criticised the UK’s response as ‘completely unsuitable’ adding it showed a ‘lack of humanity towards the distressed people trying to cross the Channel’. His letter read: ‘It’s imperative that your consular representation, exceptionally and for the duration of this crisis, is able to issue visas for family reunification on the spot in Calais.’ It comes as following reports 150 Ukrainian refugees had been turned away at Calais as they did not have a valid visa. Prime Minister Boris Johnson last week promised to be ‘very generous’ to Ukrainians seeking safety before Patel formally launched a scheme specifically for them. ‘I have developed the Ukraine family scheme following discussion with the Ukrainian government and neighbouring countries, and I am proud to have launched it within a matter of days,’ The Home Secretary said on Friday. ‘[It will enable] Ukranians with family in the United Kingdom to be welcomed safely, quickly and free of charge.’ Justice Secretary Dominic Raab suggested letting refugees into the country without visas would not benefit those who genuinely need the help. He told BBC’s Sunday Morning programme: ‘Look, if we just open the door not only will we not benefit the people that we need to, the genuine refugees, but I think we undermine the popular support for this very thing, so I don’t think that’s the right thing to do. We need to make sure that we’re acting for those that need our support.’ Raab estimated up to 200,000 Ukranians would be allowed into the UK through the new scheme whilst the ‘humanitarian route’ is uncapped. ‘We’ll work with the United Nations and other agencies but also individuals, business, charitable sponsors here, and that route for Ukrainians fleeing persecution is uncapped,’ he added. ‘Of course, you find this with conflict situations, most people want to either stay in their country of birth and origin or go to a county nearby, so they can return later. I think we can expect that with Ukraine.’ The number Ukrainians fleeing their home country is expected to reach 1.5 million with the UN warning the war could displace some five million. Campaign group Freedom from Torture has called on the Government to do more to support those fleeing Ukraine and staged a protest near Parliament this morning. It wants to see the end of the Nationality and Borders Bill, dubbed the ‘Anti-Refugee Bill’ – which sees protection given only to refugees arriving through ‘official’ routes. The charity’s chief executive Sonya Sceats said: ‘The public has shown overwhelming support for those fleeing the conflict in Ukraine, but the government is pushing ahead with a bill that would penalise Ukrainians who make their own way to the UK. ‘They are ignoring the public – so we put this message where they couldn’t possibly miss it. ‘There is still time for this government to change course; we hope they will show that they stand with Ukraine and all those displaced by war, torture and persecution by scrapping this heartless bill and instead building an asylum system that treats people seeking safety with dignity and compassion.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.