Katie Price and her fiancé Carl Woods showed their undying love for each other while taking a stroll on their far east holiday in Thailand. The reality star, 43, looked cute in pigtails as she beamed from ear-to-ear while holding her lover’s hand. The glamour model – also known as Jordan – donned a cool Moschino T-shirt and fur yellow sliders that simply could not be missed. Katie also wore a pair of black shorts, which were personalised and embroidered with her initials KP, and partner Carl, 33, matched with CW on his shorts. The former car salesman also donned an all-black ensemble with casual white trainers and a flashy gold watch. The pair weren’t shy with their PDA, as Carl placed a tender kiss on his wife-to-be’s forehead. Another snap shows Katie cuddling into her beau’s chest while he wraps protective arms around her. The couple jetted off to Thailand following a rough few months for the media personality, whose woes included court cases and bankruptcy worries. They have since been photographed without a care in the world as they soaked up the sun. Katie recently sent a strong message to her haters, as she proudly wore a tee with ‘get over it’ printed on the front. It seemed the statement was a message to those who have something to say about Katie getting more plastic surgery, or perhaps people who take issue with the couple both setting up OnlyFans accounts. Carl is set to become Katie’s fourth husband after the couple got engaged in April 2021. Naturally, her engagement ring dazzles onlookers everywhere the star goes, with sources previously telling The Sun Katie is ‘madly in love with Carl’. Following their engagement announcement, they were said to be ‘excited to take the next step’. Katie and Carl also have tattoos dedicated to each other, with Carl inking not one, not two, but three portraits of his fiancée’s face on his body. They dated for 10 months before deciding they were going to tie the knot, initially meeting through mutual friends and TV work. Most recently, mum-of-five Katie recently revealed she and Carl are heading down the IVF route as they try for a baby while her eldest son heads off to college. She already shares Harvey, 19, with ex-footballer Dwight York, Junior, 16, and Princess, 14, with ex-husband Peter Andre, and Jett, eight, and daughter Bunny, seven, with Kieran Hayler. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nicola Adams sweetly cradles pregnant girlfriend Ella Baig’s baby bump as couple expect first child MORE : Will Smith shares kiss with wife Jada Pinkett as Denzel Washington wraps him in warm bear hug after epic Sag Award win 