Cher has offered to open the doors of her home to Ukrainian families fleeing the war. The Believe singer, 75, has called for people with the means to help refugees to do so, as she urged everyone to put themselves in the shoes of those worst affected. As more than 2 million refugees have fled the war-torn country following Vladimir Putin launching a full-scale invasion on February 24, the public are seeking ways to help in any way possible, from sending donations to offering people a place to stay. On Friday, the Mamma Mia star took to Twitter where she announced she wanted to take in a family forced to flee Ukraine. She wrote: ‘I Would Like to Sponsor Ukrainian Families in My Home. They Would Be Safe & Cared For. ‘MANY PEOPLE IN MY POSITION NEED TO STEP UP TO THE PLATE.IF I WAS ALONE OR WITH MY CHILDREN,& WE WERE TRAUMATIZED,I WOULD HOPE SOMEONE LIKE ME TO TAKE CARE OF US (sic).’ The hitmaker was praised for her willingness to help, with one follower getting in touch to say they were working with people to bring refugees to safety. ‘If you are seriously interested please let me know and perhaps we can help each other,’ they wrote. Cher isn’t the only celebrity using their platform to raise awareness and help the crisis in Ukraine: actor Benedict Cumberbatch offered to open his home to refugees as he spoke about the crisis on the red carpet of the Baftas. ‘It is a really shocking time to be a European two and a half hours flight away from Ukraine, and it’s something that hangs over us,’ he told Sky News. ‘We all need … to do more than wear a badge. We need to donate, we need to pressure our politicians to continue to create some kind of a refugee safety and a haven here for people who are suffering. ‘Everyone needs to do as much as they can … there’s been a record number of people volunteering to take people into their homes, I hope to be part of that myself.’ The British public are also asked to be part of a new scheme offering sponsorship to Ukrainians as part of a new initiative from the government. Under the scheme, Ukrainian families with no ties to Britain can be sponsored by a citizen so they can legally come to the UK, work, and access state benefits and public services for up to three years. Households, or ‘sponsors’, who can take in a refugee or refugee family will be offered £350 a month. Additional payments will be provided to school-aged children. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis celebrate as Ukraine fundraiser reaches $30,000,000 goal in 2 weeks MORE : Bafta 2022: Benedict Cumberbatch offers his home to Ukraine refugees amid Russia strikes 