A 19-year-old paratrooper who has joined the defence of Ukraine has vowed to ‘fight for every inch’ in the face of the Russian invasion. Ivan, whose ambition is to be a military pilot, said that he is ‘honoured’ to take up arms in Kyiv – and wants to teach Vladimir Putin a lesson. The military school graduate, who has volunteered for the Territorial Defence Forces to protect his ‘beautiful’ home city, also told Metro.co.uk that he was joining the ranks in order to defend Europe. He spoke as Russian forces continued to edge their way towards the outskirts of the capital in an advance that has been stalled by dogged resistance from regular and volunteer Ukrainian forces. The teenager graduated as a paratrooper and reconnaissance specialist from an academy that produces professional soldiers for the nation’s military. ‘This is our capital, a place I know very well,’ he said. ‘It’s very beautiful, I would not want the occupants to destroy what is important to me and many people in Ukraine. ‘I felt an obligation to my country, my friends and my family, which is why I joined the territorial defence. ‘Above all, the territorial defence is a team of motivated people who know why they came and who want to defend their country at a time of need. ‘I am honoured to be next to them in defending the country.’ Ivan spoke amid reports of the Russian advance on Kyiv being slowed by Ukrainian forces and logistical problems as it approached the capital’s outskirts from the east and west. Analysts expect Moscow to intensify its assault on the city, potentially deploying the type of heavy bombardment that has had devastating effects on civilian areas in other parts of the country. Ivan, who asked to be known by his first name, is among those who have answered a call to arms from the government. He graduated from the Ivan Bohun Military High School in Kyiv as well as a pilot school, and takes part in ongoing training with the defence forces. The volunteer was this week personally thanked by Yuri Galushkin, commander of the Territorial Defence Forces, for his ‘courage and participation’ in defending the capital. Now faced with real warfare against an enemy with superior numbers and firepower, the teenager said he is unphased and echoed calls by Ukrainian leaders for NATO to impose a no-fly zone. ‘As a child, I dreamed of becoming a military pilot and will continue to pursue that goal in the future,’ he said. ‘I graduated from a pilot school and I can tell you that modern warfare is decided in the airspace, so it’s necessary to close the sky. Defending Ukraine, I feel pride for our people, who make sacrifices to courageously fight for every inch of homeland.’ Ivan, who shares his name with the academy, is only a year older than the maximum age set out for a child soldier by UNICEF. But he said that the invasion, which is now in its 15th day, has been forced on Ukraine and given the general population no choice but to resist. Speaking through an interpreter, Ivan said: ‘The victory, which I am certain of, will be a good lesson not just for Putin, but all of Russia, they will no longer even think or dream about taking what does not belong to them. ‘Russia always violates international agreements, it does not respect any laws, and someone like Putin, with unlimited power over his unfree people, is losing his mind. The entire world should unite against a common enemy, to stop Putin, at least in Ukraine’s sky.’ Repeated pleas from Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskyy to ‘close the sky’ have been rejected by the West on the grounds that it would spread the conflagration throughout Europe and risk triggering World War Three. But Western-supplied Javelin surface-to-air and NLAW anti-tank missiles are being deployed effectively against the invading forces. ‘The more weapons of this kind we have, the easier it will be to resist the enemy,’ Ivan said. ‘Russian troops are simply horrified when they see Javelins do their work, sometimes they don’t even fight back, and flee. ‘We are defending our homeland and we are prepared to give our lives for this cause if necessary.’ Ivan is prepared to fight for nations that have not put boots on the ground. ‘It would be great if we had NATO soldiers standing with us at the frontline, shoulder to shoulder,’ he said. ‘But as long as they are not here, it is up to Ukrainian guys, just like me, to stop this attack on Europe.’ Moscow’s armour is said to be 13 miles from the centre of Kyiv as it is met with steadfast resistance from the capital’s defenders. The Russian president was today said to have sacked eight top generals in his frustration at the slow pace of the invasion. According to the United Nations Refugee Agency, 2.3 million people have now fled Ukraine for neighbouring countries during the invasion, which began on several axes 15 days ago. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.