Strictly Come Dancing’s Aljaž Škorjanec has confirmed he will be leaving the show after nine years. The Slovenian dancer, 32, hailed his time on the BBC hit series a dream and recalled his first time on the Strictly dance floor as the most ‘nervous’ he’s ever been. In a statement, he said:  ‘A little while ago I made the tough decision that Strictly 2021 would be my last. The show has given me an opportunity and freedom to create and express myself in front of millions of people every weekend for the last 9 years. ‘The love and support I got from the team of producers was second to none. Louise Rainbow, Sarah James, Kim Winston, Jack Gledhill are just a few of the unsung heroes behind the success of the show – I am forever grateful to them! ‘Being a part of a group of professionals that inspire and push you to be better every step of the way is humbling and I will carry that inspiration with me forever. Every year the lineup of dancers would change but one thing stayed the same, WE WERE THE BEST!’ The ballroom and Latin pro – who is married to It Takes Two host Janette Manrara – also shared a collage on Instagram which reflected his time on the show. ‘And this is one thing that I know will never change on Strictly! Aljaž also showed his gratitude to the ‘best backstage team’ and his former dance partners before sharing a special shout-out to Janette. He continued: ‘My beautiful partners – Abbey Clancy, Alison Hammond, Helen George, Daisy Lowe, Kate Silverton, Gemma Atkinson, Emma Weymouth, Clara Amfo and Sara Davies. ‘It’s hard to put into words how many beautiful memories we have had. I LOVE YOU ALL! ‘To my bucka.. from picking songs, creating stories and choreographing steps we always did it as a team. Your talent and selflessness knows no bounds. ‘We were dating when we started together on the show and now we are husband and wife. We got to perform with Andrea Bocelli, Michael Buble, Ed Sheeran, Taylor Swift, BBC Symphony Orchestra.. moments I will keep in my heart forever. I LOVE YOU! ‘And finally, thank YOU, the people that watch Strictly who have been so kind to me all these years. Every comment, vote, kind message never went unnoticed. You are the reason we all do it, thank you! ‘I have lots of exciting stuff planned that I will fill you in on soon. I can’t wait to see what the future holds!’ ‘KEEEEEP DANCING!’ he added. Former dancing partner and Radio One presenter Clara Amfo replied: ‘Eternal salute to the very best and most fun dance partner any of us “celebs” could have asked for. You surpassed all of your dreams and truly left your mark with audiences, be so proud of yourself!!!’ While model Daisy Lowe – who was partnered with Aljaž in 2016 – added: ‘Congratulations, 9 years of making us all happy.; After lifting the coveted Glitterball trophy with model Abbey Clancy, Aljaz became a firm fan favourite, so naturally,  fans were gutted by the news and didn’t hold back their feelings on social media ‘Aww noooo! you will be so missed, you are amazing. All the best with the next step in your future,’ one person wrote. Another said: Not today, Universe. NOT TODAY. Aljaz’s departure follows Oti Mabuse’s exit from Strictly, which she confirmed last month. While his wife Janette also left the series after reaching the 2020 final with pop singer HRVY. Janette replaced Zoe Ball on Strictly’s spin-off series It Takes Two during that same year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Strictly Come Dancing 2022 faces scheduling chaos over World Cup clashes MORE : Oti Mabuse recalls crying ‘for hours’ after confirming her Strictly Come Dancing exit: ‘When you know it’s time to go, you know’    