Staff at London’s City Hall will be able to take ‘menopause leave’ as part of a new policy launched by Sadiq Khan to mark International Women’s Day. The workplace initiative will also see ‘temperature-controlled areas’ brought in to help women going through the menopause, alongside efforts to tackle what the London Mayor branded one of the ‘last workplace taboos’. Mr Khan’s menopause policy – exclusively revealed by Metro.co.uk during last year’s mayoral campaign – comes into force for all City Hall staff today and has been widely welcomed by women’s groups and experts. The move may spark concerns in some companies eager to cut down on staff absence, with the Mayor hoping that the ‘world-leading’ initiative will be copied by other organisations in London and around the globe. But Mr Khan wants to end the embarrassment felt by some women when discussing the issue and confront employers who want menopausal women to tough it out. It comes after research suggested almost a million women in the UK were considering leaving their job because of a lack of support during the transition. Now City Hall hopes its policy can spark a workplace revolution to support those struggling with the menopause, which tends to arrive when women stop having periods in middle age – though symptoms and experiences vary dramatically. Ahead of the launch on Tuesday, Mr Khan exclusively told Metro.co.uk: ‘There should be no stigma or shame associated with the menopause, and by opening up this conversation, I want to show that a workplace discussion about menopause is normal, and that we can remove the stigma around those experiencing it. ‘I want to encourage all other employers across London and the country to learn from our approach and follow suit.’ He continued: ‘Employers have a responsibility to create truly inclusive workplaces and part of that means ensuring there is an understanding of the menopause and how it can affect staff, and challenging the taboos surrounding the subject, which all too often prevent people from getting the support they need. ‘I am a proud feminist and strongly believe that women of all ages deserve to feel welcomed and accepted at work.’ Staff will be able to request ‘suitable workplace adjustments’ – like flexibility in their working day – to allow for breaks if symptoms flare up, or time to attend medical appointments. They will also be able to ask for suitable changes to work tasks when they are experiencing symptoms, which can include hot flushes, anxiety and disrupted sleep. Private areas for resting and access to cold drinking water will be made available, too. The policy will also involve measures being put in place to ensure staff ‘feel able and confident to ask for adjustments’, alongside efforts to tackle stigma. Uniform changes for comfort may also be considered, alongside home working if women experience heavy bleeding. Meanwhile, managers will be ‘equipped with the information they need to better understand the health implications’ and what support they should provide to ensure staff can continue working effectively, City Hall said. An official explained: ‘That means ensuring all staff understand the menopause better… and challenging inappropriate behaviour or derogatory remarks about the menopause.’ City Hall claims the policy ‘will ensure that anyone experiencing menopausal symptoms gets the same support and understanding as if they had any other health issue.’ And, if necessary, the organisation will grant absence for menopause-related problems. Mr Khan says he will encourage City Hall managers, ‘especially men, to engage more actively with one of the last taboos of occupational health’ and lead by example himself. Nearly 60 per cent of those going through the menopause report symptoms that affect them at work, according to NHS Employers. The Mayor had said in May that he was unaware of examples of the policy being tried elsewhere, but Deborah Garlick – the CEO of Henpicked: Menopause in the Workplace – says there has in fact been a dramatic increase in organisations bringing in similar schemes over the last five years. Welcoming the Mayor’s move, she told Metro.co.uk: ‘It’s time all employers follow Sadiq’s lead and join the one in five employers already taking action to be menopause-friendly.’ She continued: ‘(The policy) will make a massive difference both to countless people today and for generations to come, as the taboo around the menopause disappears for good.’ The new policy, one of Mr Khan’s manifesto promises, was also welcomed by a spokesperson for the Women’s Equality Party. But the party told Metro.co.uk that it also wants legislation to protect women who need to take leave due to menopause and menstrual symptoms. The spokesperson added: ‘Ending stigma around menopause with awareness and workplace policies alone cannot enable women to access that support from their employer if they still have to fear losing their jobs and livelihoods.’ Unison labelled the policy ‘bold and supportive’, while the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD) declared itself ‘very pleased’ by it. CIPD senior policy advisor Rachel Suff added: ‘Very often, simple adjustments can transform someone’s ability to carry on working effectively. ‘By creating menopause-friendly workplaces where women can access support and understanding, employers will be in a much better position to retain valuable skills and talent.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : What should workplaces do to help people going through menopause? MORE : ‘I had no choice but to resign’: Women share the difficulties of going through menopause at work