CODA star Troy Kotsur made history at the Baftas tonight as he took home the award for best supporting actor. The 53-year-old played Frank Rossi in the acclaimed CODA (child of deaf adults), alongside Emilia Jones, Daniel Durant and Marlee Matlin. At the ceremony, held at the Royal Albert Hall, he was awarded the gong for best supporting actor, beating out competition from West Side Story’s Mike Faist, Ciaran Hinds for Belfast, C’Mon C’mon actor Woody Norman, Kodi Smit-McPhee and Jesse Plemons, both for The Power of the Dog, and Jesse Plemons for The Power of the Dog. With the trophy, Troy became the first deaf actor to win a Bafta in one of the main categories. Speaking to Metro.co.uk and others after his win, he revealed his hopes that there will be more awareness of the deaf community in Hollywood – and more recognition on the big screen. ‘I really believe that it took a long time for Hollywood and for filmmakers to accept actors who happen to be deaf,’ he said. ‘And I noticed in general, there was so much fear – you’re afraid of what you don’t understand, or you’re afraid of financial risks, you have to cast A-listers, you’re worried about losing money and all of the above and really, it took years. ‘And now with CODA, it was really the right team and the right director, the right script and this authentic casting. ‘So thanks to Marlee Matlin, my co-star, we’re really trying to encourage filmmakers to fight for that authenticity and Marlee knew my work on stage and my point is, the theatre stage was my platform to get folks to know me and know my work. ‘The deaf community is quite small and international deaf community is quite small but hearing people out there [they] just aren’t aware, they’re quite ignorant of it. ‘But thanks to our film it feels like that separation between the two worlds is now being pulled together and bridged as one so we can finally make that connection and understand each other.’ Appearing on stage with his interpreter, the star also spoke of the huge honour in front of the star-studded audience. ‘Wow okay, first of all it is such an honour to be here today to accept this award from Bafta,’ he began. ‘I think it’s all great you’re recognising my work from all the way across the sea, it’s truly amazing.’ Troy also seized his moment to throw his hat in the ring for the upcoming James Bond flick after Daniel Craig stepped away from the role. ‘I would just like to say congratulations to James Bond, 007, for the 60th anniversary. ‘Have you considered maybe a deaf James Bond, 008?’ Troy isn’t the only star who took the opportunity to drop their name in for 007, with host Rebel Wilson also doing the same. Rebel also joked that she would be taking over as the super spy. ‘Hold on to your martinis because the Broccolis have let me announce it here and now, this is a scoop,’ she said during her opening speech. ‘I’m proud to announce that the new James Bond will be me! Oh my god, yes!’ ‘I don’t want people going crazy because there will be a female James Bond, it’s not going to change things that much. ‘Here’s my pitch for the new Bond film – Bond goes to Australia and it can be called Die And G’day. ‘And because of the gender pay gap I actually won’t be 007, I’ll be 004.5.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Adam Woodyatt set for EastEnders return as Ian Beale with BBC offering ‘big money’ MORE : Millie Bobby Brown and boyfriend Jake Bongiovi look super-glam as they make red carpet debut at Baftas 