A massive fire has engulfed the main building at a luxury golf club popular with top golfers and A-list celebrities. Footage showed flames tearing through the state-of-the-art clubhouse at Beaverbrook Golf Club near Leatherhead, Surrey, on Monday night. Firefighters remained at the scene the following morning and said the blaze had damaged ‘the entirety of the building and its basement’. It took eight fire engines and specialist crews to tackle the fire, which was reported at around 10pm, Surrey Fire and Rescue Service said. The club lies on the grounds of an exclusive country hotel at Cherkley Court, a Victorian mansion formerly inhabited by the press baron Lord Beaverbrook, a wartime minister and confidant of Winston Churchill who hosted the prime minister during his painting and writing retreats. The estate was bought in 2010 by Joel Cadbury, heir to the eponymous chocolate manufacturer, and business partner Ollie Vigors, who together reinvented London’s Groucho Club in the early 2000s. The pair reopened Beaverbrook in 2017 after renovations reported by the Financial Times to have cost upwards of £100 million. The basement of the clubhouse, which opened in 2018, is believed to be an underground maintenance facility housing the club’s top-end mowers and turf upkeep equipment. Since its transformation, Beaverbrook has attracted the likes of England footballers Harry Kane and Peter Crouch as well as pro golfers such as New Zealand-born 2005 US open winner Michael Campbell. Greg Bell, CEO of biotechnology firm Morgan Prestwich and occasional golf partner of broadcaster Piers Morgan, tweeted: ‘Really really sad to see Beaverbrook golf club go up in flames. ‘Such a beautiful venue and hope no one has been hurt.’ The fire is not believed to have spread to Cherkley Court or any other buildings on the grounds. The club, which operates the course as a private members-only business, was not immediately available to comment. A spokesperson for Surrey Fire and Rescue Service said: ‘We received a call last night around 22.00pm to a report of a fire at Beaverbrook Golf Club, Reigate Road, Leatherhead. ‘Eight fire engines have been sent in total, alongside some specialist crews. The first arrived at the scene around 22.10pm. ‘A fire had broken out, damaging the entirety of the building and its basement. ‘Crews remain at the scene.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.