Pictures show the devastation left behind in a Ukrainian city after Russian soldiers struck early this morning. A fire broke out and black smoke billowed through the air when one airstrike hit a shoe factory in Dnipro, in the east of the country. Two other airstrikes struck near nursery school and flat blocks, according to Interior Ministry adviser Anton Herashchenko. At least one person was killed around 6am in the district of Novokodatsky but the death toll remains unclear at the moment. Dnipro had not suffered a major attack since Vladimir Putin sent his troops in two weeks ago. A high-precision, long-range attack was also made on two military airfields in the Ukrainian cities of Lutsk and Ivano-Frankivsk overnight. Both were taken out of action, Russian news agencies quoted Russian Defence Ministry spokesman Igor Konashenkov as claiming on Friday. A nuclear disaster was narrowly avoided in another part of the country when a blaze broke out at a lab containing a reactor and radioactive materials. The government accused Kremlin troops of shelling the Kharkiv Institute of Physics and Technology, despite being aware it contains an atomic facility. Ukraine’s state regulator for atomic sites said last night the situation was under control but claimed Russia had committed an ‘act of nuclear terrorism’. Kyiv is bracing for an onslaught after a 40-mile convoy of vehicles, tanks and artillery split up and fanned out into towns and forests nearby. New satellite photos from Maxar Technologies appear to show artillery pieces raised into firing positions in a potentially ominous movement of the Russian military. Kyiv mayor Vitali Klitschko said the capital has become practically a fortress protected by armed civilians. ‘Every street, every house… is being fortified’, he said. ‘Even people who in their lives never intended to change their clothes, now they are in uniform with machine guns in their hands.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.