Disgraced Prince Andrew will attend his dad’s memorial service next week for what could be his final official public appearance as a royal. The Duke of York is reportedly determined to honour Prince Philip, who died last year – despite fears media reports may be dominated by his presence. Royal sources told MailOnline they believe Andrew, 62, will ‘disappear from public life’ after next week’s event. It comes after two weeks ago the Duke of York finally settled the long-running rape case against him by paying millions to his American accuser Virginia Giuffre. Andrew, who has always denied the allegations, is thought to have paid up to £12 million after the case was brought against him in a US civil court. Ms Giuffre alleged she was made to have sex with Andrew three times when she was just 17, and while she was the victim of a trafficking ring orchestrated by billionaire paedophile Jeffry Epstein and his girlfriend Ghislaine Maxwell. There was widespread speculation the public might be footing part of the astronomical bill – but the Treasury confirmed ‘no public money has been used’ in response to a Freedom of Information request. Andrew’s spokesperson confirmed his attendance, and it will be the first time he will be seen at an official event since the conclusion of the case. Prince Philip’s grandson Prince Harry, who lives in the US, has already confirmed he will not be attending. The Queen arranged the service of thanksgiving to remember her late husband, which will take place at Westminster Abbey next Tuesday. Buckingham Palace is reportedly planning a ‘military-style’ operation to stop the Queen from looking frail at the service. She continues to scale back her diary and dropped out of the Commonwealth Day service after recently battling Covid and a range of health issues, including trouble with her mobility. She is said to be using a wheelchair and there are fears she may struggle at her Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. Prince Andrew, who was forced to step down from royal duties and was stripped of his titles following the allegations, is expected to have to meet many of the organisations he was formerly associated with at the service next week. The civil case against him will formally come to an end once the judge signs the order. Andrew has faced repeated calls to confirm how he funded the settlement, and to reveal whether the Queen or Prince Charles helped him. The duke will make a ‘substantial donation’ to a charity of sex abuse victims set up by Ms Giuffre, who is now 38 and has three children. He claims he has no recollection of ever meeting her. Andrew, who has mostly stayed out of the public eye since paying the settlement, was seen yesterday smiling and laughing as he went out riding at Windsor Great Park. He has also been spotted in recent weeks driving his Range Rover in Windsor while wearing white Apple airpods. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.