James Argent was all smiles as he chatted with fans on a sunny day out in Essex. However, the Towie star, 34, has been on quite the journey with his health lately. James shed 13 stone following life-saving gastric band surgery, but revealed he has now lost ‘too much weight.’ As he enjoyed a day out in his home county, the reality star cut a casual figure in black joggers, trainers and a graphic tee. The TV icon – known as Arg – was more than happy to meet fans and pose for photos, surely making their day. James has been prioritising his health and fitness lately, after reaching almost 27 stone during lockdown. He’s been sharing his weight loss journey with fans online after undergoing his £10,000 gastric band procedure last year, offering an insight into the recovery process. James has remained optimistic throughout as his weight has gradually dropped when he was previously warned to ‘lose weight or die.’ Sharing his pride in his new appearance with The Sun, he said: ‘This is the first time in my life that I like the way I look too – I don’t feel ugly anymore – I’m content and happy with my appearance.’ However, James has now ‘lost a little bit too much weight’ and has been told to ‘put on half a stone.’ ‘Everyone thinks it’s hilarious, we didn’t think we’d ever be in this situation but it’s one thing or another with me – that’s just me,’ he said. At his heaviest, James was 26 stone 13Ib, but getting healthy is a long road. In February, the TV personality candidly revealed that he had a relapse and had started to drink alcohol again on a night out. After two years of sobriety, paramedics were called to James’ home after he began drinking again. Following the incident, James appeared on Loose Women, where he shared that loneliness and changing his relationship with food had caused the setback. The star said that he’s naturally an ‘extrovert’ and admitted that spending long periods of time all alone can be tough, despite the fact he’s purchased his ‘dream home’ in Essex. He said: ‘I managed to do it but it’s a family home, and I’m in there in this beautiful house all alone. No girlfriend, no one to live with me.’ ‘I love company, I love entertaining and I love being entertained,’ he said. ‘A lot of people’s chaos can be from being out all the time… my chaos starts when I’m indoors, alone, bored, lonely. Too much time on my hands.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears almost got boob job after her breasts ‘shrunk’ due to recent weight loss MORE : Kylie Jenner praised for ‘raw and refreshing’ picture of post-baby body: ‘Something I didn’t know I needed’ 