Susanna Reid has revealed she has seriously considered welcoming a Ukrainian refugee into her home but doesn’t have enough room to host more than one person. The Good Morning Britain presenter announced her predicament on Monday’s episode after she reported that people in the UK will soon be able to register their interest in sponsoring Ukrainians through the Government’s new humanitarian scheme from today. ‘I put a lot of thought into it and I thought in my circumstances, I can probably house a teenage young man… but he would be with his family,’ Susanna said on the programme. ‘I don’t have the room, I’ve got the finances, but I don’t have the room to house a whole family and you don’t want to split up parents from their children.’ Susanna pointed out that men over the age of 18 would still be in Ukraine, fighting against the Russians. Andrew Pierce, who also joined the programme, held his hands up and admitted that he won’t be housing any refugees because ‘it doesn’t work’ for him. ‘If you think about the Afghan people we got out after the fall of Kabul, they’re in hotels still,’ he said. ‘So, it’s much more expensive for the taxpayer so this is a cheaper option [Britons housing refugees] and it sounds tremendous on paper, but if I’m honest, I ain’t doing it.’ British households who host Ukrainians fleeing Russia’s invasion will be paid £350 per month by the Government. The Homes for Ukraine scheme will initially allow people to sponsor individuals or families to stay with them, or to offer another home for them to live rent-free. Earlier on Sunday, it was disclosed that more than 3,000 visas had been issued to Ukrainians seeking refuge in the UK, with ‘tens of thousands’ potentially set to benefit from the new humanitarian scheme. Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove also announced that local authority areas would be entitled to more than £10,000 per Ukrainian refugee using the fresh route to the UK. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 