Russian rapper Oxxxymiron has announced a series of anti-war concerts to raise money for Ukrainian refugees displaced by the conflict. Oxxxymiron, real name Miron Yanovich Fyodorov, took to social media to share details of his upcoming shows denouncing Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. He told his followers: ‘What’s up everyone, once again this is Oxxxymiron. Today my nose is red from the cold, I’m cheerful but very angry. I’m angry because s**t’s still f**ked up, because the war in Ukraine has been going on longer than two weeks. ‘And yet there are tens of millions of Russians who categorically disagree with this war and I think this should be said as loudly as possible. And so I am announcing a series of my charity concerts called Russians Against War, RAW for short.’ Oxxxymiron added: ‘Right now it’s impossible to organise an anti-war concert in Russia, because, as insane as it may sound, everything anti-war is illegal these days, total censorship has been implemented, and anyone who speaks out against the war in any way becomes a potential target for criminal prosecution. ‘Therefore I will play the first of these concerts on the 15th of March in Istanbul, Turkey, where the is currently a great number of Russians. There will also be a live stream of the show on YouTube, Instagram and Twitch. ‘This war has already turned into a humanitarian catastrophe, residential areas are being bombed and there are already over two million refugees. Me and my team obviously want to help and the least we can do is give 100 percent of the proceeds to refugees in need who are leaving Ukraine and crossing the Polish border as we speak.’ He encouraged fans to also donate via YouTube and Twitch on the night, adding: ‘If you are against this war, against the war in Ukraine and against repressions in Russia, then come to Twitch and the other streams, come to the show. See you there, peace!’ The rapper had also previously pulled a series of planned gigs in Russia in Moscow and St. Petersburg, saying he was making a stand for those who are against the war. In his speech on Instagram, which was translated by The New York Times, he said: ‘I know that most people in Russia are against this war, and I am confident that the more people would talk about their real attitude to it, the faster we can stop this horror. ’I cannot entertain you when Russian missiles are falling on Ukraine. When residents of Kyiv are forced to hide in basements and in the metro, while people are dying.’ Oxxxymiron’s Russians Against War concert will start a 9.30pm local time in Istanbul, Turkey, at the club ‘Kadıköy Sahne’. Tickets are available from http://biletix.com or at the club box office, more information can be found on Oxxxymiron’s Instagram and YouTube as well as at http://r-a-w.live Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Russian rapper Oxxxymiron cancels gigs as he takes stand against Ukraine invasion MORE : Katy Perry wins appeal in Dark Horse plagiarism case after ‘travesty of justice’ 