The BBC’s Lyse Doucet has introduced people to members of her ‘great’ team in Kyiv who work tirelessly behind the cameras on the broadcaster’s reporting from the Ukrainian warzone. The chief international correspondent has been reporting from Ukraine since Russia’s invasion began on February 24, often appearing on camera with anchor Clive Myrie to share the latest updates from the country. Their initial coverage in Ukraine shook viewers as the pair donned flak jackets for the first time after their report from a rooftop in Kyiv was disrupted by an air-raid siren, and the journalists have since relied on underground shelter during intense moments of the ongoing assault via missiles and shelling. On Thursday night, Lyse shared a photo of some of the people working with her in the Ukrainian capital as she praised them for making ‘all the difference’ and drew attention to the importance of their roles. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Proving the range of expertise required to provide updated coverage from the country, the picture included two broadcast engineers, a cameraman, a news producer and a picture correspondent, who stood behind the camera in their press flak jackets, smiling. Lyse captioned the photo: ‘OUR TEAM – these are some of the great people behind the cameras in #Kyiv who make all the difference. Huge thanks to @dishmaster28 Robbie Wright @4nnchor @DeeMcIlveen & James White . #Ukraine.’ The veteran journalist’s comments were overrun with gratitude for the team as her followers thanked them for their hard work, with one branding them ‘heroes’. Another wrote: ‘Amazing to see you all in one photo like this. You are all so important, even those we don’t see regularly.’ ‘Thank you for showing us your team behind the camera,’ posted one follower. ‘Great bravery from all of you to deliver outstanding reports. Hoping for you all to stay safe out there.’ Lyse then provided further insight into the nature of reporting from a warzone when she shared a photo on Friday morning of the BBC’s Kyiv correspondent James Waterhouse broadcasting from the basement. ‘A calm voice in #Kyiv as an ugly war intensifies. Colleague @JamWaterhouse broadcasting from the basement. #Ukraine,’ she posted. It’s now being reported that more than one million people have been forced to leave their homes behind since war began in Ukraine, which amounts to more than 2% of the entire population. Kharkiv has borne the brunt of shelling in recent days, and according to local media three schools and the cathedral were hit by rocket strikes overnight on Thursday. Meanwhile, the assault on Kyiv also continued, with several loud explosions reported overnight and Russian bombs striking a radio and television centre in the city, state media has said. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Emmy Awards latest to take stance over Ukraine conflict as all Russian submissions blocked for 2022 MORE : BBC ‘blocked in Russia’ after being criticised by Kremlin for coverage of Ukraine conflict 