Scientists have discovered what they believe to be the most boring person in the world. If you live in a small town, you’re an accountant who likes watching TV, we’re afraid you’re at risk of being a snooze-inspiring bore. Religion, bird watching and smoking are now seen as the dullest hobbies while working in data analysis, cleaning and banking are also signs you might not be very interesting. Dr Wijnand Van Tilburg, who led the study, said boring people are generally disliked and avoided by others. He said: ‘The irony is, studying boredom is actually very interesting and has many real-life impacts. ‘This paper shows how persuasive perceptions of boredom are and what an impact this can have on people. ‘Perceptions can change but people may not take time to speak to those with “boring” jobs and hobbies, instead choosing to avoid them. ‘They don’t get a chance to prove people wrong and break these negative stereotypes. ‘The very fact that people choose to avoid them can lead to social ostracisation and increase loneliness leading to a really negative impact on their lives.’ The study, carried out by the department of Psychology, also revealed being perceived as boring means people are also likely to be viewed as having low competence and lack interpersonal warmth. Sadly the knock-on effect is that those judged to be boring may be at greater risk of harm, addiction and mental health issues. Dr Van Tilburg said: ‘It was interesting to me to see the study showed that boring people were not seen as competent. ‘I would have thought that accountants would be seen as boring, but effective and the perfect person to do a good job on your tax return. ‘The truth of the matter is people like bankers and accountants are highly capable and have power in society – perhaps we should try not to upset them and stereotype them as boring,’ Dr Van Tilburg added. The peer reviewed paper has been published in the Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin. Most boring jobs: Five most exciting jobs