Train disruption is set to return tomorrow, when conductors on TransPennine Express (TPE) services stage an all-day walkout following a pay dispute. Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union have announced the action in response to ‘profiteering’ by TPE, which provides rail services in Scotland and the North of England. This weekend’s strike is the fourth consecutive walkout by workers, with further trade union action scheduled to take place up until June 5. RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said: ‘If you want to see an example of gross injustice, compare the treatment of essential key workers on the railways with the frankly revolting profiteering from the owners of TransPennine Express. ‘Our members kept the railways running through the pandemic and have watched their wages eaten away by inflation. ‘Managers intone piously about disruption to passengers, but their companies are leeching millions out of our railways with the connivance of a callous government.’ However TPE said the strike will cause ‘signification disruption’ to services, with a ‘very limited’ number of trains running on an amended timetable. Passengers have been urged not to travel on ‘the majority’ of its routes and to only plan journeys if necessary, with TPE warning services ‘may be subject to short notice changes’. Kathryn O’Brien, customer experience director at TransPennine Express, said: ‘We are urging our customers to once again plan ahead and consider whether their journey is absolutely necessary with a fourth day of strike action planned to affect our services on Sunday. ‘We are saddened and extremely disappointed that the RMT has now announced further strike dates in spring and into summer that will cause further, extended disruption to customers across our communities. ‘The RMT strikes come at a time when people are, once again, being encouraged to return to workplaces and leisure destinations, with rail identified as one of the key modes of transport to facilitate this. ‘By curtailing our ability to operate services, the union is not only affecting customers’ travel options, but also negatively impacting business across the North and into Scotland.’ The walkout by TransPennine Express workers will take place just days after separate strikes by RMT members working on the London Underground. The action by Tube staff occurred on Tuesday and Thursday, as Mr Lynch criticised what he called a ‘turf war’ between Sadiq Khan’s City Hall and the Government over Transport for London’s finances. Commuters continued to experience issues today, with services still largely suspended following yesterday’s strike action. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps slammed the strikes in a Twitter post on Thursday, writing that they had ‘brought London to a standstill’. He added: ‘Given the government has provided almost £5 billion to protect services and TfL jobs throughout the pandemic, this is no way to repay hard-pressed taxpayers who are simply trying to get to work and home.’ The week of disruption also coincided with the largest fare increase since 2013, with an average price rise of 3.8% across England and Wales, and a jump of 4.8% in London. Rail minister Chris Heaton-Harris said in December last year that the cap was a ‘fair balance’ so the Government could ‘continue to invest record amounts into a more modern, reliable railway, ease the burden on taxpayers and protect passengers from the highest RPI in years’. Meanwhile Paul Tuohy of the Campaign for Better Transport said the increase ‘couldn’t come at a worse time’. He said: ‘Higher fares and crowded trains as a result of service reductions aren’t very appealing, and risks people working from home more or driving into work instead, further adding to congestion and air pollution.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.