Rebel Wilson absolutely slayed on the red carpet ahead of her hosting gig at the Baftas. The Pitch perfect actress, 42, was all smiles as she rocked up to the Royal Albert Hall, alongside a string of other famous faces. She stunned in a sleeveless layered black net gown, with sparkly blue and lace panels. If that wasn’t glittery enough, she completed the stunning look with a black clutch bag and diamond earrings. Appearing on stage later in the evening – after a quick costume change into a sequinned red dress – she made reference to her recent weight loss, after dropping around five-and-a-half stone. ‘I might look a bit different from the last time you saw me here,’ she began her opening speech. Referring to a picture of her at the 2020 ceremony that appeared on screen, she quipped: ‘That was me two years ago and since then I’ve done quite a transformation – I hope JK Rowling still approves. ‘Everyone is asking me, why did you lose weight? Clearly it was to get the attention of Robert Pattinson. ‘I didn’t lose weight just to get a guy, I did it to get more acting roles. ‘Now I can play the non-funny love interest in an Adam Sandler film.’ Rebel also joked that she would be taking over from Daniel Craig as the next James Bond, after he bowed out of the role following No Time To Die. To be fair, we would totally be down for that. ‘Hold on to your martinis because the Broccolis have let me announce it here and now, this is a scoop,’ she added. ‘I’m proud to announce that the new James Bond will be me! Oh my god, yes!’ ‘I don’t want people going crazy because there will be a female James Bond, it’s not going to change things that much,’ she added. ‘Here’s my pitch for the new Bond film – Bond goes to Australia and it can be called Die And G’day. ‘And because of the gender pay gap I actually won’t be 007, I’ll be 004.5.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Millie Bobby Brown and boyfriend Jake Bongiovi look super-glam as they make red carpet debut at Baftas MORE : Baftas disrupted by Just Stop Oil campaigners staging noisy red carpet protest 