Antonio Conte believes finishing in fourth place this season is Tottenham’s version of winning the Premier League title. Spurs boosted their chances of securing a place in next season’s Champions League with an impressive 5-0 victory over Everton on Monday evening. Conte’s side currently sit seventh in the table, three points behind fourth-placed Arsenal who have played one game fewer. Spurs face Manchester United in their next Premier League fixture and have the chance to take points off their fellow top-four rivals. And Conte believes his ‘more complete’ squad are well-equipped to compete in the race for fourth place. ‘They’re a really strong team, a team that in my opinion, a squad that is ready to fight for the Premier League and every competition that they play in. It will be a real challenge for us and I want to see the answer, the answer about my players and also myself,’ Conte said after Spurs’ win over Everton. ‘Now we have 12 games to play until the end of the season. I listen and you ask me in every press conference about the top-four race. ‘I said to my players that it’s right to take responsibility about this because I think that from when I arrived to now we are stronger. ‘In January, two players made us more complete. I think that we can fight. We can fight for this target. It’s important to have this ambition and it’s not right to hide our ambition and ok we’ll see what happens. ‘We’ll try to do everything and at the end we’ll see what happens. Now we have only 12 games to play, not a trophy to play for. For this reason it’s right to take the responsibility, me, myself, I have to be the first. ‘You know I don’t like to speak about ambition and reaching a place in the Champions League because I like to play to win the league and win trophies, but in this situation this could be our Champions League, our Premier League title if we are able to reach fourth place.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 