The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were all smiles as they touched down in Belize yesterday to kick-start their weeklong Caribbean tour. Kate wore a royal blue outfit by designer Jenny Packham and William opted for a light-blue coloured suit as they arrived on a RAF Voyager jet. It is the couple’s first foreign trip together since the start of the pandemic and is being made on behalf of the Queen to mark her Platinum Jubilee this year. They will also visit Jamaica and the Bahamas on their tour, seen as an attempt to boost support for the Royal Family and to dissuade other Commonwealth nations from following Barbados in becoming a republic. Their journey didn’t get off to the best start, amid a row over indigenous rights involving one of Prince William’s charities. They were forced to pull out of a planned visit to the Mayan village at the last minute after locals staged a protest, describing the visit as ‘colonialism’ and a ‘slap in the face’. The duke and duchess had planned to visit the  Akte’iL Ha cacao farm in the foothills of the Maya mountains to learn about sustainable farming. But the indigenous Q’eqchi Maya people say they were not consulted about William and Kate’s visit to Indian Creek – home to fewer than 1,000 people. They were outraged that permission had been given for a helicopter to land in their football field without them being asked about it. The village is in a row with Flora and Fauna International (FFI), a charity of which William is a patron, which owns an adjoining, contested property. The charity, which works to protect ecosystems worldwide, has had a long line of royal patrons, stretching back to George VI. Locals are angry about 12,000 acres of land that agents working for FFI have told them is ‘private property’ and not for communal use. Indian Creek village chairman Sebastian Shol said: ‘We don’t want them to land on our land, that’s the message that we want to send. They could land anywhere but not on our land.’ Village youth leader Dionisio Shol said the issue of ‘colonialism’ had been highlighted by the way William and Kate’s trip was planned. He said: ‘For us it really hits right at home because of the treatment. The organiser said we had to let them use the football field and that people were coming to our village and it had to look good. ‘But they didn’t want to divulge who. Eventually somebody said it was Prince William coming to our village. That’s where the first issue arose. ‘These are high-profile people, we respect them, but they also have to be giving respect to the community leaders. Giving community leaders commands did not sit well with the community.’ The police refused to allow them to protest during the planned visit today because of security concerns. So villagers staged a demonstration on Friday, holding banners reading ‘Prince William leave our land’ and ‘Colonial legacy of theft continues with Prince and FFI’. While their issue is with the charity, itself, Dionisio said locals believed William still had to take some responsibility as a patron. FFI is said to have bought the disputed land in December last year in order to use it for conservation and to protect it from bidders who wanted to use it for agriculture. A spokesman said: ‘FFI will conserve and protect the extraordinary wildlife of Boden Creek, while supporting the livelihoods and traditional rights of local people. ‘Nature protection has to go hand in hand with people’s right to secure their livelihoods and to preserve their traditional and human rights.’ In a statement to the Mail the Government of Belize said: ‘Indian Creek was one of several sites being considered. ‘Due to issues in the village, the Government of Belize activated its contingency planning and another venue has been selected to showcase Maya family entrepreneurship in the cacao industry.’ William and Kate spent around an hour chatting with Prime Minister Johnny Briceno and his wife Rosanna after arriving yesterday for the start of their eight-day trip. The couple looked relaxed after their 11-hour long-haul trip from the UK and were welcomed by Belize’s Governor General Froya Tzalam as they stepped from the Voyager ministerial jet. Their cancelled trip to Indian Creek will be replaced with a similar visit that will see the couple tour a chocolate producer today and later travel to the cultural centre of the Garifuna community in Hopkins. This beachfront village is known for its welcoming nature and will greet the couple with a demonstration of Garifuna culture. Acknowledging Belize’s world-famous marine environment, the Cambridges will also spend time learning from conservation specialists about marine protection and the restoration efforts of Belize’s precious barrier reef. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.