Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp hit out at the lack of protection afforded to his star forwards following his side’s 2-0 win over Arsenal last night. The Reds extended their winning streak to nine after second half goals from Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino underlined their title credentials as they pulled to within a point of champions Manchester City. Liverpool made light of Mohamed Salah’s absence – the Egypt international started on the bench after he picked up a minor injury at Brighton last weekend – and eased to a comfortable win against opponents who had been in stellar form themselves.  Still, Klopp wasn’t entirely satisfied and was disappointed referee Andre Marriner penalised Sadio Mane for diving during the first-half when he went down under a challenge from Gabriel Magalhaes. ‘I am sick of the treatment for Sadio Mane,’ Klopp said afterwards. ‘Maybe someone can explain to me why he doesn’t get free-kicks. He is not a diver, I know him better than anyone. He is not! ‘Lack of protection? Whatever you want to make of it. I am sick of it, that’s why I was a bit angry.’ Klopp spoke before the game, at his pre-match press conference, and launched a similar defence of Salah, who did eventually come on a second half substitute against the Gunners. ‘There is a statistic that Mo is the one player with the least fouls against him,” he said Klopp at his pre-match press conference. ‘Not that he isn’t fouled. Just that they are not whistled against him. When you compare him to other strikers, it is absolutely crazy how low the number of fouls on him is for which the ref whistles. Madness. You have to ask the refs, I don’t know [why]. We constantly think he gets fouled and then he gets confronted with someone calling him a diver and it is an absolute shame. ‘We don’t get even close to the number of free kicks we should get. That is a fact. I cannot explain that. You must ask other people how that is possible. ‘That the guy who is constantly with the ball in and around the box, and there is no foul. Interesting. There are situations where there is a challenge. It is not as though he avoids them. I cannot explain it.’ MORE : Gary Neville makes ‘big statement’ on Liverpool after Arsenal win MORE : ‘He just smashed it!’ – Ian Wright critical over Martin Odegaard’s effort that could have changed the game for Arsenal against Liverpool For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 