The body of a six-year-old girl has been pulled from the ruins of a building shelled by Russian forces in Ukraine, authorities have said. It is thought the little girl died alone after her mum was killed in the blast which hit her home in the southeastern city of Mariupol. Reports of the child’s death have not been independently verified but it has been reported the girl died of dehydration. She has been named by the mayor of Mariupol and a Ukrainian MP as Tanya. Mariupol has come under heavy bombardment from Russian forces since Russian president Vladamir Putin decided to invade Ukraine. An estimated 200,000 people are believed to be trapped in the besieged city which is running low on water, food and medicine. Three attempts to evacuate civilians out of the port city via humanitarian corridors have so far failed after Russian troops broke ceasefires arranged to allow the rescue. The heavy bombardment has also prevented emergency services from reaching many places that have been attacked, Mariupol City Council has said. Vadym Boichenko, the mayor of Mariupol, said the little girl’s death was just one of many stories coming out of the city. ‘We cannot say how long our little, strong Mariupol citizen has been fighting for her life,’ he said in an online post. ‘We cannot imagine how much suffering an innocent child had to endure. ‘In the last minutes of her life she was alone, exhausted, frightened, terribly thirsty. ‘This is just one of many stories from Mariupol, which has been in the blockade for eight days.’ Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskiy has also commented on the girl’s death saying it was unacceptable that a child could die in such a way in the 21st century. ‘In 2022, from dehydration,’ he said in a video address, likening the humanitarian crisis in some Ukrainian cities to that created by the Nazi invasion during World War Two. Lesia Vasylenko, a Ukrainian MP, tweeted: ‘This child died of dehydration in Mariupol. ‘The city is blockaded for days now. 3 times Russia broke the promise of a humanitarian corridor, shooting missiles at civilians. ‘Her name is Tanya. She is 8. She lost her mother and was alone. 8 days with no food or water.’ As of Tuesday morning, the U.N. human rights office had recorded at least 406 civilians killed in Ukraine since Russia invaded on February 24, but it said the real figure was likely to be much higher. Moscow calls its actions in Ukraine a ‘special military operation’ designed to destroy its neighbour’s military capabilities and capture what it regards as dangerous nationalists. The Kremlin has denied targeting civilians despite mounting evidence of war crimes committed by its forces. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.