A teacher is being investigated over his decision to wear a figure-hugging morph suit to school for World Book Day. Martyn Tunstall, who works at at Broxburn Academy, West Lothian, was photographed wearing the costume in front of pupils on Thursday. The English teacher reportedly told pupils at the secondary school he was dressed up as Spider-Man. But the close-fitting costume left little to the imagination, and pupils and parents alike are said to have been shocked, with several making complaints to the school. Photos taken on the day allegedly show Mr Tunstall walking around a classroom in front of a class wearing the red suit with his face covered. Another image shows the teacher with the top of the suit unzipped, revealing his face. West Lothian Council confirmed on Monday it had launched an internal investigation into the incident. A spokesperson for the local authority said: ‘An issue at a lunchtime World Book Day event is currently being addressed internally.’ They refused to say whether Mr Tunstall is still working at the school or if he has been suspended pending an investigation. It didn’t take long for pictures of the outfit to make it to social media. One person said: ‘This is Broxburn HS, I had a wee guy in for a trim after school, absolutely traumatised.’ While another person commented: ‘In a nutshell, that’s effing horrendous.’ One person who tagged the school in a post on Saturday wrote: ‘Anyone else think this is an appropriate costume for World Book Day? Worn by a teacher at Broxburn Academy.’ Another said: ‘@broxburnacademy Is this considered acceptable attire for teachers at the academy? I’m sure many of your students’ parents would disagree.’ A video on the Broxburn Academy YouTube page in 2020 showed a teacher dressed in a red morph suit while sending a goodbye message to school leavers. Broxburn Academy’s deputy headteacher Kirstie Richmond declined to comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.