Always wanted to live in paradise while doing your bit for the planet? A new property listing on the island of Hawaii might pique your interest. The bamboo shack in question is currently on the market for £120,000 ($159,000) – having dropped down from £124,000 ($165,000). While the 100 sq ft hut is on the smaller side, it’s location in Naalehu is breathtaking – as it’s nestled amongst a grove of papaya, banana, avocado and aloe trees in the Ka’ū Forest Reserve. It’s also incredibly eco as it runs on renewable energy technology. The water catchment system will ensure the new owners are kept fresh with a fully-functioning shower, while the wind turbine can power up the lighting, radio and fridge. The property also features a balcony/terrace area – the perfect spot for watching sunrises and sunsets. But there’s a slight catch for anyone looking to get their hands on the dreamy eco shack. The kitchen and bathroom are both located outside – so you’ll have to pop to the sheltered bamboo set-up if you need the loo. But this does mean all the cooking can be done al fresco, amongst the beautiful surroundings. In terms of location, the property is a 30-minute drive to Hawaii Volcanoes National Park and a stone’s throw from a picturesque beach. So it’s a great choice for anyone looking for something remote and peaceful – but with more beauty spots a short distance away. The hut is on the market with estate agents eXp Realty – but we have a feeling it’ll be snapped up very soon. Elsewhere in the world of property, a magical Edinburgh flat is up for sale – and it’s a Potterhead’s dream home. Likewise, a three-bed house for sale in Lincoln has a surprise inside – an incredible pool. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Private island on sale for £5million – and it comes with its own hovercraft MORE : Ultra-modern home built on an old taxicab site in York on sale for £1.1million MORE : Tiny Italianate gatehouse with secret basement on sale for £225,000