In a year like 2022, we all needed something to lift our spirits. And that has come in the form of John Travolta presenting at the Oscars eight years after the iconic ‘Adele Dazeem’ disaster. The Grease star is set to join the list of presenters, alongside Mila Kunis and Wesley Snipes, as the biggest night in film returns to the Dolby Theatre this year. Safe to say, fans are eagerly awaiting to see if ‘Adele Dazeem’ will make an appearance. For the uninitiated – John inadvertently made Oscars history in 2014 when he attempted to introduce Idina Menzel singing the Frozen hit Let It Go. Instead, he declared that ‘the wickedly talented, one and only, Adele Dazeem,’ would be taking to the stage, and promptly sent the world of showbiz into a tailspin. Reacting to John returning to the Oscars stage for the first time since 2015, one fan wrote: ‘Can’t wait for adele dazeem to present again.’ ‘Adele Dazeem is the Oscar winner we all need this year. We’ve earned this,’ another said. One more added: ‘Keep #travolta away from Adele Dazeem…’ John could very well mention the iconic moment, after he and Idina appeared together at the 2015 awards to laugh about it. The Frozen actress got her revenge that year, welcoming John as ‘my very dear friend, Glom Gazingo.’ John, Wesley and Mila will join stars including Daniel Kaluuya, who won last year’s best supporting actor award, Naomi Scott and Lupita Nyong’o. Zoe Kravitz, Lady Gaga, Lily James, Uma Thurman and Rami Malek, as well as Ruth E Carter, Kevin Costner, Chris Rock, John Leguizamo, Rosie Perez and Simu Liu will also be presenting awards. Sir Anthony Hopkins, who won best actor, and Yuh-jung Youn, who was best supporting actress at the 93rd awards last year, will also join the line-up. Amy Schumer, Regina Hall and Wanda Sykes will host this year’s event. In a statement, show producer Will Packer said: ‘This year’s show is all about uniting movie lovers. It’s apropos that we’ve lined up three of the most dynamic, hilarious women with very different comedic styles. ‘I know the fun Regina, Amy and Wanda will be having will translate to our audience as well. Many surprises in store! Expect the unexpected!’ The trio added in a joint statement: ‘We want people to get ready to have a good time. It’s been a while.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Saturday Night Fever star Val Bisoglio, who played John Travolta’s dad, dies aged 95 MORE : John Travolta pays sweet birthday tribute to late wife Kelly Preston: ‘We miss and love you very much’ 