Contingency plans must be made in case Vladimir Putin launches a nuclear attack on the UK, a Cambridge academic has warned. Nuclear war is unlikely as a result of the Ukraine crisis, Paul Ingram, who works as a researcher at the university’s Centre for the Study of Existential Risk, admits. But he claims the chance of such an escalation has increased to one-in-80 – and believes government officials are likely ‘dusting off some of the Cold War plans from the past’. Speaking to The Telegraph, Mr Ingram said: ‘It does look like government departments across the piece need to plan quite urgently what each of them would do in this sort of scenario.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live It comes as President Volodymyr Zelensky slams Nato for refusing to impose a no-fly zone over Ukraine, as Russia breaks a ceasefire to bomb innocent civilians. The alliance has insisted such a move could spark World War III – a conflict the Kremlin’s foreign minister Sergei Lavrov threatened would be ‘nuclear and destructive’. Sunlight would be partially blocked for years due to smoke and soot in the atmosphere if a nuclear bomb was dropped, Mr Ingram has said. Government departments ‘would need to consider key services like food, shelter, drinking water and energy and telecommunications’. ‘We need to be thinking about if there was radiation, and if there was less sunlight. What are the best crops to be growing?’, the researcher added. ‘How can we ensure that seed banks are fully stocked with the seed that we would need?’ Seaweed and insects could be feasible food sources, The Alliance to Feed the Earth in Disasters, which identifies resilient food solutions in the case of disaster, has previously said. Seaweed grows in low light, while insects are full of protein and ‘are more resilient to radiation’. Survivors could also turn indigestible plant matter into edible material by processing it in a paper mill and mixing the pulp with enzymes that will produce sugar, Allfed has said. However, more typical foods like potatoes, canola and sugar beet may still be able to be grown. Russia’s nuclear deterrent forces have been put on high alert after Putin gave the order to his military last week. But Boris Johnson says this is a ‘distraction’ technique to draw attention away from military struggles and slow progress in Ukraine. A Government spokesman reiterated that ‘Russia’s actions are an attempt to distract from the reality of what is going on in Ukraine’. He added: ’What we are seeing is innocent people facing a totally unprovoked act of aggression against them, and in response they’re fighting back with a far greater level of resistance than the Kremlin had bargained for.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.