Though the entire modern sports industry remains a male dominated environment, few individual sports have historically been more inaccessible to women than motorsport. This is a field where immense corporate and individual wealth have combined with decades’ worth of brand power to form an insular, protective structure in which those on the inside have been able to prosper, while those on the outside — people without a big pot of money, or who aren’t white, or who aren’t male — have too often been considered an irrelevance. In its entire 72-year history, only two women have ever driven in a Formula 1 grand prix. The last was the pioneer Lella Lombardi, the Italian who competed in 12 races between 1974 and 1976 for teams including Williams. Now, Britain’s Jamie Chadwick is aiming to end the 46-year wait for a woman to sit behind the wheel of a car on the starting grid at the very top level of racing. The 23-year-old from Bath is the most prominent woman in world motorsport, thanks to the strong results she has earned in the early stages of her career and the sheer speed she has demonstrated across multiple categories. Chadwick is about to embark on her third season in W Series, an all-female racing championship launched in 2019 which aims to ensure more women are able to make professional careers out of motor racing. That overriding aim means that, in conjunction with the heated rivalry that understandably comes with battling for the championship on track, the athletes competing in W Series feel they share a common goal to help one another improve and make overall progress for women in motorsport too. Chadwick has won the title in both of W Series’ first two campaigns. ‘One of the nicest things about W Series is the camaraderie between everyone,’ Chadwick told Metro.co.uk. ‘Everyone expects us not to get on [because we are rivals] but we really, genuinely do. The big reason in my opinion is that we’ve all been through such a similar experience in the sport individually. We can share those experiences with each other and push each other to bring one another on, and hopefully leave the sport in a better place for the next generation coming through.’ Given her status in the sport, Chadwick has to be able to simultaneously manage her own career, performances, and fitness, while dealing with the additional responsibility of being the focal point for female progress in the industry. ‘I always say I’m quite focused on what I want to achieve irrespective of [gender],’ Chadwick says. ‘But at the same time it’s nice to be able to try and pave the way in some way. If I can try and prepare the sport to be in a better place for female talent in future that’s something I’m quite proud to do. I want to focus on myself but naturally, if [being a female racing driver] comes with some extra pressure that’s fine. I just try and do the best job I can.’ That added pressure on Chadwick is itself inherently unfair. No male athlete ever has to combine performing to the best of his ability with feeling the responsibility of fighting for a better future on behalf of other men, and they certainly don’t have to answer questions about their gender and its implications for their career on a regular basis. But there could be no better figurehead for women in motorsport than Chadwick, whose mix of rip-roaring talent and strong desire to help enact change makes her an ideal candidate to bust outdated gender cliches in racing. ‘There is definitely the feeling that you are never assumed to be fast straight out of the box,’ Chadwick explains. ‘You have to prove your worth quite a lot because every time you step in the car it’s not expected that you’re a fast woman. Changing that stereotype is something I’m trying to do the best I can with.’ The W Series was criticised by some at its inception for fencing women off and implying that they were unable to compete with men. But the championship has been an enormous success so far, and its races now take place all around the world as designated support events for Formula 1 grand prixs at its circuits. Chadwick aims to race in F1 eventually, and has amassed enough FIA super licence points to be able to take part in Friday practice sessions in future. She has been a development driver with the Williams team since 2019, who have a strong history of supporting women in F1, including former team principal Claire Williams and ex-test driver Suzie Wolff. ‘Williams have been amazing,’ Chadwick explains. ‘I joined when Claire was at the helm, and I looked up to her massively and was so supported by her in my first meetings and initial partnership. That made a big difference, and Suzie is another person I look up to a lot, and lean on quite often for advice. It definitely helped me having those kind of role models growing up, but I’m hoping now going forward we can have more female figureheads and powerhouses at the top of the sport.’ That desire to see things change on a more profound level than just the on-track action is especially pertinent. As much as top level racing grids are still dominated by men, so are motorsport’s garages, workshops and wind tunnels. Part of the reason for that is that in wider society science and mathematics are still perceived as male domains. In the UK, only 13 percent of the STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) workforce is female, while just 15 percent of engineering graduates are women. In 2019 the FIA estimated that there were 1.5million jobs in motorsport worldwide, and a total of $190billion dollars was generated by the industry. ‘The sport is such a huge industry and there are so many employment opportunities throughout it,’ she says. ‘If we can encourage more women to get involved everywhere then that’s really important. We’re starting to see more and more of it in W Series, having more female mechanics, engineers, and in the PR department. I think it does make a big difference and breaking that bias, improving the split, is only going to encourage more and more female talent to come through and join the sport [in some capacity].’ And therein lies the duality of Chadwick’s career. The further she rises up the motorsport ladder, the more glory she will rightly earn for herself. But as she becomes more successful, visible, and publicly prominent, the stronger the influence she has will grow too, not just on precociously talented little girls around the world who want to race against the very best when they grow up, but on every woman who wants to enter and thrive in a professional arena that would once have been entirely closed off to them. That level of power and responsibility could weigh heavily on the shoulders of some athletes, but not one as formidable and downright quick as Jamie Chadwick, who will change things for the better whether or not she realises her F1 dream. Toto Wolff accuses Red Bull of manipulating Masi to secure F1 title for Verstappen Nikita Mazepin: Six F1 drivers who could join Haas after Russian’s sacking For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 