Liverpool were beaten 1-0 by Inter Milan at Anfield on Tuesday night, but progress to the quarter-finals of the Champions League 2-1 on aggregate. The Reds had plenty of chances to score against the Italians in the home leg, but squandered them all, hitting the woodwork three times. It looked like Inter could make them pay for it when Lautaro Martinez scored with a superb strike an hour into the game, sending nervous shockwaves around the ground. However, Alexis Sanchez really cost his side just two minutes later when he received a second booking for a lunge on Fabinho having produced one on Thiago Alcantara in the first half. From there on it was Liverpool that looked the more likely to score rather than Inter as they did well to control the game until the final whistle. It was goalless at half time but it was an entertaining first period nevertheless, with the game played at a lively pace from the off. Liverpool had the best chances of the first stanza, although they all fell to members of their back four. Half an hour in, Trent Alexander-Arnold whipped in a free kick from the left and Joel Matip thundered a header off the bar. There was a corner immediately after which Virgil van Dijk got to, but his header was blocked by Milan Skriniar. Hakan Calhanoglu produced the bright spark of Inter’s first half with a cross-come-shot from a free-kick on 41 mins, pushed away sharply by Alisson Becker. It was another Liverpool defender with an effort just before the whistle, though, as Alexander-Arnold curled a direct free-kick from 25 yards out, just wide of Samir Handanovic’s right-hand post. The second half was even brighter than the first and again Liverpool hit the woodwork, with Mohamed Salah spurning a great chance just a few minutes into the half, but dragging his shot onto the post. Inter made him pay just after the hour mark as Lautaro Martinez broke the deadlock in serious style, hammering an effort into the top corner from outside the box. There was nice link-up play to find the Argentine and Van Dijk, for once, stood off, allowing the shot, which Martinez hit with the outside of his boot and saw it fly past Alisson into the top bag. Inter had the momentum, but they relinquished it just two minutes later when Alexis Sanchez was shown a second yellow card. The former Manchester United and Arsenal man had been booked in the first half for a dreadful, high challenge on Thiago Alcantara and got a second yellow for a less offensive, but still poor lunge on Fabinho – getting the ball but catching the Brazilian with the follow through. Inter coach Massimiliano Farris was also shown a red card for his reaction to the decision and Liverpool were able to regain control, with Jurgen Klopp bringing on Jordan Henderson and Naby Keita to steady the ship. The Reds were controlling things nicely and looked the more likely side to score, with Salah again hitting the post with 15 minutes to go. The usually precise finished latched onto a Sadio Mane ball over the defence but found the post with his effort, which was a very difficult one, in fairness. Substitute Luis Diaz had a great chance to score as well, but Arturo Vidal produced a great block in stoppage time to maintain Inter’s clean sheet. It had been a scare for the Reds, but in truth, after Sanchez saw red, they were not really troubled. MORE : When is the Champions League quarter-final draw and how to watch it? MORE : ‘I can’t believe that’ – Michael Owen stunned by Liverpool’s Champions League chances For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 