The UK has sanctioned 386 Russian politicians who supported Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. Those affected face a ban on travel to the UK and holding assets here, the foreign office said. It means more than 500 people have been sanctioned now as a result of Russia’s war in Ukraine. The government has also introduced new powers to detain Russian aircraft in the UK and ban the export of aviation items. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said: ‘We’re targeting those complicit in Putin’s illegal invasion of Ukraine and those who support this barbaric war. ‘We will not let up the pressure and will continue to tighten the screw on the Russian economy through sanctions. ‘Together with our allies, we stand firmly beside our Ukrainian friends. ‘We will continue to support Ukraine with humanitarian aid, defensive weapons and diplomatic work to isolate Russia internationally.’ The latest action comes after seven Russian oligarchs were hit with sanctions by the UK government on Thursday, including Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich. The US and other nations were also poised on Friday to announce the revocation of Russia’s ‘most favoured nation’ trade status, which would allow tariffs to be imposed on Russian imports. Nato has stepped up efforts to isolate Russia, particularly after a deadly airstrike on a maternity hospital in the port city of Mariupol that Western and Ukrainian officials decried as a war crime. The measures have already dealt a severe blow to the Russian economy, causing the rouble to plunge, foreign businesses to flee and prices to rise sharply. Unbowed by the sanctions, Putin’s forces have continued to use airpower and artillery to pummel Ukraine’s cities, with capital Kyiv bracing for an onslaught. Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky has told Russian leaders that the invasion will backfire on them as their economy is strangled. ‘You will definitely be prosecuted for complicity in war crimes,’ he said in a defiant  late night video address, warning that ‘you will be hated by Russian citizens’. Mr Putin dismissed such talk, saying the country has endured sanctions before. ‘We will overcome them,’ he said at a televised meeting of government officials. He did, however, acknowledge the sanctions create ‘certain challenges’. Putin further sought to minimise their impact today during a meeting in Moscow with Belarussian dictator Alexander Lukashenko. Lukashenko, who is one of the Russian leader’s few remaining allies, said ‘people will have forgotten this has happened’ in a few months, and that there is an ‘opportunity’ to build something ‘better than the Soviet Union’. Meanwhile, Putin claimed that in the past sanctions had only made Russia stronger. Notably, he added there has been ‘certain positive shifts’ in the talks with Ukraine, and that those negotiations are continuing on a daily basis. However, there has been no confirmation of this on the Ukrainian side. Intelligence officials have expressed concern that Russia could resort to more extreme measures such as chemical warfare as its forces continue to struggle in the face of fierce Ukrainian resistance. Boris Johnson has warned the Kremlin is spreading a ‘fake story; that the US or the Ukrainians have chemical weapons in Ukraine as a possible pretext for an attack.’ Ministers have suggested Nato could be forced to intervene if Moscow uses chemical weapons. The western alliance has so far refused to heed Ukraine’s calls for a no-fly zone amid fears of provoking a wider war. Technology Minister Chris Philp told Times Radio: ‘Clearly the use of chemical weapons, especially in an invasion where there are a very large number of civilians, would be an outrage against humanity. ‘So I would say to anybody in Russia thinking about this: do not cross that line, do not inflict any more misery and suffering on the Ukrainian people. ‘It will trigger an increased response from the West, there’s a dramatic increased response, there’s no question about that. ‘I’m not going to speculate about the form that’s going to take or pre-empt it, but that’s a line that Russian governments should not cross.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.