Marilyn Manson has launched a lawsuit against Evan Rachel Wood over her allegations of sexual abuse. The Westworld actress accused her ex-fiancé of abuse last February, and claimed she had been ‘brainwashed’ during their three-year relationship – something he has fiercely denied. In a new documentary, titled Phoenix Rising, the 34-year-old alleged that the Sweet Dreams musician ‘essentially raped her’ on camera while filming a music video. Manson, real name Brian Warner, has filed legal action against his ex earlier today in LA, accusing her of ‘publicly casting him as an abuser – a ‘falsehood’ he claims that has ‘derailed’ his career. Court documents obtained by Deadline read: ‘This action arises from the wrongful and illegal acts done in furtherance of a conspiracy by Defendant Evan Rachel Wood and … Defendant Ashley Gore, a/k/a Illma Gore, to publicly cast Plaintiff Brian Warner, p/k/a Marilyn Manson, as a rapist and abuser—a malicious falsehood that has derailed Warner’s successful music, TV, and film career.’ In the paperwork, he alleged that Evan and Ashley ‘impersonated an actual agent of the FBI by forging and distributing a fictitious letter,’ in a bid to ‘create the false appearance that Warner’s alleged “victims” and their families were in danger, and that there was a federal criminal investigation of Warner ongoing.’ It continues that: ‘They provided checklists and scripts to prospective accusers, listing the specific alleged acts of abuse that they should claim against Warner. ‘They made knowingly false statements to prospective accusers (which have since been repeated by those accusers in court filings), including the defamatory claim that Warner filmed the sexual assault of a minor.’ Evan has yet to speak out over the lawsuit. The former couple began dating when she was 18 and the musician was 38, and announced their engagement in 2010, before splitting months later. A number of other women have come forward to accuse Manson of sexual and physical assault, with three of them suing him while one rape lawsuit was dismissed in September. The Thirteen actress previously shared her allegations of abuse in a lengthy Instagram post at the beginning of last year, claiming that he groomer her as a teenager. ‘The name of my abuser is Brian Warner, also known to the world as Marilyn Manson,’ she said at the time. ‘He started grooming me when I was a teenager and horrifically abused me for years. I was brainwashed and manipulated into submission. ‘I am done living in fear of retaliation, slander, or blackmail. I am here to expose this dangerous man and call out the many industries that have enabled him, before he ruins any more lives. ‘I stand with the many victims who will no longer be silent.’ The musician has denied all allegations made against him. Metro.co.uk has contacted Evan’s reps for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katherine Ryan and husband Bobby Kootstra are ultimate couple as they lead red carpet arrivals at National Comedy Awards 2022 MORE : Clive Myrie applauded by Susanna Reid and Louise Minchin as he explains decision to stay in Ukraine 