Holly Willoughby raided her wardrobe for her most glamorous (and shiny) outfit before hitting the town with husband Dan Baldwin tonight. The This Morning presenter brushed off ITV’s security threat chaos from earlier in the day, to get glammed up to the nines for a date night with her other half. In a rare outing together, Holly, 41, was seen arriving at Annabel’s private members club in Mayfair, London on Thursday evening with Dan, 47, on her arm. Holly sparkled as she strutted into the venue wearing a multicoloured sequin dress with a side split and chunky heels and finished off the look with a peach feather boa, while TV producer Dan looked too cool for school in a cream shaggy coat, appropriately teamed with flares, platform trainers and aviator sunglasses. The couple – who are parents to three children; Harry, 12, Belle, 10, and Chester, seven – were in attendance to celebrate Annabel’s fourth birthday at its new location. It came hours after Holly was caught up in the drama at the ITV studios, where several of the channel’s daytime programmes had to pulled off-air due to a bomb scare that caused the entire building to be evacuated. Holly had been presenting live as usual alongside her co-host Phillip Schofield, but returned from a break stating that the live show wouldn’t be continuing, with a pre-recorded clip playing instead. In Loose Women’s slot at 12:30pm, a pre-recorded episode of Life Before Loose was broadcast. The channel returned to normality with ITV News airing as usual at 1:30pm. It later emerged that Lorraine Kelly was named on a ‘suspicious package’ that had been sent to the studios, but it was intercepted by security before it reached her. A source told The Sun: ‘Word quickly got around that whatever the box contained, it was addressed to Lorraine. ‘Everyone at ITV loves her – so people were upset and very concerned over the whole incident. Fortunately everyone is safe, but it shakes everyone up.’ An ITV spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘Due to a suspected security alert, the building which ITV daytime broadcast from was safely evacuated. ‘The issue has been resolved and staff have returned to the building following the all clear from the police. We apologise for the interruption to the schedule and we have now returned to normal programming.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sarah Michelle Gellar shares poignant tribute to fans as she marks 25 years of Buffy The Vampire Slayer: ‘You made this happen’ MORE : Chris Packham says ‘line in the sand’ was crossed with defamatory articles 