JK Rowling and Piers Morgan have finally found something that they agree on, and our minds are blown. The pair have weighed in the latest debate hitting Twitter, concerning an optical illusion. Beside a picture of the illusion in question – showing a shape in front of a colourful background – a message read: ‘If you’re right-brained, you’ll see a fish. ‘If you’re left-brained, you’ll see a mermaid.’ Anyone else getting wild déjà vu to the white/gold/blue/black dress drama or the creepy Yanny or Laurel recording? Harry Potter author JK stepped in with a curveball of her own on Twitter, replying: ‘It’s a donkey, though.’ Quoting her tweet, Piers confirmed that he was on her wavelength, penning: ‘Agreed – a donkey.’ However, Kevin Pietersen threw us all for a loop when he simply replied: ‘Kangaroo.’ Now we don’t know what we see… Piers and JK recently made headlines after it was revealed that the author had turned down the opportunity to be a guest on his new TV show. The former Good Morning Britain star is currently gearing up to launch his new series on TalkTV, which is set to launch this year. Although a confirmed date has not been announced, all eyes have been on who will be climbing into the hot seat opposite the ex-Life Stories host, with the writer’s name thrown into the frame. ‘Piers needs to start with a bang and JK would do the job,’ an insider previously told The Mirror. However, a representative for the novelist later told Metro.co.uk: ‘JK is not in talks with Piers Morgan and will not be appearing on his new show.’ They went on to add that she ‘was approached’ but the request was ‘immediately declined.’ She isn’t the only famous face that Piers wants to sit down for a chat with, as he also invited Meghan Markle on to the series. ‘Fundamentally, what I want the show to do is be a platform for free speech and democratic debate,’ he recently told Sky News. ‘And the right for people to come on and have their own opinion without being shamed and cancelled – because that’s the way back for society. ‘If Meghan Markle’s watching – I’m sure she is – if you want to be my first guest, we have a bit of unfinished business. I’m available.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Khloe Kardashian is still wearing Yeezy trainers despite sister Kim’s bitter divorce from Kanye West MORE : Reverse Wordle clone Adverswordle makes the game guess your words 