Jeremy Kyle has spoken out over the first part of the harrowing Channel 4 documentary that premiered on Sunday – and has promised viewers he will share his side of the story once Steve Dymond’s legal inquest is over. The shocking two-parter explored the scandal that happened behind the scenes of the popular chat show – which ran from 2005 to 2019 – with former employees claiming bosses were abusive and manipulative. The original series was axed in May 2019, following the death of former guest Dymond, who died by suicide aged 63. The 56-year-old presenter addressed the ‘elephant in the room’ during his drivetime slot on talkRADIO and stressed that he intends to ‘maintain’ his approach regarding the matter. ‘Let’s just deal with the elephant in the room straight away,’ he said. ‘A couple of texts already talking about a certain programme that was on television last night. Yes, I am fully aware.’ Addressing his loyal listeners at home, Kyle continued: ‘I will say only this, my friends, to you. I have maintained a consistent approach over the last three years. ‘I have said that I will not comment on the tragic death of Steve Dymond until the legal process is finished, and that is a position that I will maintain.’ He added: ‘When, and trust me there will be a time after the inquest, when it is proper for me to have my say, because there are two sides to every story. I will do it here, and I will do it to you, and that is the most important thing.’ Before he wrapped up, Kyle emphasised his desire to talk about the ‘horrific’ invasion of Ukraine. Former employees – who were played by actors – detailed their time working on the hit chat show in the Channel 4 documentary, which aired on Sunday night. One said she felt they had ‘blood on their hands’ following Dymond’s death. As the show progressed, viewers took to social media to share their thoughts over the ‘eye-opening’ programme. A viewer wrote: ‘I think many of us here, myself included, have enjoyed Jeremy Kyle when it was on at some point and now feel immensely guilty #deathondaytime.’ While another added: ‘As someone who used to watch the #jeremykyleshow I feel so uncomfortable with the way the unseen footage is making me feel. I have no idea how anyone (myself included) used to watch it. #deathondaytime.’ In response to the Channel 4 documentary, ITV said it does not ‘accept the central allegation of this programme of a “bad culture” within the production team’. ‘ITV would never condone any of its production staff misleading or lying to guests.’ Jeremy Kyle Show: Death on Daytime returns tonight at 9pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who was The Jeremy Kyle Show’s Graham and where is he now? MORE : Jeremy Kyle Show staff ‘denied meals’ if they failed to book guests: ‘We were treated like lab rats’ 