Kim Kardashian has shared a first glimpse of one of her boyfriend Pete Davidson’s tattoos that he had inked in tribute to her, having said that particular design is her ‘favourite’. Earlier this month, eagle-eyed fans spotted that the Saturday Night Live comedian had Kim’s name embossed on his chest, prompting mass speculation across the internet. While it was initially thought to be a tattoo, Kim, 41, revealed on The Ellen DeGeneres Show that it had in fact been branded onto his skin… as well as sharing that the 28-year-old has multiple dedications to his girlfriend tattooed on his body. ‘The branding is my name. The other ones are cutesy things. I think my favourite one, it says: “My Girl Is A Lawyer.” And that one’s really cute,’ she said at the time. The reality star has now posted a picture of Pete’s lawyer-inspired design, sharing the black-and white image of the tattoo – which looks as though it’s just above his collar bone on his left hand side – on her Instagram Story. The tat is in reference to the fact that Kim is following in her late father’s footsteps by training to become a lawyer, having finally passed the baby bar law exam in December last year. One fan on Twitter remarked that they found it ‘so cute’, adding a line of sobbing emojis. Another previously pointed out the irony of Pete having that tattoo considering Kim isn’t qualified as a lawyer yet, tweeting: ‘Pete Davidson’s “my girl a lawyer” tattoo is hilarious to me cause it’s not even true.’ When the mum-of-four announced that she had passed the exam, she stressed in a social media post that her law school journey hasn’t been ‘easy’, having failed the exam three times in two years. Mentioning Robert Kardashian, who was famously part of OJ Simpson’s legal team during his 1995 murder trial, she said: ‘I know my dad would be so proud and he would actually be so shocked to know that this is my path now but he would have been my best study partner.’ Kim and Pete were first romantically linked in October 2021 following her separation from rapper Kanye West, known legally as Ye, who she filed for divorce from in February last year. Last month, the comedian referred to the Skims founder as his girlfriend for the first time, with Kim later making their relationship Instagram official with some candid snaps as tensions continued between the couple and Kanye. Earlier this month, Kim was declared legally single amid her court proceedings with the Gold Digger rapper, and will be dropping ‘West’ from her surname. The former couple share four children together: eight-year-old North, six-year-old Saint, four-year-old Chicago and two-year-old Psalm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian doesn’t let boyfriend Pete Davidson sleep over: ‘She wants to be respectful’ MORE : Kim Kardashian promises more individual focus on each family member’s life as she teases ‘cinematic’ new Kardashians series: ‘It’ll be more in-depth’ 