Piers Morgan believes Arsenal should ‘break the bank’ for Thomas Tuchel amid Chelsea’s crisis following sanctions to Roman Abramovich. Abramovich’s hopes of selling Chelsea were thrown into disarray on Thursday as the UK government ordered sanctions to a number of Russian oligarchs. With his assets frozen, Abramovich is now unable to make any money from Premier League giants Chelsea, with the Stamford Bridge shop and hotel closed and the club prevented from selling any more matchday tickets. Chelsea have been given a ‘special licence’ to carry on competing but Abramovich can only sell the club if he agrees not to receive any money from the purchase. Following Chelsea’s Premier League victory over Norwich City on Thursday night, Blues boss Tuchel insisted he would carry on as manager, but Arsenal fan Morgan wants the Gunners to bring him to the Emirates. Tuchel is regarded as one of the best managers in the world, having guided Chelsea to the Champions League title last season after replacing club legend Frank Lampard in the Stamford Bridge hot-seat. But current Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has also earned rave reviews lately, with his team the favourites to secure the final top-four spot in the Premier League and winning the FA Cup in 2020. ‘Arsenal should break the bank for Thomas Tuchel,’ Morgan tweeted on Friday morning. ‘We won’t, but we should.’ When Morgan was accused of being ‘unfair’ on Arteta, the former Good Morning Britain host added: ‘I prefer facts to feelings. ‘Artet has had two years, and this season we’re not in Europe, were knocked out of both domestic cups in January, and are currently 21 points off the league leaders. ‘He also just gave our best striker away [Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang]. Tuchel’s a proven world class manager who just won the Champions League. ‘Come back to me when we have a team that is competitive to win the Premier and/or Champions League.’ Discussing his future in west London after Chelsea beat Norwich, Tuchel said: ‘I’m not sure I am concerned, but I am aware of it. ‘It changes almost every day. I am still happy to be here and still happy to be manager of a strong team. I know there is a lot of noise around. ‘It is quite a big change from yesterday to today but we can’t influence it, we didn’t cause the situation. ‘In the moment, it seems that business, let’s say football-wise, is more or less protected, but let’s see. ‘I feel privileged to have the chance to be involved in games, coaching and football that I love.’ Meanwhile, former Liverpool and England defender Jamie Carragher has urged Manchester United to make a move for Chelsea’s Tuchel.  United, currently fifth in the Premier League, are set to appoint Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s permanent replacement this summer and have been linked with Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag. ‘Manchester United have been presented with the ideal opportunity to recruit the manager who should be their number one target: Thomas Tuchel,’ Carragher wrote in his Telegraph column. ‘Given the events at Chelsea, United’s decision to wait until the end of the season presents them with a choice no-one could have foreseen. ‘One of the best managers in the world – the current Fifa coach of the year – must be top of their list. ‘Tuchel, like everyone else at Stamford Bridge, will have no idea what the future holds at his current club. No-one can offer him any assurances about how the squad will look at the start of next season given the club’s sale is on hold. ‘No manager wants to be working amid such a background of uncertainty. If he gets the chance to leave for a club of United’s stature, he must take it. ‘United can offer him the security and backing every top coach craves. Yes, it will seem a predatory move – taking advantage of Chelsea’s crisis – but from United and Tuchel’s perspective the more you consider it, the more of a no-brainer it is. ‘Every chief executive in the world looking for a new coach will be – or at least should be – monitoring Tuchel’s mood and public comments between now and the end of the season. ‘Only clubs of a certain calibre could attract him. It would be negligent of United to fail to sound him out. As a coach, he is exactly what they need.’ Carragher added: ‘Let’s not forget that his mentor – Ralf Rangnick – is in temporary charge. ‘If United are as keen to retain Rangnick’s services in an advisory capacity as they claimed when recruiting him – and they ask him who should take over – who will he tell them to call?’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 