A cabinet minister has finally accepted the No 10 staff fined over Covid lockdown parties did break the law – after Boris Johnson tried to avoid saying they did. The Met Police yesterday gave out 20 fixed penalty notices (FPNs) to unknown people over gatherings in Downing Street and Whitehall during the pandemic. Asked by Sky News Host Kay Burley if they broke the law, Raab replied, ‘yes, inevitably’. It was a significant admission after the prime minister appeared in denial over the matter yesterday. Pressed over Mr Johnson’s view, his spokesman said: ‘It’s for the Met to make that judgment, rather than the prime minister.’ Mr Raab, who is the Justice Secretary and once prosecuted war crimes, gave a more direct answer about the fined staff during media rounds this morning. Asked if they had broke the law, he said: ‘Yes, inevitably fixed penalty notices [are] for those who have breached the regulations. ‘And we stand by and support the fact that there should be the Met process, the Sue Gray process, and accountability for this.’ Asked about it again on Radio Four, he said: ‘Clearly there were breaches of the regulations.’ However, Mr Raab refused to accept Boris Johnson deliberately misled Parliament when he told MPs in December: ‘All guidance was followed completely in No10.’ The deputy PM said Mr Johnson,  who personally attended several of the gatherings, was answering to the best of his knowledge. He told BBC Breakfast: ‘I think it is rather different to say that he lied, which suggests that he was deliberately misleading. The PM has not to date been issued with a fixed penalty notice. ‘Clearly we had the investigations because of the claims, the assertions that were made, which it was right to follow up, and it is clear there were breaches of the law. ‘But to jump from that to say the Prime Minister deliberately misled Parliament rather than answering to the best of his ability is just not right.’ Detectives have been investigating 12 gatherings during the pandemic, including as many as six events the prime minister is said to have attended. However Mr Johnson was not among those included in the first wave of fines issued yesterday, which is understood to contain the most straight-forward cases. The Met said a ‘significant amount’ of material still had to be assessed and more may be fined. Downing Street has promised to disclose if the PM does receive a fixed penalty notice but refused to say whether he will quit. Mr Raab also refused to be drawn in on this matter when grilled by Susanna Reid on Good Morning Britain. She asked him: ‘If a prime minister is found to have broken the law and is issued a fine, as justice secretary are you comfortable with them remaining as prime minister?’ Raab replied: ‘I am not comfortable commenting or pre-judging the outcome of any criminal investigation by the police or indeed any other investigation in relation to Covid regulations. I just don’t do it, sorry, it comes with the job.’ Reid replied: ‘So as Justice Secretary, you can’t comment whether someone at the top of government should stay in their job if they have broken the law? I am nbot even asking about the prime minister, I am asking generally, theoretically.’ But a visibly annoyed Raab hit back: ‘No you’re not, you are asking about the prime minister, you have made that clear.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.