Camila Cabello was ‘hungover’ when she accidentally flashed her nipple live on The One Show this week. The singer, 25, had appeared via video call live on the show on Monday where she attempted to show off her favourite dance move to her new song Bam Bam featuring Ed Sheeran. However, she ended up showing off a little more than intended as she stood up and attempted to sweep her hair off her shoulders and pulled her top to one side revealing her nipple. Camila laughed off the incident at the time, telling the hosts: ‘I just flashed you, I hope you didn’t see nipple!’ Host Alex Jones told her: ‘There was a wardrobe malfunction. There was a flash of something, I don’t know what I saw.’ Alan Carr, who had been on the show as a guest, joked: ‘I’ve just been a victim of cyber-flashing! And you’ve just done an item on it – what’s the chances?!’ Camila, who was doing promo for her third album Familia, took the accidental nip slip like a champ however, and just laughed off the awkward moment. The singer had earlier admitted she was hungover, writing on her Instagram story: ‘Familia promo, still hungover though.’ In the image, she was seen wearing the same patterned floaty shirt with several buttons open and no bra underneath. She also revealed on the show that she had celebrated her birthday the day before, which was the cause of her hangover. Camila also told Alan that she ‘loves him’ and is looking forward to seeing his new series Interior Design Masters, to which he responded that he too ‘loved’ her. The former Fifth Harmony band member also explained what the song Bam Bam means to her, telling the panel: ‘The song is really about the cycles of life, how things are awesome and then really hard. ‘You need to remember through the hard times that that’s life, things will be awesome again.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Camila Cabello cool as a cucumber as she laughs off nipple flash on The One Show: ‘My mum is next door freaking out’ MORE : Shawn Mendes ‘having a hard time with social media’ after Camila Cabello split as she also takes time off Instagram 