West Side Story star Rachel Zegler has claimed she hasn’t been invited to this year’s Oscars ceremony, despite the film being up for a number of accolades. The actress made the surprising revelation on Sunday when she publicly responded to a fan who asked her why she hadn’t been invited to the event, which is due to take place on March 28. ‘idk y’all i have tried it all but it doesn’t seem to be happening :’) I will root for west side story from my couch and be proud of the work we so tirelessly did 3 years ago,’ Rachel penned. ‘i hope some last minute miracle occurs and i can celebrate our film in person but hey, that’s how it goes sometimes, i guess. thanks for all the shock and outrage – i’m disappointed, too. but that’s okay. so proud of our movie.’ (sic) Rachel starred as Maria in Steven Spielberg’s 2021 remake West Side Story, with Ansel Elgot playing her on-screen love interest Tony. The film received widespread rave reviews and was nominated for numerous Oscars, including the coveted best picture award, while Speilberg himself is up for best director. Ariana DeBose has been nominated for best supporting actress, while the cinematography, costume design, production design, and sound have also been recognised in their respective categories. Rachel’s Oscars snub triggered outrage among fans, however, she urged those upset to ‘respect the process’. Taking to Twitter, she penned: ‘my goodness, folks!! appreciate all the support, i really really do. ‘we live in such unprecedented times, and a lot of work behind the scenes goes into making movie magic happen. that goes for film productions (like the one I am so lucky to be currently shooting in london)…and awards shows alike. let’s all just respect the process and i’ll get off my phone x R.’ (sic) Metro.co.uk has contacted the Academy for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 