Chelsea defender Trevoh Chalobah had a tough day out at Wembley on Sunday, not only losing the Carabao Cup final on penalties to Liverpool, but also suffering a gruesome penis injury which required makeshift surgery in the dressing room. Chalobah was on the wrong end of a nasty challenge from Naby Keita, with the Reds midfielder’s studs landing firmly in the groin of the Blues star. It looked bad, but it was even worse than it seemed, with Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel explaining that the substantial gash needed surgery after the game. Incredibly, Chalobah played the full match, scoring his spot-kick in the shootout despite the mauled member and Tuchel was seriously impressed with his…’balls’. ‘I would say he has shown some balls – but that would be the wrong line!’ Tuchel said. ‘I could not believe what I saw after the match. There was surgery literally in our dressing room and I am not joking. ‘They were stitching him up. I could not believe it. After the match, after the press conference when I left they were doing the stitches, I just heard him scream. It looked horrible. ‘I went in and saw it, it looked horrible and I could not believe he played one more minute with this kind of injury but he played the rest of the match and scored a penalty in the shootout. ‘This is really big. But he was really brave to do this. You could not look away. They had surgery, there were stitches there. He was the only one with the doctors and I heard the noise. ‘Seriously, it was a proper cut, very close to the area of the groin. It was open and it needed to be closed. He was very tough and he has my full respect.’ Chalobah is expected to be in the squad when Chelsea travel to Luton in the fifth round of the FA Cup on Wednesday night as he continues to brave the pain. Chelsea remain without Ben Chilwell, while Hakim Ziyech, Cesar Azpilicueta and Andreas Christensen are all doubts and may not be risked. MORE : Swiss billionaire claims ‘panicking’ Roman Abramovich has offered to sell him Chelsea MORE : Paolo Di Canio claims Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku would be on the bench at Inter Milan For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 