Boris Johnson has been branded ‘a national embarrassment’ after he compared the struggle of Ukrainians fighting the Russian invasion to British people voting for Brexit. In his speech to the Tory spring conference in Blackpool, the prime minister said it is the ‘instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom’, adding that the EU referendum was a ‘famous recent example’. The comparison was criticised by Tory peer Lord Barwell, among others, who pointed out Ukraine is seeking to join the European Union. In his speech, Mr Johnson said: ‘I know that it’s the instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom, every time. ‘I can give you a couple of famous recent examples. ‘When the British people voted for Brexit in such large, large numbers, I don’t believe it was because they were remotely hostile to foreigners. It’s because they wanted to be free to do things differently and for this country to be able to run itself.’ He delivered the speech in front of Ukraine’s ambassador to the UK, Vadym Prystaiko, who was given a standing ovation when he arrived. Lord Barwell, who served as Theresa May’s chief of staff in Number 10, said voting in the 2016 referendum ‘isn’t in any way comparable with risking your life’ in a war. Writing on Twitter, he said: ‘Apart from the bit where voting in a free and fair referendum isn’t in any way comparable with risking your life to defend your country against invasion + the awkward fact the Ukrainians are fighting for the freedom to join the EU, this comparison is bang on.’ Ed Davey, leader of the Liberal Democrats, branded the prime minister a ‘national embarrassment’ and compared him to the Faulty Towers character Basil Fawlty. ‘His buffoonery contrasts with the courageous leadership of President Zelensky. To compare a referendum to women and children fleeing Putin’s bombs is an insult to every Ukrainian. He is no Churchill: he is Basil Fawlty.’ Former footballer Gary Neville also added to the backlash, writing ‘he’s an absolute disgrace to the end’. Even prominent Brexiteers condemned the remarks. Talk Radio host Julia Hartley- Brewer said: ‘Even as a staunch Brexiteer, this is totally cringe from @BorisJohnson. Comparing the vote to leave the EU with the Ukrainian people fighting for their lives against a foreign invader is an insult to their bravery and sacrifice.’ By Saturday afternoon, ‘Ukraine to Brexit’ was trending on Twitter as more and more people expressed their outrage. Piers Morgan branded the prime minister ‘shameless’ while one journalist covering the war called him a ‘loathsome man’. Former Belgian prime minister, Guy Verhofstadt, another leading critic of Brexit in Brussels, said the comparison was ‘insane’. Financial Times correspondent Jim Pickard mocked Mr Johnson, writing: ‘Not sure being invaded by a larger neighbour is comparable to belonging to a trading pact with friendly neighbouring countries.’ In another tweet he added: ‘And like the brave Ukrainians, we too resisted the *squints at notes* zero-tariff free-movement economic pact.’ During his speech, Mr Johnson continued to illustrate his point by citing British people’s willingness to come forward for vaccinations and boosters shots during the pandemic. ‘It was because they wanted to get on with their lives. They were fed up with being told what to do,’ he said. The PM then made a bizarre reference to ‘wokeness’ whilst discussing the reasons why Ukrainian’s are fleeing their country for refuge in the UK. ‘It is the invincible strength of this country that we believe by and large and within the law that people should be able to do whatever they want providing they don’t do harm to anyone else – and that’s called freedom. ‘We don’t need to be woke. We just want to be free, and that’s why talented people are fleeing Russia quite frankly right now. That’s why they’re flocking to the UK.’ He went on to lash out at Russian President Vladimir Putin, saying he is ‘panicking’ about a pro-democracy revolution unfolding in his country. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.