BBC journalist Clive Myrie has left Ukraine for Romania after reporting on the front line in the city’s capital, Kyiv, since Russia invaded last month. He had been updating viewers on the war often alongside the corporation’s chief international correspondent Lyse Doucet, with many watching at home concerned for their safety. Myrie explained to his Twitter followers on Sunday night that he was travelling to Romania via Moldova, with the drive taking the best part of a full day. ‘After 17 or so hours drive in all from Kyiv, heading south then west, then into Moldova to the frontier, we arrive at the queue to cross from Moldova to Romania,’ he penned in his first post. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘This was to become a long night. We are less than 2miles from the crossing…..’ In another tweet, he penned: ‘A full 8hours later, we travel the less than 2miles to cross into Romania with the leaflet saying “if you are Ukrainian you have the right to enter Romania and you will be protected!”’ Myrie also took the time to reflect on families fleeing for their lives after being shelled. ‘It was a long, day of driving and queuing to get out of Kyiv. Imagine having to leave all you know in a hurry because you’re being shelled,’ he continued. ‘What do you pack? Do pets come too? It’s freezing cold and you pray those in neighbouring countries will welcome you, not despise you! ‘My thoughts are with the 1million who’ve fled #Ukraine because they might be killed. The millions who fled #syria and many other millions escaping repression,poverty, war. ‘They all pray they’ll be welcomed in other countries as human beings. That’s all they ask.’ (sic) Myrie’s coverage of the conflict has attracted praise from fellow journalists over the past two weeks. Former BBC and GB News newsreader Simon McCoy, who said: ‘You are doing an amazing job. Look after yourselves.’ World At One presenter Sarah Montague added: ‘Watching @CliveMyrieBBC makes me feel very proud that I work at the BBC. He is a class act.’ When the invasion began, Myrie and his colleague Doucet swiftly put on flak jackets after they were interrupted by an air raid siren during a live broadcast from a rooftop opposite St Michael’s Cathedral. He later told the PA news agency: ‘You’ve got to be aware that you are in the middle of a warzone, a live warzone, and anything could happen. ‘None of us are stupid enough to stay out there reporting while bullets are raining down, that would be madness and frankly no story is worth that, but the advice was we could still keep broadcasting as long as we took the minimal protection of putting on safety gear. ‘So that’s what we did and it meant we could continue telling the story, getting that across to our viewers so that they understand what is going on.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 