Spring Equinox falls on March 20 in 2022, and represents the point in the year that the days and nights are of equal length again (so, adios winter, and hello spring). In the Northern Hemisphere this is the first day of spring and it occurs when the Sun crosses the equator line, heading north. The word equinox comes from the Latin words for ‘equal night—aequus (equal) and nox (night). This turning point in the year is also known as Spring Quarter Point, Oestar, Ostara, and festival of balance and awakening. In wiccan calendars, it is one of the eight festivals in the wheel of the year, and its energy is about fertility and manifestation. It is time to activate the ideas, plans and dreams which have been incubating and developing over the winter. As the sun gains strength, so do we. The days will get longer and warmer, fueling our own bodies and minds, enabling us to put our biggest ideas into action. The Spring Equinox is one of the only four times of the year when people are allowed to visit the actual stones of the Henge at Stonehenge (festivities start at dawn and rituals commence as the sun rises over the stones). Pagan and Druid groups sought this access under the Religious Freedom Act because they consider the stones a place of worship. There are Saxon and Celtic gods and goddesses associated with the Spring Equinox, including Ostara herself, the goddess of spring and dawn. The Horned God, or Pan, is also believed to emerge at this time as her consort to represent hunting, dancing, and wanton partying. Sounds great!You’ll notice fresh greenery. Trees, shrubs, and flowers are sensitive to temperature and day length, too, so you will notice daffodils and bulbous plants poking up. Birds are migrating north. Animals are coming out of hibernation. Worms and grubs will emerge too. The March Full Moon is called the worm moon for this reason. Weather will be warmer too. The heat will rise so you can wear fewer layers and outer clothes, and spend longer outdoors in the light and air. Let the sun’s ray penetrate your body, feel it warm your bones. Get a boost of natural vitamin D. You don’t need to be a practicing wiccan or pagan to enjoy marking this turn of the wheel of the year. In fact, you could call it a form of seasonal mindfulness, to stop and acknowledge the shift in the environment, the change of natural forms all around you. Here are some ways to mark the moment: Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best days to go on a date in 2022, according to astrology MORE : From fashion shows to film festivals, here are the best things to do in Paris for Spring 2022 MORE : The best colourful eyeliners for SS22 makeup looks