Deciding on a tattoo is an important decision. So if you’re getting a word or phrase inked onto you, it’s vital to get the spelling right. For those unlucky enough to have made this mistake in a different language, Duolingo is offering some help. The online language platform will be checking and fixing mistranslated tattoos for free for two weeks, starting from Monday March 21 – AKA, World Tattoo Day. To get your tattoo checked by Duolingo’s team of language experts, you simply need to post a photo of the tattoo on social media using the hashtag #TattooDuoOver. Then just be sure to tag them on Twitter or Instagram, and explain what you think the tattoo says. Alternatively, if you want to keep things more discreet, you can email them at TatooDuoOver@duolingo.com. The team will then translate the tattoo and reply with either the good or bad news. Duolingo will then choose the owners of the ‘worst tattoos’ in the UK and give them the opportunity to travel to Paris to have their designs fixed at world-famous tattoo parlour Abraxas. Everyone who sends a tattoo will also receive a code giving them a month’s free trial of Duolingo – the idea is that they will not make the same mistake again, or in the future, as they can learn more about the language in question. If you’ve suffered a translation mishap, you’re not alone – even some celebrities have fallen into the trap. Duolingo points out Ariana Grande, who wanted ‘7 Rings’ in Japanese to commemorate her no.1 hit, was actually inked with ‘small charcoal grill.’ To fix the mistake she had it corrected, so it now reads ‘Japanese BBQ finger.’ Colin Watkins, UK and France country manager at Duolingo, says: ‘Send us your tattoo and we can stop that nagging doubt that the Korean tattoo you got in Ibiza four years ago actually says “peace and love”, not “penis love.” ‘People make mistakes and Duolingo is here to help. I can see friends and family sending us pictures on behalf of their loved ones.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Baked beans lover gets eyebrows tattooed in his favourite food’s honour MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m a forensic scientist specialising in tattoo analysis’ MORE : Woman with ‘custard phobia’ miraculously beats fear and sits in bath of the yellow stuff – and she’s even got a tattoo