It’s International Women’s Day, which means a flurry of pink promotional products being tenuously linked to the advancement of gender relations. The global holiday is to commemorate achievements of women and girls while discussing how we can promote equality and end gender-based violence. However, over the years it’s been co-opted by corporations selling items emblazoned with #Girlboss slogans and glitter. As part of I Saw It First’s IWD campaign, the fashion brand has announced customers will receive free drink spiking test kits in their parcels – a move that’s received mixed responses online. Announcing the scheme on Twitter, the retailer’s post read: ‘DIP BEFORE YOU SIP. We’ve partnered with @CheckYourDrink for #InternationalWomensDay to give away free testing kits with every order today.’ An accompanying picture bears the text ‘Size does matter. Three inches could change your life,’ in reference to the handbag-sized tests that detect drugs in a drink. ‘Absolutely love this. How amazing,’ replied one commenter, while another tweeted: ‘Well done for including some discreet spiking test kits with orders.’ Not everyone was quite so complimentary, however. ‘I don’t really know where to begin with this,’ said one person on Twitter, and another called the campaign ‘f***ed up’. Tests for spiked drinks have been the subject of controversy, accused of placing the onus on women to protect themselves from sexual violence (rather than ending the violence itself). Additionally, alcohol is – contrary to popular belief – the most commonly-used substance in incidences of spiking, and these kits only test for illegal drugs like GHB and ketamine, so may not be effective in all situations. Jayne Butler, CEO of Rape Crisis England & Wales, speaking to Metro.co.uk about the rise of self-defence products for women, said: ‘The narrative around women and girls needing to protect themselves is one that feeds into myths and stereotypes about trauma responses to sexual violence and abuse.’ Part of the criticism here also likely stems from the fact the ‘free’ test kit isn’t actually free – to get one you’ll need to make a purchase with I Saw It First. There’s no mention on the company’s Stop The Spike page suggesting a charity donation or further work past the promotional period. So, while it may be well-meaning, the scheme doesn’t appear to address this complicated and serious issue. If you do want to try Check Your Drink’s tests, they can be purchased in packs of 10 for £10. But in the meantime, it’s worth remembering that there’s no way to know for sure whether your drink has been spiked. There’s no ‘right’ way to act to avoid assault. It may make you feel safer to test drinks or use self-defence tools, but you’re never to blame if someone takes advantage – that responsibility is always on the perpetrator. Metro.co.uk has contacted I Saw It First for comment, and will update when we receive a response. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why we still need International Women’s Day MORE : Why you should consider a move to well-connected Harrow, London