Kate Garraway excitedly showed the health and wellbeing garden she had been growing to her frail husband Derek Draper in Love Your Garden Grow Your Own Special on Tuesday night. The Good Morning Britain presenter was able to transform her family’s green space with the help of gardening expert Alan Titchmarsh, who guided her as she revamped the area to suit the changing needs of her family. Derek, who has been left with ongoing health issues and requires round-the-clock care after being ravaged by Covid in 2020, smiled as Kate revealed her handiwork. ‘This is your area,’ she told him, prompting Derek to beam. ‘This has been so much more than I thought it was going to be,’ Kate continued to the camera. ‘I’ve taken the garden which is a place of family fun and turned it into something that can suit the way our family has to live now. ‘If you look past the initial beauty of the plants, it can give you so much more.’ Filmed across the seasons from spring until harvest time, Kate faced terrible weather and failing crops as she attempted to design, plant and nurture three very different fruit and veg gardens. She also visited Kew gardens where she learned about the medicinal benefits of plants, which inspired her own garden to create a border of plants filled with antioxidant benefits, a separate tea garden, and an aromatherapy garden. Kate has been caring for Derek at home since he was released from hospital over a year after being admitted with Covid in March 2020. He has been left with ongoing health issues and requires round-the-clock care, with Kate even flying him over to Mexico for specialist treatment in the hopes of improving his recovery. The 54-year-old is now free of the virus but has suffered long-lasting damage to his organs and requires care at home. Speaking on ITV’s Good Morning Britain last month, Kate revealed that the moments when she thinks ‘why have we been so badly affected?’ are now only ‘fleeting’ and instead she focuses on the positives. She also said: ‘I kind of think, not why did we have to be so badly affected, but you could also think why are we so lucky that he’s had the chance to continue and so many others haven’t?’ Kate revealed that, as a result of a documentary that aired last year, Kate Garraway: Finding Derek, she was contacted by a doctor in the US who offered to help Derek with a new treatment he has been developing. ‘It’s all come about actually because of the first documentary, so this is a doctor who works in the US and he’s been working for 13 years on clinical trials of this treatment in the US and he is just at the point of waiting for approval on it,’ she said. ‘When he saw the documentary, he had already started helping people with the impact of Covid. And he saw it and saw Derek and said “I can help this man”.’ Love Your Garden: Grow Your Own Special is available to stream on the ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 