When it comes to Mother’s Day, those women don’t know they’re born. All they have to do is bring us up – well behaved as we have always been – for 16 or 18 years and then we lavish them with flower arranging with prosecco, Italian feasts with prosecco, high tea (she’ll have a prosecco) or a flower delivery subscription or maybe fancy cakes, even baklava delivered to her very door… Whatever she’s into – she’ll have a ball this week! With typical British imagination, folk from all walks of life are pulling out the stops to raise cash money to help the people of Ukraine. And good on ‘em/us. Artists Kiss My Art are no exception and have come up with an event called Make Art Not War, where ten diverse artists will compete for the prestigious Golden Paintbrush Award (voted for by you, the unwashed public) by drawing, it says here, ‘beautiful models’, probably in their nude as it’s a life drawing thing. Add spoken word from Kirsty Allison, comedy from Dee Gruselle-Allum, ambient pop-art beats, DJ Buckley Boland and MOBO winner Pat Have Mercy and you’re looking at an arty night out. There might even be a drink. Thursday March 31, Basing House, Shoreditch, E2 Sponsored It’s been called ‘London’s most exciting immersive experience of 2022’, which is plenty enough to get us hot under the Jacobean collar. Oh, and ‘the biggest new attraction to open in London since the Shard’, which is pretty big. Basically, you and your friends will be asked to infiltrate the Plotters inner circle and unmask the conspirators behind The Gunpowder Plot– and maybe, if you play your cards right, get out of the vaults of the Tower of London scot free. But get your skates on as over 250 of the performances have already completely sold out! And we have a £10-off deal for you if you buy two or more tickets quicksticks, just enter the code TRAILER10. Get £10 off by using the code TRAILER10, and visit at 8-12 Tower Hill Vaults Where would we be without the electric guitar, eh? No Beatles, no Stones, no Coldplay, no no-one. So let’s celebrate the 90th anniversary of the invention of the electric guitar with a book, namely Rickenbacker Guitars: Out of the Frying Pan into the Fireglo by Martin and Paul Kelly, and an exhibition including – in the book at least and in limited edition prints available at the exhibition – instruments owned by those self-same Beatles, Paul Weller, Johnny Marr and the Stone Roses. Time your visit for 2pm this Saturday, and you’ll get to question Rickenbacker CEO John Hall, who must have a tale or two to tell, only make sure you reserve tickets for that. Until Saturday, Shapero Rare Books, 105 New Bond Street, London W1 When it comes to Mother’s Day, it’s not enough for a cake to be tasty-delicious and totally cruelty free (no milk, no eggs, no worries), it also has to be an absolute work of blinking art. Well, that’s the motto at Lele’s vegan café in stylish Hackney, where they have come up with a delivery service that brings hand-made Bakewell tarts, brownies, banana bread, the works to your very door – or the very door of your mum, which would be more appropriate. But while those might sound very moreish and delectable, you’re not counting on the impact of how beautiful they are, not that we’re shallow or anything. Come on, your mum deserves it. We’re assuming. Nationwide delivery (but look sharp!) What better way to bond with your mummy dearest than with some eco-friendly flower arranging in a West End location lubricated with Via Via prosecco? Because we all know how she likes a drink, that one. That’s what’s on offer at Figaro’s Bar, where Bramble & Bloom Floral Alchemy will be taking over the Mediterranean-inspired venue to teach you how to create a stunning (well, we’re hoping it’s stunning) hand-tied bouquet or a floral wreath, which you get to take home. It all goes down under a floral-draped pergola over the course of two hours with them topping up your Via Via as you hand-tie. She’ll love it, especially the prosecco bit. £90 per person, Saturday (bouquets) and Sunday (wreaths), 22-32 Shaftesbury Avenue, W1 Yes, you could send her cake for Mother’s Day. There’s never anything wrong with cake, goodness only knows. But how about if you shook things up a bit and send her baklava, you know the Middle Eastern sweet treat? At Flor Bakery, they use only homemade filo pastry filled with chopped nuts from Food and Forest, which we assume means it’s fancy, and a whole bunch of sweetness in macadamia and rhubarb and marmalade and pecan flavours. Our fingers are sticking to our keyboards just thinking about it. And yes, you can pick it up from their Spa Terminus or Borough Market (ooh, that might be nice for Mother’s Day) or get it delivered on the Saturday ready for Sunday. Pick up at various locations, or get delivered Remind her what a lovely non-gender-specific offspring you are not just on Mother’s Day but every month (or week or fortnight, but that might be trying a little hard) of the year with a subscription from the nice people at SSAW Collective: Jess Geissendorfer and Olivia Wilson on flowers, Lulu Cox in the kitchen. The subscription is totally seasonal meaning nothing is flown in from South Africa or somewhere but grown naturally using regenerative farming practices just outside London with no pesticides or nasties. You get to pick up your bouquet from one of their collect points or – much easier! – have it delivered anywhere in London. Beat siblings each and every month of the year! You don’t have to be a mum to get how gorgeous Petersham Nurseries are (we’ve been known to quaff away whole afternoons and we won’t even have children in the house!) but it’s definitely something she’ll get. Especially as they are pulling out stops with a special afternoon tea in the Covent Garden restaurant! Bellinis, girolle arancini, goat cheese and plum chutney sandwiches, egg and asparagus sarnies, smoked trout and labneh blinis and – of course – scones, garden herb ones with lobster and crème fraiche, so none of your cheese ‘n’ pickle nonsense here. Then there are fruit scones with clotted cream and their own jam, cake, macaroons, choux buns… Shame our mum goes to Slimmer’s World of a Monday morning. Sunday, 27 King Street, WC2 A festival? Of rosé? As in pink wines? Well, if that doesn’t have our mum’s name written all over it then we don’t know what does, which is why we will be forking out for tickets ready for late May when the whole thing starts at the gorgeous Fulham Palace Gardens (she’ll think you’ve come up in the world… little does she know). Basically, it’s the opportunity to taste and savour (and neck!) an unrivalled line-up of headliner rosés including Maison Mirabeau, Léoube, Ultimate Provence, Berne Wine and Château Minuty. You can also pre-order a Pink-nic Hamper for two, just to line your stomachs. Sounds like just the ticket. May 27-29, Fulham Palace Gardens, SW6 What do you get if you put together award-winning prosecco people Pale Fox, London favourite Pizzeria Mozza and the incredible Treehouse hotel just off Oxford Circus? Italian Sunday Feasts, of course, just perfect for ‘er indoors. Tuck into antipasti, one of those famous pizzas, some traditional Italian desserts while you knock back the Pale Fox Superiore by the glass or as part of an even fancier cocktail. We don’t mind if we do! All this and amazing views and incredibly friendly service from one of our hand-on-heart favourites in central London. You might even spot some famouses as it’s right next to the BBC. Oh and it’s not just this Sunday either! Sundays, Treehouse Hotel, 14-15 Langham Place, W1 Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The Hot List: must-have Mother’s Day gifts MORE : These are the best wines and gins for Mother’s Day MORE : What I Rent: Michael and Leo, £1,400 a month for a one-bedroom flat in Richmond, London