A heartbroken family has paid tribute to their ‘wonderful’ son as a woman faces court charged with his murder. Bradley Lewis, 22, was rushed to hospital after an incident at a property in Chipperfield Drive, Kingswood, South Gloucestershire on Friday night. Emergency crews were called around 8.20pm but Mr Lewis could not be saved and was pronounced dead the following day. A post-mortem concluded he died from a single stab wound in the chest, police said. Abigail White, 23, of Chipperfield Drive, appeared before Bristol Magistrates’ Court today. Police confirmed she and the victim are known to each other. White did not enter a plea and has been remanded in custody. Mr Lewis’ family said in tribute: ‘Our wonderful much-loved son Bradley, taken from us too early.’ The football fan played as a reserve for Hanham Athletic Football Club, which described Mr Lewis as a ‘top lad’ who will be missed. They remembered him with a minute’s silence before a game played at the weekend. Chairman Bob Sperring tweeted: ‘It is with great sadness that we have to announce the passing of Brad Lewis. ‘Brad played with us a couple of seasons ago and was now back with us playing for our reserves. ‘Our thoughts are with his family and friends.’ A fundraising event in honour of Mr Lewis will be held next month, it has been announced. Mr Lewis’ family are being updated with developments in the investigation and supported by specially trained liason officers, Somerset and Avon Police said. Senior Investigating Officer Detective Inspector Ben Lavender said: ‘This is a devastating incident in which a man has lost his life and a thorough investigation will now be carried out to establish what happened. ‘An arrest has been made and we can confirm the victim and the person arrested were known to each other.’ There will be an increased police presence including more patrols to support and reassure the local community, DI Lavender added. Anyone who can help the investigation is asked to call 101 quoting reference number 5222071378. Alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.