Prince Andrew is set to receive £7 million from his older brother to cover the payout for his civil sexual assault case against Virginia Giuffre. After weeks of lingering questions about who exactly will foot the multi-million pound bill, it is understood Prince Charles will stump up the hefty sum, while the Queen will cover £2 million. Buckingham Palace has been mostly silent about the Duke of York’s decade-long battle with Ms Giuffre, which ended with an out-of-court settlement believed to have cost him some £12 million. Despite vowing to fight the allegations that he raped her when she was 17, which he vehemently denied since day one, Andrew decided not to risk a trial. Speaking on Charles’ decision to loan the money, a source told The Sun: ‘There were family discussions about how to “take a little from here and a little from there”. ‘Once it (money from the chalet) hits his bank account, he can pay back his brother and whoever else has lent him money. ‘But that payment (to Virginia) has to be paid on time. He can’t rely on selling the chalet. Too many things can go wrong and the court won’t wait for property queries.’ According to the newspaper, Andrew has just 10 days to pay the money to Ms Giuffre as part of his deal. It is also understood he has to pay the money back to the Queen and his brother when he gets the cash from the £17 million sale of his ski chalet in Switzerland. The prince is currently unemployed and a friend of his stated ‘he has no income or money to repay a bank loan so the family is the only way to guarantee the payment’. The papers filed with the New York court said he ‘intends to make a substantial donation to Ms Giuffre’s charity in support of victims’ rights’. While the royal has agreed a settlement, he has not accepted any guilt and continues to strenuously deny the allegations made against him. Metro.co.uk has contacted Prince Andrew and Buckingham Palace for a comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.