Disney says it is committed to repealing the so-called ‘don’t say gay’ bill, after the controversial legislation was written into law by US politicians in Florida. The company said the bill, more formally known as the Parental Rights in Education bill, ‘should never have passed’ and said it was working with both national and state organisations to have it repealed. On Monday the Republican governor of Florida, Ron DeSantis, signed the Bill into law, despite growing criticism that it marginalises LGBTQ people. The bill forbids instruction on sexual orientation and gender identity from pre-school to third grade. In a statement, the Walt Disney Company said: ‘Florida’s HB 1557, also known as the ‘Don’t Say Gay’ Bill, should never have passed and should never have been signed into law. ‘Our goal as a company is for this law to be repealed by the legislature or struck down in the courts, and we remain committed to supporting the national and state organisations working to achieve that. ‘We are dedicated to standing up for the rights and safety of LGBTQ+ members of the Disney family, as well as the LGBTQ+ community in Florida and across the country.’ The company and its CEO, Bob Chapek, were previously criticised for their slow response and not using its sizeable influence as the state’s largest private employer to quash the bill. The media behemoth was also reported by The Independent among others to be one of the companies who donated substantial amounts to Republican legislators and state officials who supported the bill. Earlier this month Disney suspended its political donations in the state, and many of its employees staged walkouts last week over the lack of action. Chapek also apologised in an employee memo for failing to be a ‘stronger ally in the fight for equal rights’. ‘It is clear that this is not just an issue about a bill in Florida, but instead yet another challenge to basic human rights,’ it read, via Buzzfeed. ‘You needed me to be a stronger ally in the fight for equal rights and I let you down. I am sorry. ‘I truly believe we are an infinitely better and stronger company because of our LGBTQ+ community. ‘I missed the mark in this case but am an ally you can count on – and I will be an outspoken champion for the protections, visibility, and opportunity you deserve.’ Speaking on the same day as the strike action, Oscar Isaac urged Disney to ‘come out as forcefully as possible’ against the divisive bill and labelled the law ‘insane’ and ‘ridiculous’. Riffing on its nickname, Isaac said: ‘I guess my comment would be: gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gayyyyyy!’ As reported by Variety, he added: ‘It’s an absolutely ridiculous law. It’s insane. It’s insanity. And I hope that Disney as a company comes out as forcefully as possible against this idea. ‘It’s astounding that it even exists in this country.’ Mark Ruffalo and Kerry Washington were also among those who said they stood by the company employees’ decision to stage walk-out protests and did not condone the actions of the global franchise, while Raven Symone led the walk out from her Disney series, Raven’s Home, in protest over the inaction. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Could Will Smith be stripped of his best actor Oscar following Chris Rock slap? MORE : Oscars launch formal investigation into Will Smith slapping Chris Rock and ‘condemns’ his actions 