Western sanctions imposed on Russia for its war in Ukraine have ‘no impact’ on Vladimir Putin and his inner circle of trusted advisors, according to an expert. Instead, ordinary Russians – such as the thousands of protesters in Moscow, St Petersberg and 31 other cities – could soon suffer ‘catastrophic consequences’. Economic sanctions expert Dr Nathanael Tilahun says the world could soon be looking at reports of food shortages in the country, or even famine. He told Metro.co.uk that at this point of the invasion, no country wants to be seen trading with Russia, which will further devastate the economy. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘I doubt sanctions have had any impact so far on the Russian government’, the Coventry University law scholar said. ‘The battle is being undertaken on two fields – economic and military – and Putin might have thought the country has enough economic reserves to sustain the war but suddenly, all of it is gone. ‘The Russian economy is now tumbling down, so there is a severe impact on civilians there, which, unfortunately, has not been covered by Western media. ‘We think all of these sanctions are simply going to affect the government – no, the government will be fine. The impact will be on ordinary people. ‘They can’t withdraw money from the banks as they are basically shut down, all industries will soon shut down too – so, think in terms of employment, imported products, etc. ‘We might see even more economic devastation impacting Russians, which I think in some ways is not fair as; if you think about it, people living in an authoritarian government are actually victims, so it is a very tough dilemma.’ In a wide-sweeping series of measures, the UK, the EU and the US have imposed sanctions on trading, traveling and have frozen the assets of Russia’s central bank, limiting its ability to access £470billion of its reserves, leaving it ‘on its knees’. Currently, there are 15 ‘hit-list’ individuals – including Putin and his right-hand man foreign minister Sergei Lavrov – who have been targeted for their links to the Kremlin. Selected Russian banks will also be removed from the Swift inter-bank payment system, which enables the smooth transfer of money across borders. Dr Tilahun insisted that what has been achieved in Russia in just one week, took five years to do in Iran over its nuclear weapons, but there is much more the West can do. For example, he said, the US could also impose a ban on the import of oil and gas, but this will see the prices go up even higher. If the war escalates even further, other Russian oligarchs in the UK could also be sanctioned but this will require reasonable grounds to suspect they are closely associated with Putin’s regime against Ukraine. If the government does not have enough evidence, the High Court could suspend any sanctions on assets, which also cover properties. Recently, the Government has been under fire for not seizing such assets from wealthy Russians, like Roman Abramovich, who listed his £100million Kensington Palace Gardens mansion on the market just days ago. Commenting on the UK’s role in this crisis, Dr Tilahun said: ‘In London, sometimes it is very difficult to know who owns what property. ‘Apparently, there is a legal loophole allowing anonymous ownership of such assets. ‘It is ridiculous to say that, I know. The UK has capacity to know but they have been turning a blind eye for decades because it is a lucrative area.’ Labour MP Layla Moran also told the Commons that the ‘level of ‘integration in “Londongrad”‘ means that any level of intervention by the government are not preventative, but rather constitute ‘damage limitation’. With every new day into the invasion of Ukraine, more and more world leaders are stepping up to offer support and add more sanctions. Just two weeks ago Germany confirmed it will go forward with the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline connecting the country with Russia, but was forced to scrap it days into Putin’s attack. Neighbouring Belarus, which has been accused of helping, is also facing fresh sanctions on top of those imposed after its disputed election in 2020. ‘Sanctions can be taken at a different levels of extremity but when it is taken at its maximum, as it is now with Russia, it can send a country into an economic crisis’, Dr Tilahun explained. ‘This is really something we have never seen before – that’s not an exaggeration. ‘Geopolitically, it is a fierce competition between NATO and Russia, and actually all the sanctions will also affect European and US economies badly, especially when it comes to fuel prices.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.