The ‘world’s luckiest dog’ has made a miraculous recovery after being run over by a bus. Rocky left vets ‘astounded’ by bouncing around just three days after a major operation to save him. The Bichon Frise, one, broke both hips after being crushed under the wheels of a single decker school bus in Somerset last week. His owner Matthew Lane feared the young pet would not pull through. ‘It was touch and go’, the 44-year-old said of the incident on Monday, March 21. ‘(Rocky’s) nose was bleeding and we thought we had lost him. No one really survives that, let alone a little dog. ‘It’s nothing short of a miracle, in all honesty.’ Rocky has now had a plate fitted around his hips and back and is staying with Matthew’s mother-in-law, Judith Plyer, 64, while he recovers. But he was delighted to briefly see his family again the operation, with his mood underlined by his newly shaved tail wagging enthusiastically. Vets had thought Rocky would only improve gradually after his accident but are now hopeful that he could make a full recovery. The dog dashed through the door as Matthew’s son Jack, 16, left for college and was struck. He had never run outside before. Jack ran after Rocky and scooped him up from the road. Jack’s Dad, who works with adults with learning disabilities, said: ‘There was nothing anyone could have done about it. He literally shot straight out the door.’ Before the accident, Rocky’s family say he was was extremely lively, with a lovely temperament and an eagerness to be around people. Matthew, of Crewkerne, near Yeovil, nd his wife Laura, 38, have eight kids, between the ages of 17 and seven months. Three of his youngest – Melody, who is nearly two, Elsie, three, and Joe, five, have particularly welcomed the puppy into their home. Matthew explained: ‘He likes messing about with the younger ones – he sees himself as one of them. ‘They like jumping around together, but if his plate slips he will probably never walk again.’ So Rocky is staying with Judith for a bit longer to allow him to recover. Rocky was operated on at Southern Counties Veterinary Specialists in Ringwood, near Bournemouth, last Wednesday – two days after being run over by the bus. He came home on Friday and was back walking by Saturday. The dog had initially been taken to Kingfisher Vets in Crewkerne, before being transferred/ Now, with half his body shaved for the operation, Rocky is eager to get back into family life. Matthew said: ‘He was so excited to see us all on Friday. ‘Because they have left his tail when shaving it looks like a big fluffy towel on the back of a chicken! ‘So of course, when he sees anybody his tail is going ten to the dozen.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Dad wears ‘cone of shame’ to make dog feel less rubbish about recovery from surgery