A baked bean fan has made a permanent declaration of love of the saucy food item. Now, he’s got his eyebrows tattooed to look like baked beans. The man known as Captain Beany has eight orange beans inked on to his eyebrows. It’s his latest charity stunt in the name of his love of beans. The inking happened in February 2022, and the 67-year-old said it took 90 minutes for the artist to complete. Captain Beany said: ‘Some say that I am totally mad and crazy, but in Heinz-sight, it is indeed part of my full-blown colourful persona.’ It’s not the first time the bean enthusiast has paid tribute to his obsession through tattoos. In 2014, he had baked beans tattooed on to his head for his 60th birthday. He said: ‘It was for a charity close to my heart and I the general public to sponsor a bean with their initials and we raised in total, the princely sum of £3,600.’ The money he’s raised will go towards charities increasing the awareness of dementia and Alzheimer’s disease. He added: ‘I was dabbling with the concept of having my eyebrows tattooed with baked beans since 2014 after my head of baked beans was duly created. ‘Finding a right time and one perfect charitable cause was always on the forefront in my mind or forehead for that reason. ‘I made up my mind to go with it to raise money for Alzheimer’s Research U.K. ‘The main reason being is that I have known countless community members suffering with this terrible disease one form or another.’ Captain Beany, works as a museum curator at his own Baked Bean Museum Of Excellence, in Port Talbot, South Wales. The museum opened in 2009 and Captain Beany has been collecting all things baked beans since 2005, and they’re showcased in the museum. He said: ‘There are well over 500 individual baked bean related items and I believe that this is the only one on the planet dedicated towards the humble baked bean.’ After getting his latest tattoo, Captain Beany went home and tucked into a plate of his favourite meal for tea. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Single baked beans lover called Captain Beany prepares for bean-covered Christmas dinner MORE : It looks like Greggs is bringing back the sausage, bean and cheese melt MORE : Shoppers slam M&S for ‘posh’ beans on toast costing £5