Dune was the big winner at the Baftas 2022, taking home five gongs on the night. The flick, starring Timothee Chalamet and Zendaya, stormed ahead at the star-studded bash, held at the Royal Albert Hall this evening. The Warner Bros epic dominated in the crafts categories, finishing with five trophies for best production design, best special visual effects, best cinematography, best sound and best original score. It was also an impressive night for those behind The Power of the Dog, with the film taking home the gongs for best film and best director, for Jane Campion. The filmmaker was not in attendance, with producer Tanya Seghatchian, picking up the accolade instead. ‘Our only regret is the great Jane cannot be standing here,’ Tanya told the star-studded crowd. ‘Jane, we are all standing on your shoulders tonight, you are a visionary whose trail has blazed through the last 30 years of cinema.’ Will Smith took home the best actor trophy for King Richard, while Joanna Scanlan grabbed best actress for After Love. Ariana DeBose picked up best supporting actress for West Side Story, as Troy Kotsur made history with his best supporting actor win – becoming the first deaf star to take home one of the main awards at the ceremony. ‘I really believe that it took a long time for Hollywood and for filmmakers to accept actors who happen to be deaf,’ Troy told Metro.co.uk and other press after the win. ‘And I noticed in general, there was so much fear – you’re afraid of what you don’t understand, or you’re afraid of financial risks, you have to cast A-listers, you’re worried about losing money and all of the above and really, it took years. ‘And now with CODA, it was really the right team and the right director, the right script and this authentic casting. ‘The deaf community is quite small and international deaf community is quite small but hearing people out there [they] just aren’t aware, they’re quite ignorant of it. ‘But thanks to our film it feels like that separation between the two worlds is now being pulled together and bridged as one so we can finally make that connection and understand each other.’ No Time To Die actress Lashana Lynch was crowned EE rising star in the only category nominated by viewers. While Sir Kenneth Branagh’s Belfast, the autobiographical film about his childhood during the Troubles, was named outstanding British film on the night. The star-studded ceremony at the Royal Albert Hall was hosted by Pitch Perfect actress Rebel Wilson, who kicked off proceedings by quipping about her weight loss transformation. She also flashed her middle finger to President Vladimir Putin, amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The EE British Academy Film Awards is available to stream on BBC iPlayer now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson leads Scott Hall tributes with WWE legend on life support after suffering three heart attacks MORE : Dancing on Ice 2022: Phillip Schofield sends ‘lots of love’ to co-star Holly Willoughby after she tested positive for Covid-19 