Jamie Oliver has told Dr Michael Mosley of his experiences with the food industry while making his 2015 Sugar Rush documentary, revealing that he felt threatened during the making of the show due to ‘multiple break-ins’. The celebrity chef and health campaigner, who recently revealed his first cookbook was ‘written on the back of beer mats’, sat down with the doctor and weight loss guru for his latest programme, the Channel 4 series Who Made Britain Fat?. Delving into the impact that the food industry has had on the nation’s waistlines, Oliver, 46, branded the trade ‘the mother of all businesses’. He also shared that he had been pursued by them while making Sugar Rush, which investigated the contribution sugar has made to rising global health problems. Alongside conversations he had with then-Prime Minister David Cameron about the UK’s sugar tax, which was eventually introduced in April 2018, the best-selling author admitted: ‘I was tracked down by every [food industry] CEO in every way.’ When Dr Mosley asked if the chef had felt menaced or threatened by the industry, Oliver hesitated before revealing that he had experienced multiple break-ins during the five-month period he was making Sugar Rush, as well as digital hacking, neither of which were things he had dealt with previously. ‘Honestly, I have to be really careful what I say here,’ he replied. ‘From the second I started producing Sugar Rush to the moment the sugar tax happened is the only time I have had in my life where there were multiple break-ins and people getting into our [digital] systems.’ He added: ‘The only time that has ever happened to me – let alone multiple times – was in that five-month period.’ Oliver also showed off the graph he had framed of childhood obesity rates, showing the disparity between poor and well-off children, which he said he put in the centre of the table for every discussion he had with Mr Cameron, to emphasise its impact. Dr Mosley has previously fronted shows for Channel 4 about Britain’s battle against obesity, including 21 Day Body Turnaround and the controversial Lose A Stone in 21 Days. The show faced backlash from viewers as well as eating disorder charities due to its restrictive nature. Michael Mosley: Who Made Britain Fat? continues on Wednesday, March 16 at 9pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Louise Minchin on ‘chilling’ stalking nightmare as daughter Mia speaks out for first time MORE : Kate Garraway enjoys night out for daughter Darcey’s 16th birthday after ‘tough week’ 