If your partner would do one thing differently when it comes to sex, what would one thing would you wish for? More variety? Taking charge? Better underwear? The easiest solution to this longing would be to tell our partners what we’re craving. But we love to make things complicated, so rather than just coming out and saying that we’d like it if our other half spent a little more time downtown, or stopped doing that thing with their tongue, we quietly hope they’ll read our minds. Perhaps this list of the top 10 sex-related things men and women want their partners to do will help. (Feel free to just leave this article open in a tab for your partner to oh-so-casually see.) The experts at IllicitEncounters surveyed 2,000 people to see what they’ve been wishing for in the bedroom, and found that the key things that would improve our love-making are, well, pretty obvious: trying new things, good technique, and lots of foreplay. But they also got a touch more specific, ranking men and women’s top 10s of sex-related things they wish their partner would do more. The top request among women, of their male partners? Be less selfish in bed. Men, meanwhile, would like it if women took the lead a little more. The good news: none of these tips and tricks are particularly challenging, and few are mutually exclusive (apart from sleeping after sex. Perhaps compromise with 10 minutes of cuddling before drifting off?). Jessica Leoni, sex and relationship expert at IllicitEncounters.com, said: ‘There are all kinds of tricks that we all wish our lovers would do to make sex better. ‘The key to a healthy sex life is being completely up front with your partner and sharing the best tricks that work. ‘What the results show is that men most crave a break in routine and getting out of a sex rut. ‘Women are bored by selfish lovers who don’t care if they orgasm, are clumsy with their hands and wear dirty old pants with holes in them!’ Sometimes the obvious advice is correct: if you want to improve your sex life, it’s worth talking more. That means sharing what you want more of, and asking your partner to do the same. But also, chuck out any holey pants. Easy. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : People with vaginas share exactly what they want you to do to their clitoris MORE : Try the corkscrew sex position for an intoxicating night without opening a bottle MORE : How to break out of the orgasm faking cycle