WWE Hall of Famer Scott Hall is reportedly on life support. The 63-year-old wrestler – who worked for both WWE and World Championship Wrestling during his illustrious in-ring career – is said to have suffered three heart attacks on Saturday night. As reported by PWTorch, he is being cared for at Wellstar Kennestone Hospital in Marietta, Georgia with the wrestling world praying for his recovery. He underwent hip replacement surgery last week, but he then suffered a serious complication after a blood clot got loose. A number of stars have paid tribute to Hall, including his former WCW boss Eric Bischoff, who tweeted: ‘Prayers for Scott Hall’ Hall’s close friend Diamond Dallas Page shared the news and wrote: ‘Speedy recovery my brother’ And ‘Road Dogg’ Jesse James added: ‘Your will be done God, not mine! I pray it’s your will for Scott Hall to make a full and speedy recovery #KICKOUTSCOTT (sic)’ Fans have also been paying their respects, as one tweeted: ‘Man I do the Scott Hall strut randomly like every day and catch myself saying “hey yo” the same way please pull through big man (sic)’ Another said: ‘I grew up in the Scott Hall times. This is so heartbreaking. He’s had demons and pain for so long and he fought like hell. I’ll always be proud to be his fan. Love ya Scott.’ Hall is held in high regard as one of wrestling’s most influential stars in the 1990s, starting with his days in the then-WWF as Razor Ramon before finding huge success as a member of the New World Order (nWo) when he and Kevin Nash jumped to WCW. He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2014, and has made occasional appearances for the company – including the following year when he came out with Hulk Hogan, Nash and Sean ‘X-Pac’ Waltman to help Sting during his WrestleMania 31 match with Triple H. They were looking to even the odds as The Game was backed by D-Generation X teammates Road Dogg, Billy Gunn and Shawn Michaels, but in the end Triple H picked up the win. Meanwhile, Hall again reunited with Hogan, Nash and Waltman for last year’s 2020/2021 combined Hall of Fame ceremony as the quartet were inducted as members of the nWo. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE star Big E provides incredible health update after suffering broken neck in horror fall MORE : WWE legend JBL would come out of retirement for the right match: ‘When you’re dead, you’re dead’ 