Jenson Button hailed Valtteri Bottas’ caring actions after Mick Schumacher was involved in a horrific crash in qualifying. The Saudi Arabian Grand Prix was heavily delayed on a red flag after the Haas driver span off the curb at Turn 10 and crashed into a concrete barrier at around 170mph. In the immediate aftermath, footage showed Alfa Romeo driver Bottas pulling up alongside Schumacher and asking if he was ok. ‘It’s the way it should be in sport,’ former British racing driver Button said about Bottas’ move. ‘The drivers are all there as competitors, but safety is paramount.’ His actions were widely praised by Formula One fans on social media too as confirmation came through the German driver had been taken to hospital as a precaution. Haas team principal Guenther Steiner said: ‘I didn’t speak with him directly; he’s spoken to his mum. I spoke with his mum a few times and kept her updated. ‘He has no injuries which you can see, they just wanted to check on him and do some scans to see that there’s no damage from the impact and the forces. ‘It seems like he’s gone on the curb and just lost the car. We just lost all the data immediately on the impact, we had no contact with him after the contact.’ The FIA also confirmed the 23-year-old had suffered ‘no injuries.’ ‘The FIA advises that an incident occurred during Qualifying for the 2022 FIA Formula 1 Saudi Arabian Grand Prix today, 26/03/22, involving car #47, Mick Schumacher,’ the statement read. ‘Assessment at the Medical Centre revealed no injuries, and he has been transferred to King Fahad Armed Forces Hospital, Jeddah, for precautionary checks.’ A dramatic evening on the Jeddah street circuit saw seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton fail to make it into Q2 and he will now start on the grid in 16th. Sergio Perez took pole ahead of the two Ferraris – Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz – with reigning champion Max Verstappen starting tomorrow’s race in fourth. MORE : F1 marshal quits Saudi Arabian GP over disgusting Lewis Hamilton crash tweet MORE : Lewis Hamilton explains disastrous Saudi Arabian qualifying display and apologises to Mercedes For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 