It’s said that birds of a feather flock together, but it’s not often they follow a friendly pensioner to her new house. Angela Davies hadn’t expected to make a friend for life when she headed out to feed the birds at her home in Duffryn, Newport, 14 years ago. But two inquisitive swans ‘popped up’ from behind a bush and approached her. After sampling her bird food, the pair have returned almost every day since to check in on Angela. She’s christened the male bird ‘Mr Swan’, although his mate remains nameless. When Angela moved, the swans even launched their own wild goose chase to track down their two-legged chum. They searched various gardens across her estate until they reached her. Angela said: ‘I’ve always been an animal person – for instance, I have three cats at the moment which were previously strays. ‘Also, back when I lived in Malaysia, I’d take in street dogs; abandoned puppies who’d been thrown into the gutter. ‘And I think the swans sense that. Although I never thought for one minute they’d still be visiting me all these years later. ‘They’ve enriched my life so much.’ As Newport’s answer to Snow White, all Angela needs to do is call out and her animal friends come running. And she quite literally has them eating out the palm of her hand. She added: ‘Don’t ask me how much I spend on bird seed and brown bread. If the female’s had about six cygnets they can get through about six loaves a day. ‘So you’ll find me in the “reduced” aisle at the supermarket quite regularly. ‘I’ve had to go out with a sweeping brush sometimes to shoo them from the busy main road and, as far as the male’s concerned, anything can represent a potential threat to his babies – even parked cars.’ The paranoid Mr Swan has been known to spar with his own reflection on sunny days. And as non-migratory birds, the swans – which are protected by law – will always call Duffryn home. Angela isn’t the only pensioner with such a special bond. Retired postman Recep Mirzan struck up a similar feathered friendship after he nursed a poorly swan back to health 37 years ago. The 63-year-old found the bird with a damaged wind and took her to his home in Karaagac, Turkey. Even after its wing healed, the swan stayed with Recep and also befriended the cats and dogs in the area. He said: ‘We got used to each other. We never separated.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.