Powerful images of empty supermarkets in Ukraine lay bare the devastating impact of the war on daily life. Supermarket shelves are bare in the capital Kyiv, which has bore the brunt of the missile attacks since the Russian invasion six days ago. The usually bustling city is deserted of civilians, who have been seeking safety in underground metro stations and basements as war rages above ground. Air raid sirens warning residents to find shelter have become a daily occurrence in the besieged capital, which has been under a 39-hour curfew. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live That was finally lifted on Monday morning – the first time in days people saw the sunlight. But instead of simply enjoying the crisp spring air, locals faced a battle to find basic foods and goods as hundreds flocked to the handful of shops that were open. Footage shared on social media shows huge queues piling up at supermarkets, where supplies are limited. Oz Katerji, a journalist reporting from Ukraine, tweeted: ‘Chaos in central Kyiv, curfew has been lifted and hundreds are flocking to the only open shops to stock up on food. ‘The shelves here are getting bare and there’s little chance of a resupply. If the fighting doesn’t stop soon we’re heading for a humanitarian disaster here.’ In response to his tweet, a local resident said: ‘It’s true, in my area of north Kyiv, we have no bread, no fresh fruits or vegies, shelves are almost empty, even pet shops are run out of products.’ Another person described ‘big problems with food’ and ‘huge queues at the entrance to supermarkets’, while a third person spoke of being ‘very scared’ and ‘living in basements asking for help’. ‘We are running out of food and the shops are empty, everything is closed,’ they said. The conflict has created logistical difficulties in getting supplies to the capital, and there are fears people will starve without humanitarian intervention. Global affairs analyst Michael Bociurkiw said thousands of people are likely to be stuck in their homes without food. He shared a video of a supermarket queue snaking around the block, sent to him by a friend in central Kyiv. His friend told him: ‘Supermarkets are empty or closed, people soon will starve. We managed to enter Silpo at 8, shelves were half empty; after us 100s of people. Other shops closed. Thousands of old people now in their flats without food.’ Authorities in Kyiv ordered the curfew from 5pm Saturday today until Monday morning to protect civilians from Russian gunfire and bombings. Residents were told they would be considered ‘members of sabotage groups of the enemy’ if they ventured outside. Shops and gas stations were closed – but many of them were empty of  essential goods anyway. The Ukrainian government has requested help from the World Food Programme (WFP) to assist with the impending humanitarian crisis. More than half a million people have fled Ukraine since the invasion began on Thursday. The WFP said it is launching an emergency operation to provide food for refugees headed to neighbouring countries, ‘initially focusing on Romania and Poland and then possibly Moldovia and Slovakia’. But it is not clear what assistance is being provided for those staying put. The charity said that food supplies ‘are running low’ in Kyiv, ‘with grocery store shelves almost empty’. It added: ‘Food shortages will be another obstacle facing residents of Kyiv, many of whom have taken shelter in metro stations.’ It has called for $570m (£424m) to assist with its emergency response. The UN has also launched an appeal to fund humanitarian operations within Ukraine. The UK’s ambassador to the organisation has warned the country ‘is on the brink of humanitarian catastrophe’. Dame Barbara Woodward added her voice to those accusing the Kremlin of launching ‘indiscriminate attacks against men, women and children’ and violating international law. Speaking at a UN security council meeting, she said people all over the country are suffering. ‘As a result of President Putin’s decision to launch a full-scale invasion of Ukraine, a country of 44 million people is now on the brink of humanitarian catastrophe,’ she said. ‘Missiles have rained down on Kharkiv, with cluster munitions hitting residential areas and injuring residents. Disruption to supply chains has caused food shortages in Kramatorsk. ‘The reckless bombing of an oil depot in Vasylkiv, has unleashed toxic fumes in nearby communities. ‘Violence in Kyiv has forced people to seek refuge underground, with many thousands, including the elderly and disabled, unable to evacuate.’ The chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court said he plans to open an investigation ‘as rapidly as possible’ into possible war crimes and crimes against humanity in Ukraine. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has also accused Putin of using ‘barbaric and indiscriminate’ tactics against civilians as he pledged further sanctions against Russia to ensure its invasion fails. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.    