Perhaps the person least overwhelmed by Christian Eriksen’s return to the Premier League is Christian Eriksen himself. Three games into his comeback with Brentford the sheer amazement of seeing the Dane on a football pitch has yet to wear off. Eriksen, the man who ‘died for five minutes’ during Euro 2020 last summer, a nightmare broadcast live on millions of televisions on a Saturday afternoon, fans across the globe frozen in horror as a household name fought for his life. That Eriksen survived a cardiac arrest is a well-documented miracle. That he is back doing what he does best, on the top-flight stage he graced for six years in a Tottenham shirt, is no less extraordinary. And yet such is his unassuming demeanour and effortless approach to the game it appears the person least likely to be bowled over in incredulity is Eriksen. Brentford supporters certainly can’t believe their luck. Nor can their club. A fanbase and community already saturated in replica shirts following a first Premier League promotion has found it’s got room for one more item in the wardrobe. As the Bees hosted Burnley last week, red-and-white shirts bearing Eriksen’s name and number (21) were everywhere. Watching the 29-year-old make his first start at his new home I couldn’t help thinking how it is great to see Eriksen live. Then again, it’s great to see him alive. The game between two relegation rivals wasn’t quite as special. Brentford huffed, Burnley puffed and amidst it all Eriksen was the one player to have time on the ball, the only man to grasp the bigger picture and see several moves ahead. Drifting towards a rugged stalemate, he swung the contest in the hosts’ favour with a nonchalant shuffle and waft of his left foot, dropping the perfect cross onto Ivan Toney’s head for the decisive goal. In injury-time, he found the striker with a searching through ball which provoked the penalty which iced the cake. Three huge points secured on the road to survival, Brentford’s supporters erupted in an outpouring of ecstasy and adulation. Eriksen applauded the stands self-consciously and shuffled away stage left. Remarkable and unremarkable all at the same time. @gavbrown_metro MORE : Brandon Williams angrily confronts Christian Eriksen before realising who it is MORE : Bryan Mbeumo reveals how Brentford plan to avoid relegation and hails ‘world-class’ January signing Christian Eriksen For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 