A McDonald’s superfan handcuffed himself to one of Russia’s fast food restaurants in a dramatic bid to stop it closing down. The man – identified online as pianist Luka Safronov, the son of famous Russian artist Nikas Safronov – staged his last-minute protest outside the outlet in Pushkin Square, Moscow. Video circulating on Twitter shows police trying to release his chains before two officers take him away. ‘Closing down is an act of hostility against me and my fellow citizens,’ the 32-year-old musician can be heard yelling. It comes after McDonald’s announced plans to shut all 850 Russian branches in response to Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. Brave protesters demonstrated against Putin’s regime across the country, leading to more than 750 arrests. Independent monitoring group OVD-Info said there were rallies in 37 Russian cities, with about half of the arrests in Moscow. Kremlin’s fiercest critic Alexei Navalny, who is currently in jail, called for anti-war protests before the weekend of action. ‘Mad maniac Putin will most quickly be stopped by the people of Russia now if they oppose the war’, a post on Instagram said. ‘You need to go to anti-war rallies every weekend, even if it seems that everyone has either left or got scared. You are the backbone of the movement against war and death.’ Since the Russian invasion started almost three weeks ago, nearly 15,000 people have been arrested at similar pickets. Moscow’s Manezhnaya Square, where Mr Navalny had called for a protest, was cordoned off with police rails. According to OVD-Info, police checked the phones of people in the area for any protest-related information. Unauthorised protests have been banned in Russia since 2014 and breaches of the rules can lead to up to 15 days detention for a first offence. The Kremlin went even further in curbing free speech earlier this month when it brought in two laws criminalising independent war reporting in the country and protesting the war, with penalties of up to 15 years in prison. ‘These new laws are part of Russia’s ruthless effort to suppress all dissent and make sure the population does not have access to any information that contradicts the Kremlin’s narrative about the invasion of Ukraine,’ said Hugh Williamson, from Human Rights Watch. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.