Susanna Reid has opened up about staying close to her former TV ‘husband’ Piers Morgan after his dramatic departure from Good Morning Britain. Speaking to Fabulous magazine, the presenter and mum-of-three, 51, said that Piers is still ‘really important’ to her and that they still have an ‘incredible dynamic’. The star also revealed how she’s planning to dial down her stellar 21-year career in order to focus more on her sons, who are about to do their GCSEs and A-Levels. This Wednesday marks a year since her former co-presenter Piers dramatically walked off set following comments he made about Meghan Markle. For five years, the two hosts were unstoppable as a partnership, beating BBC Breakfast in the ratings for the first time ever on the day that Piers left the show. Reflecting on the past 12 months without him, she said: ‘We stay in touch and he’s a really important person in my life. We had such an amazing time and that was an incredible dynamic. ‘He really put his imprint on the programme and it was very powerful. I remember early on, the rows about the role of women and feminism, and those arguments felt like the big issue at the time, and then, of course, we moved on to Brexit and Trump. ‘We went through some really difficult times together as a team and those were very powerful moments. And when it came to the lockdown, the pandemic and holding the government to account, he was just unrivalled at holding their feet to the fire, but then it ended. ‘All presenting gigs come to an end at some point, don’t they? As they will for all of us. He’s a friend of mine and that won’t change.’ During the interview, she also touched on how Piers gets more trolling than her, despite the fact it’s usually women who suffer most. She reflected on how Piers, who she described as a ‘brilliant broadcaster’ is met by ‘dreadful’ abuse, adding that it is up to individuals on whether they take notice of the comments or not. At the time of the storming off, Piers revealed that he was ‘disappointed’ by Susanna’s reaction. Speaking to Tucker Carlson, he said: ‘Susanna, my co-host for five years, is a good friend of mine’ ‘I honestly think she was in the grip of fear. I think she was fearful that if she went too far saying nice things about me, the same thing might happen to her.’ He added: ‘There would be a huge Twitter pile on by an orchestrated mob.’ Piers is now launching a new TV show on News UK channel TalkTV, which is due to get going in the spring. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘For services to wrecking millions of kids’ education’: Piers Morgan and Susanna Reid criticise Gavin Williamson knighthood MORE : Piers Morgan ‘devastated’ over sporting legend Shane Warne’s death as stars pay tribute: ‘He was a genius cricketer, supreme entertainer and fantastic bloke’ 