Comic Relief viewers have been left baffled as the BBC show appeared to face a technical blunder just 20 minutes into the show…during the Magic Goes Wrong performance. How very convenient. Hosts Alesha Dixon and Paddy McGuinness welcomed the Mind Mangler (played by Henry Lewis) to the stage shortly after Fantastic Beasts stars Eddie Redmayne and Jude Law surprised some school kids with a trip to the Wizarding World. However, during the Mind Mangler’s very brief appearance, viewers could still hear Eddie and Jude dubbed over the top. The segment was quickly cut short, with Alesha saying: ‘Give it up for the Mind Mangler!’ before correcting herself and noting that there had been a ‘technical fault’. But viewers couldn’t help but note the very apt timing of things going wrong and questioned whether it was planned all along. ‘When @mischiefcomedy’s Magic Goes Wrong…. goes wrong,’ one pointed out, while another added: ‘@magicgoeswrong literally going wrong is the most 2022 thing.’ ‘Not @magicgoeswrong on #ComicRelief #RedNoseDay genuinely going wrong!!’ another said, with one more saying: ‘Is it wrong that I genuinely can’t tell if that Mind Mangler bit was genuinely supposed to happen, or if it was an actual technical fault?’ Henry later returned to the stage for his full performance. As for whether or not it was planned, a source told Metro.co.uk: ‘The Mind Mangler had a feeling something like this might happen…’ Magic Goes Wrong, written by Henry, Jonathan Sayer, Henry Shields (of Mischief Theatre Company) and Penn & Teller, is the latest in the Goes Wrong series of shows, following the likes of The Play That Goes Wrong. Paddy and Alesha are hosting Comic Relief 2022 alongside David Tennant and Sir Lenny Henry, with Zoe Ball being forced to miss the show due to contracting Covid-19. Even though the radio star won’t be able to join in with the festivities in person, she assured fans that she’ll be tuning in at home like the rest of us – with Britain’s Got Talent judge Alesha covering her absence. Confirming the news on Twitter, she wrote: ‘pook ! fell at last hurdle and have had positive lat flows this am- noooooooo – gorgeous @AleshaOfficial is going to work the double shift tonight on @ComicRelief, i owe you lady love – good luck to A, Lenny, David, Paddy, AJ, Vernon, & the @comicrelief gang.’ Underneath the post, she added: ‘there are so many brilliant treats in store tonight. i’ll be watching & supporting from bed (probably in full make up, outfit, heels and all) might invite @joeldommett over #sickbay COMIC RELIEF @BBCOne 7pm #rednoseday.’ Comic Relief is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Comic Relief 2022: A timeline of Matt Lucas and David Walliams’ feud MORE : Rosie Jones: ‘I was terrified over Comic Relief opera challenge but it’s absolutely changed my life’ 