History student Ellie Johnson had been suffering from abdominal pain for months and suspected she had some kind of ‘blockage’ in her body. She didn’t expect that ‘blockage’ to be a baby, and only discovered the truth when her child’s head emerged. Ellie, 24, was taking the contraceptive pill and says she didn’t have any symptoms apart from tummy pain while unknowingly pregnant. The then masters student even took three pregnancy tests, which all came back negative. And two days before giving birth, Ellie’s pain prompted her to get an ultrasound – where, again, she claims doctors didn’t spot the pregnancy. Ellie, of Henham, Essex, said: ‘I didn’t know I was pregnant until I was giving birth. ‘I was on the contraceptive pill. I was taking it every day and even through my pregnancy, I was taking it every day. ‘I didn’t really have any symptoms. I was still having periods every month and didn’t have a bump or anything like that. ‘In the August, I went away on a girl’s holiday and was drinking every night, as you do. ‘The weekend before she was born I flew up to Edinburgh and was out on a pub crawl for two nights for my friend’s birthday and then flew back home and was horrifically sick on the plane. I just thought it was because of the weekend. ‘Up until she literally dropped out of me, I was going to university four times a week and that was a four-hour round trip every day. ‘I was also travelling to a volunteership one day a week and working two retail jobs, so I didn’t really stop.’ The mum-of-one had her first doctor’s appointment in September 2018 and saw a gastroenterologist specialist the following month. Ellie claims she had blood tests where no hormones were detected that indicated that she was expecting. ‘The only reason I started going to the doctors was because I had stomach pain, was really uncomfortable and felt like I was putting on weight. ‘I did a pregnancy test at home and thought “oh, it’s negative, it can’t be that” and had six doctors say that I wasn’t pregnant. ‘I went to the doctors and they looked me over, sent me for some blood tests and gave me a pregnancy test while I was there, and it came back negative. ‘They thought it was something to do with my digestive system so I was sent to specialists. All of the easy stuff was being ruled out by tests and they thought it was quite serious and that I basically had a blockage somewhere. ‘I’d wake up one morning and I’d feel like I’d eaten a full English breakfast, I’d feel full. ‘Some mornings the top part of my stomach would be bloated and the next morning I’d wake up and be totally fine, my stomach would be back to normal and I was in my size 10 jeans and off I went.’ On December 20, 2018, Ellie claims she had an ultrasound of her stomach and ribs where she was told that everything appeared normal. The next day, she went out for dinner and drinks to celebrate her grandmother’s birthday, but when she went to bed at around 10pm, she started experiencing horrific stomach and back pain. After vomiting for four hours, Ellie and her mum called an ambulance and she was taken to A&E. There, the pain got worse. ‘I genuinely thought because of everything, that my intestines were coming out of my bum,’ she said. As she lay on the bed, a nurse and doctors checked Ellie over – then saw her baby’s head begin to crown. ‘I didn’t quite believe it,’ said the mum. ‘I thought I was hallucinating at that point as well because of the pain and then I had this bundle put next to me and cuddled up with me, and there was a little baby face.’ Little Alicia Johnson was born at 5:40am on December 22, 2018 weighing 6lbs 12oz at around 37 weeks. The whole ordeal was quite a shock, but Ellie couldn’t be happier. She believes her pregnancy wasn’t spotted on the ultrasround because her baby’s back was against her spine, and that taking the pill meant pregnancy hormones weren’t detected in tests. Ellie, who now works as an administrator, said: ‘Because I was still in that panic mode, my first reaction was “I can’t be a mum, I can’t do it, please don’t.” ‘I spent 20 minutes alone with her and said “you know what, if my body could have done that, I can do it, it’s meant to be” and I just fell in love with her at that point anyway. ‘The only way I can describe Alicia is that she’s a whirlwind of energy. She’s an absolute little fighter, she had nothing wrong with her and we joke that she was pickled through the pregnancy. ‘But she is incredible, smart and she started walking when she was 11-months-old. She is just amazing and full of beans. ‘I can’t imagine my life without her now. It’s crazy.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Pregnant woman stuns strangers with her giant bump MORE : Experts share eight top tips for going on holiday with a baby MORE : Mum gives birth to 11lbs 5oz baby weighing the same as a bowling ball