ITV’s reporters and camera crew were left terrified after having guns and a tank aimed at them by the Russian army. The chilling footage was shown on Thursday’s Good Morning Britain as the crew fled Mariupol in the Ukraine ahead of fierce shelling from Russian forces. Reporter John Irvine and the crew who have been reporting from Ukraine were forced to flee the city in a convoy but ended up staring down the barrel of guns and a tank turret after Russian soldiers were ‘spooked’ by something. Sharing the shocking footage, host Susanna Reid told viewers: ‘John Irvine has been in Mariupol and he and his news crew – because it’s not just those in front of camera, they couldn’t do it without every single person behind the camera and all the fixers and those who help on the ground who sometimes don’t have the same freedoms – they joined the last convoy our of Mariupol.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live John continued in a voiceover on the video: ‘At one point, the tank turret turned our way. We were staring down the barrel. ‘It’s not clear what spooked them, but something definitely did and suddenly some of the Russian soldiers to the right and left of the tank were kneeling and aiming their rifles at our convoy.’ Susanna shuddered after the clip, adding that the mayor of Mariupol has said that Russian forces are now actively preventing the evacuation of citizens and says a ‘full-scale genocide is underway’. Fighting has been going on for eight days so far, with Russia ‘seizing’ the city of Kherson overnight. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lizzo shuts down body shamers as she embraces being a body icon and ‘creating her own beauty standard’ MORE : Neighbours confirms show has been axed after 37 years: ‘We have no option but to rest the show’ 