Council tax will rise across England from tomorrow, with the average Band D property facing an increase of £67. The hike comes at the same time as a cost-of-living crisis that has sent National Insurance, inflation and energy bills soaring while income tax thresholds are being frozen – leading to the biggest fall in living standards in 70 years. Most Brits will now be paying £2,000 a year in council tax, which pays for vital local services like schools, rubbish and recycling collections and some adult social care. However, exactly how much you pay will depend on the value of your property and where you live. Band D is typically used for comparisons as it is in the middle of the range, with band A properties having the lowest value and band H being the highest in England. According to the Department for Levelling Up, Housing & Communities, Northumberland now has the highest council tax in the country, with Band D properties paying £1,988 per year. The cheapest area for council tax is Westminster in central London, where Band D pays £866. Council tax is falling in just four of the 329 local authorities in England – Mansfield, Selby, South Ribble and Wandsworth. It is rising everywhere else by an average of 3.5% across England  – despite Tory ministers previously insisting most rises would be capped at 3%. The average 3.5% rise is below the 4.4% rise in 2021/22 and is also the lowest year-on-year increase since 2016/17. However, it comes at a time when households are already feeling the squeeze due to rising food and fuel prices. The council tax figures do not take into account the £150 rebate that will be provided to households in Bands A to D by the government. This measure was intended to help families pay for spiralling energy costs – but it means almost half of that support will be swallowed up by the tax increase. Households will see the biggest rise in the cost of energy in living memory from Friday when bills increase by 54%, or almost £700, to just under £2,000 a year. Brits also face a 1.25% hike in National Insurance to help pay for health and social care from next month. Last week, the rate of inflation soared to its highest level in 30 years, causing the price of everyday goods to increase. Inflation is expected to rise again to 8% in the coming weeks as the impacts as the global repercussions of Russia’s war on Ukraine are felt. The Executive Director of Tax Justice UK, Robert Palmer, said the council tax increase will ‘worsen the cost of living scandal faced by families right now’. MORE : Food bank users turning down potatoes ‘because they can’t afford to boil them’ MORE : ‘Our life has become one of survival’: The cost of living in 2022 He said: ‘An increase in council tax will hit poorer households much harder than wealthier ones. It’s a political choice to be allowing council tax to rise while also putting up national insurance. ‘Rishi Sunak needs to rethink. He should close the tax loopholes open to the rich and powerful. ‘He should also implement a windfall tax on oil and gas companies like BP who are enjoying a massive windfall while people across the country struggle to pay their energy bills.’ Meanwhile Andrew Dixon, founder of campaign group Fairer Share, has called for an overhaul of the  entire council tax system, which is based on what homes would have been worth in 1991. He said: ‘The latest council tax rises are exorbitant, inequitable and an affront to millions of people in modest homes up and down the UK. ‘The Chancellor now urgently needs to stop fiddling while Rome burns. ‘As the cost of living crisis escalates yet further, the time has come to kill off council tax and stamp duty and bring in a modern proportional property tax which reflects existing property prices, not values from over 30 years ago.’  Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.   