Her Roomies is a new way to rent and find a home for women. Having now launched in the UK with 30,000 student rooms, the brand manager, Chiara Fraser, is keen to expand the company’s presence in the rental scene. You might wonder why it’s necessary to have a women-only rental space, but for many this will be an empowering and reassuring move – many women only want to live with other women, just as many men want to live with only men. Chiara found this to be the case when she was looking to rent in Barcelona, in which she believes she ‘missed out’ on good places. She tells Metro.co.uk: ‘Going through my own rental journey and experience really showcased the limitations that I felt as a woman and a renter as to the platform options that were available and what they offered. ‘I had a budget for a room or a co-living and wasn’t sure what I wanted to rent – I soon realised after spending ages going through the available platforms and scouring through the different websites, making multiple requests over these various spaces, meant I was wasting so much time. ‘I also found myself constantly “filtering” for female sharing only on the generic platforms as I wanted to live with other girls, so I thought, why isn’t there a platform built around us women and our needs, where we are finally the protagonists of our own rental journey?’ Ideal Flatmate, a mixed gender rental platform, found there is a gender gap across England, with their research suggesting 17.9% of men spend 35.5% of their salary on rent while women pay 53.4%. Chiara says this will undoubtedly affect womens’ property choices, adding: ‘We can’t change this at Her Roomies, but we can give women a bespoke space where they can find better rental opportunities more quickly and safely, which we believe is key and will benefit women immensely.’ Chiara adds she felt the need to create Her Roomies because many women turn to Facebook groups to find flat mates, so this streamlines the process with one community. ‘They try to find support and guidance,’ she says, ‘and a community they could rely on where they could gain and seek advice and meet other female renters.’ As for safety, the site clearly shows ‘verified’ and ‘unverified’ listings, so users know which ones have been checked. She explains: ‘We have a home verification add-on service, which verifies the rental space and looks at over 150 different touchpoints. ‘What’s important to us is that these touchpoints consider the female perspective- so, for example – they go beyond the standard checks and look at things such as lighting on the street, the type of locks the house has and the general neighbourhood safety.’ Chiara says the feedback has been ‘overwhelmingly positive’ from Her Roomies users. ‘From day one we’ve had messages saying: ‘We are so happy we found you. I can’t believe a space like this didn’t exist before. It makes us feel safe.’ ‘We have even received messages from women who are not even currently searching for a rental opportunity but wanted us to know things like: “It’s such a shame Her Roomies didn’t exist when I was looking for a rental as I would have loved to have had something like this to turn to.”‘ For women seeking out a female community alongside a home, this might be a place to turn to. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What I Rent: Michael and Leo, £1,400 a month for a one-bedroom flat in Richmond, London MORE : Map reveals UK’s booming rental prices as London average hits £2,100 a month MORE : These are the most-viewed rental properties – according to Zoopla