Two women who found out they had been switched at birth 55 years after a US hospital mixed them up said the discovery was ‘heartbreaking’. Tina Ennis and Jill Lopez, now 57, were both born on May 18 in 1964. Somehow the Duncan Physicians and Surgeons Hospital, in Oklahoma, gave the wrong baby to the wrong parents. Tina was the one who made the revelation in 2019 – when she did an Ancestry.com DNA test to learn more about her granddad. The results came back with a list of names Tina did not recognise, including the names of those who she would later discover were her biological parents –  Joyce and John Brister. Tina’s mum, Kathryn Jones, took the same test and sure enough their results did not match. That was when Tina’s daughter, 26, suggested her mum may have been switched with someone else at birth. Tina started to look for people who shared her birthday online and eventually, she found Jill – who looked just like Kathryn. Jill also did a DNA test and discovered Kathryn was her biological mum. Now, the trio have spoken out about how the ordeal has affected them. Tina said: ‘All I could think about was how I was going to tell my mom. I just thought she’s not going to be able to handle it.’ At first, Kathryn did not believe what she was being told – until she was shown a photo of Jill and thought it was an old picture of herself. When she finally accepted the truth, Kathryn was ‘totally devastated and heartbroken’, saying it felt like ‘somebody took a hatchet’ to her heart. Kathryn said: ‘I could not lose Tina. She’ll always be my daughter. I have loved her from the second they laid her in my arms.’ Kathryn has had the chance to spend some time with her biological daughter Jill, but Tina’s biological parents had already died by the time the two families made the discovery. Now Tina, Kathryn and Jill are suing Duncan Physicians and Surgeons Hospital, now part of Duncan Regional Hospital, for recklessness and negligent infliction of emotional distress. Tina said: ‘There’s so many people involved, it’s not just me and Jill – it’s two entire families.’ The hospital reportedly argues that it is no longer the same hospital responsible for the mix-up because the two were merged in 1975. Metro.co.uk has contacted the hospital for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.