The next Full Moon is on March 18, 2022. Full Moons present more opportunity for reflection than action. They bring an insightful, illuminating, contemplative energy to our world and make us pause to think about things we haven’t yet fully clarified or expressed. They bring stuff to the surface, basically. This Full Moon occurs in the Sun sign of Pisces and therefore sits with the opposing Moon sign of Virgo. These two signs are extremely different, on the surface: dreamy, imaginative and fluid Pisces vs practical, critical and disciplined Virgo. Yet both have expansive and creative planetary rulers in Jupiter and Mercury respectively, both are creators, both are mutable signs, which means they have a good sense of the world around them and how it’s changing, and how they need to get ahead of the curve. This Full Moon is a wonderful time to meditate on what’s likely to change or be shifting in your life very soon, and what practical steps or measures you could put in place now to prepare or adjust for the inevitable. Use Pisces’ psychic twinkle and Virgo’s pragmatic organisation skills to future-proof your world. Be one step ahead. Be ready. Ready to discover what you need to prepare for? Let the tarot give you a clue… March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for the Full Moon in Virgo: Five of Cups Meaning: The most significant way you can prepare yourself for what’s ahead, Aries, is to acknowledge the stage, or level, of grief or regret you feel about something in your past, and just live with it a little while, to get past it and process it. Something is dogging your heels, causing you to look back rather than ahead, and it just needs a little of your attention. Turn around and sit with it a while. Find out what remains unresolved and address it. Look back in order to move ahead lighter and brighter. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for the Full Moon in Virgo: Knight of Coins Meaning: Security is such a strong theme and need in your life, Taurus, and you don’t feel right at all unless you feel secure. The Knight of Coins asks you to mentally pressure-test your security levels and boundaries. Does anything feel wobbly, in need of repair or boosting, in need of updating or changing? Think about your finances, legalities, contractual admin, work and home. Look at your policies, commitments, investments, debts, and assets. A little bit of work now could equal a big saving or reward down the line. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for the Full Moon in Virgo: Ace of Cups Meaning: You are the kind of personality who needs things to look forward to, and plenty of them. Boredom and routine literally stifle your spirit, and make you feel low. The Ace of Cups asks you to look at the coming month and sprinkle in a few treats, trips and indulgences for yourself in the coming weeks. Make sure you’ve got a regular drum beat of treats to work towards. This keep you forward-facing and feeling enthused, which is basically you at your best! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for the Full Moon in Virgo: Six of Wands Meaning: You are on a roll with the victorious Six of Wands and things have been better, so keep that vibe going, Cancer! Look at what’s working, consciously identify and recognise it and put steps in place to continue the momentum and support the positives in your life. Celebrate. Ask for more. Be brave. Step forwards into new situations which could turn into something amazing later. Use this platform of current success to build on and create future gains. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for the Full Moon in Virgo: The Sun Meaning: The Sun is the tarot’s most positive card (love, joy, prosperity, success, sunny days, global travel) and also represents your star sign, so I feel this Full Moon is a turning point for you between the past and future. If you can consciously turn your gaze and fixate on your most inspiring dream, and take overt steps towards it, things will start to happen that propel you there faster than you can imagine. The Universe is backing you right now. Use this energy to make dreams come true. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for the Full Moon in Virgo: The Fool Meaning: The Fool is the tarot’s first card and patron saint of new beginnings, so it’s a major hint that a total fresh start lies ahead for you, and you know it. This is exciting, hopeful, full of potential, and everything is there to play for. Use this Full Moon to dream a dream about what you want to bring into your life and think about how you can make that first step this coming spring. You just need to plan and execute that initial step, and the rest will flow from there. Get ready to turn the page to a new chapter. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for the Full Moon in Virgo: Two of Cups Meaning: Relationships take work, in the long run. You’re ruled by Venus, the goddess of love, so you understand this truth. Your closest bond needs some attention, and you can see a problem emerging if you don’t take some time out and refocus on what’s been drifting or fading or unravelling. It’s all fixable, but it does require a focused effort from you to talk to your other half (or close friend or family member) and get to the bottom of things, and fix them at that root cause level. Reflect on this, this Full Moon. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for the Full Moon in Virgo: Eight of Cups Meaning: A simple ask of you this Full Moon, Scorpio, is to release the dead wood and dead weight, the burdens and commitments you’ve been carrying alone, which no longer serve or work for you. The Eight of Cups gives you total permission to let go of anything that isn’t rewarding or fulfilling you. To take on new, fresh opportunity in the near future, you need to clear the decks a little. Things have mounted up. Audit what you do, and for whom. And trim off the unnecessary and negative. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for the Full Moon in Virgo: Death Meaning: You’re about to go through a significant personal transformation in your life, so start to mentally adjust to feel open-minded, open-hearted, and ready for change. Death is a powerful card about one cycle in life ending, to be replaced by a new one, the process of release of the old in order to build new. Reflect on where you’re at in your life with things – what’s new, growing, fading or over. What the ebb and flow is like. Emotionally allow yourself to let go of things, and to feel excited about their replacements. You’re on the brink of a new dawn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for the Full Moon in Virgo: The Moon Meaning: You need to put your detective hat on this Full Moon, Cap, and suss out a mystery in your corner of the world. The Moon shows that your future decisions would be ill-informed if you didn’t uncover this secret or expose this illusion. Zoom in on a place that feels false. Ask questions, look beneath the façade, reflect on the true motivations of those involved, look at the reality of what happens vs what is told. You’ll crack this nut, and it will change your future pathway. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for the Full Moon in Virgo: Seven of Swords Meaning: You’re an open-hearted and truthful person by nature, and you, by default, tend to expect the same of others. Which is a shame because not everyone is as wholesome or honest as you are. The Seven of Swords asks you to notice where there is potential shade in your life (with people or situations) and do more to protect yourself in future there. It might be as a blunt as withdrawing from them all together, it might be about distance or cautious interaction, it might be about playing a game yourself. Consider and adjust. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for the Full Moon in Virgo: Page of Cups Meaning: You want to get the magic back in your life, you want to feel wonder and enchantment at the world around you again. You’ve been feeling kind of beat down with the news and the noise and the troubles in the world. Pisces, use this Full Moon to reflect on how you can adjust your exposure to the real world and your interaction with your imaginary world to better suit your true desires and nature. You’re sensitive. You’re imaginative. You need to protect your empathetic nature and encourage forth your creative one. Make changes. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Which star signs clash the most? These are the ones you should avoid MORE : How to do a love tarot and read your own relationship fortune MORE : What each star sign needs most in a relationship