It’s been 10 years since we first saw Jennifer Lawrence’s Katniss Everdeen and Josh Hutcherson’s Peeta Mellark head into the Hunger Games in the first film and we’re feeling very old. The movie, based on Suzanne Collins’ bestselling books, saw the dystopian world of Panem brought to life, with 24 tributes being forced to fight to the death in the annual Hunger Games. Over the course of the next three movies, blood, tears, and revolution follow, as our hearts get broken and then (just about) put back together. Since the first movie, our faves have grown up a whole lot and seen incredible success. Here’s what they’ve been doing since! Jennifer, 31, rocketed onto our screens in The Hunger Games just a year after she made her first appearance as Mystique in X-Men. Since then, she seems to have barely taken a breath. In 2012, the same year that the first Hunger Games movie was released, she won an Academy Award for her role in Silver Linings Playbook, becoming the second-youngest best actress winner at 22. She went on to star in the likes of American Hustle in 2013, Passengers in 2016 and Red Sparrow, before taking a break from acting. However, she returned late last year in the explosive Netflix hit Don’t Look Up, which is nominated for best picture at this year’s Oscars. In her personal life, Jennifer married Cooke Maroney in 2019 and the pair are thought to have welcomed their first child in February. Josh, 29, captured hearts around the world playing Peeta. Following his breakthrough role, he appeared in movies like The Disaster Artist in 2017, and Burn in 2019, and most recently lent his voice to the TV series Ultraman. Josh is also a huge supporter of the gay–straight alliance campaign ‘Straight But Not Narrow’. He’s thought to still be dating Spanish actress Claudia Traisac, who he was first linked to in 2013 after they both starred in Escobar: Paradise Lost. We don’t have too many nice things to say about The Hunger Games’ Gale (can you tell we’re Team Peeta?) but we do love a Hemsworth. After Liam, 32, starred as Gale, he starred in films including The Dressmaker in 2017 and Independence Day: Resurgence in 2016. His newest film, Poker Face, which is directed by Russell Crowe, is due for release this year. In 2012, Liam got engaged to Miley Cyrus after the pair met on the set of The Last Song in 2009. They broke things off in 2013, before getting back together in 2016. The pair got married in 2018 but announced their separation a few months later. Last year, Liam went Instagram official with his new partner, Gabriella Brooks. Where do we begin with what Stanley has been up to? Clearly never one to slow down, the actor, 61, has starred in the likes of Beauty and the Beast in 2017, before taking on Patient Zero alongside Natalie Dormer and Matt Smith in 2018, and The King’s Man last year. In 2020, he starred in the widely-praised Supernova alongside Colin Firth and, on the TV side of things, has appeared in Bojack Horseman and Fortitude. Stanley’s currently focusing on TV, appearing in Steven Moffatt’s upcoming series Inside Man and the series Citadel. He also hosted his own travel series last year, Stanley Tucci: Searching for Italy, and won us all over with his cocktail-making skills in lockdown. Is there anything he can’t do? Since the first Hunger Games film, Stanley and his wife Felicity Blunt also welcomed their two children – Matteo Oliver, born in 2015, and Emilia Giovanna, born in 2018. Cinna was one of the coolest cats to ever walk the streets of the Capitol – and his real-life counterpart Lenny, 57, certainly doesn’t disappoint on that front. Of course, Lenny has focused on his music since the release of the films, performing with Katy Perry at the Super Bowl halftime show in 2014. He’s been on a world tour and released his 11th studio album, Lenny is also set to appear in the upcoming rom-com Shotgun Wedding. After playing Gamemaker Seneca in The Hunger Games, Wes, 43, continued to star in blockbusters, including Interstellar in 2014 and Mission: Impossible: Fallout in 2018. He also starred in American Horror Story. Wes most recently appeared in the TV series Blade Runner: Black Lotus. Since the films, he and his wife Jacqui Swedberg also extended their family. They already shared a son, born in 2010, before welcoming a daughter, born in 2014. Donald gave us a chilling portrayal of President Snow before appearing in the TV show Crossing Lines in 2013. In 2016, he was a member of the main competition jury of the 2016 Cannes Film Festival, and in 2017 he received an honorary Oscar ‘for a lifetime of indelible characters, rendered with unwavering truthfulness.’ At the age of 86, he hasn’t exactly slowed down, recently appearing in the TV series Swimming With Sharks, and with his new film Mr. Harrigan’s Phone currently in post-production. We’re still not ready to talk about Prim, thank you very much. Since breaking our hearts in The Hunger Games, Willow, 21, has achieved more mainstream success in the fantasy film Into the Rainbow, as well as appearing in Woodstuck or Bust. She went on to star as Serena in the Netflix drama series Spinning Out in 2020. In 2015, she also became the youngest ever celeb to appear on Dancing With The Stars. There’s no doubting Effie was an icon (we’ll never forget ‘That is mahogany‘) and we love Elizabeth, 48, just as much. She’s starred in an absolute ton of movies since The Hunger Games, including Walk of Shame, Magic Mike XXL and, perhaps most importantly, The Lego Movie. Elizabeth also starred in Modern Family until it ended in 2020 and is set to star in the upcoming film Signal Hill. Amandla, 23, starred as Rue in the first Hunger Games film and has since had an incredible career. They received widespread acclaim for their roles as Maddy Whittier in Everything, Everything and Starr Carter in the film The Hate U Give. Last year, they starred as Alana Beck in Dear Evan Hansen, and they’re set to appear in the upcoming TV series The Acolyte. In 2018, Amandla came out as gay. Since starring as Haymitch, Woody, 60, has appeared in films like Solo: A Star Wars Story, War for the Planet of the Apes and in Venom and its recent sequel, Venom: Let There Be Carnage. Woody is also set to appear in various upcoming films, including The Man From Toronto, which is due for release this year. Alexander, 29, played one of the more terrifying tributes, Cato, before joining the cast of Vikings in 2014, playing Björn Ironside. He’s also a musician, singing with the country music label BBR Music Group/BMG last year. He’s currently filming his newest film, The Interpreter. In his personal life, Alexander married his wife Lauren Dear in 2020. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jared Leto doubles down comments amid Marvel movie debate: ‘People should be thankful for the films’ MORE : Basic Instinct at 30: How does the Sharon Stone film stand up in the wake of #MeToo? 