Manchester United have been knocked out of the Champions League after Atletico Madrid secured a 1-0 victory at Old Trafford to book their place in the quarter-finals. Premier League giants United sensed an opportunity to progress in Europe’s top club competition after scoring a late equaliser to draw 1-1 with Atletico Madrid in the first leg of this last-16 tie three weeks ago. But Manchester United were frustrated on their home patch as Diego Simeone’s side pulled off another characteristically professional and tactical performance to reach the quarter-finals. The Red Devils must now focus all their efforts on finishing fourth in the Premier League in order to qualify for next season’s Champions League, but are one point behind top-four rivals Arsenal having played three more games than the Gunners. For the visit of Atletico, Ralf Rangnick made three changes from the side that started Saturday’s 3-2 win over Tottenham, bringing in Scott McTominay, Bruno Fernandes and Anthony Elanga for Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic and Marcus Rashford. After a cagey opening ten minutes, United created the first big chance of the evening as Diogo Dalot whipped a cross into Elanga and the young forward – who scored the equaliser in the first leg – diverted the ball straight at Jan Oblak. Oblak’s counterpart David de Gea was called into action to stop a long-range effort from Rodrigo De Paul shortly after, while Bruno Fernandes felt he was felled in the box by Reinildo Mandava, only for his appeals to be waved away by the referee and dismissed by VAR. Atletico, who have reached two Champions League finals under Simeone, had the ball in the back of the net just after the half-hour mark, but Joao Felix’s goal was ruled out for offside. The visitors continued to look dangerous, though, and got their lead shortly before half-time after Renan Lodi headed past De Gea following good work down the right flank from Felix. Oblak produced another save to deny Fernandes on the stroke of half-time but boos reverberated around Old Trafford when the whistle was blown shortly after, partially as the team were heading out but predominantly because the home fans felt Atletico’s goal should have been ruled out for a foul on Elanga in the build-up. Manchester United made an encouraging start to the second half and almost equalised just 30 seconds upon the restart as the ever-bright Elanga made room inside the box before rifling a shot just wide of the post. But Atletico were always a threat and De Gea had to make amends for his own poor pass to smother a speculative strike from De Paul. Searching for an equaliser, Rangnick brought on Pogba, Rashford and Matic – and later Edinson Cavani – but Atletico managed the tie superbly, with United’s best chance coming when Raphael Varane met an inviting cross, but Oblak was again up to the task. Time ran out on another frustrating night for three-times Champions League winners Manchester United, who were left to contemplate a fifth successive season without a trophy as Atletico celebrated a famous win with their travelling fans. La Liga champions Atletico Madrid join Bayern Munich, Liverpool, Manchester, Real Madrid and Benfica in the Champions League quarter-finals. Holders Chelsea are in action against Lille tomorrow. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 