Boris Becker hid his Wimbledon tennis trophies and Olympic gold medal after being declared bankrupt, a court has heard. The six-time Grand Slam tennis champion is accused of using his business account as his own ‘piggy bank’ to pay expenses like his children’s school fees while concealing valuable assets and hundreds of thousands of pounds. Jurors were also told that the former world number one, now 54, also spent hundreds of pounds at luxury department store Harrods, bought online groceries at Ocado and treated himself to designer Ralph Lauren clothes. Becker, who commentated for the BBC at Wimbledon last year, is on trial at Southwark Crown Court charged with 24 offences under the Insolvency Act relating to his June 2017 bankruptcy over a £3.5 million loan from private bank Arbuthnot Latham for a property in Mallorca, Spain. The German is alleged to have failed to hand over assets including trophies including those won at the 1985 and 1989 Wimbledon tournament, the 1991 and 1996 Australian Open and the 1992 Olympics. Two President’s Cups, the Davis Cup Gold Coin and Trophy are also said to have been concealed . He won the first Wimbledon title after bursting on to the scene aged 17 and went on to become a household name and crowd favourite. Becker denies nine counts of failing to deliver up trophies and other awards, seven counts of concealing property, five counts of failing to disclose estate, two of removal of property and one of concealing debt. He is alleged to have hidden around £950,000 from the sale of a Mercedes car dealership he owns in Germany, which was paid into his Boris Becker Private Office (BBPOL) account. Prosecutor Rebecca Chalkley said in the court on Tuesday: ‘It is the prosecution case that Mr Becker used the BBPOL sterling account as an extension of his own account, effectively as his own piggy bank, for everyday personal expenses such as school fees for the children and such like.’ She said payments in 2017 included £643 to Polo Ralph Lauren, £7,600 for school fees, £976 to Harrods and more than £1,000 at Ocado. Ms Chalkley told the jury that Becker paid his ex-wife Barbara Becker £19,000, his estranged wife Sharlely ‘Lilly’ Becker £83,000 and transferred £225,000 to a friend. He also transferred £249,000 to his own account, while other funds went into an account he jointly held with his son Noah, she said, claiming that the money was deliberately hidden from creditors. ‘It is the concealment that the defence denies’, Ms Chalkley argued. ‘The prosecution case is that Mr Becker had the money which was owed personally to him paid into the BBPOL intentionally so it was not visible, or rather hidden, from trustee of the bankruptcy estate Mark Ford. ‘The ingredients of the offence are agreed. The bit disputed, and what the prosecution has to prove, is that it was deliberate to essentially move the monies away for purposes of concealment.’ Becker also allegedly failed to declare two German properties, as well as his interest in a flat in Chelsea, west London, and hid an almost £700,000 bank loan. The tennis player, who won 49 singles titles out of 77 finals during his 16 years in the professional game, is being supported in court by his partner Lilian de Carvalho Monteiro. Becker, who now lives in an exclusive riverside apartment block in Battersea, southwest London, sat in the dock wearing a navy pinstripe suit with a white turtleneck and black Puma trainers. The prosecution is being brought by the Insolvency Service on behalf of Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng. The trial continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Boris Becker says there are ‘no winners’ from Novak Djokovic Australia deportation controversy