Strictly Come Dancing could face being taken off the air due to scheduling clashes with the World Cup when it returns later this year. The hit show is one of the BBC’s flagship TV series, but the broadcaster is currently facing a big dilemma, with the World Cup starting in Qatar in November and matches being staged at 6pm or 7pm UK time. ‘BBC bosses are confident there will be plenty of room for footballs and glitterballs this autumn,’ an insider told Daily Star. ‘We haven’t had the draw yet so it is early days to speculate on what games the BBC and ITV will pick to show.’ In the past, there have been occasions when the BBC has decided to air Strictly on Friday nights. As it currently stands, it’s not clear how the broadcaster will look to resolve the issue. The World Cup is typically held over the summer, meaning it’s never clashed with Strictly’s usual schedule. But due to the extreme temperatures in Qatar over the summer, the tournament has been moved to later in the year. The news of Strictly’s possible disaster comes as Aljaž Škorjanec has announced that he is set to exit as a professional dancer following nine years on the show. ‘A little while ago I made the tough decision that Strictly 2021 would be my last,’ he said in a statement. ‘The show has given me an opportunity and freedom to create and express myself in front of millions of people every weekend for the last nine years. ‘The love and support I got from the team of producers was second to none.’ Last month, Oti Mabuse confirmed she was quitting Strictly after seven years and two wins under her belt. They confirmed in a statement: ‘Oti has been a truly wonderful part of Strictly for the past seven years. The dancer took to Instagram to share a series of highlights from her time on the series, telling her followers it’s ‘never easy to say goodbye’. ‘I’m honestly so grateful to The BBC and will always remember that Strictly and BBC brought me to the UK – which I now call home and I have learnt and grown so much,’ she penned. ‘Thank You from the bottom of my heart.’ Addressing her departure in a statement, the show said: ‘Her energy, creativity and talent have contributed to so many of the show’s most memorable moments and she will be hugely missed, not only by viewers but the entire team. ‘She leaves a dazzling legacy behind her, as the only professional dancer to lift the Glitterball Trophy in two consecutive years. ‘We couldn’t be prouder of Oti and what she has achieved. ‘She will always be at the very heart of our Strictly family and we wish her every success in her already bright future.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Strictly for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 