The international hacker collective Anonymous claims it has successfully breached over 300 Russian targets in just two days. Now it’s offering a payment in Bitcoin to Russian soldiers to hand over their tanks. The offer to buy tanks came after reports Russia refused to open its stock market this morning after first saying it would delay opening it for a few hours. The notorious hacker community claims to have collected over RUB 1 billion (worth £7.8 million at the time of writing) and is offering tank crews RUB 5 million (£39,000) for each surrendered tank, according to Ukrainian media. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Russian troops are advised by Anonymous to surrender with a white flag and use the password ‘million’ to show that they accept the collective’s terms. The Ministry of Defence of Ukraine has also reportedly said that it will guarantee amnesty to surrendering forces. Anonymous are allegedly telling Russian soldiers: ‘Russian soldiers, everyone who wants to live with their families, children, and not die, the Anonymous global community has collected RUB 1,225,043 in bitcoin to help you.’ The move comes after the notorious international hacking collective declared war on Putin’s war machine in response to a call to arms from the Ukrainian government. Ukrainian Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Digital Transformation Mykhailo Fedorov reportedly announced the creation of a Telegram channel for the IT Army of Ukraine on Saturday. He said: ‘We are creating an IT army. We need digital talents. All operational tasks will be given here: itarmyofurraine. There will be tasks for everyone. We continue to fight on the cyber front.’ He added: ‘In 2022 modern technologies are one of the best responses to tanks, rockets and missiles. ‘I’ve addressed to the biggest tech giants to support the sanctions for Russian Federation. We asked them to help us stop this outrageous aggression on our people!’ The highly decentralised hacking collective that first made headlines over 10 years ago with the Occupy Wall Street movement has reportedly been multiplying attacks on Russian targets over the weekend, claiming over 300 successful breaches. This also includes allegedly hacking into Russian TV so that all channels played Ukrainian folk songs with the pro-Ukraine hackers claiming the hack saying that they are from Anonymous. The hacking collective also claimed to have taken down state-owned media outlets like TASS. The hacker group said on Twitter that 300 websites belonging to Russian government agencies, state media outlets, banks, as well as websites of leading Belarusian banks, including Belarusbank, Priorbank and Belinvestbank, had all been hacked. Numerous accounts linked to the loose and highly decentralised collective published messages, images and videos calling on hackers of the world to unite against Russia after ‘dictator’ Putin invaded his neighbour last week. They said: ‘Anonymous takes down more than 300+ Russian government, state media and banks websites in the last 48 hours, with most of them currently offline.’ Messages said to be from members of the collective and videos are being shared on social media platforms including Twitter, Facebook and Reddit with the hashtags #OpRussia, #StopRussia, #OpKremlin and #FreeUkraine, among others, calling on the world’s hackers to target Russian websites. Many have already claimed to have successfully breached Russian platforms, including the Russian Ministry of Defence, allegedly posting a massive database online that includes emails, passwords and telephone numbers. After that, Ukrainians allegedly began to call the employees of the Russian department and ask if the aggressor country was planning on taking the bodies of dead Russian soldiers home at any point. The collective said on social media: ‘Hackers all around the world: target Russia in the name of #anonymous let them know we do not forgive, we do not forget. Anonymous owns fascists, always.’ MORE : Anonymous shuts down Russian gas supply as cyber onslaught continues MORE : Anonymous takes down Russia’s state run news services in major cyber attack