Top Ukrainian officials believes Russia will not resort to nuclear weapons. An adviser to the country’s President made the claim while suggesting that the ‘active’ phase of the war could finish by the end of next month. Oleksiy Arestovych said his forecast about the first stage of the invasion ending was based on the Russian advance stalling in many areas. Speaking on local television, he said Russia had already lost 40% of its attacking forces. Russia had previously admitted losing a fifth of its army – but then deleted the data. A pro-Kremlin website this week published stats suggesting 10,000 soldiers had died and 16,000 had been injured. Mr Arestovych, who works for Volodymyr Zelensky, said Vladimir Putin’s forces would ‘definitely’ not wage nuclear war, despite Russia failing to rule it out. But the official’s optimism came as one of Putin’s closest allies warned the United States on Wednesday that the world could spiral towards a nuclear dystopia if Washington pressed on with what the Kremlin claims is a long-term plot to destroy Russia. Dmitry Medvedev, who was president from 2008 to 2012 and is now deputy secretary of Russia’s Security Council, said the United States had conspired to destroy Russia as part of a ‘primitive game’ since the 1991 fall of the Soviet Union. Meanwhile, President Zelensky said Russian forces were preparing new attacks from the so-called exclusion zone around the Chernobyl nuclear power station after occupying the defunct plant last month – but gave no details. US President Joe Biden has recently accused Putin of preparing to use chemical or biological weapons – and claimed he fired a hypersonic missile because his ‘back is against the wall’. Russia’s advance appears to have halted on many fronts, with Kherson so far being the only major area to have fallen. But there is still heavy fighting on various fronts, with Mariupol and Kharkiv in particular facing devastating attacks. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Ukraine’s neighbours struggling to cope as number of refugees hits 3,500,000