New data from property website Rightmove has found that among the five most-viewed homes for sale in March were a Victorian farmhouse, a seaside home looking down on the shore and an actual castle. Yes, a 20-room coastal Scottish castle is up for sale – and it didn’t even top the most-viewed list this month. Rightmove’s property expert Tim Bannister said: ‘From a unique oast-style house to a cottage overlooking the sea, this month’s most viewed homes are filled with history and character. ‘Whether your dream move might be to the countryside or the coast, some of our most popular homes this month are sure to provide some inspiration.’ Want to check out the rest of the properties that made the list, and see where the castle placed? Well, you’re about to… Coming in at more costly than the castle, this sprawling, modern Merseyside home is the most expensive on the list. It’s got four bedrooms, four bathrooms, an office, a garage and an annexe, and all the fixtures and fittings have been chosen to give the place a strong, impressive impression. Yes, the actual castle only came in fourth on the list for this month, and is the second most expensive in the top five. Orchardton is a Grade B listed Scottish castle that sits right by the Solway Coast. It’s got a whopping 20 bedrooms and 15 bathrooms, so you’ll never be short on space, and it’s situated within five acres of grounds. Whyte Cottage and Boat House are both super cute and nestled on a small hill just above the very nearby beach – thus offering lovely views over the sea. The property was named after Sir Winston Churchill’s niece Lady Maud Whyte, who is said to have owned both the cottages. The striking Minstrels Oast in Kent comes with a workshop and double Garage out-buildings in its two-thirds of an acre of land. The gardens are picturesque, and the buyer will have four double bedrooms to choose from, including one on a mezzanine floor which looks over the open-plan living space and has views of that lovely greenery. Taking the top spot is this former Victorian farmhouse in Nottinghamshire, which blends period features with modern styles. It sits in the middle of an acre of grounds, offering lush countryside views, and even comes with its own summerhouse. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Property expert Carys Davies shares how to sell your house for more money MORE : Luxury nature reserve on sale for £27m and your neighbours will be lions, rhinos and elephants MORE : Three-bedroom house filled with rubbish goes on sale for £80k