England and West Indies observed an emotional minute’s silence for Shane Warne after the cricket legend’s shock death on Friday. Warne, 52, was found unresponsive in his villa on the Thai island of Koh Samui after suffering a suspected heart attack. One of the greatest cricketers in history, the Australia icon took 708 Test wickets, the second most of all time, across an extraordinary 15-year international career. England were preparing for day three of their tour match against a West Indies President’s XI in Antigua when the news broke. Joe Root’s side, who face West Indies in a three-match Test series starting on Tuesday, were joined by the host team in holding a minute’s silence for Warne before the start of play. The England and Wales Cricket Board also paid tribute to the Australian great on social media. They tweeted: ‘One of the greatest of all-time. A legend. A genius. You changed Cricket. RIP Shane Warne.’ Former England batter and head coach David ‘Bumble’ Lloyd, meanwhile, gave his instant reaction to Warne’s passing on talkSPORT. He said: ‘Shane was generous to a fault. He lived life to the full, he was Peter Pan, but when it came to cricket, he was serious. ‘He championed the game. He was serious about cricket but he wanted it to be fun. He wanted bowling to be fun, to smile at the opposition when they hit you for six. ‘He had this God-given talent and he was so grateful for it that he always wanted to help other players. ‘Any young spinner who came into the game at whatever level, he would go and talk to them, work with them, give them a pat on the back. ‘He was an immense character, but as a player he was top of the tree. For me, he’s the best I’ve ever seen. Bloody hell, this is bad news.’ Warne’s former West Indies rival Brian Lara added: ‘I’m speechless at the moment. I literally don’t know how to sum up this situation. My friend is gone! ‘We have lost one of the greatest sportsmen of all time! My condolences goes out to his family. RIP Warnie! You will be missed.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 