The 2022 Baftas took place last night and all eyes were not only on the winners but on the fashion too. Prior to the award show, attendees were reportedly told by Bafta bosses to dress ‘respectively’ amid the ongoing war in the Ukraine. It is not surprise then that while the stars dressed for the glamour of it all, the style and mood were sombre. With the fashion restrained, many of the attendees turned to black. Often black is seen as the colour of mourning, which in last night’s case could have been the reason for its prominence. However, it is also considerate choice. Not flashy, nor gaudy, it is refined and gracious. If respectful was the motif, than the black dresses on offer (as worn by Belfast star Caitriona Balfe) followed through with the tone. Outside of this, black dresses are a classic. Some would call them safe, but a good black dress – whether mini, midi, or maxi – will never steer you wrong. Whatever the occasion, a black dress is a go-to. From day to night, date to dance floor, it will forever remain a versatile and foolproof choice. Even better, accessorising is simple. There is no colour that doesn’t suit the hue and so, you can mix and match as you please. Our favourite black dresses on offer this season include ASOS Edition’s broderie dream dress and Reformation’s ruffled maxi gown which will be the perfect guest for any upcoming nuptials. Meanwhile, if you want to invest in the ultimate ‘forever’ piece, here are 11 of the best black dresses to buy now. Get it for £140 at ASOS. Get it for £45.99 at Zara Get it for £47 at ASOS. Get it for £350 at Reformation. Get it for £69 at Cos Get it for £58 at ASOS. Get it for £85 at & Other Stories. Get it for £250 at Réalisation. Get it for £69.99 at Mango. Get it for £185 at Sister Jane. Get it for £21 at Monki. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best looks from the 2022 Critics Choice Awards MORE : All the looks from the Baftas 2022 red carpet as the celebs arrive MORE : From fashion shows to film festivals, here are the best things to do in Paris for Spring 2022