Heavyweight boxer Anthony Joshua is facing criticism after claiming he was ‘proud’ of Will Smith for hitting Chris Rock and offering him advice on how to improve his technique ‘for next time’. The Ali star, who picked up the gong for best actor for his role in King Richard, was widely condemned after slapping Oscars host Rock following a joke the comic made about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith. Rock had mocked Pinkett Smith’s shaved head, which is a result of alopecia, which prompted the 53-year-old to storm on stage and slap Rock across the face. After returning to his seat, Smith then shouted, ‘Keep my wife’s name out your f***ing mouth’ twice, with the stunned audience suddenly realising it was not a skit but something rather more serious. Later, during his acceptance speech, Smith apologised for his actions – though did not acknowledge Rock – and on Monday he posted a lengthy statement deploring violence and finally apologising directly to the comic, saying his slap was ‘out of line’. The Academy announced it will launch a formal review over the incident, with Smith largely facing a backlash for his actions – though not everyone was quite so appalled. The likes of Piers Morgan, Tiffany Haddish and even a Tory MP have all defended Smith, and now former heavyweight champion Joshua has also taken the side of the Independence Day actor. Shortly before the London 2012 Olympics, gold medallist Joshua – and several other British hopefuls – met with Smith as he promoted the release of Men in Black 3. As well as attending the film’s premiere, the then largely unknown Joshua also had a little sparring session with Smith – who, of course, famously played Muhammad Ali on the big screen. Taking to Instagram after the shocking scenes at the Oscars, Joshua uploaded two pictures of their sparring session from a decade ago, tagging Smith and writing: ‘Proud of you bro. Next time close your fist.’ Joshua also added the Rocky theme music – Eye of the Tiger by Survivor – to a clip of Smith hitting Rock. Smith released a statement on Monday apologising for the incident, writing: ‘Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. My behaviour at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally. ‘I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong. I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness. ‘I would also like to apologise to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world. I would like to apologise to the Williams Family and my King Richard Family. I deeply regret that my behaviour has stained what has been an otherwise gorgeous journey for all of us.’ MORE : Oscars launch formal investigation into Will Smith slapping Chris Rock and ‘condemns’ his actions MORE : Will Smith apologises to Chris Rock for Oscars slap in emotional post: ‘Violence in all its forms is poisonous’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 