A mother who died alongside her two young children as they tried to flee the besieged city of Irpin has been named. Tatyana Perebeynos, her teenage son Nikita and daughter Alise, aged about eight, were killed instantly by a Russian shell as a column of refugees took advantage of a supposed ceasefire on Sunday. Her colleagues at the website company SE Ranking said she was the chief accountant at their Ukrainian subsidiary and stayed there to look after her sick mother. She had reportedly been holidaying with her co-workers in the mountains of Georgia just days before war broke out SE Ranking wrote on Facebook: ‘For us it is crucial not to let Tania and her kids remain just statistics. ‘Her family became victims of the unprovoked fire on civilians which under any law is a crime against humanity. ‘The Russian army are criminals and must be stopped.’ Irpin, near Kyiv, has been without water or electricity for three days and residents tried to escape via a bridge on the east of the town. But the Russian troops began shelling the bridge before targeting the nearby street where Ms Perebeynos and other refugees had no shelter. Witness Lynsey Addario, a New York Times photographer, wrote: ‘As the mortars got closer to the stream of civilians, people ran, pulling children trying to find a safe spot. ‘But there was nothing to hide behind.’ Ms Perebeynos’s partner was seriously injured but the couple’s two dogs both appeared to survive unscathed. Ukraine’s parliament separately released a photo of an injured toddler after overnight bombing in the eastern city of Sumy, which killed 19 adults and two children. ‘What rules can there be when the Russian army kills, destroys, drops bombs on civilian population?’ wrote district governor Dmytro Zhyvytskyi. ‘The kids are being killed.’ ‘But there was nothing to hide behind.’ Ms Perebeynos’s partner was seriously injured but the couple’s two dogs both appeared to survive unscathed. Ukraine’s parliament separately released a photo of an injured toddler after overnight bombing in the eastern city of Sumy, which killed 19 adults and two children. ‘What rules can there be when the Russian army kills, destroys, drops bombs on civilian population?’ wrote district governor Dmytro Zhyvytskyi. ‘The kids are being killed.’ In Shybene, north of Kyiv, ten-year-old Anastasia Stoluk was shot dead by ‘bored’ Russians after fighting had ended. ‘They looted all the stores — of course they got a lot of alcohol and got drunk,’ the girl’s aunt Vera Dmitrienko said. She said the soldiers started shooting everywhere when a teenager fired a gun in the air. ‘They shot in four houses and in one of those was Nastya.’ Meanwhile, the body of a six-year-old girl was pulled from the ruins of a building shelled by Russian forces in Mariupol. It is thought the little girl died alone after her mum was killed in the blast which hit her home in the southeastern city. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.