The Metropolitan Police breached the rights of organisers of a vigil for Sarah Everard with its handling of the planned event, High Court judges have ruled. The verdict today is a ‘victory for women’ and sets a ‘powerful precedent for protest rights’, Reclaim These Streets has said. But the force says they are ‘considering the judgment very carefully before deciding whether to appeal the court’s decision’. Reclaim These Streets cancelled the socially distanced protest over violence against women after being warned they would face fines of £10,000 each and possible prosecution amid the Covid pandemic. Alarming scenes emerged when hundreds of protesters arrived at Clapham Common, south London, regardless, with some arrested and pinned to the ground. Those present had wanted to honour marketing executive Sarah, who was kidnapped, raped and murdered by former Met police officer Wayne Couzens. Jessica Leigh, Anna Birley, Henna Shah and Jamie Klingler argued that decisions made by the Met before the event amounted to a breach of their human rights to freedom of speech and assembly. They also accused officers of not assessing the potential risk to public health. In a ruling on Friday, two senior judges upheld their claim, finding that the Met’s decisions in the run-up to the event were ‘not in accordance with the law’. In a summary of the ruling, Lord Justice Warby said: ‘The relevant decisions of the (Met) were to make statements at meetings, in letters, and in a press statement, to the effect that the Covid-19 regulations in force at the time meant that holding the vigil would be unlawful. ‘Those statements interfered with the claimants’ rights because each had a “chilling effect” and made at least some causal contribution to the decision to cancel the vigil. ‘None of the (force’s) decisions was in accordance with the law; the evidence showed that the (force) failed to perform its legal duty to consider whether the claimants might have a reasonable excuse for holding the gathering, or to conduct the fact-specific proportionality assessment required in order to perform that duty.’ A report by Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services previously concluded Met police ‘acted appropriately’ while dealing with the vigil on March 13. A Met gold command meeting the day before the proposed event included a statement that ‘we are seen as the bad guys at the moment and we don’t want to aggravate this’, lawyers representing Reclaim These Streets told the court at a hearing in January. Tom Hickman QC said in written arguments: ‘The most significant “threat” identified was not public health but the perceived reputational risk to the (force), including in the event they were perceived to be permitting or facilitating the vigil.’ The force defended the claim, arguing there was no exception for protest in the coronavirus rules at the time, and that it had ‘no obligation’ to assess the public health risk. Reclaim These Streets had taken urgent legal action the day before the planned event, seeking a High Court declaration that any ban on outdoor gatherings under the coronavirus regulations at the time was ‘subject to the right to protest’. Their request was refused and the court also refused to make a declaration that an alleged force policy of ‘prohibiting all protests, irrespective of the specific circumstances’ was unlawful. The group claims the ruling ‘exposes the Metropolitan Police’s total disregard for women’s human rights to assembly and expression’. ‘We organised it because as women we needed a space to stand together in solidarity, grief and defiance,’ a statement read. ‘And above all, we organised it because it’s wrong that women face violence and harassment every single day.’ A statement issued by the Met said it was ‘mindful that this judgment has potential implications in other circumstances for how a proportionality assessment is to be carried out when considering enforcement action’. It added: ‘The Met unreservedly endorses the principle that fundamental freedoms, such as those exercised by the claimants in this case, may only be restricted where it is necessary and proportionate for a lawful purpose. ‘Consideration of an appeal is in no way indicative that the Met do not consider such protections to be of the utmost importance. ‘It is, however, incumbent on the Met to ensure that this judgment does not unduly inhibit its ability, and that of police forces across the country, to effectively balance competing rights in a way that is operationally deliverable.’ Couzens, who lured Sarah into his hire car using Covid restrictions, will die behind bars after admitting his despicable crimes. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.