Countdown star Rachel Riley is back after taking maternity leave for her second child. The proud mum-of-two was welcomed back by host Anne Robinson before she was joined by her husband Pasha Kovalev holding their new baby girl. ‘Anyone with you?’ teased Anne, before Rachel joked: ‘I’ve been a bit busy, yeah, and I have brought them with me again, would you like to meet my new friend?’ as she gestured to her bump. Anne spoke for us all when she replied: ‘We all would love to!’ ‘This is Noa with her daddy Pasha,’ Rachel introduced as Noa was carried on to the stage, wearing an outfit matching her mum’s. ‘She’s never been here before, she’s very interested in what’s going on,’ added Pasha. ‘She’s heard the Countdown theme tune rather a few times in the womb so she should be used to it by now,’ joked Rachel. ‘We’ve got one that looks like her daddy, the first one, and this one’s come out with blonde hair and blue eyes, and pale skin, so I’ve got one myself now.’ The TV presenter welcomed Noa with former Strictly Come Dancing pro Pasha in November. The couple are already parents to daughter Maven, who was born in 2019. The 36-year-old announced her return to Countdown on Twitter shortly before the show, writing: ‘I’m back on air ⁦@C4Countdown⁩ today and *might* be showing off what I’ve been busy with during mat leave (for anyone who likes baby spam!)’ and sharing a sweet snap of her new daughter. In November, Rachel shared on Twitter: ‘We have some news…! ‘Introducing @PashaKovalev’s newest dance partner – baby Noa was finally born, 15 days after her due date, late on Friday night to the sound of fireworks! ‘She’s totally adorable and her big sister Maven has already tried welcoming her to the world by offering Oatly and pickles, we think that’s a good sign. ‘Massive thanks to the wonderful home birth midwives team and my doula who looked after us all so well.’ Rachel previously shared she was expecting her second child in April with the help of a clue on the Countdown board. Alongside a photo of her touching her stomach, Rachel had tweeted: ‘A special teatime teaser! ‘And your clue is… Riley had this to thank for the reason her clothes no longer fit her… ‘And it’ll only get worse till Autumn! ‘Happy, happy days for our little family @pashakovalev and future big sister Mave.’ The TV star, and professional dancer Pasha, 41, met on Strictly Come Dancing in 2013 when they were partnered together, and wed in Las Vegas in 2019 before Maven was born. Countdown airs weekdays at 2.10pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : 8 Out Of Cats Does Countdown fans laud late Sean Lock as ‘champion’ of Carrot In A Box as iconic game makes return MORE : Anne Robinson manages to keep a straight face as Countdown conundrum is a bit NSFW 