Jada Pinkett Smith has spoken out for the first time after Chris Rock’s joke over her hair led to husband Will Smith slapping him on stage at the Oscars. In scenes which shocked the world, the King Richard star stormed to confront the comedian after he made a comment on her buzz cut, while presenting an award at the ceremony. The Scream 2 actress, 50, has kept quiet over the scenes ever since the drama kicked off on Sunday, but has now appeared to address what happened on Instagram. Taking to her social media page, Jada – who has been candid about her battle with alopecia – shared a quote with fans. ‘This is a season for healing and I’m here for it,’ it read. Jada did not share a caption with the post, and has limited comments from followers below. Her post comes hours after Will issued an apology over the incident on his own page, explaining that his behavior was ‘unacceptable’, but that he found quips about Jada’s health ‘too much’. ‘Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive,’ he began a lengthy statement. ‘My behavior at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. ‘Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally. ‘I would like to publicly apologize to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong. I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness. ‘I would also like to apologize to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world. I would like to apologize to the Williams Family and my King Richard Family. ‘I deeply regret that my behavior has stained what has been an otherwise gorgeous journey for all of us.’ Will concluded: ‘I am a work in progress.’ It all kicked off when Chris appeared on stage to hand out the award for best documentary, directing jokes at many in the audience. Things took a turn when he took aim at Jada, telling her: ‘Jada, can’t wait for GI Jane 2,’ in reference to her hair style. It is well known that the Gotham actress suffers from a hair loss condition, and was visibly unimpressed with the quip. Will then stormed on stage and slapped Chris across the face before returning to his seat, yelling from the audience: ‘Keep my wife’s name out of your f***ing mouth.’ He then went on to win the coveted best actor Oscar later in the ceremony, apologizing to his fellow nominees and the Academy for the incident. Hollywood has been divided over the controversial moment – with stars criticizing both Will and Chris. The Academy has since launched a formal investigation into the scenes, while stating it ‘condemns the actions of Mr Smith’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Prince Harry blasted a ‘spoiled brat’ by Piers Morgan for missing Philip’s memorial: ‘Shameful’ MORE : Wrestling with mental health: Mickie James, Victoria and SoCal Val honour late star Daffney with Dresslemania 2 