Andy Robertson believes Premier League players are ‘scared’ of ‘unplayable’ Luis Diaz, while Jurgen Klopp described the Colombian star as ‘top class’ after  Liverpool’s routine win at Brighton. Liverpool cut Manchester City’s lead at the top of the Premier League to just three points on Saturday with a 2-0 win at the Amex Stadium. Diaz, who joined Liverpool from Porto in January, continued his superb form as he raced on to Joel Matip’s through ball and headed past the onrushing Robert Sanchez. Brighton’s goalkeeper was fortunate not to be sent off as he clattered into Diaz with a high foot, but the hosts failed to take advantage of their lucky escape and Mohamed Salah’s second-half penalty put the game to bed. Salah’s goal was his 20th of the season and Liverpool’s 2,000th in the Premier League, with Klopp’s side now just three points behind defending champions City after winning eight matches in a row. Robertson and Klopp both singled out Diaz for praise after the win on the south coast, describing the Liverpool winger as ‘unplayable’ and ‘top class’. ‘He’s been incredible since coming in, he’s been special and hit the ground running,’ Robertson told BT Sport. ‘He was unplayable ay times today. The way he drives at defences, you can see people are scared of him. He’s got end product too. ‘Sometimes it can take players a while to get settled in when they come during the January window but luckily that’s not been the case and hopefully it continues.’ Red boss Klopp added: ‘He’s top class. He’s come in and done fantastically well. With the ball, the quality he possesses, without it, his work rate, it was another big performance from him.’ Liverpool were the dominant team at the Amex and Klopp was pleased with his team’s display. ‘We were good, we knew Brighton are a really good team that can create problems, that’s what we saw from the beginning,’ he said. ‘Like the last game we need to get used to the opponents. They adapt to us a lot and play in areas to try and hurt us. ‘We were really strong and scored a great goal. We had really good moments with massive chances where we missed the final pass. But I’m happy. ‘There were moments at the the end where I’d like to control the ball more but it’s a difficult moment. It was expected to be a difficult game and I’m really happy with certain moments.’ On the title race, Klopp continued: ‘It’s always the same, you expect Manchester City to win every game when you watch them play. ‘The only thing we can do is as win as many football games as possible. We’re ready, we don’t need to call it a title race, we just want to win games.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 