Nicolas Cage’s bizarre flick The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent truly looks like the height of cinema – and it seems early viewers agree, with reviews raving about it. The Hollywood actor stars as a fictionalised version of himself (because who else could do him justice?) in the comedy action, as he’s offered $1million (£765,000) to appear at the birthday party of a superfan (Pedro Pascal). However, this fan isn’t all he seems… After the film’s premiere at South by Southwest, it currently has a rating on film review site Rotten Tomatoes of 100% – a rare feat! Granted, it is only from 15 reviews, but it’s safe to say the critics haven’t always been so kind to The Face/Off star’s films. The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent was hailed as ‘one of the funniest movies of the year’ in one review, while another dubbed it ‘easily Nicolas Cage’s best performance’ – so we’re definitely hyped. The man, the myth, the legend didn’t disappoint when he recently rocked up to the premiere for the curious new film donning a red tartan suit over a classic black T-shirt for the occasion. The 58-year-old controversially finished off the look with a pair of brown shoes. While walking the carpet, a reporter commented on his fetching outfit, and he was only too happy to share his inspiration. ‘I really like shortbread,’ he said. ‘And whenever I’m in England I go and get a tin can of shortbread, and I was feeling kinda happy, kinda like I was biting into some shortbread, so tonight I wanted to dress like I was a can of shortbread’. Never change, Nic. The Unbearable Weight Of Massive Talent will hit cinemas on April 22. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nicolas Cage loves shortbread so much he wore snack-inspired outfit to Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent premiere MORE : Nicolas Cage, 57, ‘elated’ as he expects first child with new wife Riko Shibata, 31, a year after tying the knot 