Jason Momoa and Jamie Lee Curtis have led tributes to Ukraine on the red carpet of the 2022 Oscars. Many celebs this year are expected to pay tribute to the country in their speeches and with their outfits, with plenty using a blue ribbon as a gesture of solidarity amid the Russian invasion. Jamie, 63, was one of those supporting Ukraine, holding up a blue ribbon in support of refugees as she posed on the red carpet. Donning a sparkly blue gown, the Knives Out actress smiled as she held up the ribbon, leading the way for the stars at the glitzy event. Jason Momoa, 42, also paid tribute in a subtle way, donning a handkerchief in the colours of the Ukrainian flag – blue and yellow – in his pocket. Diane Warren, 65, who donned a bold green jacket, also wore a blue ribbon on her lapel in solidarity with refugees. Aside from the red carpet looks, Sean Penn, who’s currently in Ukraine filming a documentary on the conflict, has vowed to melt down his Oscars if Volodymyr Zelensky, President of Ukraine, is not allowed to speak at the event. He told CNN: ‘There is nothing greater that the Academy Awards could do than to give [Zelensky] an opportunity to talk to all of us. ‘It is my understanding that a decision has been made not to do it. That is not me commenting on whether or not President Zelensky had wanted to.’ Sean added that if President Zelensky does not speak at the event, he will ‘smelt’ his statuettes. ‘I pray that’s not what’s happened,’ he continued. ‘I pray there have not been arrogant people, who consider themselves representatives of the greater good in my industry, that have [decided against checking] with leadership in Ukraine.’ Sean has won two best actor Oscars during his career – for Mystic River in 2003 and Milk in 2008. The Oscars this year have returned to the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, with Amy Schumer, Regina Hall, and Wanda Sykes hosting. MORE : Oscars 2022 live: How to watch, who is hosting, and start time MORE : Oscars red carpet 2022: All the celeb looks you need to see 