Gary Neville says Roman Abramovich has been a ‘very good owner’ for Chelsea but insists the Russian billionaire is ‘no angel’ as he prepares to sell the club. Abramovich confirmed in a statement on Wednesday that he had taken the ‘incredibly difficult decision’ to sell Chelsea. The 55-year-old bought Chelsea in 2003 and helped the club establish themselves as one of the biggest and most successful teams in the world, winning five Premier League titles and two Champions Leagues. But Abramovich gave ‘stewardship and care’ of Chelsea to its foundation trustees following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and has now decided to sell, pricing the Stamford Bridge club at around £3billion. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live As one of the richest people in Russia, Abramovich – who is said to have close ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin – could face economic sanctions as the war in eastern Europe continues. Former Manchester United and England defender Neville says Abramovich is ‘no angel’ but has praised his ownership of Chelsea and insists ‘there are worse English owners’. ‘He’s been an important owner in Premier League history in the last 20 years,’ Neville told Sky Sports News. ‘I do believe he’s enhanced the competitiveness of the Premier League. ‘A model that, at the beginning, I found bizarre, coming from a very stable club at the time in Manchester United. Sacking managers quite regularly, managers who had seemed quite successful. ‘But what I would say over 20 years he’s proved to be a very successful owner of a football club, that’s actually created a distinctive model in and around the way they’ve approached things, particularly with their academy players. They’re now starting to produce academy players. ‘They’re a football club who have become very successful and admired under his ownership but obviously in the end, those alleged links with Vladimir Putin, the war on Ukraine, have brought it to an end. ‘I think things have been closing in on him for a few years now and I think it’s obviously come to a head in the last week.’ Neville added: ‘The reality of it is, Chelsea will be fine. ‘Irrespective of whether you like the idea of Russian money coming into English football or not, Roman Abramovich has been a very good owner for Chelsea Football Club. There are worse owners that are English.’ Chelsea’s preparations for Sunday’s Carabao Cup final against Liverpool were affected by news coming out of Stamford Bridge. Abramovich’s statement confirming he planned to sell Chelsea was released shortly before Thomas Tuchel’s side face Luton Town in the FA Cup. Speaking after the 3-2 win, Tuchel said: ‘It’s a bit too early to speak, because I can only think about Chelsea with Roman Abramovich. ‘So it’s very hard for me. It hasn’t sunk in yet that this is going to stop. It’s a massive change of course. We did not talk about it [before Luton]. We accepted it. ‘The players have internet connections, they watch TV so of course they knew, they get messages. But still we focused in the preparation only on sports. ‘And maybe some players are more affected, some less, but in the end we managed to focus, grow into this game and find the key to win it.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 