Warning: spoilers ahead for Drag Race UK Vs The World episode 5. Jade Thirlwall is always a blast when she appears on RuPaul’s Drag Race, with the singer appearing to make a ‘shady’ joke over Jesy Nelson’s Little Mix exit during her latest appearance. On tonight’s episode of Drag Race UK Vs The World, the five remaining queens formed a mega girl group, as they performed the track ‘London’ to RuPaul and the other judges, including Michelle Visage and Graham Norton. Ahead of the performance, Ru introduced Jade to the panel as the extra special guest judge, after the musician helped the contestants when they were recording their individual verses earlier on in the episode. Turning to Jade, Ru asked: ‘How did recording with the queens compare to recording with Little Mix?’ ‘Oh it’s just the same really,’ Jade replied: ‘I bossed everyone around and there’s an ugly rumour going around that one of the girls is leaving the group tonight.’ Michelle and Ru both gasped in shock over Jade’s remark, as the head judge then burst into laughter over the quip. While Jade didn’t mention Jesy by name, several viewers interpreted her comment to be a reference to her former bandmate’s departure from Little Mix, which was announced in December 2020, as they exclaimed over the singer’s ‘shade’. ‘JADE DIDN’T HOLD BACK,’ one person tweeted, while another wrote: ‘THE WAY THAT JADE SHADED JESY.’ ‘Jade throwing shade at Jesy. I. AM …. LIVING,’ someone else stated, as another fan piped up to remark: ‘Jade shading Jesy best part of drag race so far.’ Since stepping down from Little Mix, Jesy has gone on to launch her solo career, which began with the release of her debut single Boyz, featuring Nicki Minaj. Last month, she teased more new music to come as she shared photos from her studio in LA, captioning the pictures with emojis including a music note, a microphone and a pencil and paper. In December 2021, Little Mix announced that they were taking a break after ‘10 amazing years’, insisting that they were not ‘splitting up’ as a group. The announcement came shortly after the births of Perrie Edwards’ baby with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Leigh-Anne Pinnock’s twins with Andre Gray. Drag Race UK Versus The World returns next Tuesday at 9pm on BBC Three and is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ant and Dec shrug off complaints about iconic Saturday Night Takeaway drag performance as they pay homage to alter egos MORE : RuPaul calls Pangina’s shock exit on Drag Race UK Vs The World ‘gut-wrenching’: ‘I remember the crying’ 