Harry Potter star Scarlett Byrne has welcomed twin daughters with her husband, Playboy founder Hugh Hefner’s son Cooper. The English actress, who played Slytherin student Pansy Parkinson in the wizarding films, said her ‘heart grew twice’ after giving birth on Saturday. Sharing a photo of her holding the new arrivals in the hospital, Scarlett revealed their names to her 412,000 Instagram followers. She wrote: ‘My heart grew twice as much this weekend as Cooper and I welcomed our daughters, Marigold Adele Hefner and Blossom Pearl Hefner into the world. ‘Our home is full of love with our three daughters and we couldn’t be happier.’ Cooper added in a post on Twitter: ‘Scarlett and I are overjoyed to share that we welcomed Marigold Adele Hefner and Blossom Pearl Hefner into the world on Saturday, March 26th. ‘Today, we are settling back in at home. How blessed we are to be gifted with their life. How lucky we are to be given this love.’ He also shared more photos of their new arrivals in pink onesies and matching hats, as well as a picture of himself carrying his new daughters out of the hospital in their individual carriers. The couple already share a 19-month-old daughter, Betsy Rose, and announced that they were expecting twins at Thanksgiving. Scarlett – who also starred in The Vampire Diaries and Runaways – and Cooper announced their engagement in 2015, after two years of dating. They tied the knot in an intimate ceremony in California in 2019. Actress Ellie Darcey-Alden, who played a young Lily Potter in the Harry Potter films, was among those sending their congratulations. She wrote: ‘So proud of you Scarlett! Those girls are so lucky to have you.’ Byrne made her debut in the Potter series in its sixth instalment, Harry Potter And The Half-Blood Prince, and reprised the role in the final two films of the series. Her character mocked and teased Harry and his friends and was later made a Slytherin prefect alongside Draco Malfoy. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Foo Fighters cancel all upcoming tour dates in wake of Taylor Hawkins’ death: ‘Let’s take this time to grieve, heal and pull our loved ones close’ MORE : Katherine Ryan comes for Will Smith after Chris Rock Oscars slap: ‘Can’t take a joke, stay home’ 