Beenie Man will not be welcoming Prince William and Kate Middleton with open arms when they arrive in Jamaica ahead of the slavery reparations protests. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are set to continue their Caribbean tour in Kingston on Tuesday, in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. However, they may be met with a frosty reception as protests are scheduled to take place near the British High Commission. Many Jamaicans are seeking to remove the Queen as head of state and for the country to be made a republic, with the sovereign accused of perpetuating slavery. Sharing his thoughts on the controversy, Jamaican dancehall artist Beenie Man told Good Morning Britain: ‘If Harry was coming people would react different… people are going to meet Harry, but William.. we don’t want to see that.’ The Girls Dem Sugar hitmaker added: ‘We are just here, controlled by the British, ruled by the British law when you go in the court, it’s all about the Queen and the Queen serve and the Queen this and that – but what are they doing for Jamaica? They’re not doing anything for us.’ According to The Independent, the protest has been arranged by the Advocates Network, a human rights coalition of Jamaican activists and equalities organisations. In keeping with the country’s 60th anniversary of independence, the protestors are seeking 60 reasons for an apology and compensation from the crown. Nora Blake, who has helped to organise the demonstration, told the publication: ‘It is important as we turn 60 years old as an independent nation that we stand as “adults” on solid ethical, moral and human justice grounds to say to Britain, who was once our “parent”, that you have done wrong in enriching yourselves off of chattel slavery and colonialism. ‘Morally this requires an apology, and it is only just that reparations be made. Many precedents have been set for this. ‘Today we are setting the conversation of our future generations, for them to have something to build a brighter future.’ Yesterday, Lorraine Kelly shared advice for Kate and William as they completed a tour of Belize. Addressing the controversy on Monday’s episode of ITV’s Lorraine, the TV presenter said: ‘It’s very interesting about that small protest though, that didn’t seem to reflect the rest of what’s going on but it will be interesting to see what happens to them the rest of the trip. ‘I guess though, they’ve just got to keep smiling and dancing and just ignore it, don’t they?’ Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Martin Lewis to give evidence in Parliament over ‘nightmare’ energy crisis after admitting he’s ‘run out of tools’ to help people MORE : Jack Osbourne announces he’s expecting a baby with fiancee Aree Gearheart three months after engagement 