 Russia has denied bombing a children’s and maternity hospital in Mariupol, Ukraine – dismissing reports of the atrocity as ‘fake news’. Three people including a six-year-old died in the attack, branded a ‘genocide’ by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, with women in labour among 17 wounded. But the Kremlin has insisted the building – wiped out by shelling during an agreed ceasefire – was seized by Ukrainian troops. Russia’s first deputy permanent representative to the United Nations (UN), Dmitry Polyanskiy, cited reports suggesting ‘Ukraine’s armed forces kicked out personnel…and set up a firing site within the facility.’ He posted: ‘That’s how fake news is born. We warned in our statement back on 7 March that this hospital has been turned into a military object by radicals.’ And he criticised the UN for ‘spreading information without verification.’ Claims Russian forces were responsible for the hospital bombing have been branded ‘information terrorism’ by Russian foreign ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova. Foreign secretary Sergey Lavrov said Western media reports were ‘very emotional’ but did not offer a chance to ‘draw an objective conclusion.’ Lavrov told a news conference: ‘It’s not the first time we see pathetic outcries concerning the so-called atrocities perpetrated by the Russian military. ‘You can draw your own conclusions as to how the public opinion is manipulated worldwide.’ The Russian Embassy in London’s official twitter account also claimed images of the hospital in the aftermath of the bombing were fake – prompting calls for the account to be shut down for ‘spreading lies’ and trying to ‘whitewash Russian war crimes’. Lavrov accused the United States of a ‘propaganda campaign’ about Russia aggression in February, days before President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. Putin last week called evidence of civilians being attacked as ‘gross propaganda fakes’ – as he warned Ukraine must give in to all Russian demands if it wants peace talks. The Russian President is said to be growing increasingly frustrated over Kyiv’s refusal to back down. But defiant Zelensky has vowed never to stop fighting, warning Kremlin troops can ‘occupy us but you definitely can’t win’ – as he declared Putin was ‘going straight to hell’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.