Mauricio Pochettino believes Paris Saint-Germain’s Champions League exit has ‘done a lot of damage’ after his team suffered an ‘unacceptable’ league defeat to Monaco. French champions-elect PSG were beaten 3-0 by Monaco on Sunday, 11 days after they were knocked out of the Champions League by Real Madrid. Paris Saint-Germain beat Bordeaux last weekend in their first match since the Champions League exit but showed signs of fatigue and unrest at the Stade Louis II against a Monaco side who have largely underwhelmed this season. Wissam Ben Yedder scored a brace for the hosts and Kevin Volland was also on target as Monaco shocked the Ligue 1 leaders. Pochettino said: ‘I’m disappointed with the way we started the game. It’s unacceptable. At this level, you can’t start a game the way we did. ‘We can be happy going into half-time at only 1-0 down because they could have had two or three. ‘In the second half, it was better, we created chances but we paid for our first half. I think it’s really not acceptable to start a match the way we did.’ Asked if his players were still feeling the effects of their Champions League blow, Pochettino – who has emerged as a target for Manchester United – added: ‘It’s clear that the Champions League has done a lot of damage. ‘The team should clearly let go of all that. It’s stopping us from expressing our best productivity. ‘This international break should allow for a change in mentality and put us back to where we should be. We have to come back with the responsibility that goes along with putting on this shirt.’ Marquinhos, meanwhile, described the defeat as PSG’s ‘worst of the season’ and said the title was not safe if they continue to perform as they did against Monaco. ‘It’s catastrophic and hard to stomach,’ the Brazilian defender said. ‘This was our worst match of the year. ‘We came here to enjoy and win the match, but we’re in a difficult patch. We don’t want to throw everything up in the air. ‘We’ll have to work together to work our way out of this period. We’re not letting up. There were a lot of expectations [against Madrid]. It’s a defeat that really hurts. ‘Now, we have objectives to go and chase. We have to do our best, with the right mentality. If we keep performing like this, the title will certainly be in danger. ‘The warning is there. We have to come back, after international duty, with a good state of mind.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 