Katie Price and Carl Woods have reportedly split, having become engaged in April last year. This week, the former glamour model was pictured walking hand-in-hand with her fiancé as a show of support as he made an appearance in court, in an effort to ‘try to get his charges dropped’ for ‘threatening and abusive behaviour’. Woods, 33, appeared at Colchester Magistrates’ Court charged under Section 4 of the Public Order Act, after Essex Police confirmed the charges in a statement released in February. However, despite the demonstration of support from Price, 43, just a few days ago, it has been claimed that the couple are now no longer together. Several sources who are reportedly close to them both are said to have told The Sun: ‘Katie and Carl have decided to split up. ‘It’s been a difficult couple of months and their ongoing court cases have just added even more stress to the situation’. They said that it appears as though their relationship is definitely over now, which they are both upset about. ‘It really seems to be over for now and they are both very sad about it,’ the source’s comment read. However, they added that there could be a glimmer of hope for a reconciliation, stating: ‘But of course no one would be surprised if they got back together.’ Price’s engagement to Woods – who starred on Love Island in 2016 – came after just 10 months of dating, and would have marked her fourth marriage. The news of their apparent split comes after fans questioned why Price was seen without her engagement ring on Instagram, as Woods appeared to delete all pictures of the model from his profile on the social media platform. Last month, Woods denied hitting or punching Price in an incident which occurred last summer, with the former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! star also insisting that he did not touch her. In videos previously shared on his Instagram Story, Woods explained that he was charged with a public order offence, which he said was ‘just arguing in the street and using foul language’. ‘That’s what I’ve been charged with. Nowhere have they said that I’ve been charged with assault on Kate or actually anything to do with the incident in August, because I wasn’t, it was nothing to do with me,’ he said, adding: ‘Everything I say I’ve got proof of and I will show it.’ Price could be heard off screen backing him up by saying: ‘He’s never, ever touched me.’ Woods continued, saying that he ‘didn’t lay a finger on her, didn’t ever coercively control her’. Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives of Carl Woods and Katie Price for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price seen without engagement ring as fans wonder why fiancé Carl Woods ‘deleted all Instagram snaps of her’ MORE : Katie Price’s fiance Carl Woods reveals what ‘loyalty looks like’ after pleading not guilty to threatening behaviour 