The Apprentice came to an end tonight with one lucky candidate receiving investment from Lord Sugar – here’s all you need to know about the finale. The hit BBC series has been keeping viewers entertained in recent weeks as the competition whittled down to the last two contestants. Harpreet Kaur and Kathryn Burn made it all the way after semi-finalists Brittany Carter and Stephanie Affleck fell at the last hurdle in the penultimate episode. The finalists had a few helping hands tonight as they set up to launch their businesses with Lord Sugar and had to pitch their new products to some business experts. But after a close battle between the two women, there could only be one winner – so who did Lord Sugar decide to invest in? It was Harpreet whose business was backed by Lord Sugar tonight, in the all-important finale. She became the latest recipient of the £250,000 investment for her tasty desserts business Barni’s which she has rebranded to Oh So Yum. While Harpreet continues with her dessert parlours and looks to expand those, she will also be offering nationwide delivery on her treats via the new website. Harpreet reflected on the final boardroom in which she was decided as the winner, sharing to Metro.co.uk and other press: ‘I just loved the final boardroom and when I sat down and the other candidates left and it was just the two of us, I couldn’t believe that moment. ‘I honestly felt like I was watching it because I’m a huge fan of the show. I have so much respect for Lord Sugar and I’ve genuinely dreamt of that moment. I couldn’t believe it was me sitting in that chair.’ She went on to add: ‘I did everything I possibly could and it was done and it was left for him. I just can’t believe it. It was just an amazing moment. I’ll never ever forget that moment of being sat down in that final boardroom, I’d chased my dreams and got to this point. I did it.’ Congratulations Harpreet! Alongside winner Harpreet, Kathryn emerged as runner-up with her pyjama business being pipped to the post. But Kathryn wasn’t the only candidate in the final, with many of the pair’s fellow candidates returning one last time. Harpreet also admitted she and Kathryn got pretty emotional seeing everyone again, although viewers didn’t see this in the episode. ‘Me and Kathryn actually got a bit emotional and had a little cry but they didn’t show it on TV. It was almost like our friends were coming back. We felt like they’d left us to it by ourselves and when they came back, I was like, “yes, come and help us!” ‘We were just so happy to see them again because we genuinely, I needed the help and be like, had great friendships and we just felt more supported that way with them,’ she explained. The Apprentice can be streamed in full on BBC iPlayer now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : EastEnders schedules confirm full-length episodes will return on Tuesdays after Holby City ends MORE : The Apprentice finalist Kathryn Burn selling jaguar pyjamas identical to rival retailers for double the price 