On-loan Arsenal midfielder Lucas Torreira had an eventful game in Fiorentina’s 1-1 draw against Inter Milan on Saturday, netting his side’s only goal and losing his front tooth. The Uruguayan had opened the scoring for his team at San Siro but later received a knock to the face, returning to the pitch with a big ball of cotton wool in his mouth. Although the incident initially appeared innocuous, it quickly became apparent that Torreira had lost his front tooth – though he played on regardless. The 26-year-old appeared to yank it out himself and ran over to the touchline to hand his tooth over to the kitman before taking another cotton swab to stick in his mouth. Despite the hit he took to his face – and other injuries he incurred, with his fingers tapped up – Torreira stayed on the pitch and gave an excellent performance. After the match, while waiting for anti-doping, Torreira uploaded a picture of his toothless smile to social media with the caption referencing that Fiorentina had gained a point, but he’d lost a tooth. Incredibly, despite being known for his defensive skills, Torreira is currently the joint-topscorer at Fiorentina now Dusan Vlahovic has left for Juventus. His latest strike against Inter was a real poacher’s effort, drifting into the box to fire Nicolas Gonzalez’s pull-back into the roof of the net. Torreira has bagged four goals this season, including in back-to-back games for the first time in his career after also netting the winner in Fiorentina’s 1-0 victory over Bologna last weekend. His performances have now reached the levels he was producing at Sampdoria prior to his rather disappointing move to Arsenal and the Serie A side look increasingly likely to turn his loan into a permanent deal. Fiorentina can buy Torreira anytime before his loan expires for a fee of around £12.5million and are already rumoured to have held talks with Arsenal – though that fee represents a big loss on what the Gunners paid. MORE : ‘It was like they won the league!’ – Ashley Young takes swipe at Arsenal’s celebrations MORE : ‘Big, big credit to him’ – Bukayo Saka heaps praise on Bernd Leno after Arsenal’s win over Aston Villa For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 