Kylian Mbappe appeared to tell Manchester United star Paul Pogba he was ‘fed up’ with life at Paris Saint-Germain when the two players met up on international duty with France this week. Although PSG are 12 points clear at the top of the Ligue 1 table, the nature of the side’s Champions League implosion against Real Madrid in the last 16 has created a toxic atmosphere in the French capital. Mauricio Pochettino’s side were two goals up with time running out at the Bernabeu, but a stunning Karim Benzema hat-trick saw the French side crash out of the competition. Lionel Messi and Neymar, among others, were booed in the subsequent league match against Bordeaux and then lost to Monaco, with Pochettino saying it was ‘difficult to sleep at night’ because things had turned so sour. PSG’s struggles have only increased the likelihood of Mbappe leaving the Parc des Princes in the summer on a free transfer, with his contract expiring at the end of the season. The 23-year-old has offered little assurances that he will remain at PSG and his latest interaction with Pogba has only increased speculation that he is edging ever closer to an exit. Both players embraced when they saw each other at France’s training base in Clairefontaine ahead of this month’s international friendlies against Ivory Coast and South Arica. After exchanging pleasantries, Pogba then asked Mbappe how things were going at his club and the striker leaned in to try and avoid the nearby cameras picking up their conversation and whispered, ‘I’m a little fed up’ in French. PSG’s dressing room is said to be massively divided at present, particularly between the South American and French contingents. Surprisingly, Mbappe is PSG’s top scorer with a relatively modest 15 goals in 25 Ligue 1 appearances this season – a below-par return compared to his usual standards – though he has significantly out-scored Neymar, who only has five goals, and Messi, who has netted just twice. Real Madrid is the likeliest destination for Mbappe, who have long been chasing the Frenchman and are prepared to make him the highest-paid player in world football. Pogba, meanwhile, is also out of contract this summer and not expected to renew his deal with United; PSG had been mooted as a potential destination, but perhaps Mbappe’s words will have put him off. MORE : Kylian Mbappe and Erling Haaland wouldn’t solve Man Utd’s problems, claims Rio Ferdinand MORE : President of France Emmanuel Macron tries to convince Kylian Mbappe to stay at PSG For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 