Defending champions England crushed South Africa by 137 runs to set up a Women’s World Cup final against Australia. Opener Danni Wyatt and spinner Sophie Ecclestone were the heroes for England as they brushed aside the Proteas in a one-sided semi-final in Christchurch. After losing the toss and being asked to bat first, England racked up 293-8 – their highest total of the tournament – as Wyatt hit 129 from 125 balls. The 30-year-old was dropped five times but took full advantage of her reprieves to guide England to a big score, finding support from the impressive Sophia Dunkley, who made 60. England great Anya Shrubsole dismissed both South Africa openers in her first two overs to put Heather Knight’s side in full control, and they went on to win by a huge margin as Ecclestone finished with brilliant figures of 6-36. Women’s World Cup holders England looked set for an early exit after losing their first three games, but have turned things around superbly to book a final against pre-tournament favourites and Ashes rivals Australia. England captain Knight said: ‘I’m really pleased. I think that was a complete performance from us today, what we’ve been searching for. ‘I’m really chuffed that the girls have brought their best cricket when it is all on the line. ‘The fact we have played knockout cricket for the last four games has helped us as well. Obviously, we’re really excited for Sunday now. ‘I thought Danni Wyatt was outstanding. She was really selective with the balls she attacked and didn’t get frustrated when she found the fielders a little bit. That partnership with Sophia Dunkley really took the game away from them. ‘Sophie Ecclestone has been brilliant for us, that’s her first five-for in international cricket as well. I thought she bowled outstandingly, her and Charlie Dean in tandem on a wicket that had a little bit in it for them. ‘We’ll go into the final as underdogs but it’s a fresh slate, we’re all equal on the morning of the game and what a story has been written for us if we can do it.’ South Africa skipper Sune Luus, meanwhile, said: ‘We didn’t have our best fielding performance. They played extremely well today, and all credit to them. ‘But we needed to bring our best performance today, and we didn’t, so we are feeling that. ‘We needed to be more clinical. It’s something we will keep working on but we have had a great campaign, we won’t be taking away from that. ‘It’s a big honour to play in a World Cup and it was an amazing campaign. I hope everyone back home is proud of us because as a captain, I’m extremely proud of my team.’ England lost all five of the matches they played against Australia during the Women’s Ashes earlier in the year, as Meg Lanning’s formidable side retained the urn with relative ease. Australia finished top of the World Cup group stage with seven successive wins and thumped West Indies in the first semi-final as they look to become world champions for the seventh time. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 