Premier League games will not be shown on Russian television after the governing body suspended its agreement with broadcast partner Rambler (Okko Sport). The decision was made at a shareholders’ meeting in London on Tuesday, where all 20 clubs were in agreement, as the Premier League continues to react to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The Football Association has followed suit with rights for the FA Cup, while the EFL has withdrawn access to its iFollow and other club streaming services in Russia. The Premier League will also donate £1million to support the people affected by the war. A statement read: ‘The Premier League and its clubs today unanimously agreed to suspend our agreement with Russian broadcast partner Rambler (Okko Sport) with immediate effect and to donate £1 million to support the people of Ukraine. ‘The League strongly condemns Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. We call for peace and our thoughts are with all those impacted. The £1 million donation will be made to the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) to deliver humanitarian aid directly to those in need.’ The move comes after there was league-wide support for Ukraine over the weekend, where club captains wore special armbands, messages of support were displayed on big screens and there was a moment of reflection before kick-off at each of the 10 games. The statement added: ‘This message of solidarity was visible to fans around the world across Premier League digital channels and via match broadcasts. This is in addition to the numerous ways in which clubs continue to display their support.’ The Football Association has also suspended its partnership with Russian broadcasters Match over rights for the FA Cup with immediate effect. EFL matches or club content will no longer be available in Russia after the governing body stopped access to iFollow and other streaming services. A statement read: ‘Following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the subsequent humanitarian crisis that is unfolding in the region, the EFL has suspended the broadcast feeds of its matches in the Russian Federation. ‘Access to the EFL’s iFollow service and other Club streaming services have also been withdrawn in the territory. Echoing the views of the Premier League and other organisations around the world, the EFL remains deeply concerned by the ongoing conflict. As has been demonstrated at EFL grounds around the country, ‘Football Stands Together’ with the people of Ukraine and all those impacted.’ MORE : Ukrainian Premier League star Oleksandr Zinchenko says his family stopped him from joining army to fight Russia MORE : Premier League clubs to donate millions to Ukraine and cancel Russian TV broadcast rights For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 