Bruce Willis was fed lines through an earpiece on the set of American Siege as he struggled with cognitive issues. The renowned actor, 67, has been diagnosed with the degenerative brain disease aphasia, his daughter announced yesterday. Aphasia impacts a person’s language skills and can cause major issues with reading, writing, listening and speaking, and those affected may use words in the wrong order. The condition means Bruce has been struggling to act in recent years, with new photos from the American Siege set showing the Die Hard legend wearing an earpiece prompter. Even in the finished film, which was released earlier this year, Bruce’s character can be seen wearing the earpiece. The movie was shot in 2020, two years before the actor’s diagnosis. Crew who worked with Bruce in recent films recall the actor at times not knowing why he was on set or not understanding what his lines meant – and on one occasion he allegedly fired a prop gun at actress Lala Kent, according to LA Times. She told the outlet that the actor was supposed to arrive on set, say a line and fire the gun, giving her time to duck, but two times in a row shot the gun before saying the line. So, while the public may only have learned about Bruce’s diagnosis on Wednesday, it appears it may have been an open secret in Hollywood, with the outlet reporting that filmmakers had to cut down the star’s lines and use body doubles to get him more screen time. The actor also allegedly had an on-set handler who ‘guided Bruce everywhere,’ a source said. ‘He carted him around and kept an eye on him.’ Terri Martin, production supervisor on White Elephant, an upcoming film starring Bruce, recalled how he ‘looked so lost’ and would always say ‘I’ll do my best.’ ‘He always tried his best,’ she added. In recent years, Bruce has starred in several films that were completely panned by critics, so much so that he received his own special category at the Razzie Awards, which celebrates the worst movies of the year. They have since apologised to Bruce and his family since learning about his condition. Bruce’s daughter, Rumer Willis, broke the news on Bruce’s aphasia diagnosis on Instagram on Wednesday, alongside a photo of her father. She wrote: ‘To Bruce’s amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities.’ ‘As a result of this and with much consideration Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him.’ She added that it had been ‘a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support’. ‘We are moving through this as a strong family unit, and wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him, the 33-year-old continued. ‘As Bruce always says, “Live it up” and together we plan to do just that.’ The post was signed ‘Emma, Demi, Rumer, Scout, Tallulah, Mabel, & Evelyn’, referencing his wife, model Emma Heming; ex-wife Demi Moore; children with Demi, Rumer, Scout and Tallulah; and his daughters Mabel, nine, and seven-year-old Evelyn with Emma. Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Bruce Willis for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Razzie Awards slammed for Bruce Willis apology after they suggest actor wanted to ‘go out with a bang’ amid aphasia diagnosis MORE : Scout Willis thanks fans for ‘exquisite outpouring of love’ as Hollywood rallies round following Bruce Willis aphasia diagnosis 