As Russian troops hold staff at the Chernobyl nuclear plant ‘hostage’, the mayor of a nearby town warns ‘complete catastrophe’ could be round the corner. Yuri Fomichev says fuel is running out at the site, including for back-up generators supplying its safety systems. With the plant being besieged for three weeks now, food supplies are also becoming scarce, and the stress of being held at gunpoint could lead to ‘a new accident’, he adds. His concerns were echoed by the official in charge of a 19-mile Exclusion Zone around Chernobyl  who warned staff were ‘on the edge of their human capabilities due to physical and emotional exhaustion’. Staff have had to create makeshift sleeping facilities at the site, using a few camp beds, tables and the floor. Slavutyc was built for evacuated staff following the 1986 nuclear disaster at the  Chernobyl plant. The decommissioned power plant houses 20 tons of nuclear waste, which has to be constantly cooled to stop radiation leaking through vaporisation. Warning of a ‘complete humanitarian catastrophe’ Fomichev told the Daily Mail that if cooling systems stop even for a short while, there could be a repeat of the 2011 nuclear disaster in Japan’s Fukushima. Slavutyc – home to around 20,000 people – was stormed on the first day of Vladimir Putin’s invasion, with Russian troops blowing up an access bridge to cut the area off. In a series of text messages, Fomichev said families have had to cook over open fires in their yards as electricity keeps cutting out. They are also being forced to use whatever fuel the town has left for heating. Slavutyc was left without power for five days after Russian troops damaged a high-voltage line. Ukraine’s national energy company Ukrenergo, restored power to the town for the third time on Monday. Fomichev said staff at the plant are ‘very tired – physically, morally and psychologically’. He added: ‘They lose concentration and it is very dangerous for the nuclear power plant’. The mayor called for a ‘humanitarian corridor’ in order for exhausted workers to be given a chance to leave and for new ones to be brought in. Yevhen Kramarenko, head of the agency managing the Exclusion Zone, said the 103 workers at  Chernobyl should be replaced every 24 hours. Another 160 members of staff are stuck in Slavutych but are unable to rotate with their colleagues. Kramarenko said the last data to come to the site showed a 20-fold increase in radiation levels from the site. Critical censors are placed across the exclusion zone, however the agency lost connection on day two of the invasion. Earlier this week Ukrainian authorities told the UN’s nuclear watchdog that staff at  Chernobyl are completely shattered and are no longer able to make repairs. In a statement the International Atomic Energy Agency said: ‘The Ukrainian regulator informed the IAEA that staff at (Chernobyl) were no longer carrying out repair and maintenance of safety-related equipment, in part due to their physical and psychological fatigue after working non-stop for nearly three weeks.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.