Bruce Willis will be stepping away from his acting career after being diagnosed with aphasia, it’s been confirmed. His daughter Rumer Willis broke the news on Instagram, alongside a post of the Die Hard star, with the rest of his family posting the same message too. She wrote: ‘To Bruce’s amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities.’ ‘As a result of this and with much consideration Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him.’ She added that it had been ‘a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support’. ‘We are moving through this as a strong family unit, and wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him, the 33-year-old continued. ‘As Bruce always says, “Live it up” and together we plan to do just that.’ The post was signed ‘Emma, Demi, Rumer, Scout, Tallulah, Mabel, & Evelyn’, referencing his wife, model Emma Heming; ex-wife Demi Moore; children with Demi, Rumer, Scout and Tallulah; and his daughters Mabel, nine, and seven-year-old Evelyn with Emma. The 67-year-old has enjoyed a long Hollywood career of blockbusters, and is known best for appearing as John McClane in the Die Hard movies as well as in 1998’s Armageddon. He also appeared in 1994 Quentin Tarantino classic Pulp Fiction with John Travolta, Uma Thurman and Samuel L Jackson, as well as the well-received thriller The Sixth Sense. The actor displayed his finely-tuned funny bone in other roles too, including a guest stint on hit TV show Friends, where he played the father of Ross’s (David Schwimmer) much younger girlfriend, and in The Whole Nine Yards and its sequel The Whole Ten Yards, opposite Matthew Perry. The action star provided the voice for baby and then toddler Mikey in Look Who’s Talking and Look Who’s Talking Too, son of Kirstie Alley’s single mother Mollie. Garlanded for his career, which stands at over 140 acting credits and began with uncredited roles in the early 1980s, Bruce has received three Emmy award nominations for his TV work on Moonlighting – his big break – and Friends, winning two, as well as a Golden Globe from four nominations. The prolific actor still has multiple projects set for relase, such as Fortress: Sniper’s Eye, Vendetta and Corrective Measures. In 2022, he was given his own category at the Razzie Awards for the eight movies he starred in released during 2021. The ceremony that celebrates the worst movies of the year created a category for Bruce alone, with his performances in American Siege, Apex, Cosmic Sin, Deadlock, Fortress, Midnight in the Switchgrass, Out of Death and Survive the Game all up for worst performance by Bruce Willis in a 2021 movie. Metro.co.uk has contacted Bruce Willis’ reps for further comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Wanted ‘can’t express their loss and sadness’ as they lead tributes to Tom Parker after death aged 33 MORE : Rita Ora ‘very annoyed’ she missed Will Smith’s Oscars slap as she was in the loo 