Will Smith was all smiles as he posed at the Producers Guild Awards with none other than Serena and Venus Williams. The actor, 52, was joined by the tennis legends on Saturday night for the awards at the Fairmont Century Plaza in Los Angeles. The King Richard actor looked as smart as ever in a blue tux with black trim, black waistcoat and tie. Meanwhile, Venus looked elegant in a white CD Greene gown. She styled her hair in a short blunt bob and accessorised with a pair of dazzling earrings. Younger sister Serena opted for a gorgeous low-cut Atelier Versace dress with a bejewelled top and velvet skirt. The sporting icons looked radiant as they hit the red carpet with the Men In Black actor in between them. Also in attendance last night were Will‘s King Richard co-stars Aunjanue Ellis, Demi Singleton, and Saniyya Sidney. CODA stars Marlee Matlin, Daniel Durant, and Troy Kotsur joined the event too. A bunch of big names took to the stage to hand out awards, with the likes of Steven Spielberg, Meryl Streep, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Jessica Chastain, Andrew Garfield, Jamie Dornan, and Jung Ho-yeon putting in an appearance. The Producers Guild Awards represents over 8,000 producers in film, television and new media. This year, winners included Disney phenomenon Encanto, which took home best animated feature, and Succession which won best TV drama series. Ted Lasso bagged best comedy series while RuPaul’s Drag Race won best reality series. It was happy days for James Corden as Carpool Karaoke: The Series won best short-form programme and TV variety programme went to Jamie Oliver’s Last Week Tonight. Will’s biographical sports drama film King Richard – in which he plays the father of tennis legends Serena and Venus – was among the 10 films nominated the Darryl F. Zanuck award for outstanding producer of theatrical motion pictures. The sisters served as executive producers on the project but, sadly, they lost out as the trophy went to CODA. But, Will and and his wife Jada Pinkett-Smith attended the Critics’ Choice Awards in LA earlier this week, where he did take home best movie actor for his performance as Richard Williams. He also gave a tearful acceptance speech at the SAG Awards earlier this month when he won the best actor gong. The Producers Guild Awards are often a predictor of which films will win big at the Oscars, so we’ll see shortly if they were right to recognise King Richard when the ceremony is held on March 28. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian slays in futuristic silver bra as she hits Swim pop-up shop in Miami MORE : Bridgerton season 2 review: Ravishing love story eventually finds its stride in swoonworthy return on Netflix 