Kanye West appears to be burying an animated version of Pete Davidson in the music video for his new song Eazy from his Donda 2 album. The rapper, who has launched a number of scathing tirades on his ex-wife Kim Kardashian’s new boyfriend in recent weeks, also mentions the Saturday Night Live comedian by name in the lyrics of the track. ‘God saved me from the crash, just so I can beat Pete Davidson’s ass,’ Kanye is heard rapping as the accompanying video shows him, as a cartoon, dragging what appears to be a restrained Pete with a bag over his head. The animation then shows Kanye removing the bag from Pete, whose body is in the ground, and sprinkling seeds over his head. The video arrived hours after Kim had been declared legally single in the latest hearing in her divorce proceedings with the artist. It’s been announced that the reality TV star will change her name from Kardashian-West back to just Kardashian after a motion was granted by a judge at Los Angeles County Superior Court. Kanye has shared numerous references to Kim’s new relationship on social media in recent weeks, calling out her new beau Pete and begging for her back. His uploads included a picture of Pete’s body on a post where he branded the actor ‘a d***head’ and accused him of being Hillary Clinton’s ‘ex-boyfriend’. Kanye also vowed that Pete would not be allowed to meet the children he shares with Kim – North, eight, Saint, six, Chicago, four, and Psalm, two – and shared a private text allegedly from the comic. During his tirade, Kanye – who referred to Pete as ‘Skete’ in his barrage of posts on the social media app – insisted he would reunite with Kim. Although he has since deleted the posts and issued an apology to Kim, accepting responsibility for ‘harassing’ her, he has continued to make his feelings about Pete known. Last week, Kanye appeared to make a dig at his love rival in his new song Security. The lyrics included the line: ‘Pop some, I ain’t getting frisked. I put your security at risk/ Pop some I ain’t getting frisked. I put your security at risk. ‘Ok we gon’ make this an event? y’all gone need security for this/ Security gon’ need security for this/ Never take the family picture off the fridge/ Never stand between a man and his kids/ Y’all ain’t got enough security for this. ‘I put your security at risk. I make your security all quit, like ‘we ain’t gettin paid enough for this.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 