Tommy Robinson could be held in contempt of court once again after he failed to show for questioning over his finances. Robinson, whose real name is Stephen Yaxley-Lennon, was summoned to court over unpaid legal bills after he lost a libel case against a Syrian teenager. A High Court judge will now decide if the far-right activist, who founded the English Defence League, is in contempt of court. If he is found guilty, Robinson, 39, could be punished with up to two years in prison or an unlimited fine. Robinson was successfully sued by Jamal Hijazi, who was assaulted at Almondbury Community School in Huddersfield in 2018. When shocking footage of the incident went viral, Robinson claimed Mr Hijazi was ‘not innocent’ and alleged the 15-year-old refugee violently attacked young English girls. The High Court later found those claims to be false. Robinson was ordered to pay more than £43,000 in legal costs in November 2020, but Robinson declared bankruptcy four months later, which the court heard has since been discharged. Last month, Mr Hijazi’s lawyers successfully applied for an order requiring Robinson to return to court to answer questions about his finances. Ian Helme, for Mr Hijazi, previously said there was information ‘that what is stated in his bankruptcy application is not a full account of (Robinson’s) assets’. After Robinson failed to appear on Tuesday, Mr Helme said lawyers had ‘tried various methods to bring this to Mr Lennon’s attention’, including sending documents by post to multiple addresses – including one in Tenerife and his ex-wife’s home – and to different phone numbers on WhatsApp. Judge John Dagnall found Robinson knew ‘perfectly well’ he was due to attend court, adding he even emailed the court asking for the hearing to be adjourned. ‘It seems to me at first sight a classic situation where he has decided not to attend,’ he said. Judge Dagnall said ‘all I can do’ is refer Robinson’s non-attendance to a High Court judge. ‘They may, if he or she chooses to do so, hold Mr Yaxley-Lennon in contempt,’ he continued. Robinson was previously jailed for contempt of court after he filmed men accused of the sexual exploitation of young girls and live-streamed the footage outside Leeds Crown Court in May 2018, in breach of a reporting ban. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.