Blossom is on the trees, the sun is shining, and it’s finally beginning to feel a bit like spring. From pastel pink trainers to floral-flavoured hard seltzers, this week’s Fit List is celebrating the new season. Plus we’re got rejuvenating wellness picks including soothing bath salts, Moju’s Hot Shot and an anti-aging super hydrator. And while it might be getting sunnier out, it’s not that warm still, which is why we’ve included some stylish outdoorwear for chilly March hikes. Here are our picks this week. Designed by women for women, outdoor label ACAI is shaped to fit the female form. Whether it’s a stroll, or a mountain hike, ACAI has stylish, flattering pieces, including waterproof denim. Buy from £17 from ACAI. Hard seltzers are still selling strong and Bodega Bay has created three new flavours to tempt healthy hedonists. Made with CraftedClear alcohol, sparkling water and natural extracts each comes in at four per cent ABV and 96 calories per serving. Buy for £23.99 (12 x 250ml) from Bodega Bay. MOJU’s Hot Shot is a spicy powerhouse of whole-pressed mangoes, with warming ginger, turmeric root, vitamin C and a kick of cayenne. It’s a great caffeine alternative if you’re looking for a pick-me-up in the morning. Buy for £2 (60ml shot) in-store at Waitrose. Who knew that Westlab Soothing Dead Sea Bath Salts were good for your scalp? Mix a handful with your shampoo and massage your scalp to buff away dead skin and alleviate symptoms of dryness and itchiness. Buy for £4.99 (1kg) from Boots. Practicing gratitude, journaling and manifestation are trending and, as it’s never too late to set new goals and intentions, snap up a Mål Paper journal and start your road to self-improvement. Buy from £17 at Mal Paper. MyProtein has added this metallic Ombre colourway to its Velocity collection. The Seamless Leggings (£46) and Sports Bra (£36) both have reflective logos to ensure visibility and sweat-wicking fabric to keep you cool. Shop the collection at My Protein. Natural Australian skincare brand, MooGoo has three new scents of its 100% aluminium free, roll-on deodorant. Naturally preserved with hops extract, choose from Oats and Honey, Coconut Cream and Lemon Myrtle. Buy for £5.95 each from MooGoo. Apply Hada Labo Tokyo’s Anti-Ageing Super Hydrator Lotion before moisturising to quench skin, fight fine lines and rejuvenate. Buy for £17.45 from Superdrug. Sorel’s Kinetic Breakthru Tech Trainer is a thing of wonder thanks to this chunky, scalloped sole. It’s also made from a sustainable algae-biomass material. Buy for £115 from Sorel. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The truth about dermaplaning: Does it really cause your hair to grow back thicker? MORE : Experts explain why you should never store your skincare in the bathroom MORE : The Body Shop moves into wellness with a science-backed sleep range