Will Smith was all smiles as he posed alongside his ex-wife Sheree Zampino following his now-infamous slap of Chris Rock at Sunday night’s Oscars. Will, 53, stunned the millions of viewers tuned into the global awards ceremony when he smacked comedian Chris, 57, across the face during the live broadcast over a joke about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith’s hair. However, following the incident, the Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air star appeared to not have had a worry in the world. His ex-wife Sheree shared an Instagram shot of herself proudly standing beside the smiling actor as she held the Academy Award he won a few hours before for his leading role in King Richard. The actor looked in good spirits in his black three-piece suit with his arm around his ex’s shoulders. Sheree, 54, who was married from 1992 until 1995 to the Fresh Prince star and is mother of his son Trey Smith, 29, posted the snap on Monday, along with the caption: ‘Epic Night! Congratulations again – when 1 wins we all win! #family1st.’ The beauty business owner was in attendance at Elton John’s Oscar bash in West Hollywood, California, also shared a video of herself viewing the ceremony in a private suite with Will’s other children – with current wife Jada – Jaden Smith, 23, and Willow Smith, 21. Jada’s mother, Adrienne Banfield-Norris was also in attendance. The video showed the entire family had got together to watch Will crowned best actor for his role in the biographical drama, his first-ever Oscar. Sheree did not address the incident that happened on stage between her ex-husband and Chris, which occurred after the comedian made a joke about Jada’s shaved head. Chris told the audience at the time: ‘Jada, I love you, GI Jane 2, can’t wait to see it.’ The joke was not received well by Jada, who has openly spoken about being diagnosed with alopecia, which causes hair loss. After Will walked up to Chris and smacked him, he shouted twice, ‘Keep my wife’s name out of your f***ing mouth!’ He later apologised to the academy, but not to Chris, in a tearful acceptance speech following his win, before dropping a full apology a day later. Chris, meanwhile, has not filed charges in connection with the assault, according to the Los Angeles Police Department. After the ceremony, Will and Jada seemed to have put all the drama behind them at the Vanity Fair Oscars Party, where they were seen dancing, and Will rapped along to his 1998 single Gettin’ Jiggy wit It. On Monday, the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences said in a statement that they condemned ‘the actions of Mr. Smith at last night’s show’. They added that they ‘have officially started a formal review around the incident and will explore further action and consequences in accordance with our bylaws, standards of conduct and California law.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Alec Baldwin compares Oscars 2022 to ‘Jerry Springer Show’ and supports Chris Rock after Will Smith slap MORE : Judi Love fears Will Smith slapping Chris Rock will be ‘used against a lot of black men’ 