Abstinence (the temporary kind, anyway) is all the rage these days. Kourtney Kardashian recently revealed she went on a sex fast as part of a ‘cleanse’, No Nut November attracts thousands of participants every year, and with the arrival of Lent come many proclamations that rather than chocolate or takeaways, people plan to give up sexual gratification. While there’s no harm in skipping orgasms for a bit, and no, blue balls are not real, the suggestion that quitting sex can have ‘detoxing’ benefits for the mind and body needs to be taken with a massive pinch of salt. ‘There’s no evidence supporting that quitting sex benefits the mind or body,’ says Ness Cooper. ‘Many studies that suggested it helped performance, fertility, or mindfulness have all been debunked. ‘Those who do see benefits from it may be influenced by social-psychological effects of abstinence-based sex education, rather than anything that can be measured through a biopsychological approach.’ Some people who choose to abstain from sex may be doing so out of concerns about their relationship with sex, or perhaps worries about sex addiction. That’s perfectly valid. If you want to go without sex just to see how you feel, go right ahead – although we’d recommend talking to a mental health professional rather than just hoping being sex-free will sort out all issues. What you shouldn’t expect a sex fast to do, though, is offer any sort of ‘cleanse’. Sex doesn’t make you dirty. It’s not a toxin that needs expunging from your body. For many relationships, sex is an important part of intimacy, and deciding to ditch that can have a negative effect on your bond. There’s no evidence to suggest that going without sex for a period of time will make you better mentally or physically, improve your focus, or give you a feeling of wellness. In fact, there’s more evidence to suggest that a good orgasm will do that, as it can help with productivity, sleep, and stress reduction. In short: do a sex fast if you fancy it, whether as a turn-on or a challenge. But if you’re pursuing chastity as a route to wellness or betterment, it’s not worth the bother. ‘I don’t advise individuals to give up sex generally unless it’s after having certain surgeries where particular areas need to heal first,’ Ness adds. ‘Sometimes couples can find it fun to stop having sex for a period of time, but more in the way of an erotic game such as chastity. Sex can be a large part of intimacy for some and it may result in some conflict if not fully agreed upon at first. ‘Those who want to do this as a challenge whilst in a relationship should communicate with their partner beforehand and agree to boundaries and limits.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The pretzel sex position delivers deep penetration and eye contact to match – here’s how it’s done MORE : How I Do It: ‘I work as a cam girl – here’s a week in my sex life’ MORE : 10 sex things men and women wish their partners would do more