Little Britain has returned to BBC iPlayer with some of its most offensive content removed – but the controversial comedy still contains some incredibly shocking scenes. Matt Lucas and David Walliams’ comedy came under fire over its regular use of ‘blackface’ make-up but was eventually axed from iPlayer, Britbox and Netflix altogether. However, ahead of the pair’s return to television for Comic Relief this Friday, the BBC has made edits to the programme that ‘better reflect the changes in the cultural landscape over the last 20 years since the show was first made’ and reinstated it. Despite that, some pretty offensive content has remained, with one sketch showing David Walliams’ blunt character Linda Flint speaking to a student, Kenneth Lao. Asked over the phone to describe him, Linda says: ‘He’s got straight black hair, yellowish skin, slight smell of soy sauce.’ She goes on to use an racist slur, saying: ‘That’s it, the ching-chong Chinaman.’ One viewer tweeted: ‘So Matt Lucas and David Walliams have cut the blackface from Little Britain to “reflect the changes in the cultural landscape” (and get it back on iPlayer) yet this has stayed in.’ The episode features a disclaimer at the beginning, saying the episode ‘contains discriminatory content’. In a statement about Little Britain returning to iPlayer, the broadcaster said: ‘Little Britain has been made available to fans on BBC iPlayer following edits made to the series by Matt and David that better reflect the changes in the cultural landscape over the last 20 years since the show was first made.’ Both Matt and David apologised over the use of blackface in their show, which started as a radio comedy in 2000 before launching on BBC Three. In a joint statement in June 2020, they said: ‘Once again we want to make it clear that it was wrong; we are very sorry.’ Matt also said he had many regrets about Little Britain, admitting it was ‘cruel’. ‘Basically, I wouldn’t make that show now. It would upset people. We made a more cruel kind of comedy than I’d do now,’ he told Big Issue. Little Britain initially ran from 2003 to 2007. Metro.co.uk has contacted the BBC and reps for David Walliams and Matt Lucas for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Little Britain returns to BBC with edits to ‘reflect changes in cultural landscape’ after being axed over blackface MORE : Matt Lucas and David Walliams’ transformation as Michael Ball and Alfie Boe for Rock Profile is absolutely wild 