Rita Ora and Taika Waititi were the life and soul of the Critics Choice Awards, with everyone seemingly wanting to form a throuple with the lovebirds. The couple were among the stars who attended the movie awards at Fairmont Century Plaza hotel in California on Sunday, while other A-listers appeared via a livestream from London due to the Baftas taking place simultaneously. All eyes were on Rita, 31, and Taika, 46, who rocked up to the red carpet event suitably glammed, suited and booted. I Will Never Let You Down singer Rita dazzled in a sultry purple velvet dress which featured sheer material in a criss-cross design across her body, while Thor director Taika looked dapper in a midnight blue suit and tie. The couple were pictured snuggling up to each other at the dinner table and striking fierce poses for photographers, but they were interrupted by others wanting to get involved in the action. Set It Up actress Zoey Deutch couldn’t help but sandwich the smitten couple as they posed for photos, comfortably positioning herself in the middle sending them all into laughter. Taika feigned annoyance and was seen pulling an angry face at one point, while Rita sweetly held hands with the pint-sized actress who, at one point, even got down on her knees in front of the lovers we presume to ask for a throuple. Zoey wasn’t the only star to seize a photo opportunity with the pair as Oscar-nominee Kristen Stewart sauntered over for an impromptu photo shoot. Once inside the party, Rita was still the star of the show as even tennis legends Serena and Venus Williams managed to grab a photo with the British pop star. Rita and Taika have been jetsetting recently as they recently popped up at Milan Fashion Week where they literally couldn’t keep their hands off each other. They are believed to have started dating in March 2021 as they were virtually inseparable while hunkered down in Australia as the filmmaker worked on the upcoming Thor instalment. They then made their public debut at The Suicide Squad premiere in August. The pop star addressed their relationship for the first time and coyly told Australian Vogue: ‘I’m in a great place in my life, that’s all I’m going to say about that.’ The Critics Choice Awards saw The Power of the Dog win best picture and best director for Jane Campion, while Will Smith scooped best actor for his performance in King Richard. Jessica Chastain won best actress following her turn in The Eyes of Tammy Faye, while Belfast was crowned best ensemble. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘I don’t understand’: Lorraine Kelly baffled by Prince Harry attending Invictus Games but snubbing Prince Philip memorial MORE : Clive Myrie dubs BBC’s Lyse Doucet ‘one of the best journalists of our generation’ while she insists: ‘We’re not trying to be heroes’ 