Are you ready for the 2022 Oscars? With this year’s Hollywood extravaganza on our doorstep, and the latest swathe of celebrities set to descend on the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles on Sunday, March 27 – we thought it might be a good time to remember the moments that made us gasp, gawk and applaud over the decades. We’ve got your classic red carpet faux pas, to speeches that still remain etched in our memory, as well as presenters calling the wrong winner. Honestly, the history of the biggest ceremony in the Hollywood calendar has many an infamous minute – that often ends up living on much longer than the celebrations and gift bag freebies do. While it’s a mission to rake through the past 94 years and detail each moment, both controversial and heart-warming, we’ve instead cherry-picked a range that still sparks brainwaves in the modern mind. So, let’s recall those moments that still make us raise an eyebrow, for better or worse. Marlon ruffled feathers when in 1970 he sent Native American actress and activist Sacheen Littlefeather onto the stage to reject his win for best actor in The Godfather. To some applause, but definitely boos from the unimpressed audience, the actress said she was taking to the stage on behalf of the actor who opposed the treatment of Native Americans. ‘I’m representing Marlon Brando this evening and he has asked me to tell you…that he very regretfully cannot accept this very generous award,’ she said into the microphone. ‘The reasons for this being the treatment of American Indians today by the film industry.’ Facing backlash for the move, Sacheen later said: ‘John Wayne was in the wings, ready to have me taken off stage.’ We can’t imagine anyone getting past the burly Oscars security guards, let alone a naked person, now, it did happen once in 1974 when a streaker stripped off and ran onto the stage. As actor David Niven was about to introduce actress Elizabeth Taylor, a man by the name of Robert Opel donned his birthday suit and gave everyone a great show. The audience found it hilarious and when Elizabeth took to the stage she, too, appeared to see the funny side as she sported a huge grin. Later on, Robert held a press conference about the spectacle (no, he wasn’t even kicked out of the ceremony) as he said: ‘People shouldn’t be ashamed of being nude in public. Besides, it is a hell of a way to launch a career.’ Less controversial and more boss now, at the time Cher caused quite a stir with her massive, spiky hat. But, it’s Cher, right? That woman can do anything. Perhaps wanting to give one back to the Academy after her popular and dramatically brilliant performance in Mask was overlooked for nomination she took to the red carpet in quite the headdress. Wearing a black beaded outfit (oh yeah, let’s not forget she was pretty scantily-clad by Oscar standards), she teamed her couture with a jaw-dropping Bob Mackie feather headpiece. It was a crafty move from the actress and singer, who explained her thoughts behind the decision: ‘As you can see, I did receive my Academy booklet on how to dress like a serious actress.’ Two years later she wore a see-through dress. Forget Miley, Cher can’t be tamed. And we’re here for it. The actress shocked so many when she basically made out with her brother, James, on the red carpet after winning her Oscar for Girl, Interrupted. Okay, so they’re close. On stage, though, Angelina wanted it known just how much she loved her sibling as she said into the mic: ‘I’m in shock and I’m so in love with my brother and he just tells me and says he loves me and I know he’s so happy for me.’ Cool. Everyone likes to look swish on the Oscars red carpet – it’s the night many designers get to show off their hard work when they know the most cameras and eyes will be watching. Björk was always going to be the one to really buck the trend, though, when the eccentric Icelandic singer wore a Marjan Pejoski swan dress that quite literally looked like a broken-necked bird was wrapped around her. It wasn’t enough, though, for the dress to do the talking, she then ‘laid’ an egg on the carpet. Yes, this girl comes with props. Understandably everyone was pretty shocked by the number – how uncouth! When Adrien Brody won best actor for his role in The Pianist he was just so happy he had to make out with someone. That someone was Halle Berry, who was presenting him the award after winning best actress for Monster’s Ball the year earlier. Before taking to the mic, he wrapped Halle in a passionate embrace, dipped her and planted one huge kiss on her peckers – much to the amusement of the punters watching. She went along with hit, but the uninvited smooch angered many who took offense to the rogue move. Who would have thought it would have taken this long to get a f**k muttered on the Oscars stage, eh? It all happened then best supporting actress Melissa Leo was so taken aback by her win that she said to the crowd: ‘When I watched Kate [Winslet] two years ago, it looked so fucking easy!’ Kate didn’t swear – so guess she made it look way easier than it was. Luckily those censors were on her like Adrien Brody on Halle and beeped the curse before it aired on telly. While walking the red carpet of the 2012 Oscars as his character from The Dictator, Sacha Baron Cohen had everyone on high alert. So Ryan Seacrest really should have known better when the E! host grabbed the comedic actor on his way into the ceremony. Toting an urn filled with the ‘ashes of Kim Jong-Il’, as he prepared to walk away Sacha ‘accidentally’ tipped the vase, and thus the ashes, all over the sharply-dressed presenter. Coated in a thick dusting, all Ryan could do was laugh as Sacha walked away. The shot that will go down in history: Jennifer Lawrence, head in her hand, as she kneels down on the Oscars steps on her way to accept her best actress Oscar for Silver Linings Playbook. As J-Law tripped on her pretty pink Dior gown, gent Hugh Jackman ran to her aid as Jennifer laughed it off. Taking to the mic, she said to the standing crowd: ‘You guys are just standing up because you feel bad that I fell.’ No one has tripped since and we can only hope it’s because Jennifer was a cautionary tale to really hold up that couture as you take to the steps. That same year…she also flipped off the press backstage. What a time to be alive. Only moments after said fall, though, the actress flipped the bird in the press room as she was interviewed post-win. It’s another iconic moment from the star we won’t be forgetting anytime soon. John Travolta went down in Oscars infamy as he very incorrectly pronounced Broadway and Frozen star Idina Menzel’s name horrendously wrong. Perhaps not practicing the pronunciation before taking to the microphone, he very gingerly stumbled over the star’s name as he said: ‘Please welcome the wickedly talented, one and only Adele Dazeem.’ Did he actually just say that, the world collectively quizzed. In turn, John soon turned into a meme. Classic internet. Don’t worry, though, the actress got her own back when in 2015 on the same Oscars stage she introduced John as ‘dear friend Glom Gazingo.’ It was a darn travesty that Leonardo had to wait so long for his Oscar. Having been nominated three times in the best actor category before and missing out – apparently because he once angered the Academy who ‘banned’ him from ever winning – he finally got his award in 2016 for his role in The Revenant. And the world cheered. The host of the awards that year, Chris Rock, wanted to use his time on stage to call out the Academy himself in the midst of the #OscarsSoWhite conversation. Not holding back any punches, he said: ‘I’m here at the Academy Awards, otherwise known as the White People’s Choice Awards. ‘If they nominated hosts I wouldn’t even get this job.’ It’s definitely Moonlight. In perhaps the biggest Oscars controversy, like, ever, the most-anticipated award of the night was wrongly awarded after a stuff-up with the envelopes. And boy was it embarrassing. Like, it’s the last flippin’ award of the evening! There should only be one envelope left! Presenter Warren Beatty had one job when he read out the winner as La La Land. The cast and crew were weeping and hugging as they took to the stage to accept the award they thought they’d won, when the film’s producer Jordan Horowitz saw the actual envelope and muttered those famous words while showing the right card to the camera: ‘I’m sorry, there’s a mistake. Moonlight, you guys won best picture.’ And the crowd looked like this: Oh yeah, this happened. The card Warren was given was apparently a duplicate of the best actress card with Emma Stone’s name for La La Land. Spike Lee was allegedly ‘visibly angry’ when Green Book won best picture at the Oscars  in 2019 The drama, about a white man hired to drive an African-American pianist through the Deep South, was the surprise winner of the night’s biggest prize – leading to complaints from many movie fans. And it turns out Spike – whose film BlackKklansmen was up for the same award – felt the same way. According to numerous reports from inside the Dolby Theatre, the 61-year-old director turned his back to the stage as the Green Book team made their acceptance speech. The Irishman director quickly became an internet sensation as he caught 40 winks as the rapper came onto the stage for a surprise appearance at last year’s ceremony. Whether Martin’s not a fan of the track or just tired after two hours of sitting in the same spot remains to be seen. The hilarious moment began with a montage of memorable songs from hit films before Eminem took to the stage to perform Lose Yourself, which won best original song for 8 Mile in 2002. As Eminem performed the song, cameras panned throughout the crowd just to stop at Martin taking a wee nap and fans are in love with it. The Korean director’s film Parasite made history as it became the first ever film not in the English language to win best picture at the Academy Awards and its director was the MVP of the night. During his acceptance speech he emulated the classic Mean Girls scene where Cady broke up her prom queen crown to share, saying: ‘If the Academy allows, I would like to get a Texas chainsaw, split the award into five and share it with all of you.’ The moment he was seen gazing at his award will also go down in history while he also audience cracking up as he started his speech by saying: ‘After winning best international feature, I thought I was done for the day and was ready to relax.’ And to conclude? ‘I will drink until next morning, thank you.’ Last year’s ceremony looked a little different – with the telecast beaming to us from multiple locations and not just the usual Dolby Theatre – in an effort to socially distance amid the pandemic. But Daniel’s speech for best supporting actor brought the house down… and made his mother blush. The star took to the stage in Los Angeles to accept the gong for his role in Judas and the Black Messiah and in doing so he gave a special shout-out to those that brought him into the world. He told those in the room they had work to do – reflecting on the work of Fred Hampton, former chairman of the Illinois chapter of the Black Panther Party, who he portrays in the film. He said: ‘I look to every single one of you. You got work to do,’ as he said of himself: ‘I’m gonna get back to work… Tuesday morning. Because tonight I’m going out!’ Reflecting on how special the moment was, he turned his attention to his family, who were watching from the UK. ‘We got to celebrate life, we’re walking, we’re breathing, it’s incredible,’ he said. ‘My mum met my dad, they had sex! I’m so lucky to be alive, so I’m going to celebrate that.’ The camera then turned to his family, with some believing his mother said: ‘What is he talking about?’ Technically not part of the ceremony, per se, but very much part of the Oscars, Youn Yuh-Jung waved off questions about Brad Pitt in the most brilliant of ways as she spoke to reporters backstage after winning the best supporting actress Oscar last year. The Minari star has fawned over Brad after he presented her with her gong, tickling punters on social media – but when asked what Brad smelled like after he presented her with the Oscar, Youn wasn’t having it, as she said: ‘I didn’t smell him, I’m not a dog. No.’ No more needs to be said, really – we had our real winner of the 2021 Oscars. Let’s see what this year has to offer for this list… MORE : Oscars 2022: Nominations, date, time and how to watch MORE : Oscars 2022: Who will win, and who should win? The latest odds and predictions ahead of Sunday’s ceremony MORE : Oscars 2022: Secrets from award show seat fillers – from selfie bans to baffled celebrities Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below 