They call themselves the Clueless Renovators, but one look around Jess and Darius Alavi-Ellis’s stylish Victorian terrace will tell you that they are anything but. Since moving into their dated north London doer-upper in May 2019, not only have they learned DIY skills – including plumbing, tiling, demolition, floor laying and room design – they have also saved themselves a fortune. It’s no mean feat considering both worked full-time throughout – Jess as a news editor at ITV and Darius in marketing – and mid-renovation, baby Remi, now six-months-old, also joined the family, along with two kittens, Percy and Nibnob. The revamp was a family affair, with Jess’s dad Mike and Darius’s mum Jill also pitching in, plus vintage inherited furnishings and mementos from their grandparents giving the redesigned, light-filled interiors a super-chic yet homely atmosphere. ‘It was a multi-generational home and hadn’t had much love,’ says Jess. ‘We couldn’t afford a finished house and we bought it thinking it needed mostly cosmetic work but it was worse than we realised – the walls were crumbling, it needed replumbing and rewiring and the bathroom wasn’t connected to the hot water supply. ‘The day we moved in, I cried and cried. It was dirty, full of rubbish with leaky windows and mouldy walls. My parents are experienced renovators so they reassured us – and the next day we were knocking down walls.’ With no budget for an architect or professional tradespeople, Jess and Darius drew up a wish list inspired by holidays and experiences they had shared. They employed builders to add an extension and a friend did the plastering but every other DIY job they tackled themselves after watching YouTube tutorials, sharing tips with other Instagram renovators and taking advice from Jess’s dad Mike. ‘Darius once paid a handyman to put up some shelves so we laugh now at the fact that we’ve rebuilt a house,’ says Jess. ‘Dad drove up from Sussex every Sunday for the first year to show us what to do. We didn’t have a kitchen or bathroom, the only running water was a hosepipe and we had to use our neighbour’s loo for a wee. ‘We underestimated so much and sometimes we sat in the rubble with no roof wondering what we’d done. Working every evening and weekend was relentless.’ Their bedroom was the first finished room following a laborious two weeks spent stripping vinyl wallpaper. They installed sash windows, restored a blocked up fireplace and re-laid the uneven floor. ‘It dipped in the middle so we removed the laminate flooring, lifted all the boards, numbering them as we went, and installed new supporting joists before angle grinding the nails off, re-laying and finely sanding the planks ready to varnish,’ recalls Jess. Original lost features such as coving, ceiling roses and skirting boards were reinstated and the colour scheme was inspired by the mountainous Basque country where they got married. The dining room was created by demolishing an old bathroom and loo to create a vibrant Mexican space, with terracotta walls inspired by their honeymoon and bi-fold doors opening onto the garden. ‘You couldn’t see the garden before as, originally, there were no windows so the bi-folds have been transformational,’ adds Jess. ‘I made a mood board and we worked out where the sun goes to size the picture window perfectly to catch every last ray of sunshine.’ Living room wow factors include a sofa Jess and Darius collaborated on with Rockett St George and a 1970s green velvet Conran scoop chair which Jess snapped up for £100 on eBay. The leather armchair came from Darius’s gran and the brass sconces and ceiling lights were also eBay finds. They restored the original oak flooring, sourcing a cast iron fireplace and marble surround on Gumtree and Jess tiled the hearth with chequerboard Zellige tiles from Otto Tiles. The hallway is an homage to clever colour blocking with Mylands Burlington Arcade blue walls segueing into sunshine yellow as they approach the vivid front door. The London Encaustic floor tiles follow a similar colour blocking theme. ‘The hallway is the most important room for me – you can shut the front door and feel safe. You don’t spend long there so you can go really bold.’ The cosiest spot is the cactus nook and window sofa seat in the side extension, described by Jess as ‘our cheapo version of an indoor courtyard’, with a hammock seat, Persian rugs and leafy plants creating a snug retreat. ‘I knew I wanted a nook like this before we even had a house,’ says Jess. The gloomy galley kitchen was knocked through and the floor excavated as a budget-friendly way of creating higher ceilings, with bespoke birchwood ply cabinetry, brass worktops and Zellige tiles from eBay creating a welcoming open plan heart of the home. Even pregnancy didn’t stop Jess, who was still up ladders painting ceilings and tiling just weeks before giving birth. Remi’s nursery was created by knocking through an upstairs bathroom and third bedroom, redrawing the boundaries with stud walls. ‘The 1950s wardrobes were inherited from Darius’s grandad, the curtains and tapestry are by Darius’ mum Jill and she also reupholstered a Ligne Roset sofa(inset) we bought for £1,’ adds Jess. This knock-through also maximised the bathroom and Jess used masking tape to map out where to plumb the sanitary ware. So almost three years later, what have they learned? ‘We would never sand floors again,’ Jess laughs. ‘It creates so much dust, I would pay for that in future. ‘Darius hates doing skirting boards and tiling while I don’t have a clue about plumbing, but together we’ve learned new skills and saved around £25,000 by doing it all ourselves. ‘You don’t need any DIY experience to renovate – you just need relentless enthusiasm, endless patience and to not be bothered about going out or having hobbies!’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Dreamy eco shack in Hawaii with an outdoor kitchen and toilet up for sale at £120,000 MORE : DIY couple reveal how to create a stylish panelled wall for just £29 MORE : DIY newbie turns plain beige house into gloriously colourful wonderland while furloughed