Supermodel Bella Hadid is the latest star to open up on cosmetic surgery, saying she wishes she hadn’t had a nose job at the age of 14. It’s caused a barrage of criticism to be levelled at her parents. Bella, 25, is the daughter of Yolanda Hadid, who’s Dutch-American, and Mohamed Hadid, who’s Palestinian-Jordanian. In a candid interview with Vogue US earlier this week, Bella said: ‘I wish I’d kept the nose of my ancestors’, adding that she believes she would have ‘grown into it’. Many social media users were quick to critique Bella’s parents’ decision for letting their daughter get plastic surgery at such a young age. Since Bella opened up about her experiences with the impact plastic surgery has had on her mental health, we’ve taken a deep dive into other celebrities who’ve been candid and open about their procedures. Courteney Cox has recently opened up about getting fillers and Botox, saying she didn’t realise that they’d made her look ‘strange’. Speaking to New Beauty in 2017 about the procedures she’s undergone, she said: ‘I’ve had all my fillers dissolved. I’m as natural as I can be. I feel better because I look like myself.’ The Friends star, 57, added: ‘I think that I now look more like the person that I was. I hope I do. Things are going to change. ‘Everything’s going to drop. I was trying to make it not drop, but that made me look fake. ‘You need movement in your face, especially if you have thin skin like I do. Those aren’t wrinkles — they’re smile lines. I’ve had to learn to embrace movement and realize that fillers are not my friend.’ Dolly Parton has always been open about the plastic surgery she’s had while in the lime light, and how she believes it’s helped her get to where she wants to be in her life and career. She has been honest about how she feels she was never ‘naturally pretty’ and that she therefore needed a bit of extra help by going under the knife. Dolly, 76, said: ‘It is true that I look artificial, but I believe that I’m totally real.’ Speaking to CBS Sunday Morning co-host Tony Dokoupil  she added: ‘I’m telling you, I’m not.’ ‘You should have seen me this morning before I got ready to see you. I’m serious, though. I’m not a natural beauty, but I can enhance it. Whatever it takes, I do. I try to make the most of everything.’ It’s widely known that Keeping Up With the Kardashians star Kylie has had lip filler, and she’s never denied the rumours. Writing on her app at the beginning of 2016, the 24-year-old said: ‘I’m not against plastic surgery. ‘I’ve only been under [anesthesia] once before, when I went to the dentist and I didn’t react well; it really scared me.’ She added: ‘I threw up and I was SO nauseous the next day. But as of now, I only have lip fillers…But I’m also someone who says “never say never.” If, down the line, I get to a point where I’m really uncomfortable with something on my body, I’m not against changing it.’ Superstar Cardi B has been vocal about her decision to undergo various plastic surgery treatments in the past, explaining that they have helped to increase her confidence after years of bullying. Speaking about how the procedures made her feel, the WAP hitmaker explained: ‘When I felt super confident. I feel so vindicated.’ In addition to breast augmentation, Cardi, 29, has had illegal injections in her butt. She said: ‘In order to get lipo, where they put the fat transfer in your ass and it gets bigger, you need to have fat. I did not have no type of fat. ‘But I was desperate to have a bigger ass.’ Nicole Kidman has been transparent about having botox injections in the past. Speaking to La Republica, reported by the Huffington Post, the 54-year-old said: ‘I did try Botox, unfortunately, but I got out of it and now I can finally move my face again.’ Jessica Simpson’s experiences with surgical procedures haven’t always been positive, with the star admitting she was ‘ashamed’ of her body. Writing in her January 2020 memoir, she revealed how she’d had two tummy tucks in the past, both in 2015. The 41-year-old said: ‘I wanted to get rid of the stretch marks and loose skin left sagging from my back-to-back pregnancies. ‘I was so ashamed of my body at this point that I wouldn’t let Eric see me without a white T-shirt on.’ She suffered complications after the second procedure, however, and stayed in hospital for nine days. ‘I got an infection — colitis — and was vomiting so much I thought I was going to bust my sutures. … Doctors talked seriously about me needing a blood transfusion.’ It’s no secret that Lisa Kudrow underwent rhinoplasty when she was 16 years old, and she’s also called the procedure ‘life altering’. Speaking about the procedure, the 58-year-old said: ‘I went from, in my mind, hideous, to not hideous. I did it the summer before going to a new high school. ‘So there were plenty of people who wouldn’t know how hideous I looked before. That was a good, good, good change.’ Since the initial procedure, it’s been alleged that Lisa has had non-surgical treatments of dermal fillers. In an article in the Mirror, a specialist said: ‘It is possible that Lisa has had the non-surgical treatment of dermal fillers to her cheeks at some point in her career. ‘Fillers plump up skin sections, as plumpness can be lost with the natural ageing process that both men and women go through. ‘The procedure replaces soft tissue whilst filling in wrinkles/skin folds. I do not believe she has had any further non-surgical treatments recently.’ Kris Jenner is certainly no stranger to the odd nip and tuck, and she’s been more than open about her experiences, while she still looks extremely youthful at the age of 65. Momager Kris and the proud mum-of-six has been completely open about how she keeps herself looking spectacular. During a 2015 appearance on E!’s Good Work with RuPaul and Botched surgeon Dr Terry Dubrow, she joked: ‘You want me to list everything?! I’m kidding.’ ‘Botox and fillers and laser [treatments] and things like that. I had a boob job in the ’80s after four kids because gravity took over.’ She explained how the breast implants were ‘great’ for a couple of years, however, then she wanted to get them removed. ‘I felt matronly and nothing fit anymore, and suddenly, it was like get them out. ‘So, the same doctor who put them in, he took them out, and then had to do a little lift and then put smaller ones in.’ Superstar Cher rose to fame in the 1960s, when she became an iconic staple in pop music and fashion. She’s spoken openly about having her breasts enhanced. The singer said: ‘I’ve had my breasts done. But my breast operations were a nightmare.’ ‘They were really botched in every way. If anything, they were worse after than before.’ Despite her negative feelings about the procedure, the 75-year-old went on to have a nose job, face lift and dental procedures. Speaking about why she goes under the knife, she said: ‘It makes me happy.’ ‘You know, if I want to put my t*ts on my back, they’re mine.’ When asked about how she manages to stay so glowing and beautiful, Cher reveals that she abides by a healthy lifestyle. Speaking to The Sun in October 2019, she said : ‘I have to work at it. I don’t drink and I have not done drugs. ‘I hate watching TV. I take care of myself and I am a good eater. I never had to worry about a pound until I was 50. I could eat whatever I wanted. But after that, you have to work out.’ Linda Evangalista, 56, has been extremely open about the fact that she underwent fat removal surgery and that she believes it left her ‘permanently deformed’. She’s also opened up about the fact that she had botox. Speaking to Harper’s Bazaar, she said that when she told her mum about what she was doing, her mum wasn’t happy. She said: ‘I was the first person to ever admit that I did botox, and my mum was upset.’ She added: ‘Mum everybody does it,’ and she was like, ‘Yeah but they don’t say it.’ So if I was the first one to tell the truth about using it then, why would I lie about it now?’ Linda has also opened up about undergoing fat removal surgery, which she claims left her ‘permanently disfigured’. In an interview with People magazine, she said she was left ‘brutally disfigured’ by the procedure. ‘I loved being up on the catwalk. Now I dread running into someone I know,’ Linda added. ‘I can’t live like this anymore, in hiding and shame. I just couldn’t live in this pain any longer. I’m willing to finally speak.’ The supermodel claims that within three months of her treatments, she began noticing changes in her body. She says when she noticed the issues, she went to the doctor and asked him, ‘What the hell is that? ‘And he told me no amount of dieting, and no amount of exercise was ever going to fix it,’ she continued. Linda added: ‘I don’t look in the mirror. It doesn’t look like me.’ Veteran rocker Courtney Love has been very open about the procedures she’s undergone in terms of plastic surgery. Speaking about her nose job to Jimmy Kimmel in 2014, the 57-year-old said: ‘Yeah I got my nose fixed.’ She added: ‘In six months, the whole world changed.’ More recently, she’s discussed further procedures. She revealed that at the age of 35, she had a full face lift. She said: ‘Nobody ask me about aging gracefully, please!’ ‘C’mon, I took advice from Goldie Hawn when she said I should get a face lift at 35!’ MORE : Bella Hadid shares regrets after getting nose job at 14, hits back at constant surgery rumours: ‘Let’s just put an end to that’ MORE : Bella Hadid’s parents Yolanda and Mohamed slammed by furious fans for allowing her to have nose job aged just 14 