A sweet Lurcher with a unique look is in desperate need of a new home. Marigold was taken in by the RSPCA in Bath after she was found straying. Her paws were and continue to be quite an eye-catching shade of yellow, but the reason behind her cute little boots is still a mystery. Marigold was given the name Marigold since that shade of yellow bears a pretty close resemblance to kitchen gloves. The Bath branch’s CEO Rachel Jones said: ‘Her paws may have been left yellow due to pesticide or dye after running through farmers’ fields, or it could be as a result of an iodine spray for sore feet. I guess we’ll never know. ‘It is starting to fade now, and we’re sure she’ll be back to her wonderful white colouring soon, but we loved her golden paws so much that we decided to name her Marigold as it looks like she’s got her gloves on for a spring clean.’ The three-year-old is described as a sweet but sensitive girl who is looking for a quiet home. She’ll need patient owners who can give her plenty of time and space, allowing her to settle in at her own pace. Rachel said: ‘As Marigold was a stray we know very little about her, and we don’t believe she’s lived in a home before, so she’ll need owners who can give her time to settle. ‘She can find meeting new people quite scary but eventually builds up the courage to say “hello”. Once she gets to know you and trusts you she enjoys attention. ‘When she first arrived she had no idea what to do with toys, so we don’t think she’s ever had her own before, but she’s learned to love squeakers and really enjoys a good game of fetch. ‘Marigold can be worried by other dogs, so ideally we’d like to find her a home as an only pet, and we feel she’d be best in a home with adults or older children. ‘She can be spooked by other dogs out on walks, so we’d advise keeping her on a lead when out about. However, she’d love a big garden for zoomies and playtime. ‘Marigold is such a sweetheart, and we’re sure she’ll bloom in the right home,’ she added. ‘If you can give her a chance, you’ll be rewarded with a loving companion to share your life with.’ If you think you could give Marigold the right home, get in touch with the Bath team by calling 01225 787331 or emailing rehoming@bcdh.org.uk. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Dogs ‘feel grief and mourn when other pets die’ MORE : All dog wants after 60 hours trapped underground is a belly rub MORE : Inseparable dog best friends who love to be side by side are looking for a home together