Rio Ferdinand says Marcus Rashford ‘doesn’t look happy’ at Manchester United as the England forward considers his future at the club. It was widely reported on Monday that Rashford, 24, was considering his future at Old Trafford due to his lack of game-time this season. Rashford is set to make his 300th United appearance in the coming weeks but has only started nine of the club’s 28 Premier League games this season. He found himself on the bench yet again for Sunday’s Manchester derby against City and failed to make an impact after coming on with half an hour remaining, with Ralf Rangnick’s side slipping to a demoralising 4-1 defeat. Asked about the reports suggesting Rashford could force a move away from Manchester United, Ferdinand told the FIVE YouTube channel. ‘That’s thrown me, I’ve got to be honest. If that’s real, I can’t believe it’s real, I’ve got to be honest. ‘If it’s real, and let’s take it as it is, you can only talk like that when you’re playing well. You can only talk like that when you’re performing and scoring, and Marcus isn’t doing that right now. ‘He hasn’t played well for a while now. He doesn’t look happy at the moment, he doesn’t look happy at United. Tell me if I’m wrong. ‘I watch him and he looks like he’s got the weight of the world on his shoulders. I’ve seen it for weeks, he doesn’t look happy. ‘The Marcus Rashford that came in, that was United, he had energy, spark, quality, aggression, spark, work ethic. ‘Those things aren’t what I’m seeing right now. If he’s brutally honest with himself, he would admit that. ‘I don’t know where this information has come from but I hope it’s not from Marcus’ camp because I’d be embarrassed if it had, because he’s not scoring which is his job and hasn’t been decisive.  ‘The club is in a low ebb and you’re looking at your future. You’ve got to be playing well mate before you talk like that, I’m sorry. ‘He used to be electrifying but I don’t see that energy right now. He doesn’t look happy, man.’ Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid are believed to be interested in signing Rashford, who has scored four goals and made two assists in 24 appearances this season. Defending Premier League champions City outclassed their Manchester rivals in a one-sided contest at the Etihad on Saturday. Braces from Kevin De Bruyne and Riyad Mahrez sealed the emphatic win and United interim manager Rangnick said: ‘I think we played a good first half. Being 2-1 down [at half-time], we could have scored one or two more. ‘We caused them problems in transition and also in possession, but obviously when you concede two in the first half you have to try and equalise and we didn’t. ‘Five minutes after bringing Jesse [Lingard] and Marcus [Rashford] on, we conceded from a fantastic set-piece, which was difficult to defend. ‘From then on, it was almost impossible to come back into the game against the best team in the world. After that third goal, it was a very frustrating game for us. ‘When we were in possession of the ball, we also showed we could create chances but we only scored one and they scored two. ‘We don’t play every weekend against a team like Man City. It’s not a surprise they are top of the league and also a side that regularly play in the Champions League.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 