Eamonn Holmes has been spotted walking with a stick a year after he opened up about his difficult battle with chronic back pain. The 62-year-old presenter has spoken candidly about his health issues after suffering three slipped discs, and he’s stepped out again showing the extent of the problem. The former This Morning star was still all smiles as he attended the Turn The Tables 2022 event at Bafta  Piccadilly in London, all in aid of Cancer Research UK. Eamonn was dressed sharply in a black suit jacket and matching trousers with a patterned tie, while he could be seen with a walking cane in his hand. He was at the event with his fellow GB News Breakfast co-host Isabel Webster, putting his arm around her as they posed together on Monday. She kept things simple in a smart dress, and both stars looked happy to be there. During a special appearance on Loose Women alongside wife Ruth Langsford, Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash in April last year, Eamonn opened up about his health issues, explaining that he suffered ‘three slipped discs’. Speaking to his co-stars at the time, he said: ‘I actually have to come on here with a crutch, that’s the way I am at the moment. I’ve got steroid injections and everything’s okay, and hopefully I’ll be on the mend. ‘Chronic pain, no matter what causes it – it doesn’t discriminate between whether you’re young or old, man or woman or whatever. I couldn’t sleep at night, I just couldn’t sleep. Lying there at night, trying to get to sleep while Ruth was sound asleep beside me. Honestly it was awful.’ Towards the end of 2021, Eamonn admitted his health woes have had an impact on his family as they help him with everyday tasks. He told The Sun: ‘I don’t walk — it’s more of a wobble. It has been very difficult this year. My problem is a trapped sciatic nerve, but I don’t even know quite how it initially happened. ‘For months now I haven’t been able to walk, sometimes at all, and it has really taken its toll on everyone around me too. I can’t bend down to pick things up so Ruth ends up having to wait on me, and I know my sons particularly are a bit embarrassed by the way I move around.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eamonn Holmes makes fresh dig at This Morning while praising GB News job: ‘It’s nice to be appreciated’ MORE : Eamonn Holmes blasts ‘bizarre’ tribute to Phillip Schofield’s 40 year celebration 