A Tory backbencher has defended Will Smith for slapping Chris Rock over a joke about wife Jada Pinkett-Smith at the Oscars. Simon Hoare, MP for North Dorset, insisted the gag was ‘tasteless’, tweeting: ‘If someone thought it was in good taste to make a joke at the expense of a medical condition of my wife then I’d get up and lamp him.’ Rock has been applauded for carrying on with the show despite appearing visibly shaken by Smith’s shock outburst. The actor took offence after the comedian made an apparent dig over his wife’s buzz cut. He told Pinkett-Smith, who has spoken openly about her battle with alopecia: ‘Jada, can’t wait for GI Jane 2.’ Will and Jada: What’s the best way to stand up for your partner if someone’s insulting them? Smith approached the stage before appearing to take a swing at the host. He then shouted: ‘Keep my wife’s name out your f**king mouth’ – leaving people in the auditorium and television audiences across the globe stunned.  The incident has dominated coverage of the annual awards ceremony and divided opinion, with many praising Smith for standing up for his wife. The Fresh Prince star – who won his first Oscar for his lead role in King Richard moments after his altercation with Rock, sobbed as he told how ‘love will make you do crazy things’. However, Mr Hoare faced criticism as Twitter users branded his remarks ‘vile’ and ‘inappropriate’. One person pointed to a previous tweet by the Northern Ireland Select Committee Chairman, which said ‘violence is never an option’. He said: ‘Let us be clear and unambiguous: if the Rule of Law and democracy means anything to you, violence is NEVER and (sic) option. ‘Some arguments you win; some you lose but you accept with good grace. ‘If you don’t why should the other bloke when he loses an argument?’ Others expressed surprise that physical violence would be condoned – especially from a serving MP. Smith was comforted by pal Bradley Cooper after the jaw-dropping spectacle. He was later pictured dancing to his own songs including Gettin’ Jiggy With It alongside his wife and children at an after-party. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.