Will aliens save us from nuclear war? It’s the question no one has asked but one man has answered. UFO expert Nick Pope, who previously worked for the Ministry of Defence, has given his views on whether extraterrestrials would ‘intervene’ if atomic warfare broke out. His comments come as government officials were rumoured to be ‘dusting off some of the Cold War plans from the past’. Vladimir Putin has had Russia’s nuclear force on high alert since the end of February. Nick says there is ‘widespread belief’ within the UFO community that aliens have ‘switched off’ nuclear devices in the past. Some claim that the famous Rendlesham Forest incident of 1980 surrounded alien interference into military weapons. Military personnel at a United States Air Force base in Suffolk had claimed they saw a glowing object, metallic in appearance, and adorned with coloured lights. Small impressions on the ground were reportedly later found alongside burn marks and broken branches. Nick, said: ‘It’s claimed that the UK’s best-known UFO sighting – the Rendlesham Forest incident – involved the shutdown of nukes. ‘Because of the Official Secrets Act, I can neither confirm nor deny that any nuclear weapons were stored at RAF Bentwaters or RAF Woodbridge. ‘But I’m aware of claims, from personnel stationed at the two bases involved in the Rendlesham affair, that light beams from the UFO penetrated the weapons storage area and had an effect on some of the ordnance.’ Nick is often described as the world’s ‘real Fox Mulder’ in relation to his UFO knowledge. But he says that any proof of aliens ‘switching off’ nuclear devices would be hidden behind layers of government secrecy. The UFO expert also said it’s unlikely to expect aliens to step in if nuclear warfare breaks out. He added: ‘I’m afraid it’s just wishful thinking. ‘Even if we’re being observed by benign extraterrestrials, they didn’t intervene to stop atomic bombs being dropped on Hiroshima or Nagasaki, so there’s no reason to suppose they’d intervene to stop a nuclear war now. ‘Frankly, it’s a spiritual belief that reminds me of religion, with its central premise of salvation from above. ‘It’s an abrogation of responsibility: no gods or aliens are going to step in and prevent nuclear war – it’s down to us.’ Last year, the US government released a public intelligence report saying there are things in the sky it just can’t explain. But the British government said it had no plans to disclose what it knows about possible UFO recordings. The government has previously been said that the ‘MoD deals with actual threats substantiated by evidence.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.