Bubblegum, rosebud, cherry blossom, flamingo and Barbie shades can all be quite jarring. Pink is the colour most of us first dabble in when we play with makeup. It’s a gateway shade and it’s so closely tied to notions of girls, youth and femininity. Within that context, as we mature, pink can feel more ‘girly’ and less sophisticated – even though, generations ago, pink was favoured by boys as it was seen to be a strong colour, being close to red, while blue was ‘soft’ and for girls. Wearing some variety of the colour, especially if you’re trying to be taken seriously, can feel like a harking back to childhood. The rise of millennial pink – from Glossier to Tumblr pages – changed this somewhat, and made that particular tone cool once again. Pink has had its renaissances over the years. Even so, we could probably do with a rethink of the colour pink and what it means when we wear it in our makeup – across the spectrum, from fuchsia to dusty mauve. Spring, when makeup trends move towards being fresher, is the perfect time to do it. Dominic Skinner, global senior artist at MAC Cosmetics, tells us that each tone of pink communicates differently. ‘Pink is more than a colour, it’s also a hint and hue which means it comes in so many different ways,’ he says. ‘There are deep raspberry “power hungry” pinks to soft salmon “romance me” pinks.’ He believes there are multiple tones that suit everyone, explaining: ‘Most people think that pink is created by mixing red and white together. ‘However, pink also has a dash of blue thrown in. This gives pink the unique ability to be adaptable to different skin tones. ‘If you have a warmer skin tone then using a shade of pink with less blue, so in the salmon or coral family, will compliment and harmonise. ‘If you have a cooler undertone then wearing a shade of pink with a hint more blue with work with you skin tone. ‘Now if you want your lip shade to really pop then just use a tone of pink that is the opposite of your skin tone as with will create contrast and make a real statement.’ Fleshy pinks, which have less blue in them, are having a moment – just look at the recent sunburn blusher trend. These tones can look like a natural enhancement of existing colours in the skin, making them beautifying yet unobtrusive. As for the other colours you use to go with pink, you can stick with pink for a monochromatic look, go with orange for a loud finish, and plum for something subtler. ‘However, if you are unsure or don’t feel comfortable wearing to many colours,’ Dominic adds, ‘a strong black liner or tons of black mascara is always a winning pair.’ It depends on what you’re trying to embody. He says: ‘Pink really is a mood shifter shade. ‘It can help you enhance the story of the day you want to have. ‘It’s youthful and fresh, flirty and fun, it’s romantic and passionate, it’s seductive and powerful. ‘Adding a pop of pink to your look can really help you get into the right frame of mind to own everything. ‘It’s also synonymous with spring, rebirth, new awakenings – there can be a “who cares” and a “who dares wins” attitude to it. ‘These are all the best traits of youth and traits I feel we should hold on to all through life.’ It doesn’t have to feel girly and coy – you can add new meaning to pink simply by channeling a certain mood. Whether we like it or not, pink is the first colour we associate with girls and women. Feeling some resistance to slapping the shade on our faces is therefore normal. Colour theory expert and author of The Secret Lives of Colour, Kassia St Clair, explains that psychologically, this impacts how comfortable we are in wearing it – especially when going for an unashamedly bold pink shade. She says: ‘Today, I think shades of pink most immediately conjure up things related to gender, specifically women: Breast Cancer awareness ribbons, products like trainers, razors or pens specifically marketed at women and girls. ‘Depending on your point of view, your political beliefs and your generation, this may be more or less positive. ‘Lots of parents of little girls and a fair few female consumers get annoyed by the “pink tax” and there’s also the ‘PinkStinks’ campaign.’ She adds: ‘For children of the 80s, 90s and early 00s, if you were a girl you often grew up in pink overload, so those in their teens and 20s react against that. ‘I like comparing this reaction to hearing a great song too often on the radio, so that after a while you begin to loathe it. ‘That’s definitely how I felt, although in my 30s I’ve come back round to pinks. ‘I think there’s an added dimension with pink, however, in that it can also symbolise for some the limitations and expectations placed on women by society – things like being sweet, compliant, pretty and so on. ‘Some people are able to rub along with pink regardless, but for others it’s a greater irritant, particularly in the wake of MeToo and against a backdrop of violence against women.’ Subconsciously, this can all affect how we feel about the colours we wear, sucking the joy out of playful pink. Reception to the colour has shifted in the context of wearing it, however, be it on our nails, eyes, cheeks or lips, as well as our fashion choices. Kassia says: ‘In the last few years, particularly after the surge in popularity for Millennial Pink around 2016-2017, pinks have been carving out a niche for themselves in design. ‘Anecdotally, lots of people are more open to decorating their rooms pink and I’d be very surprised if paint companies hadn’t seen an increase in pink paint sales.’ She believes that today, blue-based pinks feel less contemporary and more ‘Barbie-girl’ than yellow-based ones. ‘I also think people are preferring pinks that aren’t too saturated, which have a fair amount of grey and white in them,’ she adds. This perhaps is a more palatable way to step into wear the colour. Ready to go pink? These are our top picks. Get it for £18.50 from MAC Cosmetics. MAC recently refreshed their pink lipstick offering, adding new shades in a variety of finishes. This punchy, unapologetically pink tone is perfect for the warmer months, when bold pops of colour play nicely against an otherwise stripped back makeup look. Get it for £46 from March 15. Nars’ new limited edition summer cheek palette comes with three pink shades – one dusky and light, one mid toned and slightly coral, another that edges on a lotus colour. The highlighter also leans more soft baby pink than it appears in the image above, giving you freedom to mix pink tones with other complementary shades – taking looks from subtle to daring. Deeper skin tones will enjoy this too, as the shades show up a little deeper than they look above and are very pigmented. Fairer skins will only need the lightest touch for a gentle blush. Get it for £29 from Ciate London. You don’t have to go bright – pinky wine tones look great on eyes, and can complement neutral champagne shades. This Ciate palette offers exactly that, and will pair well against dusky pink tones. Get it for £34 from Sisley. Get more comfortable with pink by using a sheer washed out tone, like this new offering from Sisley. It gives high shine and can be layered on for more pigment, or blotted back for a neutral pink. Get it for £41 from House of Fraser. Roen’s eyeshadow palettes are an incredibly unique formula – they don’t play well with brushes and need a finger to warm up the product. However, they give shine and sparkle like no other. The 11:11 palette has an amber pink, pale baby pink, and purple-pink – along with a slate grey to complement. Get it for £22 from Nails Inc. Wear softer shades of pink on your nails, from blossom pink to lavender. Wear one at a time or mix them up for an on-trend mismatched look. Get it for £6.50 from Beauty Bay. This cake liner needs to be activated with water to create a bold line – simply spray and dip a brush in. Wear one shade draped across your top lash line, or combine both for an ombre effect. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to know if the copper hair trend is for you MORE : We tested out a full face of Rare Beauty – here are our honest thoughts MORE : Boots brings back iconic budget beauty line 17