Ralf Schumacher has condemned the decision to go ahead with Saudi Arabia Grand Prix amid security concerns following a missile attack in Jeddah on Friday. On Saturday it was confirmed that the race would go ahead as planned following lengthy meetings between Formula One’s key decision makers, the drivers and their teams. The decision to race was taken less than 24 hours after a missile attack on an oil facility located less than 10 miles from the track. Smoke was still clearly visible from the scene of the explosion as the likes of Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen turned up for pre-qualifying this morning, but the sport’s governing body confirmed that the event had been given the green light. An F1 statement said: ‘Following the widely reported incident that took place in Jeddah on Friday, there has been extensive discussion between all stakeholders, the Saudi government authorities and security agencies, who have given full and detailed assurances that the event is secure. ‘It has been agreed with all stakeholders to maintain a clear and open dialogue throughout the event and for the future.’ Not all the drivers were said to be happy with the decision, while former F1 star and Sky Sports Germany presenter Ralf Schumacher struggled to comprehend how the organisers had come to their verdict. Schumacher, who has reportedly left the country along with a number of his German media colleagues said: ‘It’s only 20 kilometres away. You don’t really feel good there. ‘I’m really surprised what we still doing here. You should pack up as soon as possible and leave a country like that.’ He added: ‘First of all, I have to make it clear that I am an expert on Formula 1 and not on insurance stories or business. I think the pressure on Formula 1 is enormous. ‘There is a very, very large amount of money being paid and there is a long-term contract. ‘Now the discussion is that the Saudi government is saying that they will ensure that it is safe. That means F1 cannot just pull the ripcord. ‘I think that’s the problem,” Schumacher added. “I have a clear opinion on it and I’ve made my decision. But of course everyone has to do it for themselves.’ MORE : F1 confirm Saudi Arabian Grand Prix will go ahead despite nearby ‘terror attack’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 