Chelsea’s bank account has reportedly been temporarily suspended by Barclays bank following owner Roman Abramovich being sanctioned by the UK government. Chelsea are in financial turmoil at present after the UK government froze the Russian owner’s assets amid his alleged links to Russian president Vladimir Putin, who ordered the invasion of Ukraine last month. As a result the west London club have been banned from transactions with UK individuals and businesses, but have been given special licence to continue to operate. Sky Sports now claim Barclays have suspended the club’s account while it assesses the license Chelsea have been given to continue football-related activities. The Blues are said to be hopeful the suspension will be lifted shortly. Under the special license, the Blues are still able to fulfil fixtures while staff will continue to be paid and existing ticket holders allowed to attend matches. However, there are huge limitations on what money can be spent on and how it can be spent, meaning they can no longer sell new tickets, nor can they buy or sell players. The club shop has also had to close its doors. According to The Athletic, the latest move of Chelsea’s company credit cards being temporarily suspended means they have been unable to buy fuel for the team bus. The license limits how much can be spent on travel with Chelsea permitted to spend ‘reasonable costs of travel to and from fixtures’ and each trip cannot exceed ‘£20,000 per game per team.’ Chelsea are next in action at home to Newcastle on Sunday before an away trip to Lille in the Champions League next week. However, Chelsea will not have to change the itinerary for their trip to France as it has already been paid for. MORE : MP urges Chelsea fans to stop singing Roman Abramovich chants MORE : Arsenal legend Martin Keown tells Chelsea fans to ‘grow up’ after ‘disgraceful’ Roman Abramovich chants For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 