Charles Leclerc won the first race of the 2022 Formula 1 season for Ferrari after coming out on trop in a thrilling battle with Max Verstappen in Bahrain. The Monegasque started on pole and showed great speed and composure throughout the race at Sakhir to take just the third victory of his career as F1 entered a new era with totally revamped cars. Reigning champion Verstappen suffered a devastating engine failure on the penultimate lap, meaning Leclerc’s team-mate Carlos Sainz finished second while Lewis Hamilton took third. Here is how all 20 drivers performed in Bahrain. 1 Charles Leclerc — Ferrari —  8/10 Picked his moments expertly when tussling with Verstappen in a sensational battle for the lead after the first round of pit stops, which combined with his evident natural pace delivered a thoroughly well deserved victory. A serious contender for the drivers’ championship this year. 2 Carlos Sainz — Ferrari —  7/10 A strong result on the first day of the new season but will be disappointed to have finished so far behind his team-mate, who seems to have a better handle on the F1-75 as things stand. More to come from him. 3 Lewis Hamilton — Mercedes —  7/10 Started well and passed Perez for fourth-place but simply couldn’t match the Red Bulls’ pace once the Mexican had caught back up. Struggled on the hard tyres in his second stint but capitalised on Red Bull’s woes to take an unexpected podium and will be very pleased with that result. 4 George Russell — Mercedes —  6/10 Similar story to Hamilton but with the added interest of a few overtakes at the start after qualifying lower down the order than he should have done. Mercedes will be delighted with third and fourth considering their lack of pace. 5 Kevin Magnussen — Haas —  8/10 Made up places off the start with an excellent launch but didn’t quite have his eye in at Turn 1 and locked up multiple times, dropping down the order a little early doors. Maintained strong pace from there and delivered an excellent result considering he wasn’t even expecting to be involved here a fortnight ago. Haas should be delighted. 6 Valtteri Bottas — Alfa Romeo — 6/10 Performed excellently in qualifying but the atrocious starts which blighted his later career at Mercedes cost him dearly again as he dropped eight positions off the line. Improved from there and delivered consistent laptimes to still take some solid points. 7 Esteban Ocon — Alpine —  6/10 Seemed to have marginally faster pace than team-mate Alonso for most of the race, but had little to do otherwise in a race where both Alpines were plenty faster than those behind but unable to challenge those ahead. 8 Yuki Tsunoda — Alpha Tauri —  7/10 Will have been disappointed with his starting position after a mediocre qualifying but showed strong pace and made composed overtakes in the early laps, and showed a level of composure he lacked in his rookie year. 9 Fernando Alonso — Alpine —  5/10 A touch slower than Ocon all night long and looked less comfortable through the corners. Will be disappointed to have fallen behind his team-mate, but double points is a big positive. 10 Guanyu Zhou — Alfa Romeo —  7/10 For a debutant this was an assured, confident display which included some impressive overtakes on the likes of Schumacher and Norris. A great platform for F1’s first full-time Chinese driver to build on. 11 Mick Schumacher — Haas —  5/10 Was tagged by Esteban Ocon on lap one but caught the spin excellently to carry on untroubled. Couldn’t find the same consistent pace in the Haas which Magnussen was able to harness. 12 Alex Albon — Williams —  6/10 Started brilliantly, running as high as eleventh at one point in a car which is unquestionably the slowest at this stage of the season. Faded from there but could do very little about it. 13 Lance Stroll — Aston Martin —  5/10 A very quiet evening’s work for Stroll, who moved up the order compared to his starting position, but has mainly has the toiling Williams and McLaren teams to thank for that. 14 Daniel Ricciardo — McLaren — 3/10 Suffered a terrible start to 2022 after contracting Covid-19 caused him to miss the second pre-season test, and things failed to improve here as a distinctly mediocre car meant he was mired with the backmarkers all race long. 15 Lando Norris — McLaren —  3/10 An atrocious day for McLaren overall, with their car so much slower than the majority of their rivals and an incomprehensible choice to start on medium tyres meaning they dropped right to the back for the entirety of the race. Norris did his best but couldn’t prevent a very poor final result. 16 Nicholas Latifi — Williams —  5/10 Started last, drove around a bit. It is what it is. 17 Nico Hulkenberg — Aston Martin —  6/10 Lost out to his team-mate after locking up into Turn 1 while trying to overtake Schumacher, but as a last minute stand-in for the Covid-stricken Sebastian Vettel can be very pleased with his laptimes and the data he will have provided to the team. DNF Sergio Perez — Red Bull —  6/10 Slipped down the order at the start but regained his composure to cut his way back through the field. Lost it all on the last lap when his engine failed and car spun under pressure from Hamilton on the last lap. DNF Max Verstappen — Red Bull —  6/10 Made Leclerc work hard for his win but simply couldn’t match the Monegasque’s race pace. Could have managed his attempts at taking the lead more smartly to prevent the Leclerc resurgences, and a loss of power at the end of the race cost him second and even any points all. DNF Pierre Gasly — Alpha Tauri —  7/10 Drove a typically fast but understated race which saw him improve on his starting position, and was set to deliver strong points for Alpha Tauri before a fire prevented him from finishing the race. Drive to Survive: How F1 and Netflix are blurring the lines between sport and soap opera For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 