Self-care is super important, but it’s easy to get too caught up in day to day life to prioritise yourself. From taking care of your skin to making sure you have time for a little R&R, a wellness treat is sometimes very much needed. This week’s Fit List is filled with new launches and favourites that will help you give yourself the attention you need, from spiritual skincare to relaxing hotel stays. Plus there’s wellness tech in the form of a smart sports bra and a new wonder product for dry scalps. Read on for our top picks of activewear, skincare and fitness products. Need a bit of R&R? Argos and Pinterest have joined forces to launch The Argos Mood Hotel. Rooms have been curated using emerging trends from Pinterest Predicts and interior products from Argos. There are six suites available with five being allocated for complimentary overnight stays from April 2-4. To apply visit The Mood Hotel website. Weather playing havoc with your skin? Try hyper-dermabrasion treatment HydraFacial. The treatment has been given a new lease of life thanks to three new Murad Vitamin C boosters. The vortex device will brighten and even skin tone. Buy for £130 from Hydra Facial. The new DermaX Pro Scalp Care line from Head & Shoulders is a game-changer for dry scalps. The four ranges are enriched with ingredients like active aloe, cactus extract, coconut and vitamin E to boost different skin issues, alongside the brand’s active anti-dandruff ingredient (piroctone olamine) to remove flakes. Buy from £4 from Boots. Saalt Wear is a range of leak-proof underwear that absorbs up to three regular tampons. Made from 55% recycled water bottles, they come in three styles: Lace Hipster, Mesh Hipster and High Waist. Buy from £32 from Saalt. Welcome the arrival of spring by booking in to try a new physical activity. Activitygift has over 50,000 attractions worldwide and for every gift purchased, a tree is planted though their partnership with Eden Reforestation Project. There’s everything from paddle boarding in Oxford to ziplining in Croatia and kayaking in Andorra. Buy from £25 from Activitygift. Organic skincare brand Zephorium creates products infused with ethically sourced crystals. Each collection is aligned with a chakra to link mental and physical wellbeing. The new Vitamin A Holistic Crystal Skincare (aligned with the sacral chakra) is high in vitamin A and antioxidants to hydrate, soothe and rejuvenate. Buy from £20 from Zephorium. Upgrade your sheet mask with a Perricone MD Cold Plasma Plus+ Concentrated Treatment. Key ingredients include vitamin C to super-charge brightening and copper tripeptide to refresh, rejuvenate and repair. Buy a Single Sheet Mask for £18 from Perricone MD (from March 29). Wearable tech brand Prevayl has unveiled its Performance Wear collection which boasts this medium impact sports bra. It has SmartWear fitness tracking technology integrated into the chest strap which captures and records your biometric readings during a workout. Buy starter kit for £220 (includes bra, sensor and app access) from Prevayl. We’re very excited at the arrival of the new pastel shades from Pocket Sport. The teal, grape and ultraviolet colours in the Claude shorts (boasts an anti-slip rubber gripper in the waistband) and bra (has anti-sweat patch technology) are sure to tempt your spring palette. Buy from £38 from Pocket Sport. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The 20-minute workout: Try the 100-10 full body workout MORE : Why barre is such an effective workout – plus beginner moves to try MORE : Long Covid and exercise: Will I ever get back to full fitness?