The mum of missing chef Claudia Lawrence has vowed to never give up hope of finding her daughter on the 13th anniversary of her disappearance. Detectives, believe Ms Lawrence was murdered, although no body has ever been discovered. The 35-year-old, who worked at York University and lived in the Hemsworth area of the city, was last seen on March 18, 2009. Her mum, Joan Lawrence, said this morning: ‘I can’t believe it’s 13 years. It shouldn’t be. ‘We really should have had had answers before now,’ she told BBC Radio York. North Yorkshire Police has questioned nine people over Ms Lawrence’s disappearance and suspected murder after she failed to turn up for work, but no one has ever been charged. Police sent specialist teams to search Sand Hutton gravel pits, about eight miles outside York, in August last year. Sadly ‘nothing of obvious significance’ was found – dashing the family’s hopes of learning the truth and prolonging their agony. Mrs Lawrence said: ‘It’s the not knowing. ‘Despite the fact she was 35, she is my child. ‘You can’t say goodbye, you don’t know whether she’s dead, you don’t know if she’s alive, you don’t know where she is, you don’t know what’s happened to her, there’s no grave. ‘It’s still pretty awful, it really is.’ But she is determined to ‘never give up on hope’. ‘If you give up on hope, you might as well give up altogether,’ Mrs Lawrence said. Now the grieving mum is trying to solve the mystery for herself and is reviewing what happened ‘with a fine-toothed comb’ for ‘simple things that have been missed’. Tragically, the majority of unsolved murders across the UK ‘involve female victims’, Metro.co.uk exclusively revealed. Ms Lawrence’s dad, Peter, died aged 74 in February last year without finding out what happened to his daughter. He spent years campaigning for what became the Guardianship (Missing Persons) Bill – also known as Claudia’s Law – which allows relatives to take control of their missing loved ones’ financial matters. The family said of Mr Lawrence in a statement: ‘He was a very private person thrust into the full glare of the media and, despite a tireless campaign to find her, he also selflessly devoted himself to helping others with missing relatives.’ Detective Superintendent Wayne Fox, who took over as senior investigating officer last year, reiterated that several people may know or have suspicions about what happened to Ms Lawrence. Anyone who can help is urged to get in touch with the force by calling 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.