Drag Race UK Vs The World came to an end tonight, with Blu Hydrangea crowned the winner of its first-ever season. The four finalists on BBC Three’s international extravaganza, Jujubee, Blu Hydrangea, Mo Heart and Baga Chipz, went up against each other in the ultimate lip sync smackdown to win the crown. In the initial battles, Mo chose to take on Baga, with the pair tasked with performing along to Jessie J’s Domino and Mo ultimately emerging victorious. Blu and Jujubee then took on Duran Duran’s The Reflex, with Blu shocked to defeat slick performer Jujubee. Mo and Blu then went head to head with a lip sync to Kylie Minogue’s Supernova, and a delighted Blu was crowned the queen of the mothertucking world by RuPaul. The delighted winner, on recieving her crown, gleefully yelled: ‘Northern Ireland, I’m taking the crown home, home, home!’ The eliminated queens were also in attendance, watching as the final four took to the stage in front of judges RuPaul, Michelle Visage and Graham Norton in their last chance to snag the title. In front of Canada’s Lemon, Cheryl Hole from the UK, second Canadian queen Jimbo, Thailand’s Pangina Heals and Holland’s Janey Jacké, the four remaining contestants also took part in a runway. Baga opted to channel Hollywood icon Elizabeth Taylor, while Blu was true to her name in a blue frilled number featuring doves and a message of peace. Meanwhile, Jujubee stunned in a red sparkly peplum gown and Mo went futuristic in a bright orange dress with metallic corset, that gave judge Graham Mad Max vibes. The finalists were also surprised ahead of the last challenge with some very starry special messages, courtesy of Sir Elton John and Naomi Campbell among others. After judge Alan Carr apologised for his absence and wished the queens luck, actor Billy Porter then showed up on screen, as Mo – who impersonated the Pose star in Snatch Game – mouthed ‘wow’ in wonder. ‘Mama Ru, and you amazing queens. I wanted to wish good luck to all of you finalists. And if you want to win the smackdown, you need to pooose darling! Take a little pose,’ Billy said. Naomi Campbell then popped up, blowing kisses to the queens as she told them: ‘You are the top queens in the world, and I hope you do your country so so proud. I’ll be watching you! Yay!’ However, the best was saved for last as music legend Sir Elton then appeared, delivering the rules for the final lip syncs via video message to the stunned queens. ‘Good luck and don’t go breaking my heart,’ was the singer’s spin on Ru’s famous catchphrase. It clearly worked wonders for Blu, who Graham had earlier described as a ‘sweet, potty-mouthed girl’, with Ru adding: It’s so wonderful to see our little girl grow up.’ Drag Race UK Vs The World is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Drag Race UK Vs The World star Jujubee addresses ‘favouritism’ claims ahead of grand finale on BBC Three MORE : RuPaul’s Drag Race fans throw support behind Willow Pill after they come out as trans 