Grant Shapps has said he is taking in a family of Ukrainian refugees fleeing the crisis in their home country. The Transport Secretary told Sky News: ‘I’m in touch, as I say, with my opposite number and also with the Ukrainian family who are coming to live with us in our home, and so I’m hearing about it direct on the ground. ‘They are incredibly grateful to the British people for everything that we are doing.’ Shapps will soon host three generations of a family from Kyiv — a six-year-old boy, his mum, his 75-year-old grandmother and their dog, Max, the Times reports. After tweeting that he would be signing up to the UK’s Homes for Ukraine scheme, Shapps said he received several messages from Ukrainian families wanting to come to Britain. He says he then chose the best match and invited them to come and stay with him. Downing Street has ruled out Boris Johnson sheltering Ukrainians at Number 10, while other ministers have been a bit sheepish when asked if they’ll pitch in. On Monday last week, Shapps tweeted: ‘We’ve spent the past few weeks as a family discussing the devastating situation in Ukraine, and so we intend to apply today to join other UK households in offering our home to provide refuge to Ukrainians until it is safe for them to return to their country.’ The Transport Secretary lives in Hertfordshire with his wife Belinda. They have three children, a son Hadley and twins Tabytha and Noa. The Homes for Ukraine Scheme allows Brits to sponsor Ukrainian refugees by letting them stay at their home or another property they own. It is not known how many people from the war-torn country have signed up, but the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities is due to publish its figures next week. The scheme has been criticised for not working quickly enough to grant visas to people fleeing for their safety. Meanwhile a number of other countries are offering visa-free passage to refugees from Ukraine. Ruth McMenamin, 34, from Bristol, has left her home for Poland to support refugees in the eastern European country. She told ITV News: ‘They’ve just fled a war-torn country, it’s taken them three to four days to get here and then we’re saying “oh can you just wait until we get a bit of admin done?”. ‘It’s just not good enough.Every other country in Europe seems to have managed it and seems to be dealing with this in a much more human way.’ More than 150,000 people in Britain registered their interest in becoming a host, but applying is just the first step of the process. Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine has resulted in the biggest exodus of people from a European country since World War II. According to the United Nations, around 3.7million people have fled the country, with no signs of the crisis dying down. Among those are 1.5million children. Nearly 60% of refugees have been taking in by Poland. Over 400,000 have gone to Romania, 300,000 to Moldova, almost 300,000 to Hungary, and 220,000 to Slovakia. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.