Jailed British-Iranian Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe has been given her British passport back, as hopes again grow for her release. The aid worker’s lawyer said on Tuesday that he was hopeful of good news shortly, amid reports of talks between Tehran and London about a long-standing £400 million debt that the UK owes. Nazanin, a mum and project manager for the Thomson Reuters Foundation, was arrested at a Tehran airport in April 2016 as she prepared to fly back to the UK, having taken her daughter Gabriella – then not even two years old – to see relatives. She was later convicted of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment, but has always denied the charges against her. On Tuesday morning, her local MP Tulip Siddiq said a British negotiating team was in the Iranian capital. The Hampstead and Kilburn Labour representative tweeted: ‘I am very pleased to say that Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe has been given her British passport back.’ She continued: ‘(Nazanin) is still at her family home in Tehran. ‘I also understand that there is a British negotiating team in Tehran right now.’ Nazanin’s husband and daughter have faced years of uncertainty and had their hopes dashed on multiple occasions while campaigning for her release. And when asked whether Nazanin will be released, lawyer Hojjat Kermani said: ‘I am hopeful that we will have good news soon.’ But there have been a series of hopes for her release dashed previously – leading to caution about whether the latest update could be another false dawn. Her husband, Richard Ratcliffe, spent 21 days on hunger strike last year in London to draw attention to his wife’s ongoing case. The family and the Reuters foundation, a charity that operates independently of Thomson Reuters, had denied the charges against her, with international rights groups also condemning her treatment. Sacha Deshmukh, Amnesty International UK’s chief executive, warned that the latest reports should be treated with caution as there had been ‘false dawn after false dawn’ in the long-running process. He said: ‘We sincerely hope these reports are correct. ‘The detainees and their families have been suffering for years, and a resolution can’t come quickly enough. ‘It’s been clear for a long time that the Iranian authorities have been targeting foreign nationals with spurious national security-related charges to exert diplomatic pressure.’ The unpaid UK debt dispute relates to a cancelled order for 1,500 Chieftain tanks dating back to the 1970s. In December, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said the £400 million that Britain owes Iran is a ‘legitimate debt’ that the Government wants to pay. It has long been linked to the continued detention of Nazanin and other UK-Iranian dual nationals held in the country. She was accused of plotting to overthrow the Iranian government and sentenced to five years in jail, spending four years in Tehran’s Evin Prison and one under house arrest. In January, the daughter of another British-Iranian detained in Iran said her father was to begin a hunger strike due to a lack of progress in securing his release. Retired civil engineer Anoosheh Ashoori has been held at Evin Prison on charges of spying for Israel, which he denies, for more than four years. Downing Street said it could not comment on the reports or suggestions that a UK team was in Tehran. The Prime Minister’s official spokesman said: ‘We have long called for the release of unfairly detained British nationals in Iran. ‘We have been working intensively to secure their release but I am not able to comment any further on the speculation I have seen this morning.’ The No 10 official, asked about progress on the UK paying back the debt, said: ‘There is no change on our position to that. ‘We are committed to paying the debt. We’re exploring options to resolve it – it has not been resolved.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Claims UK will pay £400,000,000 to free Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe ‘inaccurate’