A sunken medieval town dubbed ‘Yorkshire’s Atlantis’ is on the cusp of being discovered after 650 years under water. Ravenser Odd was a prosperous port town built on sandbanks at the mouth of the Humber estuary before it was abandoned and later submerged by a storm in 1362. But one scientist believes the fabled market town, which has lain dormant on the bed of the Humber ever since, could finally be located. Daniel Parsons, a professor in sedimentology at the University of Hull, made it his mission to track down Ravenser Odd after local lobster vessels discovered evidence of it remnants on the seabed. Parsons, a geoscientist who uses high-resolution sonar systems to track how sediments move around, believed he could use this equipment to find the lost Atlantis. He raised money for a research project which resulted in a survey of an area off  Spurn Point.  It didn’t locate Ravenser Odd, but Parsons believes he was close. A second survey will take place in two to three weeks’ time, and the scientist has high hopes for discovering it. ‘We think we were a little bit too far to the east,’ he told The Guardian.  ‘Given the stories we’ve had from the folks on the lobster vessels, I’m pretty confident we will find something.’ If his hunch proves to be true, Parsons hopes money could be raised for an excavation of the site in order to piece together its forgotten history. Ravenser Odd was founded around 1235, with its name stemming from the Old Norse hrafn’s eyr (raven’s tongue). By1299, the town rose to national importance and was granted a borough charter. At this point it had over 100 houses and a bustling dockside market as well as  being home to wharves, warehouses, a court, a prison, a seawall and harbour. It had two members of parliament and collected dues from more than 100 merchant ships a year. ‘Those things aren’t easily washed away,’ said Parsons. ‘Having looked at historic sites and places that have been lost in a similar way, such as in the Bay of Naples, what you tend to find is that the foundations of these settlements are still there.’ The town fell into decline after the sandbanks on which its foundations were set shifted as a result of coastal erosion. By the middle of the 14th century, Ravenser Odd was swept away. During the winter of 1356–57, northern Europe was battered by a storm, known as the Grote Mandrenke, which destroyed the town and submerged it into the depths of the North Sea. Parsons hopes discovering its remains, and shining a light on its story, could help us better understand the coastal erosion threat faced by communities today. He said: ‘Ravenser Odd is an incredibly evocative story of the impacts of coastal change on entire settlements. ‘I think it is a fantastic way to start conversations with people on the impacts of climate change long in to the future by using these stories from the past.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.