Jamie Redknapp singled out Chelsea loanee Conor Gallagher for praise after England began their preparations for the World Cup with a 2-1 victory over Switzerland in a friendly at Wembley. Goals from Luke Shaw and Harry Kane secured the win for England after Breel Embolo gave the visitors the lead midway through the first half. Gareth Southgate gave debuts to Marc Guehi, Kyle Walker-Peters and Tyrick Mitchell as he finalises his plans ahead of the World Cup which takes place in Qatar later in the year. Chelsea midfielder Gallagher, currently on loan at Crystal Palace, also made his full England debut and largely impressed, creating the assist for Shaw’s equaliser and proving a constant threat before his second-half substitution. ‘We were talking about Conor Gallagher before the game and wondering if he could step up to this level. He looked at home tonight,’ former England star Redknapp told Sky Sports. ‘He looked really good with his energy and that assist. His star has gone up today. He showed he could play at this level. ‘He will be a proud boy in the dressing room. I thought he did himself no harm. He’s given Gareth Southgate a lovely problem and I was very impressed with him.’ Ex-Chelsea and England midfielder Karen Carney added: ‘Gallagher reads situations so well, he was brilliant tonight and I thought he was England’s best player.’ Kane’s second-half penalty not only secured England’s victory, but also saw the Tottenham striker move level with Sir Bobby Charlton on 49 England goals. Kane, who is now just four goals behind England’s record marksman Wayne Rooney, said: ‘It was a tough game. It’s a big year ahead and it’s a chance for us to try some different formations. ‘I felt it was a good performance but there was room to improve. Overall, it was a good way to start the year.’ On joining Sir Bobby Charlton on 49 England goals, Kane added: ‘I always say it’s amazing company and I’m proud to be with those names. ‘It’s a big year ahead, with a few more caps and hopefully a few more goals and let’s see where that takes us.’ Fellow England goalscorer Shaw, meanwhile, said: ‘It’s always important to feel like you’re wanted and I think especially here I always feel that. ‘I’m not saying I don’t at Manchester United but here, the way things are, I feel wanted and I enjoy my football. And I think a big part of football is the enjoyment. ‘Of course it’s hard to enjoy when we’re losing and we’re not playing well at club level and we have to face that. ‘This season it’s not been good enough at all so it’s hard to enjoy. We know we’ve got a lot to improve at the club but obviously right now we’re here with England so I’m focusing on that.’ England face Ivory Coast in another friendly at Wembley on Tuesday night. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 