Last week we put out thoughts and prayers for the man with no meat in his Greggs pasty – this week it is Teesside McDonald’s lovers. Customers of the fast food chain there are sadly suffering shortages due to ongoing supply issues. But no, not of fries, McFlurry’s or chicken – but of tomatoes. A key ingredient of a burger, you may argue – it’s a difficult time for Teesside. A sign was on the doors of the branches in Teesside Park and Portrack Lane in Stockton declaring the worrying issue. A spokesperson from McDonald’s said: ‘We are currently experiencing a shortage in our supply of tomatoes. ‘As a result, the Big Tasty and the Big Tasty with bacon will have one slice of tomato rather than the usual two. ‘We apologise for any inconvenience, and thank our customers for their patience. We are working hard to resolve this issue as quickly as possible.’ But aside from this the full menu seems to be running as normal for now, so customers are still able to treat themselves to a meal. Phew. Tomatoes are not the only thing McDonald’s fans have struggled to get their hands on lately – the chain was forced to take its new chicken Big Mac off the menu after it sold out in just 10 days last month. And in Russia, people can’t get a Maccie’s at all, after it was announced earlier this month that all locations would temporarily shut in the country. The CEO of McDonald’s said closing the stores is the right thing to do due to the ‘needless human suffering in Ukraine’. There were huge queues as people flocked to get a final bite of their favourite meals from a McDonald’s in Moscow. One person filled their whole fridge with burgers in fear of not getting their fix, and another man chained himself to a branch to try and stop it from closing. But fast food lovers can fear not as a new restaurant is set to launch in Russia – with a logo strikingly similar to its famous American predecessor. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.