We’ve all got a bit of peach fuzz. It’s a natural part of the human face. However, in a world that is constantly searching for the next beauty treatment, and the next way of making ourselves look more ‘flawless’, dermaplaning has become one of many highly-hyped new skincare techniques. An exfoliating treatment that involves gently scraping the surface of your skin with a surgical scalpel, it’s a way of brightening up your skin, getting rid of those pesky baby hairs, and creating a better base for your makeup. However, Molly-Mae Hague has recently cast some questions over it, sharing that she regrets getting dermaplaning and that she now basically has a ‘full beard’. Talking to her followers in a recent YouTube video she discusses her ‘battle’ with the beauty treatment. She said: ‘I got into the habit of dermaplaning, and my peach fuzz just grows back at rapid levels now. ‘It was meant to prevent it from growing back, or growing back less, but like with any hair removal, like when you shave your legs… it means that you always have to shave them. ‘Once you start you can’t really stop.’ As someone who has tried DIY dermaplaning my own face, and absolutely did notice the ever-so-slightly-stubbly feeling of the hair growing back, I was intrigued to find out whether Molly-Mae’s claims are true. The first thing to say is that, generally, do-it-yourself dermaplaning is not recommended. ‘As the treatments can be costly, many people turn to dermaplaning at home,’ Mehmet Göker, dermatology specialist at Vera Clinic tells Metro.co.uk. ‘This is typically not advised as this can increase your risk of irritation, scratches, and cuts on the face. ‘I would recommend seeking professional treatment to receive the best results.’ And, suffice to say, the blade can be incredibly sharp. Ok, good to know. But let’s backtrack slightly. ‘Dermaplaning is an aesthetic treatment that exfoliates your skin and removes vellus hair, also known as peach fuzz,’ explains Dr Najia Shaikh, doctor and founder of Harley Street’s One Skin Clinic. ‘You use a scalpel/tool called a dermatome, and you move this back and forth to scrape off the top layer of dead skin.’ Dermaplaning is safe for most people, with little risk of side effects when it’s performed by a certified dermatologist. The treatment can cost between £150-£250. So, yes, you can see why I tried it myself at home. Dermatologists say this treatment is effective for people looking to make their skin appear more youthful, smooth, and bright – but it’s worth noting that results typically only last three weeks. As Molly-Mae points out, it’s something you have to maintain. But for those of us who are committed to staying on top of our grooming routine, there are many benefits, says Mehmet. ‘It can enhance younger, brighter skin, which helps reduce fine lines and wrinkles naturally. It may also ease hyperpigmentation. ‘Because the treatment removes dead skin cells from your face, it means it is smoother and makes it easier to apply makeup to the face. ‘Another benefit is that it helps your facial cells regrow, allowing serums and moisturisers to seep into the skin.’ ‘The procedure helps individuals with dry and uneven skin tones because the procedure gets rid of the cracked epidermis,’ he continues. ‘This type of exfoliation can even reduce the appearance of deep acne scars and prevent future breakouts. ‘It can also be used in tandem with other treatments such as a chemical peel or microneedling,as it removes the dead skin and therefore helps some other treatments to work better.’ While it can have benefits, Dr Najia points out that there are also risks and potential side effects, including skin soreness, redness and tingling. ‘Additionally,’ she says, ‘the treatment should not be performed if you have any inflammatory skin conditions including: rosacea, psoriasis, eczema, sunburn or acne.’ First of all, Mehmet points out that the treatment does not permanently remove hair and over time facial hair will grow back. ‘Unlike waxing, dermaplaning does not fully remove hair from its follicle, so hairs might grow back a bit sooner than other methods,’ Mehmet says. ‘Although there is no scientific study that confirm hairs grow back thicker and faster, the results can be different per skin type.’ So, in theory, you could experience increased facial hair, like Molly-Mae. Dr Najia suggests that that, in rare cases, it may cause ‘dark hair to grow near your chin, upper lip, or give sideburns’ – if that’s where the dermaplaning has occurred. However, in most cases, it might just be the change that makes you more aware of it. ‘Hair that has been cut can “feel” more noticeable, as we see when we shave our legs,’ she says. Either way, if you have any doubts, it’s worth seeking expert advice. And, bear in mind that, in stripping your skin of its natural peach fuzz, you’re leaving it more exposed in general. Ashley Wady of Bossface Cosmeceuticals has a warning for anyone who is considering or practising dermaplaning. ‘As you’ve removed the epidermis, which is essentially there to protect our skin from harmful pathogens, it’s important to wear a broad spectrum SPF going forward, to also reduce any sensitivity to the UV ray,’ she says. ‘Additionally, you shouldn’t dermaplane on anyone with acne, to avoid the risk of spreading the bacteria making it worse. ‘Always go to a professional for this treatment, as in the wrong hands, anyone unqualified may cause scarring due to technique cutting the skin.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Bubbling, blistering, burning: What it’s like to live with rosacea and why cases are rising MORE : ‘I’ve never been more aware of colourism’: The impact of eczema on Black skin MORE : Experts explain why you should never store your skincare in the bathroom