People are paying for Ukrainian Airbnbs despite having no intention of showing up, in an effort to help those suffering financial hardship following the Russian invasion, it has been claimed. One couple tweeted a picture of an online interaction, in which they wrote: ‘My wife and I have just booked your apartment for one week, but of course we will not be visiting. This is just so you can receive some money.’ The idea quickly attracted attention online and Airbnb said it was ‘waiving all guest and Host fees on all bookings in Ukraine at this time.’ Ukrainians benefitting from the idea expressed their thanks but others suggested the idea was ‘misguided’, since those who own extra property are unlikely to be most in need. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Meanwhile, Airbnb said on Monday that it would offer free short-term stays for up to 100,000 people fleeing Russia’s invasion. The San Francisco-based company said in a statement that it had ‘sent letters to leaders across Europe, starting with the leaders of Poland, Germany, Hungary and Romania, offering support in welcoming refugees within their borders. ‘While Airbnb.org [the company’s non-profit organisation] is committing to facilitate short-term housing for up to 100,000 refugees fleeing Ukraine, it will work closely with governments to best support the specific needs in each country, including by providing longer-term stays.’ The lodgings will be funded by the company, donors to an Airbnb fund for refugees, and hosts, it said. Since the beginning of the Russian offensive, a million people have now fled Ukraine, the UN said. Airbnb’s initiative echoes the aid offered last August to Afghans fleeing after the Taliban took over. Several other companies have also offered support to businesses and consumers in Ukraine, with online crafts retailer Etsy Inc waiving balances of about $4 million owed by sellers in the country. Verizon Communications Inc has said it would waive calling charges to Ukraine for some customers, while Britain’s Virgin Media O2 has removed charges for data use in Ukraine. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : How the UK can help the people of Ukraine