Jet2 flyers cheered as an unruly passenger was led off the plane for allegedly slapping fellow passengers and shouting in crew members’ faces. The flight from Manchester to the Turkish resort of Antalya ended up having to be diverted to Vienna so the woman could be booted from the aircraft. The airline sent a text message to customers apologising for the incident, after changing course for the Austrian capital. Footage shows the woman, understood to be from the Kirklees area of West Yorkshire, pacing up and down the cabin before shouting at staff. As cabin crew try to calm the situation, the passenger can be heard saying: ‘What have I done wrong on this flight?’ One member of staff tells her to ‘stand back’, to which she replied: ‘I am back. Sort your head out you.’ ‘You are not doing yourself any favours,’ the airline worker says. The passenger hits back: ‘You’re not doing yourself any favours either. So what have I done? Don’t touch me, don’t f***ing touch me!’ One man can be seen shaking his head in disbelief as the drama unfolds before him. Footage taken later shows customers cheering as the woman is escorted out of the plane and handed over to Austrian police. The Jet2 flight left Manchester Airport at around 9.15am on Monday. The woman is also said to have slapped another passenger as she got off at Vienna International Airport at roughly 11.40am. The flight reportedly took off again at 1pm and arrived at its original destination shortly after 3pm. One passenger told the Manchester Evening News that a female passenger became disruptive ‘about an hour and 20 minutes’ into the flight. They said: ‘There was lots of noise. ‘Then she came to the front of the plane. She was really angry towards Jet2 staff and wouldn’t calm down. ‘Her voice was getting louder and more aggressive – she was shouting in people’s faces. People were saying she was kicking off at the airport before she even got on the plane. Then some people said it was over babies crying on the flight. ‘A customer said something and she slapped him in the face. Then a man got up to try and calm the situation before taking her to the back of the plane.’ As the plane landed, the woman allegedly slapped another passenger as she was leaving the aircraft. Manchester Airport declined to comment saying the incident was a matter for the airline. In a statement, Jet2 said: ‘We can confirm that flight LS895 from Manchester to Antalya diverted to Vienna earlier today so that a disruptive passenger could be offloaded. ‘As a family friendly airline, we take a zero tolerance approach to disruptive behaviour.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted police in Vienna for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.