A furious neighbour was caught on camera smashing up a car with a pick-axe handle after a parking dispute. Annette Kealy flew into the late-night rage, during which she damaged three vehicles, after downing whiskey and wine. The 56-year-old from Worcester caused £1,000 worth of damage to her Richard Breakwell’s Ford Focus in the episode, which only came to an end when her boyfriend stepped in. Appearing at Worcester Magistrates’ Court on Friday, Kealy pleaded guilty to three counts of criminal damage and admitted assaulting Mr Breakwell. Footage of the incident, which took place on February 3 at 10.45pm showed Kealy battering Mr Breakwell’s Ford Focus with a 3ft long pick-axe handle. She smashed two windscreens and dented the bonnet of another car during the outburst. The court heard Kealy got into the rage because she believed her boyfriend’s parking space was constantly being used by three of her neighbours. She claimed the spot was either used by either Mr Breakwell, Bruce Powell’s grey Honda CVR or John Spinetto’s white Audi A3. Mr Breakwell who lives in a flat above Kealy, said when he realised what was happening he was shocked. ‘She just went absolutely stark raving mad,’ he said. ‘I mean she was raging, like some kind of wild animal. I really couldn’t believe what I was seeing. ‘I could see she had a huge piece of wood and was smashing up the cars. She must have hit them a hundred times or more.’ The 55-year-old said when he realised what was going on he went outside to try and stop Kealy. ‘She was smacking the bonnet again and again,’ he said. ‘I said to her “Stop doing that! It’s out of order. I’m going to call the police” but she kept hitting the cars and swearing at me. ‘Her eyes were wild. Luckily her boyfriend grabbed her and took her inside.’ Mr Breakwell said it cost him a total of £1,000 to replace the windscreen and pay for repairs to his wrecked car. He said he was ‘still out of pocket’ following the incident. ‘I don’t know what made her so mad. I just don’t understand it,’ he added. ‘There is no designated parking so we can park in whichever space is free. ‘We all make mistakes but I think she should have sent us all an apology which none of us have. Now she’s got a criminal record.’ Mr Breakwell said while there had been a ‘few rows’ in the past over music it never got so serious there had been ‘any fisticuffs’. ‘I really don’t want to live here anymore because of what has happened,’ he said. ‘I just want my windscreen and any damage to be paid for.’ Mr Spinetto, 71, a retired music teacher, had also been left shaken by the incident. He said: ‘I’m very disappointed, shocked and angry about the whole episode. ‘She was drunk at the time and she thought her boyfriend should be able to park where he wants which is just wrong. ‘She dented the passenger door, the driver’s wing and the windscreen and I’ve got to pay the £500 excess for a £2,700 repair bill which I just can’t afford on my pension. ‘I really never expected anything like this to happen. It’s shocking. We’re all neighbours and need to get on.’ Kealy was fined £200 and ordered to pay £100 in compensation to each of the three victims of the criminal damage and a £34 victim surcharge. She was also ordered to pay a further £50 in compensation to Mr Breakwell. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.