Vladimir Putin is heading for self-destruction with his ‘utterly stalled’ invasion of Ukraine resembling one of ancient Rome’s most crushing defeats, a former British Army officer has said. The Russian president has displayed a ‘lack of strategy’ as he follows the path of despots who have suffered catastrophic reverses going back to Roman times, according to Alex Cooper. Moscow’s forces are bombarding key Ukrainian cities, leading to atrocious conditions and appalling loss of life, but have only seized one major city since the invasion began 28 days ago. The military analyst told Metro.co.uk that while the immediate future looks ‘grim’ for civilians, the nation is effectively being ‘forged by fire’. The war in northern Ukraine is ‘largely static’, with Russian forces likely to be regrouping before ‘large-scale offensive operations’, according to a UK Ministry of Defence update today. Mr Cooper said: ‘Russian lack of strategy and its incoherent command and control has led the invaders to continue to fight on multiple fronts, far outstripping their ability to sustain the forces engaged in combat. ‘In the north, they are utterly stalled, unable to advance into Kyiv. ‘They are, however, tying down Ukrainian forces on each of these axes, and Kyiv, which cannot be allowed to fall, is absorbing a significant share of Ukraine’s forces and supplies. ‘The fallback position for Putin is to secure and strengthen the land bridge from the Donbass enclave to the northern edge of Crimea, giving him at the very least a coherent slice of Ukraine and a tenuous illusion of success.’ Russian forces are besieging the southern city of Mariupol, a key strategic point in the land bridge. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy told the media today that 100,000 people are without food in the shattered port, where the bombing of a maternity and children’s hospital was met with revulsion around the world. ‘The holdout city of Mariupol currently blocks this land bridge, but the city is battered; the defenders and civilian population are under siege, and at risk of starvation,’ Mr Cooper said. ‘Attempts to extract the civilian population have been largely unsuccessful due to Russian duplicity in creating land corridors and they face a grim future. ‘This is probably intentional on Russia’s part, in the hope of forcing capitulation on humanitarian grounds, as they realise that fighting to a conclusion would engender a huge and probably unsustainable cost. ‘The Battle of Ilovaisk in the Donbass in 2014, however, where the Russian-backed separatist forces attacked Ukrainian forces withdrawing under truce, undoubtedly influences the thinking of any Ukrainian commander considering surrender. ‘As Russia’s supply of precision weapons dwindles, we are seeing a reversion to type in the indiscriminate use of artillery and rockets to maximise damage, regardless of civilian casualties – the very same civilians that Russia claims to be attempting to liberate.’ The Russian offensive appears to be grinding down into a war of attrition with Mr Putin bent on following a ‘self-destructive path’, the Balkans and Afghanistan veteran told Metro.co.uk. ‘Putin is a tsar-like character, and tzar is derived from Caesar,’ he said. ‘A historical analogy would be the battle of the Teutoburg Forest in what is now Germany, where the Roman emperor Augustus sought to expand and consolidate on previous gains. The General in charge, Varus, was a political appointee and had insufficient forces for the task at hand. Roman forces were strung out in vulnerable formations on unsuitable ground, and were ambushed and defeated utterly. ‘Three whole legions and Varus himself were lost, bringing to an end Roman plans for expanding the empire further into German lands, and laying the seeds for German identity. ‘All analogies have limitations but hubris among leaders isolated from the reality on the ground, leading to disaster, is common throughout history. ‘Where emperors are convinced of their own destiny, and impulsively continue on a self-destructive path, only decisive action by those clear-sighted and opportunistic enough to realise the ultimate futility of the situation can end it. Removal from power, probably through assassination, seems to be the only guaranteed way to prevent Putin from driving Russia into strategic defeat, even if some success is achieved in Ukraine.’ Mr Zelenskyy told the Italian parliament on Tuesday that his country was ‘on the brink of survival’ following its valiant resistance to Moscow’s overwhelming numbers and firepower. The Ukrainian military said yesterday that it had clawed back territory seized by Russian forces, including the suburb of Makariv, which lies 37 miles outside of Kyiv. Mr Cooper said: ‘As wretched as the current situation is, we must remember that the Ukrainian population is fighting a war of national survival, while Russia is engaged in an elective “military operation”. ‘Ukraine is on a total war footing and, with internationally provided weapons, humanitarian supplies and active intelligence and surveillance, they can outlast dwindling Russian forces. ‘It will undoubtedly get worse before it gets better but Russia seems to have run out of steam and, individual pyrrhic victories aside, the Kremlin doesn’t seem able to win. ‘Unless there is a collapse of Ukrainian leadership or forces, I predict an eventual consolidation in the south and east creating a greater Donbass and Crimea region. Whether or not that survives subsequent sanctions remains to be seen, but Odesa and Kyiv seem beyond Russia’s reach, so there will be no decapitation of the Ukrainian government or cutting off from the sea. ‘As painful as the process is, Ukraine is being forged by fire, and will become stronger as a result.’ An apparent indication of the costly toll of the invasion was given on Monday when a pro-Kremlin Russian tabloid said 9,861 Russian soldiers had been killed in action. The line vanished just minutes later, with the paper, Komsomolskaya Pravda, later claiming its site had been hacked. Figures from the UN’s human rights office released on Saturday showed that 847 civilians have died since the invasion began on February 24. The true toll is likely to be far higher. The fierce resistance mounted by Ukrainian forces has today been accompanied by a call from the country’s ambassador to the UK for the west to replenish its arms stocks. Vadym Prystaiko singled out long-range anti-tank weapons as one requirement and said that President Zelenskyy will make a similar call to NATO tomorrow. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.