Louise Thompson is celebrating her first birthday as a mum on the weekend of Mother’s Day. The Made In Chelsea star turns 32 today and is spending her special day with loved ones amid her PTSD battle after giving birth. Louise welcomed son Leo to the world in November 2021 but endured a traumatic ordeal as she suffered complications. Now cherishing every moment with her boy, the reality TV star gave followers a glimpse inside her big day on Instagram. Taking to her story, she shared a video of younger brother Sam, 29, singing to her while eating a salad and wearing a pair of dinosaur pyjama bottoms. ‘My brother is basically Spike,’ Louise joked. ‘That was great. Sam, are those Zara’s pyjamas?’ she asked, referring to his girlfriend, Zara McDermott. ‘They’re mine, dinosaurs,’ he responded. Louise has been well and truly spoiled for her birthday, sharing pics of the beautiful bouquets she has been gifted and an arrangement of cupcakes, one of which had ‘mum’ iced on the top. She also shared an adorable boomerang of husband-to-be Ryan Libbey, 31, with baby Leo strapped around him, making food in the kitchen, writing, ‘Our superstar daddy in action @ryan.libbey,’ on the clip. And if that wasn’t cute enough, she also received a balloon arrangement with one at the top that had her son’s face printed on, which had writing around it that read: ‘Happy Birthday Mummy! I love you’. Leo-Hunter is Louise and Ryan’s first child together, but Louise has been open about the devastating ordeal she had during his birth, and shared her recovery with fans. The TV personality was in hospital for five weeks following Leo’s birth, after facing ‘various serious complications’ and ‘almost dying’ during labour. She has been open about her mental health on Instagram since, including her struggles with ‘depressive panic episodes’ after being diagnosed with PTSD. Louise has also faced backlash for not breastfeeding her baby, despite it causing her ‘excruciating pain.’ The influencer continues to be open about the ups and downs of motherhood to break down taboos for other parents. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing On Ice’s Brendan Cole explains decision to post daughter’s face on social media: ‘The time has come’ MORE : Pregnant Rihanna is pretty in pink as she gets excited over tiny outfits while out baby shopping 