David Walliams and Matt Lucas will light up our screens for a Comic Relief sketch tonight. The pair were once the kings of comedy with hit shows like Little Britain and Rock Profile. However, the pair stopped working together in 2011 and an eight-year feud followed. As we celebrate and fundraise for Red Nose Day 2022, let’s dive into their ‘strained friendship’ and how they reunited. David and Matt met at the National Youth Theatre and quickly bonded over their love of comedy and impressions. They hit the big time with Little Britain in 2003, which ran until 2009. However, the duo stopped talking in 2011 after taking the comedy scene by storm with their hilarious sketches. Their friendship started to suffer during the Little Britain Live Tour in 2005, with a fight taking place backstage one night. Matt got candid about the spat in his Little Me autobiography, admitting the pir were ‘often at loggerheads.’ He said they would argue over petty things – such as what kind of chocolate to have on their rider at a venue – but things would escalate. One particular disagreement involved David’s facial hair, and it turned into a screaming match with the comedians ‘hurling obscenities at one another.’ They managed to patch things up and continue their shows for fans, but hit another rough patch in 2007 while on the Australian leg of the tour. They made their second show Come Fly With Me, which was received well, but their partnership fizzled out in 2011. Matt also made several digs about the Britain’s Got Talent judge in his book, with one jibe including: ‘Walliams has now sold so many children’s books he can probably buy his own private jet, all decked out in pink, with a river inside it for him to swim up.’ But, when David released his own book in 2012 – titled Camp David – he also hit out at his former partner. Speaking on Radio 4 while promoting his autobiography, the author said of their relationship: ‘We’re very different people and probably want different things and had different working methods. ‘Well, it’s over for the time being. Whether it’s over forever I don’t know.’ It’s good news for fans, as the duo made friends. They were seen together for the first time since their feud began while attending the funeral of mutual friend Dale Winton in May 2018. David and Matt reunited in a professional capacity in 2019 after eight long years, as they announced a ‘huge TV comeback.’ They started working together again with a one-off Little Britain special called Little Brexit following the referendum. It was broadcast on Radio 4. Commissioning editor Sioned William said at the time that it was ‘a privilege to have them back on Radio 4, where Little Britain first began almost 20 years ago.’ A source at the time said the pair were in ‘serious discussions’ about working together in 2020, after they both realised they ‘missed one another a lot.’ Speaking with Capital Breakfast following their reunion, Matt added that the pair were speaking ‘every day.’ In aid of Comic Relief this year, the pair will revive Rock Profile and transform into the likes of Alfie Boe and Michael Ball. Rock Profile originally ran from 1999 to 2009 and saw David and Matt play musicians such as Michael Jackson, Amy Winehouse and Gary Barlow. Fans will be very pleased to see it back tonight, with Great British Bake Off host Matt saying: ‘It’s been really fun giving the Rock Profile treatment to a host of stars who weren’t even twinkles in our eyes when we first did the show nearly 25 years ago.’ ‘I can’t wait for everyone to see our brand-new characters,’ David added. Comic Relief kicks off on Friday from 7pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rosie Jones: ‘I was terrified over Comic Relief opera challenge but it’s absolutely changed my life’ MORE : Zoe Ball becomes latest star drop out Comic Relief last minute due to Covid: ‘Fell at last hurdle’  