Insects that ‘taste like bacon’ could help ease the starvation crisis engulfing Madagascar, a British charity believes. It is hoped that the unlikely snack – apparently enjoyable with a beer – could offer a nutritious food source for thousands if produced en masse. The African nation has faced years of devastating droughts which have left hundreds of thousands of Malagasy people facing starvation and turning to largely inedible plants for food. Back-to-back droughts have left the southern part of the country in a particularly desperate situation. Last summer, Metro.co.uk reported that people were eating ‘shoe leather and ash mixed with tamarind’, in a bid to stave of hunger. Now the World Food Programme estimates that some 1.64 million people on the Indian Ocean island are ‘food insecure’ and in desperate need of humanitarian assistance. The UN agency added that it is aware of people eating locusts, raw red cactus fruits and wild leaves – and says 334,000 are facing emergency levels of food insecurity. But now there are hopes that local insects, known as sakondry, could help stave off hunger for thousands. UK-based organisation SEED Madagascar is piloting a farming project to provide the native animals to locals as food – and those who have tried them say they have an unusual flavour. ‘It tastes like a bacon-y peanut’, Lewis Kramer, a conservation research co-ordinator, tells Metro.co.uk. ‘They’re quite soft when they’ve been fried… Like a nutty bacon. ‘I would happily have a bowl of them with a beer.’ Experts say Malagasy droughts are a direct result of the climate crisis, while Covid-linked trade issues, and the increasing price of rice, have worsened food shortages. Veteran aid workers have said the situation is one of the worst they have ever seen. Recent major storms – which have killed people and destroyed villages – have done little to ease the droughts because the ground is so hard that short downpours, rather than consistent rainfall, simply leads to water running off fields. With climate change threatening to further increase the number of extreme weather events occurring on the island, reliable sources of food are needed more than ever. And bacon bugs, despite their long noses giving them an almost comical look, could offer a serious solution. Eating the insect – which gets its nickname from its smoky flavour is not a new phenomenon. Yet confirmation that the bug is also nutritious and found in the villages affected by famine has led to the idea of farming them to supplement the diets of locals. Scientists have long hailed insects as a more environmentally-friendly snack that could also be used to avoid malnutrition. The charity’s managing director, Mark Jacobs, said: ‘Since February 2021, SEED Madagascar has been responding to the food crisis through the implementation of an emergency food distribution programme. ‘Once the food security emergency starts to ease, support for longer-term recovery and resilience will be critical, especially with the prospect that these events will only increase with global warming. ‘We hope the bacon bug can provide a local, resilient source of food in those areas where we work.’ The project is now in its second phase and five communities, experiencing high rates of moderate to severe acute malnutrition, will be trained to establish harvestable insect colonies, hopefully increasing diet diversity and food security for thousands of people. Existing work suggests sakondry can be cheaply cultivated in remote areas with limited infrastructure, providing high levels of nutrients often lacking in local diets. Training will be given on how to grow native antaky beans – which are naturally colonised by the bugs – and to farm, harvest, cook, and store the insects. Madame Bertholine, a SEED community ambassador in Ampanasatomboky, explained: ‘The people in (south eastern village) Sainte Luce like sakondry… It’s really good. ‘And the people who don’t have antaky come to us and ask for antaky seeds to attract sakondry.’ The project aims to increase the nutritional intake of households, whilst alleviating pressure on the island’s biodiversity, which is under threat from deforestation. It is hoped that the scheme can provide additional nutrients to women of reproductive age and children under five in rural communities. Longer term, it could also improve the capacity of women to earn money through the sale of excess insects and beans. But Mr Jacobs concedes that it is only a small part of the solution. Highlighting schemes on rural beekeeping, reed weaving, sustainable management of lobster fishing and an embroidery cooperative, he explains: ‘Any resilience programme can’t just rely on one source of food or income and the bacon bug project is only one part of what we’re doing.’ Metro.co.uk contacted the WFP for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Try these three protein-packed recipes that use insects and bugs