Ludacris isn’t just a girl dad by name; he has put the in the work by creating a Netflix series representing young Black girls so they can feel seen. And, there could be much more on the way. Karma’s World was created by the Fast & Furious actor based on his eldest daughter, Karma, and her very real passion for music just like her famous dad. The Netflix animation got off to huge success when season one debuted last year and it’s now back with season two set to launch on March 10. The new episodes will introduce new characters, new locations and themes, diving into topics like body positivity, anxiety, and social pressures. However, Ludacris – real name Chris Bridges – has three other daughters who would love to have their own spin-offs based on their own personalities. In addition to Karma, now 21, the Get Back rapper is also father to eight-year-old Cai from his former relationship with Tamika Fuller, as well as two daughters he shares with wife Eudoxie Mbouguiengue, the youngest born in August 2021. So, will he buckle and give all four daughters their own Netflix spin-off? Ludacris told Metro.co.uk: ‘I’m a girl dad, I’ve got four daughters so I definitely want to be the individual that’s being the change that I want to see in the world and that I want my daughters to see, and now we have this show. ‘The only problem I have is my other daughters asking where their Netflix show is at so I’ve got to figure that out.’ He added: ‘I have a lot of work to do, trust me. But before that, we need to make sure we make this number one in the UK! Once we get this going then I can try to make other shows, so we’ll get that right.’ Karma’s World was in the works for 14 years before Netflix greenlit the cartoon, which also features the voices of Tiffany Haddish, Danielle Brooks, Dascha Polanco and Ludacris himself. The 44-year-old musician is proud that the series is about ‘inclusion and representation of seeing ourselves on-screen. I think that’s what I love so much about the UK receiving this show so well’. He explained of the show’s central themes: ‘This was definitely based off of Karma’s real experiences and that’s why I think people are loving the show this much is because other kids are going through the same things. ‘What better way for parents to have these conversations with their kids then watching something like this and it just opens up the dialogue. ‘That’s why this is a game-changer for me. The music goes hand-in-hand, there’s an album out on Spotify and other platforms right now that people can stream, and it reinforces everything they’re seeing.’ It has also been a valuable ‘bonding experience’ for Ludacris and Karma, allowing him to ‘carry on the legacy’ by working with her but also setting up his children for life. ‘That was the whole goal and it’s like having the best job in the world because you’re working with your family and you’re leaving something to them,’ he said. Ludacris added of being a girl dad, the term famously coined by the late Kobe Bryant: ‘The most rewarding thing is knowing that when I get older my girls are going to take care of me, that’s the best thing about being a girl dad. I’ll be well taken care of.’ Once Karma’s World season two debuts on Netflix, Ludacris will have to turn his attention to another major project – shooting the final instalments of the Fast and Furious franchise, which will come to an end with 10 and 11. Reflecting on the wild ride that has been the F&F series, the Rollout hitmaker said: ‘I’m just so thankful to be in five or six of the movies that I’m not going to feel bad, all I’m going to do is hold onto all the memories, the beautiful scenes, people and family that we’ve created because that’s going to live on forever.’ He then revealed: ‘We have not started filming yet, we’re supposed to start in the next couple of months but I’m sure it’s going to be electrifying the same way it always is because we’re amongst people that we love and we’re trying to leave a legacy here with this franchise that is now a part of history.’ Karma’s World season two arrives on Netflix on March 10. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian breaks silence on Pete Davidson romance for first time, confirms viewers will learn all about romance in new show MORE : Samuel L Jackson reflects on staying young and playing 91 in new series The Last Days Of Ptolemy Grey 