A Ukrainian man in the first major city to fall into Russian hands has told of desperate conditions amid reports of occupying troops killing civilians and looting stores. Stepan said that food supplies will run dry within days, with shops reduced to ruins and soldiers stopping drivers to steal the petrol from their tanks. He also spoke of hearing that dozens of residents had been massacred in a park and said others had died in bombardments of the city, which lies close to Crimea in southern Ukraine. His claim about people being shot dead by Russian forces emanates from social media footage showing bodies lying in the snow near trees and could not immediately be verified. However, the man in his 20s sent Metro.co.uk images and videos that he, his wife and friends have taken of ruined homes and shops, showing the immense destruction wrought by Moscow’s invasion. One clip shows the hellish aftermath of a blaze at the city’s Fabrika mall, the largest shopping centre in the city. ‘It’s horrible,’ Stepan said. ‘There are Russian troops walking around with guns and it’s really dangerous going outside after 1800 because there are several cases where they have killed civilians and shot at normal cars. ‘There was a massive killing in the park, around 50 people. ‘I have seen for myself burnt-out civilian cars and apartments that are totally destroyed, they are just shells. ‘There are several cases where they shot at the houses of civilian people who haven’t done anything. I have also heard of where they have stopped civilian cars and stolen the petrol and diesel.’ Stepan, who spoke under an assumed name, said he believed civilians were being killed as Russian troops brutally enforce the military administration’s rules, including a curfew between 6pm and 8am. The social media footage he spoke of shows an alleged massacre of Ukrainians, said to have been making Molotov cocktails in the park, close to his home. With the Kremlin already accused of war crimes across the country, the couple is suffering frayed nerves and living in fear. ‘They can just kill you,’ he said. ‘There are rumours that maybe someone has been killed for making a video of them or not following the curfew, walking or going out in the car after 1800.’ Kherson, which lies on the Dnieper River around 70 miles from the gulf with the Black Sea, was the scene of intense fighting during the opening phase of the invasion launched by Vladimir Putin 16 days ago. The mayor, Ihor Kolykhaiev, announced on March 2 that the strategically valuable port had fallen into Russian hands. Stepan told of shops and malls being destroyed during the Russian advance and provided images of obliterated stores. ‘They have been looting and stealing from shops and there are videos showing them going inside a bank and stealing money,’ he said. Stepan and his wife had lived a comfortable existence as a young professional couple but are now faced with a nightmare existence. ‘Every day it becomes worse and worse, more stressful,’ he said. ‘We haven’t slept properly since the invasion started. ‘First, we slept in the basement, then in a corridor, then our bed, because it’s not so comfortable. We wake up five or six times a night, even for when a car passes by the window.’ The shipbuilding centre, which has a population of around 290,000, is the first major city to be taken by the Kremlin’s forces. Stepan’s account gives an ominous harbinger of what might greet other population centres that end up under Moscow’s rule. With the strain showing in his voice, he told of food shortages and being forced to wait five hours for 20 litres of fuel. ‘Our mayor is trying to supply food, not from outside but from shops which are closed, such as vegetables and frozen meat.’ he said. ‘But a lot of malls and stores are closed because they have nothing inside. ‘At home we have potatoes, onions and carrots and yesterday I found some frozen fish and yoghurt in the shops. ‘But it’s like today a shop is open and tomorrow it’s closed. ‘We don’t have a supply to the city so I think in a few days we will not have any chance to buy food.’ Stepan, an electrician, and his wife, who owns a small business, are unable to work as a result of the invasion and hope to leave the city of his birth if a humanitarian corridor opens up. He is prevented from crossing the border under Ukraine’s martial law which prevents men aged between 18 and 60 from leaving the country, except under certain circumstances. While he has not volunteered for the Territorial Defence Force, he has supported his homeland through donations and spoke out as part of the War Against War campaign, a platform set up by Ukrainian people to counter Russian propaganda. ‘I don’t have a will to fight and die but we have donated money for the army and the people who were evacuated,’ he said. ‘My wife has family in Germany and I can wait on the western border. We have a dream to live in Australia which we want to work on as well.’ A fresh wave of air strikes and artillery barrages pounded Ukrainian cities today, especially in the south. Twelve humanitarian corridors were supposed to be in place, but the repeated attacks have made it impossible for civilians in many parts of the country to leave safely. At least 549 civilians, including 26 children, have been killed in the invasion so far, according to the United Nations. The military assault on several axes has also triggered the biggest refugee crisis in Europe since the Second World War, with more than 2.5 million people leaving Ukraine. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.