Mohamed Salah has provided Jurgen Klopp with a major boost ahead of tonight’s pivotal Premier League clash against Arsenal. The Egypt international hobbled off midway through the second half of Saturday’s 2-0 win over Brighton, shortly after he had helped secure another three points from the penalty spot. Salah was unable to take part in Monday’s training session but is ready to put his body on the line with Liverpool primed to draw to within a solitary point of long-time league leaders and reigning champions Manchester City. Klopp is now blessed with adequate cover for his 30-goal forward with the likes of Diogo Jota and January recruit Luiz Diaz providing competition for places, but Salah’s availability will still represent a welcome shot in the arm ahead of the trip to in-form Arsenal. Salah appeared to injure his foot in taking the decisive penalty at the Amex but Klopp has called on referees to offer his star man more protection. ‘There is a statistic that Mo is the one player with the least fouls against him,” he said Klopp at his pre-match press conference. ‘Not that he isn’t fouled. Just that they are not whistled against him. When you compare him to other strikers, it is absolutely crazy how low the number of fouls on him is for which the ref whistles. Madness. ‘You have to ask the refs, I don’t know [why]. We constantly think he gets fouled and then he gets confronted with someone calling him a diver and it is an absolute shame. ‘We don’t get even close to the number of free kicks we should get. That is a fact. I cannot explain that. You must ask other people how that is possible. ‘That the guy who is constantly with the ball in and around the box, and there is no foul. Interesting. There are situations where there is a challenge. It is not as though he avoids them. I cannot explain it.’ MORE : Jurgen Klopp gives verdict on improving Arsenal ahead of Liverpool showdown MORE : Gary Neville names Liverpool’s advantage over Manchester City in Premier League title race For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 