Jussie Smollett has been released from jail on a bond while he prepares to appeal his conviction on five felony counts of lying to police about a racist and homophobic attack. The former Empire actor, 39, had been sentenced to 150 days in jail for falsely claiming he was the victim of a hate crime in 2019. However, he was released after six nights on a personal recognisance bond of $150,000 (£114,000), meaning he did not have to put down money but agreed to come to court as required. Smollett’s defence attorney Nenye Uche told reporters outside Cook County Jail that Smollett’s family is ‘very very happy with today’s developments’, but revealed that the former actor had survived only on ice water during his time in prison. He told reporters that Smollett had refused food, explaining: ‘Ice water, that’s been his food and liquid. I can only imagine if I was in jail for something I didn’t do, I wouldn’t be eating.’ Smollett had spent just two of his six days in jail in the general population, before being moved to a psychiatric unit over fears for his mental wellbeing. The actor had been convicted of lying to police after allegedly fabricating a racist and homophobic attack. He had reported to Chicago police in January 2019 that he had been attacked by two men wearing ski masks, who yelled racist and homophobic slurs at him and told him he was in ‘MAGA country’, in reference to Donald Trump’s presidential campaign slogan, and even put a noose around his neck. The manhunt for the attackers soon turned into an investigation into Smollett, who is claimed to have paid two men who he knew from work to carry out the attack, instructing them on what tp say and do. A jury had convicted Smollett in December on five felony counts of lying to the police, but he will now appeal the verdict after his release from jail. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jussie Smollett ‘moved out of psych ward’ thanks to fan support, his brother says MORE : Empire star Taraji P Henson calls for Jussie Smollett to be freed after he is jailed for staging hate crime 