China has dismissed claims Russia asked it for military equipment to use in Ukraine – and accused the US of spreading ‘malicious’ falsehoods. Earlier, unnamed White House officials said Russia had called for support including military aid. But a Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hit out at US ‘disinformation’ – and insisted China had ‘played a constructive role in urging peace’. Asked at a daily briefing about Russia’s reported request for assistance, Zhao Lijian responded: ‘The US has been spreading disinformation targeting China recently over the Ukraine issue. It is malicious. ‘What is pressing now is that all parties should exercise restraint and strive to cool down the situation, rather than fuelling the tension.’ It comes ahead of a meeting in Rome between US and China. Mr Zhao said the ‘Ukraine situation will definitely be a hot topic’. The US government reportedly fears military assistance from China could undermine Western efforts to arm Ukrainian forces. It has also warned China not to help Russia skirt around sanctions hammering its economy. White House national security adviser Jake Sullivan said he’d told China there would be ‘consequences’ if it helps Russia ‘backfill’ its financial losses. China has been one of few countries to avoid condemning Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. It has criticised sanctions against Moscow and abstained on UN votes denouncing Russia’s attack. It has also expressed support for peace talks. Three weeks before Russia invaded Ukraine, Xi Jinping hosted Vladimir Putin for the opening of the Winter Olympics in Beijing. The two leaders issued a 5,000-word statement declaring limitless friendship. Earlier, the Biden administration accused China of spreading Russian disinformation. US officials say Beijing is circulating false Russian claims that Ukraine has been running chemical and biological weapons labs with US support. They say this could be a pretext for Russian forces to attack Ukraine with chemical or biological weapons. Mr Sullivan said that when Russia starts accusing other countries of preparing to launch biological or chemical attacks, it’s a sign they may be ‘on the cusp of doing it themselves’. Pentagon spokesperson John Kirby said: ‘We haven’t seen anything that indicates some sort of imminent chemical or biological attack right now, but we’re watching this very, very closely.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.