A teaching assistant says she was left traumatised after a woman launched a torrent of racist abuse and struck her in the forehead with a stiletto heel. Darcy Diaz, 23, was taken to A&E with blood streaming down her face from the attack in Kentish Town, north London. She had been celebrating a friend’s birthday at a pub and was assaulted while walking away from a fight that had broken out with a neighbouring party. Darcy told Metro.co.uk: ‘I’ve never been involved in anything like this. I can’t express how it feels to be attacked because of the colour of your skin.’ She said a mother and daughter from the group hurled a barrage of racist language – then made fun of her friend for wearing a wig and pulled it off. Darcy, a learning support worker at a local primary school, said they assaulted her when she started recording what was happening on her phone. The mother pulled her hair back while the daughter hit her with the high heeled shoe, she added. There was an ‘open wound’ and ‘blood gushing’ from above her brow, Darcy wrote on social media. ‘I have no idea who called the police but I am so grateful for whoever did,’ she said. ‘I was told how lucky I was that she hadn’t caught my eye.’ Darcy needed stitches and has been off work since the attack. She’s now scared of leaving the house and feels ‘absolutely traumatised’. ‘I’m usually a private person but I can’t let this go unknown or not taken seriously,’ she said. ‘I should not be attacked because of the colour of my skin. Nobody should. Racially motivated crimes need to stop’. Ms Diaz hopes coming forward will encourage others to speak out about racist attacks. A Metropolitan Police spokeswoman said the force was called to reports of a fight between a group of people in Queen’s Crescent at around 1am on February 27. Officers said they gave first aid to a 23-year-old woman with facial injuries, and she was taken to hospital for treatment. A 22-year-old woman was arrested at the scene on suspicion of causing actual bodily harm. The Met said she was later released. The force said its enquiries are ongoing. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.