Jamaica has already started the process of removing the Queen as its head of state, according to reports. A senior government figure has been appointed with the primary aim of transitioning the nation to a republic, sources told The Independent. The news emerged as Prince William and Kate were accused of benefitting from the ‘blood, tears and sweat’ of slaves as they arrived in Jamaica on Tuesday for a royal tour. The Cambridges were met with a protest calling for reparations and an apology from the British monarchy for its role in the slave trade  – a demand that has been backed by the Advocates Network coalition of Jamaican politicians, business leaders, doctors and musicians. It is understood that Jamaica’s uncoupling from the UK has been discussed at the ‘highest levels’ in government and will begin in earnest once Kate and William leave. A political insider told The Independent: ‘The government has had to start the process; the road to becoming a republic is not an easy one but they have long been coming under significant pressure to do it.’ BAZAAR.com also reported that the government has started the ‘long and arduous process’ and aims for it to be completed by August 6 – exactly 60 years after Jamaica gained its independence from the UK. A senior government official told the website it will be ‘full steam ahead in the coming weeks and months’,  while another source added that while there had been ‘some pushback’ from members of parliament it was not the majority. Both sources said there were no plans for a referendum on the matter, according to Bazaar. Marlene Malahoo Forte, Jamaica’s former attorney general, told reporters shortly before stepping down that she had received instructions from Prime Minister Andrew Holness to reform the constitution to become a republic. Barbados, which became the world’s newest republic last November when it removed the Queen as Head of State, was able to make the change via an act of parliament. Anti-colonial sentiment has been growing across the Caribbean against the background of the Black Lives Matter movement, which has inspired many around the globe to campaign for equality. EAGrammy Award–winning dancehall star Beenie Man told Good Morning Britain that young people across Jamaica are now eager for change. ‘Jamaicans don’t want the queen, me can tell you that. … If Harry [was coming], people would react different. People would go and meet Harry. But William, nobody wants to see that,’ he said. Just days before the Cambridges’ arrival in Jamaica, a coalition of 100 politicians, business leaders, academics, and doctors signed an open letter to the couple, urging them to apologise on behalf of the royal family for their role in the slave trade. The letter said: ‘We are of the view that an apology for British crimes against humanity, including but not limited to, the exploitation of the indigenous people of Jamaica, the transatlantic trafficking of Africans, the enslavement of Africans, indentureship and colonialization, is necessary to begin a process of healing, forgiveness, reconciliation and compensation.’ However, the signatories urged the future King and Queen to go further than to ‘sey yuh sorry!’ as they set out a list of 60 ways the monarchy could compensate Jamaica. As the couple touched down in Kingston on Tuesday,  around 350 protesters gathered outside the British High Commission building holding signs with messages like ‘Princesses and Princes belong in fairytales… not in Jamaica’ and ‘apologise’. It comes after ‘anti-colonialism’ demonstrations during a visit to Belize earlier on Prince William and Kate’s Caribbean tour. The royal visits to Caribbean nations are seen as an effort to try and dissuade other ex-British colonies – including Belize and The Bahamas – from following in Barbados’ example of removing the Queen as their head of state. A royal source said the duke was aware of the protests and was expected to acknowledge the issue of slavery in a speech on Wednesday night during a dinner hosted by the Governor General of Jamaica. Despite the controversy surrounding their Jamaica trip,  William and Kate were greeted by cheers during their visit to Trench Town to meet young footballers and the Jamaican bobsleigh team, who finished 28th in the recent Winter Olympics. The royal couple were joined by Kingston-born England international footballer Raheem Sterling. Dozens of locals stood behind a wire fence to watch the sporting spectacle unfold and others sat on roofs to get a better view. There was also mass hysteria as the royal couple were mobbed by crowds who chanted: ‘We love you, we love you’ as they walked to Trench Town Culture Yard and Museum in Jamaica’s capital. The Jamaican government has not confirmed plans to remove the Queen as Head of  State. But last week, Jamaica’s culture minister, Olivia ‘Babsy’ Grange, confirmed the government was pushing forward with its strategy to seek reparations for slavery from Britain. The Jamaican government last year announced plans to ask Britain for compensation for forcibly transporting an estimated 600,000 Africans to work on sugar cane and banana plantations that created fortunes for British slave holders. It has proposed a reparations package of £7.6billion ($10 billion). Lawmakers say the figure is derived from a £20million payment the UK government made in 1837 to compensate slave owners in British colonies for the emancipation of enslaved people following the 1833 abolition of slavery. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.