Ricky Gervais has said he would not have joked about Jada Pinkett Smith’s hair had he hosted the Oscars 2022, but would have taken aim at her love life. The comedian, who’s hosted the Golden Globes five times but never the Oscars, spoke out after Jada’s husband Will slapped Chris Rock on stage for making a joke about G.I Jane in reference to her buzzcut. He has since apologised. Jada, 50, has alopecia, which is thought to be why Will was so offended. It’s been reported that Chris did not know about her condition. Ricky, 60, reportedly said during a work in progress comedy show in Highgate, north London: ‘I’ll get it out of the way. I have not got any Will Smith material. I trended when that happened and I was not even there. ‘What has it got to do with me? People were going “What would have happened if Ricky Gervais had been doing it [hosting the Oscars]?” he added, according to The Mirror. ‘Well, nothing as I would not have made a joke about his wife’s hair. I would have made a joke about her boyfriend.’ The couple made headlines in July 2020 when Jada admitted she had an ‘entanglement’ with August Alsina while she and Will, 53, were married – but she said they were separated at the time. ‘We were over,’ Jada said at the time. ‘From there, as time went on, I got into a different kind of entanglement with August.’ Clarifying August’s claims that Will had given ‘permission’ for the relationship to go ahead, Jada continued: ‘One of the things I want to clear up that was kind of swirling in the press was you giving permission, which the only person who can give permission in that particular circumstance is myself. ‘But what August was trying to communicate – because I could actually see how he would perceive it as permission because we were separated amicably – I think he also wanted to make it clear that he’s not a homewrecker, which he’s not.’ During the 2022 Academy Awards, Will and Chris, 57, had a now infamous clash, with the King Richard actor storming the stage and slapping the comedian before swearing at him from his seat. Moments later, Will won the best actor award. Despite previously saying he would never host the Oscars unless they let him say whatever he wanted, Ricky has been fairly outspoken about this year’s awards, stirring the pot by retweeting a joke from The Office about alopecia. He’s also been involved in the most unexpected celeb feud of the year after he imagined his opening speech had he hosted the ceremony, and took aim at the Oscars gift bags. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Jada Pinkett Smith for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Hypocrite’ Ricky Gervais hit with savage response from creators of $100,000 Oscars gift bags after his brutal takedown MORE : Ricky Gervais savagely rips into Oscars gift bag worth $100,000 after imagining his brutal opening speech if he’d hosted 