A Russian mum has told of the ‘panic’ gripping her homeland as she is separated from her British husband and experiences financial hardship. Sofia is ‘outraged’ by Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine and fears her adult son will be conscripted into a war she is prepared to protest against. The unprovoked military campaign has hit her long-distance relationship with her husband as they have applied for a UK spousal visa but now face air route closures and bureaucratic wrangles. Like millions of ordinary Russians, Sofia has been impacted on multiple fronts, with the suspension of electronic payment systems such as Visa and Mastercard cutting financial support from her husband, shortages in the shops, and the steep fall of the rouble. While her son is helping to pay the household bills, he too is feeling the financial strain from the costly invasion that has prompted rare shows of open dissent in the streets and in the media. Protesters have shown their opposition despite facing repercussions from a government widely accused of war crimes and human rights violations. ‘Panic among the people now prevails in Moscow and Russia,’ Sofia told Metro.co.uk. ‘Everyone is alarmed and concerned about the current situation in connection with the ongoing events in Ukraine and in Russia. ‘Imported goods have become much less and most stores have closed. ‘Payment systems work only in banks that have not been sanctioned.’ The Moscovite, 48, has reverted to ‘old ways’ to try and save money, including making food go further by cooking stews. ‘People’s lives are getting worse and worse,’ she said. ‘Prices for goods are rising and the range of goods in stores is decreasing. ‘My only income is support from my husband and son. Since transfers from other countries are limited and my husband cannot send me money, I will save on food and utilities such as water and electricity. ‘Many people have begun looking for an opportunity to leave Russia and the lawlessness of the government. If I can leave, I will.’ Marrying in the UK in June 2021 the husband and wife have travelled to visit each other, but direct flights between Russia and the UK have now been halted due to bans imposed by both governments. The husband, a financial services manager from the home counties, told Metro.co.uk that he had not been getting responses from UK Visas and Immigration since the invasion began almost four weeks ago. ‘We’re stuck,’ he said. ‘We’ve submitted our spousal visa, paid the money and she’s done the biometrics, but as soon as you mention Russia the line goes cold. There are also restrictions preventing people from leaving or entering Russia – even at train stations linking to airports. ‘They say air routes are open, but the only ones we could find were via Belarus, which has since had flight bans imposed, or would need her to get the Schengen transit visa. In Moscow, there are queues outside the few banks left open and it’s very difficult to get money out. ‘She’s started going into old ways, freezing food and making stews, to make her money go as long as possible. ‘She’s taking Valium because she’s been near-breakdown with everything that’s going on. It’s frustrating that I can’t do more to help her.’ Fears are rife in Moscow that men will be called up for a war that has claimed more than 7,000 Russian lives to date, according to US estimates. Speaking under an assumed name, Sofia told of her worry that her son will be forced into what the Kremlin describes as a ‘special military operation’. Conscripts, including teenagers, have already been deployed among Russian troops engaged in the conflict, according to reports. ‘I do not want my son to participate in this war,’ Sofia said. ‘I am against war, I want peace and tranquillity. I don’t understand why the Russian people, who want to live in peace, should take part in this war. ‘All my friends and relatives are against the war.’ The couple had not been politically minded and the husband had been to Moscow during the pandemic with little hindrance to his movements. Now, however, Sofia is prepared to defy the Kremlin’s iron rule. ‘I still can’t believe that Putin took this step,’ she said. ‘I do not support the views of my government. I am outraged by the actions of my government. I support people who take to the streets with “no war” slogans. I’m ready to go out with them.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.