Kate Garraway has revealed why she believes the UK’s 2022 Eurovision entry Sam Ryder could avoid coming last, after the TikTok star was announced as the nation’s latest hope in the competition. It’s fair to say that the UK doesn’t have the best track record in the international singing contest, with James Newman scoring a disappointing zero points last year and finishing dead last. The UK didn’t fare that much better during the previous show in 2020, landing in last place with 11 points. Many Brits have high hopes for Sam with his song Space Man, with the singer soaring to fame on TikTok and boasting more than 12million followers on the video sharing platform. On Friday’s Good Morning Britain, while discussing Sam’s Eurovision campaign, presenter Charlotte Hawkins expressed her hope that the UK does better than in recent years. ‘I mean let’s just hope that we do better with that than we’ve done in previous years, because I hate to remind you of this, but we did come last, last year. We got nil points,’ she said. ‘It’s got a bit of a Scandinavian vibe. I reckon we might pick up points there,’ Kate remarked. Charlotte questioned if Kate thought that the ‘Scandinavian vibe’ could ‘swing it for us’, adding: ‘As long as we don’t come last, it’s got to be an improvement, hasn’t it?’ Ben Shephard then summarised Kate’s way of thinking, stating: ‘What you’re saying is, they’re trying to disguise our entry as an entry from Scandinavia so people don’t realise.’ Given how the UK has done in the previous two Eurovisions, suppose the tactic could be worth a shot! The news of Sam representing the nation at the show was announced on BBC Radio 1 on Thursday, with radio presenter Scott Mills saying: ‘I’m here to officially confirm everything. ‘This year, I’m behind our act…This year’s Eurovision entry 2022 is Space Man by Sam Ryder.’ Scott went on to plead with fans to ‘get behind’ Sam, pointing out: ‘We’re giving it our best shot’. Sam said: ‘Having been a fan of Eurovision since I was a kid l I am so honoured to have been presented with the opportunity to sing at an event alongside some of Europe’s most talented creatives, performers and songwriters. ‘I hope to sing my head off in a way the UK can be proud of, and to showcase a song I wrote with my friends last summer makes the whole experience even more special. See you in Turin legends!’ Sam gained traction online after he started posting covers at the start of lockdown in March 2020, with his cover of Adele’s Easy On Me racking up around 28million views. The musician started posting covers at the beginning of lockdown in March 2020, with his cover of Adele’s Easy On Me racking up around 28million views. At the end of that year, he was also crowned TikTok’s most popular artist account. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : With Sam Ryder, the UK might actually have a chance of winning Eurovision MORE : Eurovision 2022: Who is the UK’s act Sam Ryder after he shot to fame on TikTok? 