Strictly Come Dancing professional Nikita Kuzmin is over the moon after reuniting with his grandmother today. She travelled from Kyiv following attacks on the capital by Russia, and met with her grandson at the train station in Poland. Nikita, 24, shared a snapshot of an emotional day, praising his ‘incredibly brave and strong’ grandma for making the journey. He explained how she went two nights without sleeping and walked over 8km in the ‘freezing cold when on a normal day she can barely walk.’ ‘She traveled from Kiev, my mom flew from Rome and i drove from Frankfurt and we all reunited in Krakow! Just so happy to be together [sic],’ he wrote on Instagram. The pro posted a selfie with his grandmother, saying he wore sunglasses and covered her face with a heart sticker to hide ‘the lack of sleep.’ Unfortunately, Nikita’s aunt, grandma and grandpa are still in Ukraine. He added that, while he was waiting for his mother and grandma at the station, he wanted to be happy, but was hit for the first time with the reality of what was happening. ‘I’ve been immersed in this situation for the first time in real life. Although I know I should have been happy for my family, I couldn’t. Just had tears in my eyes, because of how sad the situation is. How many thousands of kids and women doing their absolute best to stay strong,’ he wrote. ‘I’ve seen people arriving from the border, people waiting for the next train to go somewhere, anywhere in hope that somehow things would be ok, people not knowing what to do, since all what they have known as home, it’s not there anymore.’ The Strictly star went on to praise ‘incredible people’ at organisations that are offering ‘food, temporary accommodation and transportation’ to those in need. ‘At the train station as soon as you arrive the volunteers give you next directions, water and food. And so so many other things which are behind the scenes,’ he shared, alongside a video. Nikita added that ‘people are so kind’ and these family reunions are only possible ‘if we continue to donate and help in any way possible.’ ‘There are still millions without water and food, not able to escape the city because of continuous bombing. Not sure if they are going to make it to see their kids and families again. ITS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW. This is nowhere near to be over and the best thing that you can do is help anyhow, just DO SOMETHING,’ he pleaded. Nikita then encouraged his followers to donate, drop off donations (but to check what is needed beforehand), donate medicines, support small businesses and ‘don’t stay silent.’ Just last week, the choreographer struggled to hold back his tears as he made a desperate appearance on Lorraine. Nikita said he was ‘struggling to compose himself’ following the conflict in his home country, urging the UK government to help the effort in Ukraine. He described the situation as ‘incredibly scary,’ but said it’s ‘so inspiring to see the Ukrainian people fight. Everyone’s coming together to defend our country.’ More than one million people have been forced to leave their homes behind since the war began in Ukraine when President Putin ordered the attack. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Wrong Said Fred’: Rob Rinder hits back after Right Said Fred question choice to help Strictly partner’s grandparents flee Ukraine MORE : Jeremy Clarkson crosses over Russian border with subtle Ukraine tribute during The Grand Tour filming 