Davina McCall shared her devastation over the news that her father Andrew McCall has died following a battle with Alzheimer’s. The former Big Brother presenter, 54, told fans about the death of her dad on Thursday by posting a sweet tribute about his life alongside a picture of the pair together. She explained he ‘took a turn for the worst’ on Sunday, and died the following evening. Davina began: ‘My Dad, Andrew, died on Monday night. He took a turn for the worse on Sunday but thankfully he wasn’t in pain. He was peaceful. I’m so grateful for that, and that we could be with him ..” ‘He was the best Dad I could ever wish for. My sister and I hit the jackpot. He always made time for us, opened his (and my amazing mummas) house to all our friends, temporarily adopted mates of mine that needed help. ‘He was a facilitator, always helping people with intros … he knew EVERYBODY. And they ALL loved him! I can’t imagine how many careers and businesses were started because of him. ‘ She continued: ‘The word legend has been used many times to describe my Dad. ‘He was a bon vivante, loved life, positive to the very end… “it just works” was one of the last phrases he was able to say as Alzheimer’s robbed him of the power of speech . ‘He lived life. He loved us. And we loved him. With all our hearts. He leaves an enormous hole in our lives.’ Andrew was a graphic designer and events organiser for Portsmouth Harbour. Davina’s famous pals and fans offered their condolences in the comments, with radio star Fearne Cotton writing: ‘I love you my friend. Prayers and love to you Dav. Here for you.’ Comedian John Bishop replied: ‘So sorry for you and all the family Davina. I know how much you loved him,’ with DJ Scott Mills adding: ‘Sending all my love Davina xxx.’ The TV host shared an update on his health last year, marking World Alzheimer’s Day in September by revealing he was living in a care home. Posting a photo with her step-mum Gabby by her father’s side, Davina wrote: ‘This is my Mum and Dad .. Dad ( Andrew … total legend ) has Alzheimer’s. ‘My mum has cared for him so brilliantly. He is now in a wonderful home, where they take amazing care of him. It’s been hard on my mum but she was at breaking point. ‘He is ok, but it is f**king heartbreaking this illness.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rosie Jones shares joy at being ‘big, gay, disabled princess in perfect dress’ at National Comedy Awards MORE : ITV pulls I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! and The Voice Kids from Russian TV during ongoing Ukraine invasion 