More than 150 British nationals are heading out to fight Russian forces who have invaded Ukraine, according to the leader of a battalion accepting foreigners into its ranks. Mamuka Mamulashvili, commander of the Georgian National Legion, said UK nationals had already joined his unit and others were following. He described the British volunteers as ex-military who are being split into groups mainly commanded by fighters from the UK who have previously served with the legion. The means of joining the fierce resistance in the increasingly bloody conflict was covered by Metro.co.uk on Monday, when we explained the arrangements in place. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘They are fighting today for western democracy and freedom,’ Mr Mamulashvili said. ‘Everybody is joining to fight for freedom because it’s the last red line.’ Mr Mamulashvili told Metro.co.uk before the full-blown invasion began how the legion was recruiting from overseas in anticipation of hostilities. The former Georgian military officer, a veteran of four previous conflicts against the Kremlin, gave an idea of what the new recruits can expect. ‘It’s full-scale war, they are using ballistic missiles, they are using air strikes,’ he said. ‘It’s a fight that up to now we have only seen in Hollywood movies.’ Established in 2014, when it supplied soldiers for the conflict with Russian-backed separatists in the eastern Donbass region, the legion now falls under the Kyiv Territorial Defence Force. A separate rallying call was made by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the weekend, calling on foreigners to join a new international brigade to resist Vladimir Putin’s invasion, which is now in its seventh day. Volunteers, some without military experience, turned up at the country’s embassy in London or spoke publicly about travelling to the war zone. Those trying to enrol at the diplomatic mission included gym owner Leon Dawson, 37, who has no prior service with the forces. Others, who have firm links to Ukraine, are said to include 10 special forces veterans, including three Brits trained in close combat and counterterrorism, who were apparently preparing to cross from Poland as of today. Paul Niland, who runs Lifeline Ukraine, a national suicide prevention hotline originally set up for veterans, has joined his local territorial defence in Kyiv. The Irishman, who has lived in the country for almost 20 years, said: ‘Anybody who thinks they should come here and join this fight, I salute them and admire their bravery, particularly in people who want to do this for a place they have no connection to. ‘But war is f****** hell, and as much as we admire all the support in lots of different ways my connection is that I’ve lived here for 19 years, this is my home. This has come to me and I’m simply standing my ground. ‘If people want to come voluntarily, I would advise them to really think twice, because it’s a hell of a situation. That said, anybody who can defend Ukraine in one way or another should defend Ukraine in one way or another.’ On Sunday, Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelenskyy called for foreign nationals to fight against ‘Russian war criminals’ and announced a special unit for international recruits. He said: ‘Anyone who wants to join the defence of Ukraine, Europe and the world can come and fight side by side with the Ukrainians against the Russian war criminals.’ The rallying cry was followed by Defence Secretary Ben Wallace advising people without military training or experience not to join the fighting. Mr Wallace said: ‘Unless you are properly trained, unless you are an experienced member of the armed forces, there are better ways for you to contribute to the security of Ukraine.’ Mr Wallace’s comments jarred with those of Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, who has expressed her support for those wanting to join the fight against Russia. Downing Street has also stopped short of encouraging would-be combatants to join the valiant defending forces. The Prime Minister’s spokesman said: ‘We think the best way we can help Ukraine right now is by ensuring Putin fails. ‘There are a number of ways that Brits can show their support, and the Ukrainian embassy in London is putting out information about how British people can support them. ‘We fully recognise the strength of feeling about British people wanting to support the Ukrainians following the Russian invasion. There’s advice up on travelling to Ukraine, we currently advise against travel to Ukraine.’ The Ukrainian government said five people were killed in a Russian strike on Kyiv’s main TV tower yesterday, which forced some broadcasts off air. An intensified wave of attacks and bombardment is widely expected to follow, with satellite images showing an armoured column stretching back 40 miles edging towards the capital. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.