Chris Kamara has admitted it’s ‘difficult’ to know what the future holds amid his health battle. The Sky Sports broadcaster – who has also confirmed Ninja Warrior is returning after a three-year break – revealed he has developed Apraxia of Speech after fans were concerned by his appearance on Soccer Saturday over the weekend, and now he’s given an update. Appearing on ITV’s Good Morning Britain, he said: ‘It’s difficult, because it’s neurological problem we don’t know, the experts don’t know. The brain is such a complex part of you that it’s hard to say whether it is the thyroid that puts this on. ‘Will it get better in time? I’m trying to use parts of my brain now – I have got one, to be honest – I’m trying to use parts of my brain that allows me speak fluently. I’m with a speech therapist and another therapist who’s trying his best.’ The 64-year-old star revealed he can still ‘singalong all day long at the normal pace’ of a song, but he can sometimes struggle when he’s speaking. Noting he was having a ‘good day’ as he appeared on Friday’s episode of the breakfast show, he added: ‘It’s quite incredible really. Singing is not a problem, you can sing along all day long at the normal pace of the song. but talking, when the Apraxia hits in, makes it really difficult. ‘I am not after sympathy, there’s so many people out there worse off than me, but I have come out and said it now. It’s there, and hopefully people will understand why I sound a little bit not like myself.’ Kammy recently said he might need to cut down on his presenting duties and ‘take a back seat’ from live TV, but fans will be delighted to know he’ll be back on screen with Ben Shephard and Rochelle Humes for the return of Ninja Warrior. ‘It’s incredible. I’m so excited. We thought it was finished, it wasn’t coming back, but have faith,’ he said. ‘After five years, we thought we would go forever, but then it stopped – but now we’re back!’ Although he couldn’t reveal much about the comeback, he teased a ‘slightly’ different format for the show, which comes from The Chase production company Potato. ‘This time around we’ll have a male winner and a female winner,’ he added. ‘The course might slightly change, the format might slightly change but it’ll still be big Ninja and as good and compelling viewing as ever.’ ‘I’m not sure I’m allowed to say the format, but it’s gonna be like a cup competition,’ he explained. ‘You might not see the best ninja win, but then again you might! I don’t know what I’m allowed to say!’ One thing’s for sure is even with any changes, fans shouldn’t expect to see Kammy finally step up to take on the course. ‘I’m an old man now,’ he laughed. ‘I have got an ironing board in my back, so Ican’t even bend down anymore, let alone do the course.’ Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Chris Kamara ‘to take a back seat’ from live TV after confirming health condition is behind slurred speech MORE : Sky Sports presenter Chris Kamara speaks out after concerning viewers with slurred speech on Soccer Saturday 