Sir Captain Tom Moore’s daughter has appeared on TV to tearfully deny allegations against the foundation set up in her father’s name. Last month, it emerged the charity set up in his honour is under investigation following claims it tried to make the war veteran’s daughter its CEO -and pay her a six-figure salary. The move, which was blocked by the Charity Commission, would have reportedly had seen Hannah Ingram-Moore receive a salary of £150,000 per year. That would have amounted to 13.68% of the foundation’s first year of income. The Foundation’s accounts have also come under scrutiny after it emerged the organisation spent more on management and consultancy fees than it gave out in grants during its first 12 months. Now, Mrs Ingram-Moore has told ITV’s This Morning that the family is ‘not hiding anything’ and has even accused the media of ‘damaging’ her late father’s legacy. Sir Tom became world-famous when he raised more than £38 million for the NHS during the coronavirus pandemic by walking 100 laps of his garden before his 100th birthday. Following the fund-raising feat and Sir Tom’s death last year, a charity was set up in his name to continue his legacy. Accounts for The Captain Tom Foundation, released earlier this year, showed more than £162,000 was paid out in admin costs, with £6,542 spent on office costs, £8,280 on IT and £32,275 on governance. Four £40,000 donations, amounting to £160, 000 were given to charities. A total of £50,000 was also given to two separate firms run by members of the Ingram-Moore family. Mrs Ingram-Moore told This Morning that the accounts were ‘a snapshot in time in the first year of the charity’ and denied all wrongdoing. She said the Foundation’s accounts were ‘independently audited’. When asked about the six-figure salary for being CEO Mrs Ingram-Moore said ‘the £150,000 is absolutely not true’. ‘What the trustees did was ask for a benchmarking: “Please tell us if we were to employ a CEO, what would be the benchmark? What’s the highest, what’s the lowest?” The highest happened to be £150,000,’ she said. Captain Tom’s daughter held back tears as she said: ‘We’re not hiding anything. ‘There’s nothing wrong, we haven’t made any false action, and I genuinely think, though, that the vast majority of people think that’. Mrs Ingram-Moore said the family had been ‘naïve’ but ‘not bad’ in setting up a charity in her father’s name and had done it out of ‘love’. ‘We stepped into this for love, for humanity, for allowing as many people as possible access to his legacy’, she said. ‘We never thought of the darkness, never. It never crossed our minds.’ ‘In the end, my father taught us resilience and humanity. Ultimately our ambition in his name is a world without ageism.’ Last month on the anniversary of her father’s death, Mrs Ingram-Moore told Metro.co.uk that the 100-year-old’s guiding wisdom was much missed at her family home in Marston Moretaine, Bedfordshire. A day to celebrate the war veteran’s legacy was planned to take place in June, to celebrate older generations and raise funds for organisations that support them. It is understood the day has been put on hold. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.