The rate of inflation has soared to its highest level in 30 years amid the spiralling cost of living. The figure has jumped from 5.5% in January to 6.2%, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS). It comes ahead of Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s ‘mini-budget’ statement today, when he is expected to cut fuel duty to help households feeling the squeeze. However, the finance minister has been urged to go a step further and stop a planned tax rise next month. Figures show Consumer Price Inflation is at its highest level in three decades, with the cost of goods leaving British factories at a 14-year high. Grant Fitzner, chief economist at the Office for National Statistics (ONS), said the price of everyday products from food and furniture to toys and games is going up. ‘Inflation rose steeply in February as prices increased for a wide range of goods and services, for products as diverse as food to toys and games,’ said Mr Fitzner. ‘Clothing and footwear saw a return to traditional February price rises after last year’s falls when many shops were closed. ‘Furniture and flooring also contributed to the rise in inflation as prices started to recover following new year sales. ‘The price of goods leaving UK factories has also been rising substantially and is now at its highest rate for 14 years.’ The ONS said the inflation rise has been driven by a broad range of items with particular pressure coming from food, durables, consumer goods and energy. Inflation is expected to rise again to 8% in the coming weeks as the impacts as the  global repercussions of Russia’s war on Ukraine are felt. UK inflation has been broadly in line with the EU average for the last year, while US inflation has risen considerably more quickly, reaching 8.1% in December 2021. Today’s rise comes after the Bank of England last week raised interest rates once again, to 0.75% from 0.5%, and warned inflation will now peak at around 8% in April – and could hit double-digits if wholesale energy prices continue to soar amid the Ukraine war. In April, Ofgem will hike the energy price cap by 54% and given the impact of Ukraine on gas prices, a further increase is expected in October, possibly by as much as another 50% Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.