Welcome back to How I Made It, Metro.co.uk’s weekly career journey series. This week we’re speaking to Willard Wigan MBE, a British sculptor who makes microscopic art. He’s the Guinness World Record holder for the world’s smallest hand sculptures, which are so tiny they often can’t be seen by the naked eye. It hasn’t been easy – growing up with dyslexia and autism meant he struggled at school and was left unsure of what was next. Now, he believes these learning differences have helped him get where he is today. With his mother’s encouragement and natural creative skill, he found sculpting. The 64-year-old, who lives in Birmingham, tells Metro.co.uk: ‘I now have a doctorate and an MBE, which I was awarded in 2007 – this has made me feel more qualified than school could ever make me. ‘The MBE helped me to find who I am, and it makes me feel honoured and proud, which spurs me to keep getting better. It made me finally feel accepted by the world.’ He’s now working with phone brand OPPO Find X3 Pro, which is the only smartphone able to capture his micro artworks. Willard works in a remarkable way – so here’s how he does it. Hey, Willard. How did you get in sculpting? I started sculpting accidentally when I was five years old. My dog was in the garden and destroyed an ants’ nest, and so I thought that the dog had destroyed the ants’ home. I felt that I had to save the ants and make them a new home – so I sculpted tiny homes for the ants using broken pieces of razor blades, twigs and splinters. My mother recognised that I was good at something, and she also recognised, though undiagnosed, my learning difference – so she encouraged me to get better at sculpting. As she had praised me for it, I became obsessed by making these tiny sculptures. My mother said that I needed to make the pieces smaller for my name to get bigger. That’s incredible. What kept you going with sculpting? Sculpting is a way for me to express myself, and it is something I keep challenging myself to get better at. I have difficulty with reading and writing – so sculpting allows me to find myself – I was lost before and didn’t have a sense of self. People are always amazed by my work – it shocks and surprises people – and I like the sense of joy which my sculptures bring to others. This keeps me going, as due to my autism, when people tell me I’m good at something, I want to keep going and improve. Did you do any formal art training? My skill is a natural ability; I was never taught how to sculpt. I left school with no qualifications. My teachers told me I’d amount to nothing, and they would often humiliate me. I stopped speaking at school because I felt so undervalued, but when the kids saw my work, they were so surprised by it and told me that my sculptures were amazing – this helped wash away the negativity that people spoke onto me and expected of me. I felt rejuvenated with encouragement from people’s surprise at my work. Why did you transition to making small and ‘unseen’ things – or was that always how you worked? I carve big things too, but small things are what really capture me. The smaller it is, the harder it is – and I like the challenge this presents. It just happened to become a job during my 20s. It all started when I did a wood carving at a tool shop in Birmingham of William Shakespeare. Someone saw it and commissioned it. This had a snowball effect – people would come in and ask me to make different sculptures of people and abstract things. I didn’t expect it to go this way, but it just did. I was then given a shopfront in the Arcadia in Birmingham, where I was the artist in residence. I have had several successful exhibitions since. As my work got smaller, my name got bigger. My work is not just art – it lies somewhere between science and art. Did you have to work as anything else alongside sculpting to make a living earlier on in your career? My creative side was always there, and I pursued this from an early age. After leaving school at 15 I worked in a factory until I could get by as a sculptor. Does having dyslexia and autism affect your work at all? If so, how do you manage it? Before I was diagnosed, my learning differences made me feel disorientated as I couldn’t communicate academically, but sculpting allowed me to articulate myself. Autism actually benefits my work, as it allows me to focus on my sculptures intensely. Society has a habit of expecting qualifications, so they see people who don’t have them as less able. I want to show the world what people with learning differences can do, and I see myself as a spokesperson for people with differences. My mother used to tell me that ‘the diamond is in the dustbin’. We tend to accept people because they have a qualification, not realising their other unique talents which aren’t a qualification, meaning the person they threw away was the diamond. I am inspired by people who underestimate me. I was told at the right time that I was good at something. I wouldn’t be who I am today without autism – my learning difference is a message for people never to underestimate, and the world shouldn’t write these people off. What do you love about your job? I like it when people can see and appreciate my work. I love it when I’ve finished a sculpture, as the process of making it is intense, so I struggle to enjoy the process of making it. I like the recognition from others and the praise which people give me. I like the drive and motivation to keep trying until I get it right. My work belongs to the world. I love the emotion my sculptures evoke from others. Something so small can drive such huge emotions. The queen told me she’d never had something so small which meant so much – a crown on the head of a pin – this was the proudest moment of my life. Receiving a doctorate was a huge honour. What do you dislike about it? The process of making it is very intense – I have to hold my breath and hold my pulse between my fingers while keeping my eyes open to ensure total precision, which makes me fatigued. I work at night to avoid external forces ruining my work, such as traffic. I work as though my life depends on it, which gives me the drive to work 17-hour days. Do you have an interesting career story to share? Email tanyel.mustafa@metro.co.uk to share. MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m a costume designer for TV and London’s West End shows’ MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m an heirloom detective and reunite people with lost items’ MORE : How I Made It: ‘I help people heal with horse therapy’