The bathroom may be the smallest room in the house, but it’s the one space where you need to go big on style – and even bigger on luxury. ‘It’s a massive spend, yet most homeowners go super-safe,’ says Mark Millar in his new TV makeover show, Dream Kitchens And Bathrooms. ‘Get that free-standing copper bath if you really love it, have underfloor heating and those beautiful ceramic tiles,’ says Mark. ‘The bathroom is the one place you can be brave and go bold.’ Here, Mark shares his top tips on achieving the bathroom of your dreams, whatever your budget. It’s time to move away from stark white, says Mark. ‘Bathrooms need to be practical but not clinical. They should be luxurious sanctuaries, places to regenerate, relax and spoil yourself. And they should reflect your personality, like any other room in the house. ‘Rich, dark colours work beautifully with brass and gold fittings – always buy the best quality taps you can afford. Wallpaper one of the walls with something decadent to make a bold statement (not around the shower, sink or bath, obviously) and add framed pictures on the walls. Plants are also an affordable and effective way to add interest and serenity.’ The right mirror can add serious style and glamour. Most people go for a boring, bog-standard mirrored cabinet to store all their toiletries. But you can get spectacular mirrors for the wall to add your stamp and personality. There are some seriously stylish hi-tech bathroom mirrors out there that incorporate lights and demisters. Or have a hunt around antiques markets for something more unique to make a statement. If you have an old picture frame you love, spray it and fit a mirror inside for an affordable but stylish update. Everyone wants warm feet when they walk into the bathroom, especially in winter. People think a heated towel rail will do the trick… it won’t, as it’s generally covered in wet towels. Underfloor heating is the way forward, says Mark. ‘These days it’s cheap to buy, easy to install and affordable to run. Check your floor covering is compatible first. Every bathroom needs underfloor heating, it really is a no-brainer.’ Never underestimate the importance of good lighting. People make the mistake of flooding a bathroom with downlights, but who wants to feel like they’re in a dentist’s chair when trying to relax in the bath? Task lights are important as there’s nothing more difficult or unflattering than shaving or applying make-up with a dazzling light directly overhead. Wall lights either side of the mirror are great and add style and atmosphere. Bathrooms are used differently at different times of day. In the morning it’s getting ready for work and the kids are brushing their teeth. In the evening you want to relax and you need soft lighting, so get a dimmer switch. ‘It’s worth spending on beautiful porcelain tiles to create that special, jaw-dropping effect every time you walk into your bathroom,’ says Mark. ‘Shop around (prices vary vastly!) and get the tiles you love, not the ones you think will be best for resale – that’s how regrets are made. ‘Tile the whole bathroom for drama or for a more affordable option, tile just one feature wall, around the bath, inside the shower or around the sink to make a statement. Use ceramic tiles on the floor as they are more hard-wearing.’ Vanity units with storage cupboards or drawers beneath are very on trend and are great for keeping bathroom surfaces clear of clutter, says Mark. ‘They are also expensive. If you’re on a budget, reuse a chest of drawers or cabinet you might already have. Or pick one up from eBay, a charity shop or car boot sale and fit it out to hold your basin. Paint it and add a resin or statement stone top. It’s a great way to have a unique item of furniture in your bathroom and a great talking point to impress your guests.’ Maximise the sense of space by ensuring everything is ‘floating’ and not sitting on the floor, advises Mark. ‘That includes elevated toilets, sink units, radiators and a free-standing bath on legs. It’s also very practical as it’s easier to mop the floor.’ A good extractor stops condensation steaming up the mirror when you use the bathroom and will prevent mould build-up. ‘Buy the best you can afford,’ says Mark. ‘It’s a good investment. An inline grill system inside the bathroom will vent the wet air outside. It’s very important to check the decibel levels before you buy, so you get one that doesn’t disturb your peaceful bath.’ And Mark’s final piece of advice? ‘You’ve spent all that money to make this your sanctuary so do yourself a favour – put a lock on the door so you can enjoy it in peace!’ Dream Kitchens and Bathrooms with Mark Millar, tonight at 7pm on Channel 5. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : DIY SOS star Mark Millar shares his expert tips to designing the perfect kitchen MORE : DIY couple reveal how to create a stylish panelled wall for just £29 MORE : DIY newbie turns plain beige house into gloriously colourful wonderland while furloughed