A black schoolgirl who was strip searched while on her period after being wrongly suspected of carrying drugs is to sue the Met Police. The 15-year-old is also taking civil action against her school in Hackney, where the ‘traumatic’ search took place without any adults present and in the knowledge that she was menstruating, a safeguarding report found. Speaking via her lawyers, the young woman said she wanted ‘cast-iron commitments to ensure this never happens again’ to any other child. The girl, known as Child Q, also thanked people ‘all over the world’ who had reached out to offer her support. Hundreds of people turned out to a protest at Stoke Newington Police Station on Friday afternoon chanting ‘protect black girls’. Speaking out for the first time about the case, the girl said that after everything she had been through ‘I know I am not alone’. ‘I want to thank the thousands of people across the world of all backgrounds who have offered me support – both publicly and through messages conveyed to my legal team – following everything I’ve been through,’ she said. ‘I know I am not alone.’ A safeguarding report published earlier this week concluded the search at the end of 2020 was unjustified and racism was ‘likely’ an influencing factor. Family members described the girl, known only as Child Q, as changing from a ‘happy-go-lucky girl’ to a ‘timid recluse’ who hardly speaks, self-harms and needs therapy. Scotland Yard has issued an apology and admitted the incident ‘should never have happened’. Officers arrived at the school after being called by teachers, who said they were concerned the teenager had drugs because she smelt of cannabis. She was taken to the medical room and strip searched by two female officers, while teachers remained outside. MORE : We’ll never forget Child Q: Black girls are terrified about this happening to them too MORE : No apology will ever be enough for me to forgive the police for what they did to Child Q During the ordeal, her intimate body parts were exposed and she was asked to take off her sanitary towel. No drugs were found. She was then sent home by taxi and later shared her distress with her mother. Her family strongly believe the strip search was a racist incident, and a Local Child Safeguarding Practice Review found her experiences are ‘unlikely to have been the same’ had she not been black. It said it is highly likely that ‘adultification bias’ was a factor – where adults perceive black children as being older than they are because they see them as more ‘streetwise’. Three police officers have been investigated for misconduct by the Independent Office for Police Conduct, which is finalising its report. The girl is being represented by Chanel Dolcy, a solicitor at Bhatt Murphy specialising in police misconduct, as well as Florence Cole, an Education and Community Care solicitor at Just for Kids Law. Ms Dolcy said: ‘Child Q has launched civil proceedings against the Metropolitan Police and relevant school. ‘She seeks to hold both institutions to account including through cast-iron commitments to ensure this never happens again to any other child. ‘The Metropolitan Police has seemed incapable of reform for generations, and it is difficult to say that will ever change. ‘Nevertheless, this is a pivotal time for the Metropolitan Police as it awaits the appointment of a new Commissioner.’ The Met’s outgoing commissioner, Dame Cressida Dick, was effectively forced to resign last month following a series of scandals which damaged the force’s battered reputation – including the rape and murder of Sarah Everard by a serving officer. Dame Cressida quit after London Mayor Sadiq Khan put her on notice because he no longer had confidence in her leadership. In the statement released through her lawyers, Child Q called on Mr Khan and Home Secretary Priti Patel to find a replacement who can tackle the Met’s ‘institutional racism and sexism’. Ms Dolcy said: ‘Child Q’s family are calling on the Home Secretary and Mayor of London to ensure that only someone willing to declare publicly the persistence of institutional racism and institutional sexism in the Met Police is appointed as the new Met Commissioner. ‘Child Q’s family expect the new Commissioner to include affected communities in designing a plan to rid the force of these diseases and to affect that plan as a priority.’ Ms Cole added: ‘This is an appalling, shocking case which illustrates wider problems in schools and communities about the treatment of black children which unfortunately is systemic; and the lack of safeguarding and the failure to recognise the ripple effects of trauma that follows, long after such an ordeal. ‘As the Government sets guidance for schools, we strongly urge it to learn from the failings in this case.’ Met Police Commander Dr Alison Heydari said: ‘While we await the findings of the IOPC investigation, we have already taken action to ensure that our officers and staff have a refreshed understanding of the policy for conducting a ‘further search’ and advice around dealing with schools, ensuring that children are treated as children.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.