Pete Davidson has seemingly revealed a new tattoo inked in honour of his girlfriend Kim Kardashian as his feud with her ex-husband Kanye West rages on. In a since-deleted post shared this weekend, comic Dave Sirus – a longtime collaborator of Pete’s – appeared to release messages exchanged between his friend and Kanye, in which the Saturday Night Live comedian seemingly urged the rapper to ‘calm down’. At one point in the conversation, the Stronger musician is thought to have asked Pete: ‘Where are you right now?’, to which he replied: ‘In bed with your wife,’ alongside a selfie of himself lying down and sticking his tongue out to the camera, while gesturing with a peace sign. Several people who took a close look at the photo of Pete spotted what looked like Kim’s name inked on the right-hand side of the 28-year-old’s chest on top of another design. Fans discussing the supposed tattoo on Reddit admitted that they were finding it hard to keep up with the latest developments regarding Pete’s romance with Kim and rivalry with Kanye, as one commented: ‘I’m screaming. Today is so much information.’ ‘I seriously think I need to unsub for a bit just because this is getting too overwhelming and I need peace in my life,’ someone else stated. Kim and Pete were first romantically linked in October 2021 after the reality star appeared on SNL, with the pair sharing a kiss during an Aladdin-themed skit. He referred to the Skims entrepreneur as his girlfriend last month for the first time, with Kim taking their relationship Instagram official in a recent series of pictures. The couple’s blossoming romance has been plagued by continued tension with Kanye, now known formally as Ye. The musician recently sparked backlash when he released a music video in which he was shown burying a claymation head made to look like Pete. The rapper later appeared to address the controversy, writing in a social media post: ​​‘Art is therapy just like this view. Art is protected as freedom of speech. ‘Art inspires and simplifies the world. Art is not a proxy for any ill or harm. Any suggestion otherwise about my art is false and mal intended.’ Kim was recently declared legally single amid her divorce proceedings with Kanye and will be dropping ‘West’ from her full name after filing for divorce in February 2021. Kim and Kanye share four children together: North, Saint, Chicago and Psalm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kanye West ‘gets violent towards Pete Davidson’ in second Eazy music video after sparking backlash MORE : Kanye West calls out Kim Kardashian over daughter North’s TikTok videos: ‘I said never again’ 