Mariah Carey was left red-faced after sending a bizarre message to Shawn Mendes on St Patrick’s Day. The When You Believe hitmaker was among the millions around the world celebrating the Irish holiday on Thursday, as she and her family engaged in old traditions to mark the big day. No, not going to a parade, a party or to mass – it seems the Careys uphold slightly different traditions. Each year on St Patrick’s Day, Mariah and her cousin Shawn text each other ‘Happy thanksgiving’ as a funny joke (guess you had to be there). Only, this year, she text the wrong Shawn. The star took to Twitter where she shared a screenshot of texts between the pair, with Mariah sending her silly little Thanksgiving message only to realise her mistake a moment later and add: ‘Wrong Shawn. Sorry. ‘Also, I do realize it is NOT Thanksgiving. Haha.’ Shawn, though no doubt a bit bewildered, was a good sport about it all – which is fair, considering he did just get a text from Mariah freaking Carey of all people. The Senorita singer replied: ‘hahahaha that’s okay i figured it was an inside joke (sic).’ Sharing the potentially embarrassing mix-up to social media, the Hero singer explained: ‘My cousin Shawn M and I have this silly joke where we tell each other Happy Thanksgiving on St. Patrick’s Day. ‘@ShawnMendes found out about it today.. sorry Shawn!! Mariah seems to making a new tradition out of texting or tagging the wrong people: in November, the singer suffered an almighty blunder on Twitter while announcing her new Christmas song. She had teamed up with musicians Khalid and Kirk Franklin for new song Fall In Love At Christmas, and tagged her collaborators in the announcement. At least, she thought she had. Mariah actually tagged the wrong Khalid in the tweet, accidentally sending her 21 million followers to the page of a random person with 115 followers and a single tweet: ‘wats up.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nick Cannon makes ‘desperate plea to win back ex-wife Mariah Carey’ on romantic Valentine’s Day song MORE : Shirtless Shawn Mendes shows off his muscles as he takes a dip in the Miami ocean 