Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky says between 500 and 600 Russian troops surrendered yesterday alone. Vladimir Putin’s forces are thought to be suffering from low morale, with many running short on food and fuel supplies. Many troops appear to have been kept in the dark over the Russian tyrant’s true intentions, with one platoon claiming they didn’t think they had been sent to kill as they laid down their arms. In an attempt to embarrass the Kremlin, the Ukrainian defence ministry even invited Russian mums to come and pick up their captured sons. Western leaders say Russia didn’t secure the swift victory expected by many, with an armoured convoy stalling outside Kyiv for over a week. But now the 40 mile long line of military vehicles is on the move again, spreading out into surrounding forests and villages in an attempt to encircle the capital. It is not clear if anyone has been able to independently verify Zelensky’s claim on the number of Russians who surrendered on March 11. The same goes for the number of Russian and Ukrainian troops killed in the conflict – with estimates by Moscow and Kyiv different substantially. Julia Ioffee, a Russian-born American journalist, told The ReidOut on Thursday that Russians are being ‘completely cut off’ from the truth about what’s happening in Ukraine. It comes as Putin carries out a ruthless crackdown on independent news outlets, while also waging war with Western social media companies. ‘[Russians] think or are being told the war is just in the Donbas, that there are very minimal casualties on the Russian side, that the Russian side is being incredibly generous and careful with the civilians,’ Ms Ioffee said. ‘Of course none of this is true but that’s what Russians are being told and there is no other narrative. ‘They’re basically shutting their population off completely from the reality of this war. What Russians are seeing of this war is not what we’re seeing.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.