Maybe it’s down to Bridgerton and the regal vibes we’re now embracing, because suddenly pearl is everywhere. Coveted brand Missoma has just launched a collection centred around pearls, and Astrid & Miyu recently made pearls a focal part of their recycled vintage range with Susan Caplan. It’s filtering down to the High Street too, with brands like Orelia and Topshop having plenty of pearl items. Whether you want to invest in a statement piece or try the trend in a less financially committal way, there’s an item for you. These are some of our top picks. Buy for £35 from Orelia. Dual asymmetric chains are in, so with this piece you’re hitting two trends at once. Get it for £26 from Oliver Bonas. For a subtle pearl option, try these huggie earrings that will work against other piercings. Buy for £715 from Monica Vinader. Pearls don’t have to be dainty and ultra-femme – this vintage layered chain makes a strong statement. Buy for £125 from Missoma. Make them look twice with these mismatched drop pair. Buy for £10 from ASOS. Stack this with shorter necklaces for a layered look. Buy for £69 from Astrid & Miyu. These pearl drops can come off, leaving the hoops plain, and then just as easily be linked back on. Try adding one of the pearls to a plain chain for a makeshift necklace. Buy for £17 from & Other Stories. Bracelets are cool again – so wear this with a watch for a pretty finishing touch. Buy for £150 from Selfridges. Rake in the compliments with this 22ct yellow gold-plated ring. Buy for £65 from Selfridges. The shell design may make these seem gimmicky, but they look so dainty and elegant on ears. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Pat McGrath releases Bridgerton inspired makeup collection MORE : Vintage jeweller Susan Caplan collaborates again with Astrid & Miyu – after the first collection sold out in hours MORE : Swirly nails and wavy tips are everywhere right now – these are some of our favourite designs