Drivers could soon have to pay £2.40 for a litre of petrol and £3 for diesel as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine sends prices soaring. Even before the conflict, Brits were already facing a cost of living crisis, and knock-on effects from Vladimir Putin’s assault are set to make things worse. On Monday, an average litre of petrol in the UK hit another record high, of 163.7p, up from 148p a month ago. It meant the cost of filling a typical 55-litre family car with petrol exceeded £90 for the first time. The average cost of diesel hit a record of 173.7p per litre, up from 151.6p one month before. Speaking to Parliament’s Treasury Committee on Monday, director of research at Energy Aspects, Dr Amrita Sen, warned petrol prices could rise to around £2.40 a litre. She told MPs that diesel prices of ‘£2.50 – even closer to £3’ were ‘definitely in the realms of possibility’. Nathan Piper, head of oil and gas research at financial services company Investec, warned that drivers ‘need to get ready for what could be continued increases in fuel prices.’ He added: ‘If more stringent actions are imposed upon Russia, and five million barrels a day is truly taken out of the market, then oil prices would really have no ceiling.’ The price of crude oil has dropped bellow $100 (£77) a barrel for the first time since March. But petrol prices haven’t reflected this, and experts warn the fall could just be a  ‘lull before the storm’. Shanti Kelemen chief investment officer at M&G Wealth said lockdowns in China, including in major manufacturing cities such as Shenzen, have contributed to the drop in crude oil prices. He told BBC Radio 4’s Today Programme: ‘China is a huge importer of energy and if a lot of their manufacturing is closed down because they are trying to maintain this zero Covid policy that will reduce the demand for oil in the short term. ‘I think we will continue to see a lot of volatility depending on the news we get out of Ukraine, and then also what evolves in China over the next few weeks.’ The AA’s fuel price spokesman Luke Bosdet said a 10.6p per litre fall in wholesale costs last week produced ‘bizarre price anomalies’. He said: ‘In one town this weekend, filling a tank at one forecourt was more than a pound cheaper than directly across the road at another. ‘They normally match each other but the petrol station resupplied earlier in the week at the much higher price was nearly deserted while its neighbour had a small queue. ‘Unless the price of oil takes off again this week, the AA expects these wild pump prices to stabilise this week and even fall back at fuel stations that were supplied at peak prices but will eventually get cheaper deliveries.’ Analysis by Labour suggests the average family in Britain faces an annual rise of £386 in petrol costs. The party has renewed calls for the Government to scrap its planned national insurance rise and to back a ‘one-off windfall tax’ on the profits of oil and gas producers. Shadow transport secretary Louise Haigh said Labour’s analysis revealed ‘a savage extra cost for millions of working people’. ‘The Conservatives could help working people being hit hard by soaring prices – instead they’ve rejected the choice of a one-off windfall tax on oil and gas producers raking in billions,’ she said. ‘And to add insult to injury, within weeks they want to clobber families with a huge tax hike.’ The 1.25% increase in National Insurance, due to come in from April, is expected to raise £12billion per year to help tackle the backlog in the NHS left by the Covid pandemic and to reform the social care system. Chancellor Rishi Sunak has announced a £200 deferred energy payment and a £150 council tax rebate for some households to help ease the squeeze on the cost of living. A Government spokesman said: ‘The global price of crude oil has increased sharply over the past year, leading to increased petrol prices across the world, not just in the UK. But we will do everything we can to mitigate that and to help the people of this country. ‘The £12 billion in support that we’ve already announced to help with the cost of living includes a freeze on fuel duty for the 12th year in a row – the longest sustained freeze in British history.’ Boris Johnson is visiting the UAE and Saudi Arabia today in a bid to help reduce Europe’s dependency on Russian oil and gas in light of the Ukraine crisis. The Prime Minister is expected to persuade the Gulf states to increase their production of oil and gas to help the world further sever ties with Moscow. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.