As one pair of newlyweds enjoyed the happiest day of their lives at the Manchester Hotel this week, they welcomed a very unexpected guest – rapper Stormzy. The Vossi Bop hitmaker, 28, stumbled across the big event as he headed back to the hotel, stopping to greet the guests and take some sweet selfies. Stormzy – real name Michael Ebenezer Kwadjo Omari Owuo Jr – looked thrilled to share in the big day (or, in the immortal words of Busted, glad he crashed the wedding) before he headed to his headline show in Manchester. The star cut a casual figure as he donned a black tracksuit, while the bride looked absolutely stunning in a white gown and veil. The bridesmaids, who were dressed in gorgeous scarlet numbers and clutching beautiful bouquets, couldn’t resist a snap with the iconic star either. Safe to say they’re going to have some very unique wedding snaps. Stormzy’s not the first star to give some newlyweds a day to remember, after Tom Hanks also managed to crash a wedding last year. The Toy Story actor just happened to be in the area when he came across brides Diciembre and Tashia Farries as they tied the knot on Santa Monica Pier. Even more adorably, Tom seemed even more thrilled that it was a same-sex wedding and exclaimed: ‘Oh get out! My stock just exploded.’ Meanwhile, aside from crashing weddings, Stormzy is currently smashing his delayed Heavy Is The Head UK tour. It was definitely worth the wait, as he announced that his highly-anticipated third album is coming this year. He said in a video aired during his set at the Motorpoint Arena, that gave an insight into the recording process of the forthcoming record: ‘This is the album of my dreams. This album is deeper than man could ever imagine. I’m free.’ The clip, which showed the Croydon-born star in the studio, concluded by confirming the album will arrive this year and is available for pre-order now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stormzy confirms he’s blessing us with highly-anticipated third album later this year MORE : Stormzy’s publishing company launches school events to teach children about finances 