Ninety children have been killed and more than 100 have been injured since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine began, officials say. Russian troops have bombed nurseries and shelled families trying to escape during ceasefires. The International Criminal Court is carrying out a war crimes investigation after repeated attacks on hospitals, schools and residential areas. Russia denies targeting civilians in what it calls a ‘special operation’ to demilitarise and ‘de-Nazify’ Ukraine. Its troops have shelled teenagers playing football and shot children dead, according to multiple reports. Children have been killed in the highest numbers around Kyiv, Kharkiv, Donetsk, Chernihiv, Sumy, Kherson, Mykolayiv and Zhytomyr, the office of the Ukraine’s general prosecutor said in a statement. It comes amid news a pregnant woman injured when Russian forces shelled a hospital has died along with her baby. A photo showing the woman being carried through the wreckage on a stretcher appeared on front pages around the world last week. Surgeon Timur Marin said she suffered injuries to her pelvis and hip. The baby was delivered via caesarean section but showed ‘no signs of life’. Medics said the woman cried out ‘kill me now’ when she realised she was losing the baby. Three others including a child died in the strike, which hit the maternity and children’s wards at the hospital in Mariupol. Hundreds of thousands of trapped residents in the besieged southeastern city are struggling to find food, water and medicine. Evacuation buses and supply convoys have repeatedly had to turn back after intense shelling. Ukraine says more than 2,500 civilians have been killed in the city. The International Committee of the Red Cross said the suffering in Mariupol was ‘simply immense’. ‘Dead bodies, of civilians and combatants, remain trapped under the rubble or lying in the open where they fell,’ the Red Cross said. ‘Life-changing injuries and chronic, debilitating conditions cannot be treated.’ It is now almost three weeks since Russia invaded its neighbour. One of the first civilian victims named in the conflict was a schoolgirl – Polina. She was in her final year of primary school. Russian saboteurs shot the 10-year-old and her parents dead in their family car as they tried to escape Kyiv on February 26. Her five-year-old brother died from his injuries earlier this month. The UN has confirmed 636 civilian deaths, among them 46 children. The true number is likely to be far higher. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.