A ‘devil-obsessed’ sex predator has been jailed for life after killing a woman as a ‘sacrifice of an innocent’ and attacking two others in London. Brian Sengendo beat and stabbed Therasia Gordon, a sex worker from Edmonton, before raping her as she lay dead or dying. Her body was found two days later by a cyclist in a wooded area in Burntfarm Ride in Enfield, north London. The Old Bailey heard the 27-year-old, who worked as a delivery driver, kidnapped vulnerable women, including sex workers, by ‘tricking’ them into his van. Hours before murdering Ms Gordon in August 2020, he had filmed himself having sex with a woman and ordering her to grab two kitchen knives and join him on a demonic ‘mission’. Sengendo snarled to one of his victims: ‘I have got you now, you are not going anywhere. If you move I’m going to … kill you.’ He sadistically threatened another: ‘This is what’s going to happen – I’m going to rape you and I’m going on enjoy raping you and you will do what I say otherwise I’m going to kill you.’ Police first became aware after a resident of New Park Avenue reported an assault in an alleyway behind his house in the middle of the night. He had heard a female voice shouting out ‘Help, please, no!’ and saw a young man striking something inside a van, the court heard. When police arrived, the van had gone but officers found a large pool of blood on the ground, a mobile phone and two bloodstained knives. From nearby CCTV cameras, they identified a white Vauxhall Vivaro van which was linked to the defendant’s former address in Enfield, and he was arrested in the early hours of August 7 last year. His T-shirt was recovered from the scene of where he attacked Ms Gordon and DNA testing linked it to her, defendant and the saliva of another victim. Despite incriminating DNA and CCTV evidence, the defendant claimed a colleague called ‘KT’ must have taken his clothing and the spare keys to his van. Reading a victim impact statement in court on Friday, Ms Gordon’s mum Jan Munday said she will ‘never come to terms’ with what Sengendo did to her child. ‘I can’t understand why this man made my family live through Theresia’s murder day after day through a long and difficult crown court trial’, she added. ‘He knew what he had done but continued to make my family suffer. ‘As a family, we will never get over the fact that I have lost a daughter and they have lost their sibling. He has left a big hole in my heart.’ Sengendo, from Gilbert Street, in Enfield, was convicted of seven charges, including the murder of Ms Godon, as well as attempted murder, kidnap, and rape. The jury was discharged from reaching verdicts on two other counts of kidnap and threatening with a knife in relation to a fourth woman. Following his conviction, he ‘confessed’ to the offences to a psychiatrist but blamed his social isolation, unemployment and drug and drink abuse for his horrific actions. On Friday, Judge John Hillen handed Sengendo a life sentence with a minimum term of 42 years for the murder. He imposed four discretionary life sentences for two kidnaps, rape and attempted murder plus determinate terms of prison for making threats to run concurrently. Judge Hillen highlighted the vulnerability of sex workers, citing recent figures identifying 152 being murdered since 1990. He told the defendant: ‘Sex workers – women, men, transgender – remain and will remain vulnerable. ‘It is that vulnerability you took advantage of when you set out on a determined effort to kidnap, to rape, ultimately to kill a sex worker and then to violate sexually the dead or dying body.’ The judge also rejected the explanation to the psychiatrist saying Sengendo was a ‘proven liar and manipulator’ who had never revealed what sparked the attacks, whether because he was robbed or due to ‘sexual inadequacy or failure’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.