A step-mum has revealed how her dumpster-diving hobby has led to her finding an impressive £15,000 worth of stuff, including houseplants, Wusthof knives, sweets and Le Creuset pots. Kathleen Elizabeth, from Philadelphia, PA, US, has been taking part in this budget-boosting past-time for three years. She spends between two and four hours a week searching through her local wheelie bins. As a result, 47-year-old Kathleen hasn’t had to buy any sweets or chocolate for the past year after finding a bin full of ‘peeps’ marshmallow candy after the Easter sales. She’s even found costlier items, such as Wusthof knives worth £530 ($700), an All-Clad pan set worth £1500 ($2,000), and Le Creuset cast iron pans worth £455 ($600). She said: ‘I started dumpster diving out of curiosity after watching videos on YouTube. ‘I wanted to see how much big stores wasted and was shocked at the true value of items that got destroyed or thrown away for no reason. ‘It’s crazy how much effort goes into an item just for it to get thrown away over a little scratch, damaged packaging, or a sell-by date. ‘I usually go and have a look in the local bins every Wednesday and Friday evening, and I always end up coming back with quite a few items. ‘From there, I either sell what I’ve found, or keep it for myself.’ The step-mum-of-two has also made money off some of her finds by selling them online and has so far made just under £3,800 ($5,000). Kathleen said: ‘One of my favourite finds was the Le Creuset pots, they were in perfect condition, and I actually use them at home myself. ‘I’ve found a lot of homeware items, the shop Pottery Barn actually wastes quite a few items. ‘I’ve picked up a range of lamps from their bins worth anywhere between £150 ($199) and £250 ($331). ‘I love finding food, from fruit to packaged snacks like crisps and chocolate. ‘I once found a whole bin full of left-over Easter candy worth around £380 ($500) altogether. ‘I also pick up a lot of seltzers, bottled water, and milk. ‘My husband Matt, 52, doesn’t mind eating binned foods, and I haven’t told the kids yet. ‘I’d never let someone eat something I wouldn’t eat myself.’ Kathleen’s successful hauls have also seen her go away with cat and dog food for her pets, makeup and even holiday cards from Christmas to Halloween. She added: ‘I’ve found quite a few clothes, as well as a bin bag of about 300 pairs of socks. ‘Sometimes they’ll have rips and things in which I try to fix and will often donate certain items afterwards. ‘I never take more than I can carry, and always make sure to leave some for the next person who may be rummaging through the trash. ‘I always make sure to keep a track of what it is that I’ve found in the bins and have actually sent complaints to the companies involved about their ridiculous waste.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Couple finds pearl ‘worth thousands’ while eating clam dinner MORE : Antiques Roadshow: Couple stunned to find Cartier set heirloom worth £40,000 MORE : Inside Oscars 2022 gift bags worth over $100,000 – from actual land plots in Scotland to multiple holidays and surgery treatments