A devastated daughter will collect her dad’s share of a £7.9 million lottery win, after he died before he could claim the money. Andrew Gillon had spent years playing the People’s Postcode Lottery in Wishaw, North Lanarkshire. He had hoped to win enough to treat his family to a well-deserved holiday. Golden envelopes finally made their way through letterboxes along the length and breadth of his street, Shaw Crescent, this year. But it was too late for Andrew, who tragically died at the start of January. The 59-year-old had suffered a broken neck after a fall at a friend’s house on New Year’s Eve. He died on January 7 during an operation in hospital. Daughter Lisa Thomas was shocked at the news of her dad’s win – but now thinks the news could be a poignant final message. Lisa, 32, told the Daily Record: ‘When I got it confirmed, I felt absolutely devastated at first. ‘I could just hear the excited phone call from him telling me he had won and I know his first thought would be to book us all a holiday. ‘Now I still feel sad that he’s not here to enjoy this with us, but I also feel some excitement for him and I’m sure he has had something to do with this. ‘There have been so many “signs” since he left us and I’m certain he is watching saying ,”I told you so.”‘ Andrew, who had been a long term employee of Scottish Water, had won a £8,092 share of the wider £7.9 million jackpot spread across his postcode area. A huge fan of the Postcode Lottery, his very first Christmas card last year had been from the organisation. Lisa added: ‘I was laughing at him for his first Christmas card being from them. ‘All I remember him saying is, “Well you won’t be laughing when I win!” and he was right I wasn’t laughing, I was crying.’ Lisa hopes to spend the money on a holiday to Florida, just like her dad would have wanted. She said: ‘That’s where we got married and I have loads of amazing memories there with my dad. ‘I’ve been five times and never without my dad being there so it will be a a sore one, but I know that’s where he would want to go.’ Another bittersweet lottery win came for the Slater family, in Essex, last year. News of their £30,000 win came shortly after the loss of their son, Steve, to coronavirus. Mum Susan vowed to use her winnings for a ‘big memorial’ and holiday for her remaining family. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.