A pensioner who came within seconds of being buried at sea after falling desperately ill with malaria while serving with the RAF during World War II has celebrated his 100th birthday. Harry Oxman received the last rites as his fellow servicemen prepared a body bag to throw him overboard off the coast of Africa when he was just 22 back in 1944. He had slipped into a coma and was only saved when he let out a cough. The now retired shipyard worker, from Sunderland, was so unwell it took him another five years to fully recover from the disease. Harry said: ‘I was in a coma for two days. When I pulled out, the medical officer said, “I was certain you were dying”.’ His granddaughter Sophie Butler said: ‘He often tells his family, “I am still breathing so today is a good day”.’ Sophie, who was planning to travel from Manchester to surprise her granddad with a birthday cake, added: ‘He still does his own gardening and that’s what keeps him going. He plays chess as well. He has had an amazing life.’ His remarkable tale began when he was born in Sunderland in 1922. Harry’s dad, Bernard Oxman, was an aircraft fitter and his young son loved learning about planes. Shortly after World War II broke out, he signed up for the RAF, joining in November 1940 aged just 18. He started as a trainee 2nd pilot the following February and had to move to Blackpool. Harry joined the Mosquito fighter planes, but the engine noise made him air sick, so he was assigned as a navigator for the Sunderland Flying Boat. Once trained he was dispatched to the West Coast of Africa in August 1941. He was on submarine patrol and would fly up to the north near Free Town and down to the south at the Belgium Congo taking out enemy submarines. Harry’s war ended when he became seriously ill, but his love of flying continued at Usworth after his recovery from malaria. He even broke a duration record for a thermal flight in a glider of five hours and 15 minutes. Harry had five children with wife Vera, who he’d married in 1943 but sadly lost in 2008. He also lost his only daughter, Sheila, to a brain tumour in 2014. Harry has 13 grandchildren and seven great grandchildren, with an eighth on the way. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.