Traci Braxton has died following a year-long battle with cancer, at the age of 50. The actress, who had starred in Sinners Wanted, There’s a Stranger in my House and Chaaw, was the sister of singer Toni Braxton, 54. According to reports from TMZ, Braxton had been ‘quietly’ battling cancer for a year and died on Friday. The Braxton Family Values star was reportedly surrounded by her mother and sisters when she died. Braxton is survived by her sisters, husband Kevin Surratt and their son Kevin Jr. Her son confirmed the news on Instagram, sharing a photo of the two of them in an embrace as he wrote: ‘When I heard the news about my mother being sick first thing she said was I’m going to fight and beat this. ‘She fought to the end and today she’s at peace. I love my mother forever and this hurts so much but I’m at peace knowing she’s isn’t in pain anymore. ‘I love you ma I’m going to miss you.’ Sister Toni shared a tribute from the family alongside a photo of all of them together, writing: ‘It is with the utmost regret that we inform you of the passing of our sister, Traci. ‘Needless to say, she was a bright light, a wonderful daughter, an amazing sister, a loving mother, wife, grandmother and a respected performer. We will miss her dearly. ‘Traci passed this morning as the snow was falling, our angel is now a snowflake. ‘We ask that you respect our privacy as we plan to send her home with love, celebrating her life. We are family forever. Love, The Braxton Family.’ Braxton had appeared on the family’s reality show for its full run from 2011 to 2020, as well as recording a hit song, Last Call. She had been one of five sisters, alongside Toni, Towanda, Tamar and Trina, and had an older brother called Michael. It had been announced last year that Braxton Family Values would return for another series after moving from its original network, We TV, to a new channel, but sister Towanda confirmed last month that plans had fizzled out and the show was finished for good. The family had been through tough times in recent years, with niece Lauren Braxton, daughter of Michael Braxton, dying in 2019 at the age of 24 following a heroin overdose and fentanyl intoxication. Sister Tamar was also rushed to hospital in July 2020 after a suicide attempt, but was saved by boyfriend David Adefeso, who found her unresponsive at the Ritz Carlton Residences in Los Angeles. She had opened up about her mental health battle following her release from hospital, thanking him for helping to save her life that day, and called for mental health issues to be ‘normalised and acknowledged’, and not be associated with ‘shame and humiliation’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Masked Singer US: Iconic singer Toni Braxton revealed as Pufferfish in ‘biggest upset’ in show’s history MORE : Joaquin Phoenix takes a cigarette break while dressed as Napoleon Bonaparte on set for Ridley Scott’s biopic movie 