Kristen Stewart has revealed that she was gifted ‘all of the clothes’ she wore as Princess Diana for the movie Spencer. Ah, the lives of the A-list! The 31-year-old actress received her first Oscar nomination for her portrayal of Princess Diana in Pablor Larrain’s 2021 historical fiction film, and the celebrated Jacqueline Durran served as the flick’s costume designer. When shooting wrapped, Kristen was allowed to keep every item of clothing she’d worn in the movie, which were all recreations of real-life outfits worn by the late Royal. In an interview with Slant, Kristen revealed: ‘Jacqueline [the costume designer] gave me like all of the clothes. ‘I usually also don’t take stuff because you think you’re going to want it, because you’re so attached to it then, but then you can’t just have this weird little treasure box of I don’t know… ‘I’ve usually been like, “I’m going to leave this here”,’ she continued. ‘But I have almost every piece of wardrobe that I wore in the movie because she wanted to give it to me.’ Spencer follows Princess Diana over the course of one Christmas holiday in 1991, which she spent at Sandringham with the rest of the family. The movie offers an account of what Diana might have gone through in those three days over the holiday period. Before Spencer’s release, eating disorder charity Beat warned of the ‘graphic’ and ‘glamourising’ portrayals of Diana’s battle with bulimia – which were included in the film. Princess Diana confirmed she had struggled with bulimia during her controversial 1995 interview with Martin Bashir. ‘I had bulimia for a number of years,’ she said. ‘And that’s like a secret disease. ‘You inflict it upon yourself because your self-esteem is at a low ebb, and you don’t think you’re worthy or valuable.’ Diana was the ex-wife of Prince Charles, and mother to Prince William and Prince Harry. She died in August 1997 at the age of 36. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Trevor Noah warns Kanye West feud with Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson could get violent: ‘We have to ask ourselves questions’ MORE : Kim Kardashian brushes off Kanye West drama as she plays around with son Saint in sweet video 