Kaley Cuoco is the latest star supporting Pete Davidson after Kanye West appeared to bury him alive in the music video for his new song, Eazy. The Praise God rapper, 44, sparked intense backlash for the clip, released earlier this week, with fans branding it ‘disgusting’. The Saturday Night Live star – who is currently dating Ye’s ex-wife Kim Kardashian – has yet to address the video publicly, but a string of famous faces have lined up to defend him on social media, including pal James Gunn. Taking to Twitter, the Suicide Squad director penned: ‘For the record, Pete Davidson is one of the nicest, sweetest guys I know. ‘A truly generous, tender & funny spirit, he treats everyone around him with respect.’ The CommentsByCelebs Instagram account highlighted that Kim had ‘liked’ his post, sharing a screenshot on their official page – where Kaley also slipped in to add her name to his supporters. Sliding into the comments below, the Big Bang Theory actress simply wrote: ‘Fact ❤️.’ The pair have grown close since working on the upcoming comedy, Meet Cute, which wrapped last year. Pete has been embroiled in drama with Kanye over the last few months, following his budding relationship with Kim. Things have escalated in recent weeks, with the dad-of-four taking aim at the comedian in now-deleted Instagram posts, branding him a d**khead and begging for his ex-wife back. The Grammy-winner was met with fury this week when he released the music video for Eazy, and could be seen burying the actor in animated scenes. ‘God saved me from the crash, just so I can beat Pete Davidson’s ass,’ he rapped as the accompanying video showed his animated character dragging what appeared to be a restrained Pete with a bag over his head. After removing the bag from the What Men Want actor, who was in the ground, he sprinkled seeds over his head – scenes which left many fans ‘disgusted’. However, while many were horrified by the clip, Pete reportedly thinks that the situation is ‘hysterical’. An insider told Entertainment Tonight that he finds ‘the fact that Kanye included a cartoon version of him in his music video hysterical’. ‘He is almost flattered by it all because it is so ridiculous to him.’ They went on to explain that he is ‘not threatened by Kanye in any way, shape or form.’ ‘He’s using this to grow in more ways than one including for himself and his relationship with Kim,’ they added. ‘He is turning all of the negativity into a positive thing. ‘Kim and Pete have grown closer from all of this, and much more than either of them expected.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Peaky Blinders season 6: Tom Hardy wasn’t always billed to return as Alfie Solomons ‘Plans change’ MORE : Stanley Tucci fans astonished by uncanny resemblance to Freddie Mercury in moustached throwback photo: ‘Holy smokes!’ 