I have a confession to make. Before I was commissioned to write this article, I had never seen Basic Instinct. In fact, my knowledge of the film was so poor that I very nearly downloaded Fatal Attraction by mistake, because to my pea-sized brain thought they were basically the same thing. While I am far from being a film buff, I’m not a total cultural philistine, and a cursory Google search brought up shots and scenes I’m more familiar with: passionate clinches, blood tinged rivers of gore and of course, the infamous interrogation scene. Like Fatal Attraction, Basic Instinct stars Michael Douglas in the lead role, as gruff and troubled San Francisco police detective Nick Curran – but this film belongs to Sharon Stone as Catherine Tramell: the beautiful and wealthy author that just so happens to be a master manipulator and ruthless serial killer. As the film celebrates its 30th anniversary, I’m intrigued to see whether the film, which shot Stone to superstardom, would still be such a hit today – particularly in the wake of #MeToo. Basic Instinct sets the tone for what it’s about straight from the first scene: gratuitous sex scenes, full frontal nudity and gallons of blood. Watching Stone on top of this man, completely bare while he reaches up and kisses her nipples, makes me feel grateful that intimacy co-ordinators are now more commonplace on productions. Programmes such as Normal People and Bridgerton have shown that sex on screen can be depicted well while having all actors involved feel safe. Seeing Stone writhing while her intimate areas are pawed at made me feel a bit sick. Stone herself spoke out about the struggles she faced baring all on camera. In her 2021 autobiography, The Beauty of Living Twice, she detailed how intimidated she felt in the early days of her career, often naked and vulnerable while surrounded by hundreds men watching from the sidelines. ‘Often not even the caterer employed women when I was first working,’ she wrote. ‘My makeup and hair were men. Can you imagine what it was like to be the only woman on a set – to be the only naked woman, with maybe one or two other women standing near? The costumer and the script gal? And now I am the intimidating one.’ There’s another sex scene that gave me deep pause, and only hammered home how vital intimacy coordinators really are. Following an intense encounter with Catherine, Nick visits his old flame, Dr Beth Garner. The scene sees the detective force himself on Beth, despite her insistence that she doesn’t want intercourse – a deeply unsettling scene, as Nick continues to attack her even though she says no. While we effectively watch a rape, the scene isn’t portrayed to audiences as something that should be considered problematic; we only get a brief nod to Beth’s anger when she slams the door on the way out. ‘This scene repeats the pervasive trope at that time that, “No, means maybe”,’ Gifty Enright, female empowerment coach explains. ‘You see it in how Beth seems to kiss his fingers at the end of the sex scene even though she was saying no at the start. Practically the same scene can be seen in many older James Bond films. It was not right then and it isn’t right now. Thankfully, life and art has moved on a long way. ‘Sex is a part of life, and part of art. It should not be hidden, but actresses need to be protected when it comes to how it depicted on screen.’ While these scenes were bad, no scene highlights the vulnerability that actresses face more than the interrogation scene that Basic Instinct is so infamous for. While it is Catherine who is under interview, she leads the interrogation: cigarette in hand, she quizzes Nick on his sex life, before crossing and uncrossing her legs, revealing that she isn’t wearing underwear. I felt distinctly dirty watching the scene, especially as Stone has since claimed this was filmed without her consent. ‘I’d been told, “We can’t see anything—I just need you to remove your panties, as the white is reflecting the light, so we know you have panties on”,’ she wrote in her autobiography. ‘It was me and my parts up there. I had decisions to make. I went to the projection booth, slapped [director] Paul [Verhoeven] across the face, left, went to my car, and called my lawyer.’ While Stone did concede and agreed for the scene to be kept in the film, from a modern perspective, the scene could effectively be defined as revenge porn – a crime under UK law that has a maximum sentence of two years in prison. ‘There is a long history of female actors being pressured to engage in sexual acts or sexualised depictions,’ Enright says. ‘If Sharon Stone says this scene was filmed without her permission, then I believe her; and we don’t need to worry if its revenge porn, it’s just plain wrong. That one second part of this important scene should be cut; period.’ Michael Douglas was also asked to go full-frontal for the film. He declined, and unsurprisingly, the male lead’s wishes were respected. Despite the gratuitous display of nudity in the film, clearly done for titillation, some critics have re-examined Basic Instinct to have a more feminist reading. To some extent I can understand this: it is the women in the film that have the power over the narrative. Catherine, Basic Instinct’s driving force, is depicted as highly intelligent and manipulative, clearly holding the upper hand and simply pulling the strings of her puppet, Nick, who has seldom more to him than brute force. ‘In 1992, Catherine was seen as a ground-breaking character,’ Enright says. ‘A very strong woman, who was comfortable, and indeed proud of her sexuality. Catherine, much like other male protagonists, was able to bend people to her will with her sex. ‘Catherine was not a cliched femme fatale. She was rich, bisexual, clever, calculating, independent as well as being attractive. She wasn’t solely dependent on her feminine wiles or a man to save her. She had two degrees and was not afraid to use her brain.’ Enright adds that the uniqueness of Catherine’s character helped pave the way for other strong, sexually liberated women in cinema. ‘In some ways Catherine’s character helped break the mould allowing women to be unapologetically sexual,’ she says. ‘I don’t think the film tars sexually liberated women as bad. She is a psychologically damaged woman with a libido, which makes for an interesting character. However, I’m not sure society was ready for such character as the acceptable narrative for a woman is that she has to be virginal and nurturing.’ Not everyone has the same reading about Catherine and her attitude towards sex. Upon its release, the film received criticism from LGBTQ+ groups at the time for Catherine’s bisexuality, an element of Basic Instinct some people still find troubling today. David Bender, co-chair of Stonewall’s Bi Network Group, explains: “In Basic Instinct, Catherine Trammell is murderous, controlling, sexually aggressive, and duplicitous. She is also portrayed as being a bi woman. This plays into a long history of the ‘depraved bisexual’ trope in media. ‘These stereotypes have real impacts. These consistent portrayals tell our straight, lesbian and gay partners that we are not to be trusted, because we might be liars, cheaters, or even violent. This is part of why we see higher rates of sexual and domestic violence against bi women than for straight women or lesbian women. ‘Bi representation is important, but TV and film producers do need to be careful about how they use the ‘depraved bisexual’ trope, and its more modern counterpart, the “hedonistic bisexual” or “magical bisexual”. These ways of presenting bi people feed into the same ideas: that bi people are something else, and that something else shouldn’t be trusted.’ On the whole, I feel like I just can’t entirely agree that Basic Instinct can be perceived through a feminist lens, especially while knowing Stone’s backstory. No matter how empowered Catherine may appear to be, the film only exacerbates the tired yet still widely believed trope that sexually promiscuous women are delinquent, and that women are manipulative and use their sexuality as a weapon. Her bisexuality is an unnecessary trait that seems to serve only to titillate without really adding to the narrative, and further reinforces damaging misconceptions about queer people. Knowing what Stone had to face throughout the making of this film leaves me shaken, but not surprised. With MeToo being such a seismic movement, we can only hope that the world of cinema is changing. On-screen, cliched depictions of problematic, sexually liberated women should no longer be a film’s driving force. Off-screen, there’s more pressure for the behind-the-scenes boys club to be disbanded, for directors to care for their female leads, and for casting couch culture to be cancelled for good. A film’s legacy is not worth its star’s wellbeing. Should there be another Basic Instinct, Stone’s plight should not be repeated for the silver screen’s benefit ever again. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Young, Famous & African: Khanyi Mbau shocks after admitting she ‘doesn’t care’ if boyfriend is ‘gangster fugitive’ MORE : ‘He stole my beating heart’: Dame Judi Dench enamoured by The Repair Shop’s Jay Blades MORE : Love Is Blind’s Shake Chatterjee confirms girlfriend and throws shade at Deepti Vempati in the process 