Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says he ‘feels sorry’ for Thomas Tuchel and Chelsea’s players after Roman Abramovich was sanctioned by the UK government. Abramovich was one of several Russian oligarchs to be sanctioned as part of the government’s response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. As a result, Abramovich’s attempts to sell the Premier League club have been halted, while Chelsea cannot sell further match tickets and must close their club shop. Russian billionaire Abramovich, who bought Chelsea in 2003, put the club up for sale after the threat of sanctions was raised in Parliament. Chelsea have been issued a special licence allowing them to fulfil their upcoming fixtures and pay staff, but the club will be unable to buy or sell players or offer new contracts while the sanctions are live. Asked about the news at Chelsea on Thursday afternoon, Man City boss Guardiola said he ‘didn’t have an opinion’ before adding: ‘I saw the headlines but I don’t know exactly the reason why it happened. ‘Let me have a few more days to let me know the reason why but I don’t know. I don’t know what’s going to happen next. ‘For Thomas Tuchel and the players, it’s uncomfortable. It is a difficult position. I feel sorry for them because they are there to do their jobs. For the rest, I don’t know. I have to wait. ‘This situation, why he’s banned, I don’t know the reason why. I don’t know, maybe next press conference I have a clearer opinion, speak with my CEO to see the exact reason why.’ Responding to the sanctions, Chelsea said in a statement: ‘Chelsea Football Club has been advised that its owner Roman Abramovich has been sanctioned by the UK Government. ‘By virtue of his 100 per cent ownership of Chelsea FC plc and affiliated entities, Chelsea FC would normally be subject to the same sanctions regime as Mr Abramovich. However, the UK Government has issued a general licence that permits Chelsea FC to continue certain activities. ‘We will fulfil our men’s and women’s team fixtures today against Norwich and West Ham, respectively, and intend to engage in discussions with the UK Government regarding the scope of the licence. ‘This will include seeking permission for the licence to be amended in order to allow the club to operate as normal as possible. ‘We will also be seeking guidance from the UK Government on the impact of these measures on the Chelsea Foundation and its important work in our communities. The club will update further when it is appropriate.’ Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries, meanwhile, has explained why the government decided to sanction Abramovich and insisted they will ‘protect the club’ amid the uncertainty and fears at Stamford Bridge. She said: ‘If it sells tickets and it sells merchandise, Abramovich who owns the club, will benefit. That can’t happen. ‘Our focus was on protecting the club and the national game, and the fans, that was our focus and we think we’ve done that by the licence measures that we’ve put in place. ‘Sanctions have consequences and that’s a fact. Abramovich has links to Putin who is mounting a barbaric and evil attack against the people of Ukraine. ‘This government, we in this department, stand with the people of Ukraine. As I’ve said, I’m afraid sanctions have consequences. Abramovich’s actions have consequences too.’ Tuchel’s Chelsea travel to Carrow Road to face Norwich City on Thursday night, while the women’s team visit West Ham. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 