Athletes from Russia and Belarus will not be allowed to compete at the 2022 Winter Paralympics in Beijing. The International Paralympic Committee opened itself up to heavy criticism after it initially ruled that athletes from the nations at the heart of the ongoing Ukraine war would be permitted to compete as neutrals. The Winter Paralympics is get to underway on Saturday, with the opening ceremony taking place on Friday. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live After coming under immense pressure the IPC have now performed a dramatic U-turn in the interests of protecting the safety of all competitors. ‘We are very firm believers that sport and politics should not mix,’ IPC president Andrew Parsons said. ‘However, by no fault of its own the war has now come to these Games and behind the scenes many governments are having an influence on our cherished event. ‘Ensuring the safety and security of athletes is of paramount importance to us and the situation in the athlete villages is escalating and has now become untenable.’ There were set to be 71 competitors from Russia and 12 from Belarus – plus guides for both nations – competing in Beijing. A joint statement from the athletes of Ukraine and the Global Athlete group, an international athlete-led body that aims to inspire change in world sport, said the IPC had issued ‘another blow’ to every Ukrainian athlete and citizen with their decision. Ukrainian Olympic skeleton racer Vladyslav Heraskevych, speaking before the IPC reversed its decision, described the situation as ‘disgusting’. ‘They put Russia above the interest of other countries,’ Heraskevych, who displayed an anti-war sign during the Beijing Games in February, said. ‘Anything less than a full ban is unacceptable. It’s sad and heartbreaking.’ MORE : International Olympic Committee urges all sports to ban Russia and Belarus from competitions MORE : Russian athletes allowed to compete at Winter Paralympics despite Vladimir Putin’s ‘breach of the Olympic Truce’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 