Arsenal legend Ian Wright has defended Ben White after Roy Keane criticised the England centre-back for his role in Switzerland’s goal in Saturday’s 2-1 win for the Three Lions at Wembley. White – who was making just his third international appearance – was not initially in the starting XI but was drafted in at the last minute after John Stones picked up an injury in the pre-match warm-up, lining up on the right side of a back three. England made a slow start to the game and looked shaky at the back, with Switzerland finding a deserved breakthrough when Xherdan Shaqiri floated a cross into the back post which was powered home by Breel Embolo. Keane felt there were several issues with the defending from England but White in particular was taught an early lesson about the quality on show in international football – and the need to stay focused throughout. Speaking on ITV after the match, Keane said of White’s performance: ‘It really is tough, you’re up against good teams. Sometimes it’s just slight mistakes which we see for the goal and he just got caught out. ‘It’s good quality from Switzerland and they were on top at that moment in time. And we can criticise Luke Shaw for not stopping the cross – but people like Shaqiri have produced at this level many times before. ‘They’ve got to get closer but as soon as it leaves his foot White’s body position is all wrong, Embolo’s got his number. ‘He just got caught out, as simple as that. It’s a great finish and he got punished. You hope sometimes to get away with it, but it’s a great delivery and he’s just been caught out.’ Fellow pundit Wright felt the criticism of White was a little harsh given he only found out he was playing minutes before kick-off and was impressed with the Arsenal man’s display, particularly when he switched to right-back in the second half. Responding to Keane’s criticism, Wright said: ‘I think, being called up as late as he did because of the injury in the warm-up, there was a bit of nerves, you could see that. But I thought he did well in the game to be honest. He did very well.’ Although England went behind early on, Luke Shaw’s equaliser on the stroke of half-time and a 78th-minute penalty from skipper Harry Kane saw the Three Lions secure a come-from-behind victory. MORE : Frank Lampard ready to give Arsenal the greenlight to sign Everton star Dominic Calvert-Lewin MORE : Gareth Southgate sounds warning to Chelsea over ‘vulnerable’ Conor Gallagher-Mason Mount partnership For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 