Mikel Arteta is fuming about Arsenal’s upcoming schedule, sarcastically thanking the Premier League for their ‘unfair’ treatment of the Gunners with the fixture list. Goals from Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino saw Arsenal beaten 2-0 by Liverpool on Wednesday night at the Emirates and face a quick turnaround to travel to Aston Villa for the 12.30pm kick-off on Saturday. They have the same situation next month when they play Chelsea on the evening of Wednesday 20 April, before hosting Manchester United on the following Saturday lunchtime. Arteta says it is not fair that his team has to do this and hit out at the Premier League for forcing them into the situation. ‘Thank you so much to the Premier League, to do that and they’ve done it again when we have to play Chelsea and Manchester United, so if they want to give them any advantage, I say to them today, thank you so much for doing that,’ Arteta bleated after Arsenal lost to Liverpool. Asked whether his players would be fit for Saturday’s clash with Aston Villa, he said: ‘Yes, one hundred per cent, don’t worry the players will be there on Saturday with the energy. ‘They will sleep, eat well, but thank you so much to the Premier League for putting the fixtures like this, it’s very, very helpful.’ The complaints were not just those of a manager disappointed by defeat, but the club has also raised the issue with the Premier League. ‘Yes, absolutely [a complaint has been issued],’ Arteta confirmed. ‘Because it’s not fair what they’ve done. ‘It’s always Sky or BT, this or that, but the only one that is affected is Arsenal and the only thing that I care about and what we care about, is Arsenal and for Arsenal, it’s not fair.’ Arsenal remain fourth in the Premier League after defeat to Liverpool, one point and one place clear of Manchester United, but with two games in hand on the Red Devils. MORE : Mikel Arteta reveals Aaron Ramsdale’s reaction to error in Liverpool defeat MORE : ‘He just smashed it!’ – Ian Wright critical over Martin Odegaard’s effort that could have changed the game for Arsenal against Liverpool For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 