Declan Rice slammed the ’embarrassing’ behaviour of the England fans who chose to boo Harry Maguire during last night’s 3-0 win over Ivory Coast at Wembley. The Three Lions continued their preparations ahead of November’s World Cup with a comfortable win against their African opponents who were reduced to 10 men when Serge Aurier was given his marching orders five minutes before the break. Ollie Watkins had already given England the lead and Raheem Sterling effectively made the victory safe with a goal on the stroke of half-time. Tyrone Mings made it an Aston Villa double of sorts when he scored in the 90th minute but the match was in part overshadowed by the treatment his fellow centre-half Maguire was subjected to. The Manchester United skipper’s name was jeered prior to kick-off, much to the consternation of manager Gareth Southgate and Maguire’s teammates, including Declan Rice. ‘Total embarrassment from whoever booed tonight. Harry Maguire has been incredible every single time he’s put on the England shirt,’ the West Ham midfielder wrote on Twitter. ‘Absolute nonsense now it’s becoming. Back your own players. Especially with a major tournament coming up.’ Those sentiments were echoed by Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson, who said: ‘I can’t get my head around what happened at Wembley tonight. ‘Harry Maguire has been a colossus for England. Without him, the progress that has been made at the last two tournaments would not have been possible. To be booed at his home stadium, for no reason? ‘What have we become? What happened tonight was just wrong. As someone who wants to win with England I feel fortunate to share a dressing room with him. We all feel the same!’ MORE : ‘Absolute joke!’ – Gareth Southgate slams England fans who booed Harry Maguire MORE : ‘It’s ridiculous’ – England star Tyrone Mings clears up bizarre Harry Maguire clip that went viral For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 