The Taliban have broken a promise to allow girls back into secondary school at the beginning of the academic year in Afghanistan. The hardline regime claimed that the apparently last-minute decision was made over issues around school uniform and suggested young females would not see their schools ‘closed forever’. But the move will be widely interpreted as yet another sign that the Taliban has not changed since its brutal rule in the 1990s and early 2000s, when women and girls were banned from education. The unexpected decision overnight on Tuesday meant girls arrived at school on Wednesday for the new year only to be turned away on the grounds that they were not wearing the ‘proper hijab’. Many pupils were said to be in tears. Activist Malala Yousafzai, who became famous after being shot by the Taliban while campaigning for women’s education rights, accused the Taliban of ‘finding excuses’ and fearing educated girls. ‘I had one hope for today’, she tweeted, ‘That Afghan girls walking to school would not be sent back home. But the Taliban did not keep their promise. ‘They will keep finding excuses to stop girls from learning – because they are afraid of educated girls and empowered women.’ Mariam Naheebi, a local journalist, added from Kabul: ‘We did everything the Taliban asked in terms of Islamic dress and they promised that girls could go to school and now they have broken their promise. Having previously protested for women’s rights, she added: ‘They have not been honest with us.’ Other education rights activists and the international community echoed her dismay at the decision, which blocks girls above the sixth grade from attending school. The policy will appease the Taliban’s hardline base in rural areas, which tends to be conservative and deeply tribal. But is likely to disrupt efforts to win recognition from potential international donors, amid a horrendous humanitarian crisis. Waheedullah Hashmi, external relations and donor representative with the Taliban-led administration, explained: ‘It was late (on Tuesday) night that we received word from our leadership that schools will stay closed for girls. ‘We don’t say they will be closed forever.’ World leaders have been urging Taliban officials to open schools to girls and earlier this week a Government statement urged ‘all students’ to attend. Most girls have been able to attend primary schools. The surprise decision on secondary education also comes as the movement’s leadership has been summoned to southern Kandahar by the reclusive Taliban leader, Haibatullah Akhunzada, amid reports of a Cabinet shakeup, according to an Afghan leader, who is also a member of the leadership council. The official spoke on condition of anonymity and said it is possible some of the senior interim Cabinet positions could be changed. There have been persistent reports since the Taliban swept to power in August of splits between pragmatist and ideological factions in the leadership. Unlike its previous rule, television is now allowed in Afghanistan and women are not required to wear the all-encompassing burqa – but must wear the traditional hijab, covering their heads. Women have also returned to work in the health and education ministry and at Kabul International Airport at passport control and custom. The Taliban were ousted in 2001 by a U.S.-led coalition but returned to power last summer amid a chaotic departure of allied forces. Universities opened earlier this year in much of the country, but while a handful of provinces continued to provide education to all, most areas closed educational institutions to female students. In Kabul, private schools and universities have operated uninterrupted. The religiously-driven Taliban administration fears going forward with enrolling girls beyond Grade 6 could alienate their rural base, Mr Hashmi said. ‘The leadership hasn’t decided when or how they will allow girls to return to school,’ he added, conceding that in urban centres most people support girls education, but claiming much of the countryside is opposed, particularly in tribal Pashtun regions. Mr Hasmi said: ‘In some rural areas a brother will disown a brother in the city if he finds out that he is letting his daughters go to school’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : UK Government ‘must act now or risk more lives’ in Afghanistan as desperate people sell their children to buy food