Pete Davidson’s voyage to the great beyond is now just a pipe dream as the comedian has dropped out of his scheduled space flight. The Saturday Night Live star was due to rocket off on the next Blue Origin trip on Wednesday, but it was announced on Thursday night that he’ll no longer be on it. In a tweet, the company said: ‘Blue Origin’s 20th flight of New Shepard has shifted to Tuesday, March 29. ‘Pete Davidson is no longer able to join the NS-20 crew on this mission. ‘We will announce the sixth crew member in the coming days.’ No further reason was given for Pete’s sudden drop-out, shrouding the news in mystery. Those still set to jet off into space on the flight, include the president and chief executive of Tricor International, a property development corporation, and a ‘world explorer’ who has visited all 193 UN-recognised countries. The flight will be the 20th for the company’s New Shepard programme and the fourth to feature a human crew. Celebrities who have made it onto a Blue Origin flight, include Star Trek actor William Shatner – who became the oldest person in space – and American football player and TV personality Michael Strahan. With Pete, 28, staying firmly on planet Earth, he’ll get to spend more time with girlfriend Kim Kardashian, who recently spilled new details about their relationship – including the fact that Pete has several tattoos dedicated to her. Speaking to Ellen DeGeneres, the 41-year-old said: ‘I think it’s just in life, like no matter what it is, I encourage my friends and the people that I love just to be happy, and I went for it,’ explained the thrice married star. ‘I went for it, and, you know what? I’m in my 40s, like, f***k it — sorry — just go for it, find your happiness. ‘I went for it, and I took my time, and I found it, and it feels so good and I want to hold onto that forever.’ Of course, it hasn’t all been roses for the smitten couple with Kim and Pete having to contend with her ex-husband Kanye West and his repeated digs at the comedian. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jacqueline Jossa walks barefoot over Lego bricks for Comic Relief Red Nose Day MORE : Wendy Williams says she is well enough to make TV return and manage her own money: ‘I am an honest, hard working person’ 