A company that creates vodka from plants grown near Chernobyl will donate the profits from two new drinks to Ukrainian refugees. UK academics set up the distillery two years ago to prove that radiation free spirits could be produced from the scene of the worst nuclear accident in history. Now the proceeds from its two new premium fruit schnapps drinks will go towards helping those hit by another disaster to strike Ukraine. The Chernobyl Spirit Company has so far handed out thousands but says three quarters of profits from the first 850-bottle batches of its two new drinks will go to the Ukrainian refugee appeal. Portsmouth University’s Professor Jim Smith, who set up the social enterprise with Ukrainian colleagues in 2019, says the impact of the war is worse than the nuclear reactor accident in 1986. ‘Having spent my career working on the consequences of Chernobyl I’m horrified to see the much worse impact of the Russian war on Ukraine’, Professor Smith said. ‘Our social enterprise aims to support communities affected by Chernobyl, many of which are now under Russian occupation.’ The initiative started as a scientific experiment and progressed to the team in Ukraine and at the Hampshire university selling the radioactive-free vodka in the UK. The spirits are five times distilled in Ukraine from pears and plums harvested from districts affected by the disaster, which are now partly under Russian control. The company started sales of its Apple Spirit last autumn and has donated £15,000 – all its profits so far – to the Ukrainian refugee appeal. At least 75% of all future profits from the social enterprise going to support the recovery of communities in Ukraine. Professor Smith’s colleague Dr Gennady Laptev, a Chernobyl emergency worker who is currently in Kyiv with his wife and 86-year-old father, said: ‘We hope our social enterprise will help people affected by the devastating social and economic impacts, first of the Chernobyl accident and now of the war.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Ukraine-Russia peace talks: What does neutral status mean?