Keen for an absolute bargain to get you on the property ladder? For less than you’d typically need for a deposit, you can buy a three-bedroom house in Telford outright. That’s right – no mortgage, no monthly payments. For just £10,000, you could have your very own home. There is, of course, a catch. Quite a big one. The property, on sale by public auction on March 30, isn’t exactly move-in ready. It’s in need of some major renovation… and a good clearout. You can get a sense of some of the work required from the outside, where you can spy boarded up windows and a garden that’s grown wild with weeds. But it’s when you walk through the missing front door that you really appreciate just what you’d need to do to make this place liveable. Photos show piles of rubbish littering grime-caked floors, along with smashed up doors and rust-ridden appliances. The ceiling appears to be falling apart, filthy wallpaper has come off the walls, and some of the flooring has come up to reveal straight-up mud underfoot. There is a rather cute vintage fireplace, though… so perhaps you could see some potential. The home, described as ‘in need of renovation’ (putting it a bit lightly, no?), has been left vacant and auctioneers note they haven’t been able to go inside to check it out. It’s not clear what happened in the property to leave it in such a bad state, or where its previous owners went, but someone has left behind all manner of items – from T-shirts and deodorant cans to a massive umbrella. The bare bones include a reception room, a kitchen (with no fittings), one bathroom (again, with no fittings), a landing, and three bedrooms, all on London Road in St Georges, Telford. We reckon someone with a great vision could make this place a lovely property again… but they’d need a lot of cash and patience to do the job. If you fancy putting in a bid, you’ll need to pre-register no later than noon on Tuesday March 29. Best of luck. And if you do get it, please do document the cleanup process. We want to see. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How this influencer transformed house with one of the UK’s worst gardens to create a £550k home MORE : Woman reveals how she saved £2,000 on luxury bathroom renovation MORE : How schemes from the First Time Buyer  Home Show helped these young people get on the property ladder