Shane Warne’s unexpected and tragic death of a suspected heart attack was confirmed on Friday afternoon and tributes have quickly been made to one of the greatest cricketers in history. Warne passed away in Koh Samui, Thailand, with a statement from his management reading: ‘Shane was found unresponsive in his villa and despite the best efforts of medical staff, he could not be revived. ‘The family requests privacy at this time and will provide further details in due course.’ The news has rocked the cricketing and wider sporting worlds, with Warne an icon of his chosen game but transcended cricket given his immense talent and being a globally popular character. Long-time teammate with Australia Adam Gilchrist summed up the mood for many simply by posting a string of broken hearts. Current Australia batsman David Warner was ‘lost for words’ after, not only Warne’s tragic death, but also another legend of the national team Rod Marsh passing away a day earlier. Former India batsman Virender Sehwag wrote on Twitter: ‘Cannot believe it. One of the greatest spinners, the man who made spin cool, superstar Shane Warne is no more. Life is very fragile, but this is very difficult to fathom. My heartfelt condolences to his family, friends and fans all around the world.’ Iconic Pakistan fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar added: ‘Just heard the devastating news about legendary Shane Warne passing away. No words to describe how shocked & sad i am. What a legend. What a man. What a cricketer.’ Another former India international, Irfan Pathan, wrote: ‘Shane Warne was a crowd puller. Magician with the ball. Absolute legend of Australian cricket. First IPL winning captain. He will be missed, He will be remembered forever. #rip #shanewarne’ Ex-England batsman Kevin Pietersen’s remark was not as touching as others, but did add ‘RIP King’ to his tweet. Shikhar Dhawan wrote: ‘Sad, speechless, and completely shocked. An incredible loss to cricket. I have no words. Thank you for everything you’ve done for the sport. Rest in Peace, Shane Warne. Sending my condolences to his loved ones.’ West Indies batsman Carlos Brathwaite added: ‘Sometimes it’s difficult to remember people who you idolize are human . ‘It’s impossible to think they’ll leave us. Such a young age with so much more to give to our game. This is a big loss to the cricketing world. ‘RIP Shane Warne.’ MORE : Documentary about Shane Warne’s stellar cricket career and ‘rockstar’ personal life released weeks before his death MORE : Eight players to look out for at the Women’s Cricket World Cup For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 