It is unimaginable to comprehend what the people of Ukraine are going through right now. From the families who have managed to flee to those who have chosen to stay and fight, or the many others in the UK have been forced apart from their loved ones, courageous is too soft a word to describe these people for standing up for themselves and their country in the face of an aggressor. With each day, they grow more desperate – desperate for it to be over, to be reunited with loved ones, to live a life free from fear. Here, Metro.co.uk speaks to five people whose lives and loved ones are entwined with the conflict, to get an insight into the sheer nightmare the people of Ukraine are facing. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Anya Michova, 37, lives in London. Her mother and two sisters are currently stuck in Kharkiv. From her home in London, 37-year-old Ukranian Anya Michova starts shaking every time her phone rings. With her mother, two sisters and their families stuck in Kharkiv – currently under mass shelling and bombing – she fears for the worst. Her 70-year-old mother, who has been forced to take cover hiding in a neighbour’s garage, is on the verge of running out of food, unable to get to the shops because of the ongoing military battle on her doorstep. It is understandably ‘a living nightmare’ for Anya, who has lived in the UK for 18 years. She feels helpless and is living in constant anxiety, deeply worried about her family and the young children of her sisters. There was no time for the family to escape, she tells Metro.co.uk in a trembling voice. ‘We were reassured there would be no war so my family and other Ukranians were left totally unprepared. My mother didn’t panic or stock up on food as nobody believed war would actually happen.’ Staying in touch with her family has been difficult, although every day Anya is reassured by a message from her mother saying she is alive. ‘Sometimes my mum cannot talk to me, she finds it very difficult and every time a bomb siren goes off she calls me to let me know in case I don’t hear from her for a while when she has gone to take shelter.’ Unlike other apartment blocks in the area, Anya’s mother does not have a bomb shelter in her home so instead has to take cover in her neighbour’s garage. ‘It is a dark and damp place that normally is used to store vegetables and is freezing. My mum is in her seventies and has to sit on a freezing cold cement floor where she has to wait for hours to hide from the snipers.’ With constant shelling all around them, Anya describes how the family dog is unable to be taken outside and is ‘going crazy’ when the bombs go off as the noise is so loud. ‘Over 90 apartment blocks have been destroyed, a university and school and my poor family are stuck, locked inside a city that is being surrounded by Russians,’ she says. When asked why her sisters did not try to escape with their children, Anya explains that one of them is a nurse working at the hospital and treating the wounded soldiers. The other wants to stay close to their mother, having had no time to make any preparations to leave. ‘I feel totally distraught and don’t know what to do to help,’ says Anya tearfully. ‘All I can to do is keep communications open with my family and ensure their safety.’ As for food, Anya is worried how they can cope with the shops empty and the family unable to go outside. Army vehicles are able to drop food off but she is unsure how much longer that can go on for. Keeping clean is another major problem. ‘My mum cannot wash as she is racing from her home to the garage and then sitting or sleeping on a dirty floor,’ she explains. ‘She is retired and should be living the best life but this is the worst. ‘I have been unable to see her for over two years because of Covid restrictions and now this is happening. The only good thing is seeing the world come together to support us; the outpouring of love has been really beyond touching.’ American-born Rabbi Shlomo Levitansky lives in Sumy, a 30-minute drive away from Russia. Talking via Zoom, it is quite difficult to see Rabbi Levitansky. In order to protect his safety, the lights have been dimmed and he sits in practical darkness, his face lit up only via his computer screen. Situated in Sumy, a city on the Russian-Ukranian border, the rabbi has opted not to flee the country, which has been his home for over a decade. Although he has had every opportunity to flee, the American has refused to leave his Jewish community behind. He cannot put a figure on how many there are but he tells Metro.co.uk, whatever the number, he is ‘there to support them in every way possible. ‘Many don’t have a way out, and we’ll never leave them,’ he adds. ‘They say that if my family is here then they feel safe.’ It is no surprise that Rabbi Levitansky, a Chabad Lubavitch shaliach (emissary) is fully dedicated to supporting his community despite the danger involved in staying in a war zone.  His selfless actions may be putting himself in harm’s way, yet he will not leave what he describes are “his people’. ‘This is my neighbourhood, this is my home,’ he says. ‘I have lived in the Ukraine for years and never experienced any anti-Semitism or hatred.’ Thanks to various contacts, Rabbi Levitansky and his family still have food and he continues to help others in need, leaving his home when he can to provide food for others. He even manages a bit of humour, despite the stressful situation he has found himself in, telling the story of feeding people matza (a crisp biscuit of unleavened bread, traditionally eaten by Jewish people during Passover). ‘A non-Jewish colleague told me that the Jewish people more than 3,000 years ago were planning how to survive for a long time, and that’s when they made matzah,’ the rabbie says. ‘He said to me, “If we can find some matzah, we can feed people.” That gave me the idea. I went into our garage where we keep all different kinds of stuff and found a few big boxes of matzah. We pulled them out and handed them out.’ As our conversation ends, Rabbi Levitansky – a deeply religious man –  admits that he is aware that time is against them. Relying on prayers and faith to get him, his family and community through this ordeal, he simply says, ‘we are so grateful to all the support we have had.’ PR director Olga Kearley, 28, is from Kyiv. Having fled her Kyiv home and arrived in Hungary after a journey of 31 hours, PR director Olga has no time to rest, living on just a few hours of sleep a night. Despite her arduous journey – that involved travelling with her two dogs – she is so determined to help, she has spent the last two days since her arrival finding accommodation for other refugees, taking people to donate blood when needed and visiting the border to provide support to new arrivals. ‘I feel so lucky to be safe now and ready to help in any way I can,’ she says, breaking into a confident and strong smile. ‘I am based 4km from the Hungarian border in an area called Beregovo and from the stories I’ve heard of families travelling for so long into Poland, I think they should try to come to this way, as people were able to cross Vilok yesterday by foot in 30 minutes – but obviously the situation is changing all the time.’ As with the majority of Ukranians Metro.co.uk has spoken to, Olga had little time to pack up her belongings and flee. In hindsight she now says: ‘I understand why everyone was saying you need to have an emergency suitcase packed just in case something ever happened.’ Grabbing a backpack full of clothes and dog food, Olga was one of the lucky ones to head out of Kyiv early as she believes any later and the roads would have been far worse. ‘I won’t lie, I was panicking and scared but I relied on my good friends who I travelled with to safety. ‘My biggest concern was petrol and my friend’s car running out of fuel so we had to keep the engine off and the car was freezing. At one point the traffic didn’t move for six hours and we tried not to panic.’ To pass time and try and stay calm, she recalls how they sang and listened to Ukranian songs. ‘We were terrified as we could still hear the sirens, even in the mountains and our phones had no service,’ she adds. ‘Singing Ukranian songs to calm our nerves helped pull us through the dark hours.’ Jakub Rybicki, 33, is a dancer from Poland As Jakub speaks from his Polish home, the noise of chatter can be heard in the background. It is the sound of two women and their babies – refugees Jakub has taken into his house. In fact, they are just four out of hundreds of people the dancer has helped as a way of ‘doing something for these beautiful people who I feel so helpless for.’ A Polish performer and dancing judge, Jakub has spent five days travelling backwards and forwards to the Polish border to help bring refugees to safety. He cannot dance at the moment as his heart is broken, so instead he vows to help the refugees crossing in their thousands. ‘I watched the news on TV and on an impulse drove in my van to the border to help after I saw images of women arriving with young children,’ he explains. ‘They are arriving scared, tired and with no place to live. They also have the fear of leaving behind their husbands to fight.’ Jakub describes how he ‘feeds them and helps find a solution, whether that’s to send them on to families or sort out homes for them to stay in. ‘We have helped over 500 people so far and it just feels so good that we can actually do something,’ he admits. ‘People tell me I am a hero but I am the opposite of that. I am a human and in times of need, it is vital we look out for each other.’ Taras Maselkos, is head of the Pravada brewery in the Ukraine With one hand holding his phone and another a beer bottle, the terror in Taras Maselkos’ voice is palpable as he speaks from his home town of Lviv. The founder of the Pravada brewery, Taras is used to having a bottle in his hand, yet this time it has been turned into a Molotov cocktail. ‘Things are absolutely horrific here but I am OK for now. I was scared at first but I have strength.’ He adds that seeing friends and neighbours’ homes destroyed has given him determination not to give up. ‘I had to do something to help my people so my decision was to bolster the troops’ defence against the Russians by turning our production from beer to Molotov cocktails.’ According to the brewery, it has shipped ‘thousands’ of the homemade incendiary devices around the city in the last few days. ‘When word spread about what we were doing, people from all over the city turned up with bags of empty beer bottles so they could be filled with flammable liquid.’ The bottles’ label depicts a picture of a naked Vladimir Putin, sitting on a chair surrounded by tanks, bombs and vehicles covered in blood. ‘I have to do everything I can to help protect my loved ones,’ he adds. ‘I have my four year old son here, my sister and my parents – I need this war to end soon and kick out the Russian soldiers.’ As we speak, Taras has to end the call quickly, fearful he needs to get ready to fight. We quickly send him good luck and even in times of utter despair, he cannot thank us enough for the wishes. ‘We know the world is behind us and for that we are so grateful for the love and kindness. It makes us stand stronger.’ Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Claie.Wilson@metro.co.uk Share your views in the comments below. MORE : ‘I’m terrified, barely sleep and in hiding – but I need to show the world the truth’ MORE : ‘It took me nine hours to flee Ukraine, but my brother battled for days to escape’ MORE : Black student had to ‘fight’ onto trains due to racism throughout escape from Ukraine