Ever wish there were more hours in the day? Alas, we don’t have the magical powers needed to stop time and let you get on with all you need to do. What we can do, however, is help you manage your time a little better, so it stops feeling like the days are getting away from you. Time management is one of those skills that people often feel you either have or you don’t. You’re either a super organised, productive person, or you’re just… not. That isn’t true. Like any other skill, time management is something you can build and hone. Want to know how? Education expert and careers mentor, Richard Evans, from The Profs, has seven tips to help you out. ‘If you are given a task that will take less than 15 minutes, do it right away,’ says Richard. ‘When you deal with those little jobs right away, you’ll feel less burdened by them because they won’t accumulate. ‘With a clearer schedule, you’ll feel accomplished and be able to focus on bigger projects.’ Got a massive to-do list? It’s important to figure out which are the most important or urgent, so you don’t feel completely overwhelmed. Go through your list and put each task in order – then work your way through the rankings. The Ivy Lee method can be a helpful approach. ‘Bigger projects can easily feel overwhelming and too complex to tackle,’ says Richard. ‘Breaking them down into more approachable, doable sections reduces stress and the propensity to procrastinate. ‘With specific goals in mind, you will work better and will be more consistent with each task you need to complete. ‘Identify smaller tasks and set achievable milestones to reach. Ensure you determine a realistic timeframe for each task and follow a schedule to keep to your time limit.’ No, we’re not talking about mindlessly scrolling Twitter or doing all the Wordle spinoffs out there. Use the technology available to help you stay organised and productive. Richard suggests: ‘Online calendars, smartphone apps and digital timers can all help you to stay on top of your workload and optimise your schedule. Google Calendar is also a convenient way to organise your tasks, set reminders for meetings, and keep track of due dates for projects. ‘Remember, you don’t have to use these tools just for work. They can also help you manage time and meet your goals in your own time, such as writing a book, training for a marathon, or coordinating family schedules.’ Only you can know how your mind works – and how to work with it, instead of against it. Sometimes you’re filled with energy and easily blast through tasks. Other times it’s just not clicking. Do you notice that there are certain times of day when that’s the case? Could you rearrange your workload to do the tricky bits when you’re at your peak, and the easier tasks when you’re not quite in gear? This is called energy management, and it’s life-changing. Stess is seriously corrosive. If you try to just keep working through it, you’re risking burnout. Ensure that you’re looking after yourself. Don’t prioritise productivity in the short-term at the expense of your wellbeing – you’ll struggle to get stuff done when you’re completely mentally exhausted. ‘There are many ways in which you can reduce stress, including exercise, meditation and listening to your favourite music,’ says Richard. ‘Experiment with different stress-relieving techniques until you find what works best for you. ‘If you find yourself unable to tackle stress by yourself, remember you are not alone and can always consult with a professional for further help.’ You don’t have to take on everything alone. Get comfortable saying ‘no’. Richard advises: ‘If you feel like you’re already overloaded with work, politely refuse to take on any additional tasks. Take a look at your to-do list before agreeing to take on extra tasks. ‘Saying no to some requests is not selfish or rude, but rather a way to honour your time and energy levels. ‘Expressing this is a way to take care of yourself and your needs, which will ultimately allow you to be more helpful to others.’ FYI, if you liked this article and want more tips for getting things done without losing your mind, we reckon you’ll love our series, Better Living. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Does the ‘eat the frog’ productivity technique really work? Could it even change your life? I tried it out MORE : I tried setting time limits on my screentime – did it work? MORE : People with ADHD are more likely to have hoarding issues, says research