Jeremy Kyle reportedly received a hefty payout from ITV following The Jeremy Kyle Show being axed in 2019. The controversial daytime show was taken off air after Steve Dymond took his own life after appearing on the show. Dymond died by suicide shortly after failing a notoriously unreliable lie-detector to prove whether he had cheated on his partner. According to The Daily Mail, Kyle was paid ‘a huge amount of money’ when his show was axed. A source told The Mail: ‘ITV had to pay him. ‘The contract was watertight and there was nothing which could be done about it. ‘It was a huge amount of money.’ The source also suggested that the payout was ‘well over £1million’ because Kyle still had most of a year left on his £2million annual contract with ITV when the decision was made to stop the show. The last episode premiered on May 10, 2019, and attentive fans realised that all 17 series were removed from ITV Hub, with details revealing how to appear on the programme popping up instead. Dymond’s episode never aired on ITV. The harrowing Channel 4 documentary Death on Daytime explores the scandal that happened behind the scenes of the popular chat show – which ran from 2005 to 2019 – with former employees claiming bosses were abusive and manipulative. One producer said they were ‘treated like rats in a lab’, while another alleged: ‘Let’s say you were working and it’s like 10 o clock at night and you’ve got nothing on your board, it doesn’t matter if you’ve not had a break, because they would have to order your tea from one of the restaurants nearby. ‘If you said can we have tea we’re starving, the producer would say, no.’ In response to the Channel 4 documentary, ITV said it does not ‘accept the central allegation of this programme of a ‘bad culture’ within the production team’. ‘ITV would never condone any of its production staff misleading or lying to guests.’ Breaking his silence on the documentary, Kyle spoke on his TalkRadio show: ‘I have said that I will not comment on the tragic death of Steve Dymond until the legal process is finished, and that is a position that I will maintain.’ He added: ‘When, and trust me there will be a time after the inquest, when it is proper for me to have my say, because there are two sides to every story. I will do it here, and I will do it to you, and that is the most important thing.’ ITV declined to comment. Death on Daytime is available to watch on All4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Kyle looks sombre as he’s spotted for first time since bombshell Channel 4 documentary sparks calls for host to be sacked from radio show MORE : Jeremy Kyle Show counsellor Graham Stanier fiercely defends axed series after Death On Daytime documentary: ‘It helped thousands’ 