Doctors, nurses and teachers are facing a £1,750 real terms pay cut, with incomes on course to be squeezed more than at any point since the 1970s. Rishi Sunak is being urged to address rising inflation and stagnant wages at a time when the Ukraine crisis is rocking the global economy. The Chancellor is due to deliver the Spring Statement on March 23, an event which usually doesn’t contain major policy announcements. This time around, the statement may have to serve as a new emergency budget – and the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) has warned it will require painful decisions on borrowing and spending. Economists are predicting inflation will hit 8%, levels last seen in the early 1990s and far outstripping the rate at which salaries are rising. The sharp uptick in the cost of living is being driven by rising energy prices – made worse by Russia’s war in Ukraine – and backlogs in supply chains generated by the pandemic. Mr Sunak made headlines with his October budget by announcing expensive spending pledges – but the IFS said inflation ‘will wipe out at least a quarter of the real terms increases’ to public service funding boosts. Paul Johnson, director of the IFS, said: ‘At the Spring Statement Rishi Sunak has to make a huge judgement call. ‘Will he do more to protect households from the effects of energy prices which have risen even further in the last two weeks? ‘If he doesn’t then many on moderate incomes will face the biggest hit to their living standards since at least the financial crisis. ‘If he does, then there will be another big hit to the public finances.’ To offset the pain for public sector workers, the government would need to find an extra £10 billion. Otherwise, 5.7 million people – many of whom worked on the frontline of the Covid-19 pandemic – will see their wage effectively cut by £1,750. The IFS also warned that Mr Sunak’s commitment of £9 billion to offset steep rises in energy prices are already out of date. Households could face paying up to £43 billion extra to keep the heating on, meaning the changes already announced only cover one fifth of the impact. The impact of the Ukraine war on gas and oil prices means someone on the median wage of £27,500 will be £800 a year worse off rather than £500 forecast just a few months ago. In a dire warning to the Treasury, the IFS said ‘living standards will suffer across the board’. A report continued : ‘Households and public services will be squeezed by higher inflation, the economy rocked by heightened uncertainty, and the public finances buffeted by the fallout from Ukraine.’ The crisis on the continent has also shone a new light on the UK’s defence budget, which has fallen as a percentage of gross domestic product from 7% in the 1950s to just above 2% today. Along with other governments in the West, the Treasury has used this shift in spending priorities – sometimes called a ‘peace dividend’ – to boost spending in other areas like health and education. But with war once again raging in Europe, that entire approach may need to be reviewed. Mr Johnson said: ‘A top up to the budget for defence spending in the coming year – given rising energy costs and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine – seems inevitable. ‘More broadly, the era where Chancellors could use defence spending cuts to enable NHS spending to rise without an overall increase in the size of the state seems well and truly over.’ The report also pointed out the Ministry of Defence’s ‘modest’ budget increases planned over the next couple of years will be wiped out by rising fuel prices. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.