A pregnant woman whose image went viral after Vladimir Putin’s forces attacked a Ukrainian hospital has died along with her baby, medics say. Images of the woman on a stretcher had been beamed around the world and captured the brutal nature of Russia’s attack. Horrifying images and footage from last Wednesday showed the woman stroking her bloodied lower abdomen as rescuers rushed her through the rubble of Mariupol. It has been widely seen as one of the most bleakest moments in the 19-day-old war on Ukraine. Now the story of what happened to the unnamed woman has emerged, with medics revealing that that she cried out to medics: ‘Kill me now’, as she realised she was losing the baby. Surgeon Timur Marin found the woman’s pelvis crushed and hip detached. Medics delivered the baby via caesarean section, but it showed ‘no signs of life’, he explained. They then began work on the mother. ‘More than 30 minutes of resuscitation of the mother didn’t produce results,’ he said. ‘Both died.’ In the carnage after the air strike – which sparked international condemnation – medics did not have time to get the woman’s name before her husband and father arrived to take away her body. Without that, the woman may have ended up in the mass graves being dug for many of Mariupol’s growing number of dead. Meanwhile, Russian officials rejected accusations of committing war crimes and claimed the maternity hospital had been taken over by Ukrainian extremists to use as a base, and that no patients or medics were left inside. Russia’s ambassador to the UN and the Russian Embassy in London called the images ‘fake news’. But journalists from the widely-respected Associated Press agency, who have been reporting from inside blockaded Mariupol since early in the war, documented the attack and saw the victims and damage first-hand. They shot video and photos of several bloodstained, pregnant mothers fleeing the blown-out maternity ward, with medics shouting and children crying and tracked down victims on Friday and Saturday in the hospital where they had been transferred to, on the outskirts of the city. There was a happier ending for blogger Mariana Vishegirskaya, who gave birth to baby Veronika the day after the air strike. Photos and video had shown her navigating debris-strewn stairs and clutching a blanket around her frame – but Russian officials claimed she was an actor in a staged attack. Mariana said: ‘It happened on March 9 in Hospital number three in Mariupol. We were laying in wards when glasses, frames, windows and walls flew apart. ‘We don’t know how it happened. We were in our wards and some had time to cover themselves, some didn’t.’ Mariupol has been without food supplies, water, power or heat for more than a week, with electricity from emergency generators reserved for operating rooms. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Zelensky ‘challenges’ Putin to meet face-to-face for talks to end Ukraine invasion MORE : Russia wipes out entire city in Ukraine