Roman Kemp has praised ‘superwoman’ Kate Garraway for looking after her husband Derek Draper during his Covid-19 battles, describing the situation as ‘absolutely heartbreaking’. The Capital Radio presenter, 29, also recalled looking after his own father Martin Kemp, 60, while he suffered from two brain tumours in 1995. Roman and Kate, 54, became close after they bonded while filming I’m A Celebrity in the jungle in 2019. But just three months after the show finished, Derek was placed in hospital after suffering from Covid-19, in March 2020, and subsequently placed in a coma in April of the same year. Former political advisor Derek, 54, was finally able to leave hospital a year later, but now requires around-the-clock care, from Kate and a series of other carers providing constant support. Speaking to OK! magazine, Roman called the situation ‘terrifying’ and ‘heartbreaking’. He said: ‘It’s absolutely heartbreaking but I’ve stood by her since we were in the jungle – she is Superwoman. What she’s doing for her kids and her family is amazing. ‘The amount of people in the industry who have been helping her is testament to how lovely she is. ‘I was lucky enough to know Derek before this all happened and it’s terrifying’. He added: ‘I’m fortunate that when my family went through something similar [Roman’s father Martin suffered two brain tumours in 1995] I got my dad back, and I pray for [Kate’s children] Darcey and William that they have that at some point.’ Kate marked son Billy’s birthday with an incredible jungle-themed bash, which they held in the family’s garden, and Roman even popped along, wearing his I’m A Celeb outfit. Roman was joined by his dad Martin, who presented Billy with an incredible jungle-themed cake. Taking to Instagram, the star shared a snap on his social media account of himself with Kate from the day. In the caption, he wrote: ‘So nice to see my amazing jungle mate @kategarraway for Bill’s birthday! ‘Got back into my jungle kit for some camping and nerf wars (Kate did tell me I need to let the outfit go now…) happy birthday Bill!’ In 2020, Martin opened up about how his two brain tumours affected his relationship with children Roman and Harley. He underwent surgery and radiotherapy to remove the tumours and, despite recovering, he has been left with epilepsy – which he controls with medication. Speaking about whether his illness made him closer to Roman, he said: ‘When I was going through that, Roman was really young, so I’m not even sure how much he remembers. But I think as a family, it still rubs off on you. ‘It makes you appreciate each other because you learn that you never know what’s around the corner. We’re all learning that right now. ‘My health battles were a long time ago, but it was a real shock and I think it stayed with me and Shirlie and, in a way, was passed down to Harley and Roman.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian finally goes Instagram-official with Pete Davidson after being declared legally single amid Kanye West divorce MORE : Kanye West all smiles with Chaney Jones on basketball date after ex Kim Kardashian goes Instagram official with Pete Davidson 