A man left a mannequin ‘staring’ at his neighbours after they complained his window was invading their privacy. Simon Cook applied for planning permission to build a roof extension with dormer and Velux windows on both sides in 2019, the High Court heard. London Borough of Wandsworth approved the application in February 2020 but the council said one of the dormer windows should be non-opening and have obscured glass – to protect neighbours’ privacy. Council planning officers did not consider this condition necessary for the Veluz window because it ‘faces the sky’. But Simon’s neighbours, Rosie and Christopher Taylor-Davies, claim the window ‘directly overlooks their bed’. They said they have to ‘live in darkness’ with the curtains closed to avoid being ‘watched day and night’. The couple, who have lived in their home near Richmond Park for 27 years, said Simon’s window even looks into their shower. They believe the window an invasive view of their bedroom because Simon’s £1.5 million home is on a slope, making it higher than theirs. The High Court was told how Simon then ‘added insult to injury’ by placing a blonde mannequin in the window to make it look as if the couple were being watched. The couple asked the court to order Simon to frost his new window. Their barrister said: ‘The overlooking of their property and the invasion of their privacy as a result of the Velux window is very distressing to them. ‘There is no good reason for the Velux window to have clear glass or be openable as there is another window very close on the opposite wall. ‘The only thing the Velux window overlooks is the top floor of the claimants’ house.’ Mrs Justice Lang ruled Simon was not breaking any laws because his window had been approved in his planning permission. But she did go on to say the mannequin proved Simon is ‘not taking his neighbours’ privacy concerns seriously’. Simon said: ‘We’ve lived here for more than 20 years, but we might have to move out because of all this. ‘We can’t take a shower or get dressed without being overlooked.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.