A special school that repeatedly strapped two autistic pupils into chairs to stop them moving has apologised after a court ruled it had breached their human rights. Five Acre Wood admitted breaking its own policy and government guidance by using mechanical restraints on twins Samuel and Jacob Montague. As a result, Kent County Council, which runs the Maidstone school, has offered their parents more than £80,000 in compensation. Samuel and Jacob, who are both non-verbal, started at Five Acre Wood in 2009 when they were four years old. The intention was that the brothers would stay at the school until they were 19. But their parents Annie and Mark pulled them out in 2013 after realising staff were strapping the boys into chairs despite objections and protests. After they took the twins, who are now 17, out of the school, they home-schooled them and both have since flourished. Now, Annie and Mark are calling for changes to the law to make it clearer restraints should not be used on children like Samuel and Jacob. In a statement issued after the settlement, they said: ‘Children with special educational needs should be protected, not strapped into chairs. ‘It has been a long, difficult process, but it has been our privilege to be the voice for Samuel and Jacob. ‘They, and other children with autism or learning disabilities, deserve the full protection of the law. ‘Local authorities should be on their side, empowering their lives, instead of using restrictive practices like restraints that can cause trauma and harm. ‘Now that the case is over, and Samuel and Jacob are safe and thriving, we look forward to campaigning to stop the use of restraints against children with special educational needs.’ The first public incident took place in 2010, when the boys were wheeled out at a school concert strapped into the ‘Hardrock’ chairs. The chairs restrain movement through a number of straps that go around the legs, arms, and shoulders. When Annie and Mark objected to the chairs’ use, the couple were told they were the only way the boys could participate in the concert and their use was a one-off. However, Annie and Mark became concerned that Samuel and Jacob were being routinely restrained while at the school. In June 2011, a clinical psychologist visited the school and witnessed one of the boys strapped into a Hardrock chair in the classroom. While on another occasion, Annie and the twins’ carer attended a school sports day where other children were outside and running around but Jacob was strapped into the chair and visibly distressed. The couple brought a civil case under the Human Rights Act against the council. The boys’ autism means they interpret the world through touch and movement, so the use of the chairs completely undermined their human rights, the couple argued. They said the use of restraints had been unlawful as the school had failed to consider less restrictive options and failed to put in place a plan to reduce their use. Five Acre Wood admitted a raft of failings including that the use of straps and trays on the specialist chairs could restrict movement and amount to mechanical restraint. The school admitted restraint took place while the boys were at school and without their parents’ agreement, which was a breach of its policy and national guidance. Catriona Rubens, the solicitor who represented the Montague family, said: ‘Samuel and Jacob were active, sensory seeking children who, because of their autism, interpret the world through movement and touch. ‘It is our view that, by strapping them into mechanical restraint chairs at school, the local authority breached their human rights and failed to deliver any therapeutic benefit to the twins. ‘We welcome Kent County Council’s sincere apology and recognition that it failed Samuel and Jacob in this case. ‘The success of Samuel and Jacob’s case is a testament to the many years their parents spent fighting to get answers from the local authority about the use of restraint against their sons.’ In a statement, Kent County Council said it ‘sincerely apologises for any harm, distress and/or pain and suffering that were caused to Samuel and Jacob and to their parents as a result of these failures’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.