Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel became infuriated and eventually snapped in a press conference on Tuesday as he was continually questioned about Roman Abramovich and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Tuchel was repeatedly asked about the war in Ukraine, how it is impacting his team, whether Abramovich should be the owner of the club and it was a question how the Russian should use his influence that eventually proved too much for the German. ‘Listen, you have to stop! I’m not a politician, you have to stop, honestly,’ Tuchel insisted. ‘I’m only repeating, and I even feel bad to repeat it because I haven’t experienced war. ‘Even to talk about it I feel bad because I’m very privileged. I sit here in peace and I do the best I can but you have to stop asking me these questions, I have no answers for you.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live This came after Tuchel had made his feelings clear that of course he is horrified by war, but is trying to focus on his job, which is managing Chelsea Football Club. ‘You decide also to ask me about war,’ he said. ‘It’s horrible, of course it’s horrible, there cannot be any other opinion about it and that’s it. ‘But why should we be more distracted than you at work? Of course it’s out there and we know there are more important things out there and this will never change. ‘This is sports and there are a lot of more important things out there and still there’s a huge distraction going on, we are worried by we try to create an atmosphere to come to work and focus on our work which is our passion. ‘We are very grateful and privileged to have it and it’s not that big a problem. But of course I thin that everyone in Europe. more or less, has some noise in their head that nobody likes. It maybe the same for you, but you try to do your job as best as possible and it’s the same for us.’ On Saturday, Abramovich announced that he is giving his ‘stewardship’ of Chelsea to the trustees of the club’s charitable foundation, although what that means in reality remains unclear. Chelsea followed this up with a brief statement on Sunday describing the ‘situation’ in Ukraine as ‘horrific and devastating’, but made no reference to Russia’s aggression. ‘The situation in Ukraine is horrific and devastating,’ Chelsea’s statement read. ‘Chelsea FC’s thoughts are with everyone in Ukraine. Everyone at the club is praying for peace.’ When asked if Chelsea’s statement which called for peace included Abramovich, Tuchel told Sky Sports on Sunday: ‘Absolutely, it includes him and it reflects my opinion and everyone else’s within the club.’ Tuchel was asked about the change in ‘stewardship’ at the club on Tuesday, saying: ‘For me as a coach and in charge of first team that decision does not change too much in daily business because I’m in daily exchange with Petr Cech and regular with Marina [Granovskaia] about how to improve the first team and this will not stop. They stay in charge. Daily basis it will not change for me I guess. ‘I have to say it’s a bit too much for me to answer. I’m not aware of any details or the whole situation.’ MORE : Man Utd hero Rio Ferdinand blown away by ‘ridiculous’ Chelsea defender Thiago Silva after Liverpool cup final defeat MORE : Mohamed Salah told Jorginho ‘don’t jump’ moments before his penalty in Chelsea’s Carabao Cup final defeat to Liverpool For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 