Channel 4 viewers were horrified following the first installment of Jeremy Kyle Show: Death on Daytime, which focused on the shocking events leading to its axe in 2019. The shocking exposé also looked into the tragic suicide of guest Steve Dymond, who took his own life after ‘failing’ a lie detector test which suggested he had cheated on his ex-partner. Former team members – who were played by actors – detailed their time working on the hit programme, with one saying she felt they had ‘blood on their hands’ following his death. Former guests also discussed their harrowing experience, and for one guest, his appearance on the Jeremy Kyle Show negatively impacted his career and mental health. ‘There were certain buttons that were pressed, that shouldn’t have been pressed on that day,’ the former security guard said. ‘My dad had been getting wound up all day long by the producers and it’s like everyone involved in the show had a hidden agenda to wind him up,’ said his son. Speaking over what happened after, he said: ‘It cost me my job in security because you can’t hold a security license if you have a criminal record. ‘I thought about Steve and I can’t help feeling that “that could quite easily have been me” had I not been so strong-minded and pulled myself back into life.’ Viewers on social media struggled to find the words to describe the ‘eye opening’ yet ‘tough’ documentary. One viewer wrote: ‘I think many of us here, myself included, have enjoyed Jeremy Kyle when it was on at some point and now feel immensely guilty #deathondaytime.’ While another added: ‘As someone who used to watch the #jeremykyleshow I feel so uncomfortable with the way the unseen footage is making me feel. I have no idea how anyone (myself included) used to watch it. #deathondaytime.’ In response to the Channel 4 documentary, ITV said it does not ‘accept the central allegation of this programme of a “bad culture” within the production team’. ‘ITV would never condone any of its production staff misleading or lying to guests.’ Elsewhere Kristie Bishop’s mother branded the ITV show ‘exploiting’ following her daughter’s drug overdose in 2020. Kristie suffered a cardiac arrest soon after arriving at Luton and Dunstable University Hospital, and underwent multiple organ failure the following day. Doctors were sadly unable to save her, and she died at the facility. ‘She lost that fight because her addiction was so strong,’ her mother said during the documentary. ‘It was the most traumatic experience I’ve ever had,’ she added. Jeremy Kyle Show: Death on Daytime returns on Monday at 9pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Saturday Night Takeaway: Stephen Mulhern breaks silence after fans left worried by absence MORE : Jeremy Kyle’s lawyers taking action against damning Channel 4 documentary claiming staff would fake mental health checks for guests 