An eight-year-old boy mysteriously died just three days after testing positive for coronavirus. Jasper Bryan Cook came home from school, feeling unwell on January 17 and tested positive for the virus the next day. His family, from Birkenshaw in West Yorkshire, said Jasper – a normally healthy child – was ‘a little sick’ when he first got the virus. But on January the little boy suddenly took a turn for the worst and started struggling to breathe on January 21. This is when his mum Kim, 39, decided to call an ambulance. She said there were ‘no warning signs’ things were getting so bad. Parademics rushed Jasper to Bradford Royal Infirmary but he was tragically pronounced dead that day. Kim and her husband Ian, 40, are still unsure as to how their son died so suddenly. They are hoping the coroner’s report will have some of the answers. ‘It’s taken the legs out from under us,’ Kim said. Remembering her son, she added: ‘He was funny, cheeky, all he wanted was cuddles. He loved snuggles. He was a Lego fanatic. ‘He was a big supporter of Formula 1 and Lewis Hamilton, we spent lots of time snuggled on the sofa watching F1 and also Watford FC due to Grandpa being a lifelong supporter.’ ‘Everybody said his smile lit up the room. He was gorgeous. It’s devastating. ‘We would not wish this on our worst enemy, on anybody, it’s like a living nightmare. It should not happen to an eight-year-old.’ Children are generally far less at risk of developing serious illness from Covid-19 than adults, though a small number do get seriously ill and die. Others also face the devastating impacts of long Covid – but in far fewer numbers than older people. Jasper’s dad Ian, 40, echoed his partner’s thoughts and said: ‘It took a long time to accept that it had happened, and he was not coming home. ‘There’s a huge Jasper-shaped hole, it’s never going to be filled. Words just can’t really express the loss that we are feeling.’ Jasper’s school is planning to create a well-being garden in his memory. The garden will be ‘a place for reflection and contemplation and will be a lasting legacy to such an amazing young man’, they said. Kim and Ian are now fundraising to contribute to the memorial. They are also hoping to be able to donate to relevant charities once they know how Jasper died. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 