A schoolboy who died suddenly at school hours after telling his parents he loved them has been named as Ryan Heffernan. The 12-year-old collapsed in Southend-on-Sea, Essex, while playing with his friends on Monday. An air ambulance raced to Shoeburyness High School but he could not be revived. Tributes have been left to the popular boy from classmates after the untimely death traumatised staff and pupils alike. One note left at the scene read ‘fly high’ while another simply said: ‘I didn’t know you but I hope you rest in peace.’ An online fundraising page has been set up by a friend on GoFundMe to help his parents Mike and Catherine with the cost of Ryan’s funeral. A statement on the page reads: ‘Ryan was a 12-year-old kind-hearted, happy, full of life young boy. ‘Monday morning he left for school healthy and happy saying “I love you” to his family (this was the last thing he said to them). ‘He was only in his first year of senior school, a year 7 student on his lunch break when he was sadly taken. ‘No parent should have to endure this pain, I cannot begin to imagine how hard it must be to process.’ His death is being treated as unexplained but third-party involvement has been ruled out. Essex Police, the force investigating the tragedy, said it is working with the school to establish the facts around the incident. District commander Ian Hughes previously said: ‘I would like to offer my condolences to the boy’s family and we are doing everything we can to support them through this tragic and difficult time. ‘Our officers remain at the school at this time to continue our enquiries. ‘We will continue to investigate the circumstances into the boy’s death and will work with the school tomorrow. ‘We are aware of comments on social media, and we want to reassure the local community and parents of pupils at the school, no knife was involved during this tragic incident.’ Southend City Council also say they are supporting the school and the family. A spokesperson said: ‘Our thoughts are very much with the family and whole school community at this difficult time.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.