The Wanted’s Tom Parker has revealed he’ll be missing the first couple of shows of his band’s tour due to his cancer treatment. The 33-year-old singer, who revealed in October 2020 that he had been diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour, has been ‘given a lifeline’ with revolutionary treatments at a private hospital in Spain. Although his programme was only scheduled to last 20 days, Tom has since revealed that last-minute ‘logistical changes’ now mean he won’t be back in time for the beginning of the tour, which starts on Thursday (March 3). ‘So, as most of you know, I’ve been out in Spain on a treatment programme for the past couple of weeks,’ he began in a statement shared on Instagram. ‘It was only meant to last 20 days but due to a couple of logistical changes with tests and results it won’t be complete until the end of the week now which has delayed our journey home.’‘I’m obviously gutted that I’ll be missing the first few shows but as I’m sure you will understand, I have to complete my treatment cycle,’ Tom continued. ‘I’ve been zooming into rehearsals all week and I know that the show will be incredible and that my boys will hold the fort until I’m back. Can’t wait to see you all very soon, hope you all enjoy the show.’ The Wanted’s upcoming tour kicks off in Glasgow tomorrow before moving to Newcastle, Leeds, Bournemouth and Brighton. It concludes on March 17 at the M&S Bank Arena in Liverpool. In 2020, Tom was told by doctors that he likely had 12-18 months to live. He went on to have six rounds of chemotherapy and 30 radiotherapy sessions and has been keeping fans up to date with his ongoing treatment. His treatment thus far led to a ‘significant reduction’ in the size of his tumour as it reached a point where it was deemed stable. It was reported last month, Tom’s treatment in Spain includes using an oxygen machine, massages, and a special diet. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 