A tiny chihuahua performing Tchaikovsky’s Swan Lake at this year’s Crufts has rightly taken the internet by storm. The small dog gracefully pranced around the stage while its owner, who was dressed in a white leotard and tutu, danced beside it. They weren’t alone either, as a toy black swan and two white swans were perfectly placed on the ground as they glided in-between them. Believe us when we say these scenes were high art. Unsurprisingly, the bizarre moment went viral following Sunday’s competition with television presenter Lorraine Kelly among those transfixed by the spectacle. ‘THIS IS FABULOUS,’ she gawped. Others were also blown away, with one writing: ‘This is one of the greatest things I’ve ever seen. Truly aspirational dog parenting right here.’ Echoing a similar sentiment, another penned: ‘There is no point making any future content – this is the Content of all Content.’ Despite the chihuahua’s Swan Lake routine capturing the hearts of many across the globe, the pet failed to take home any medals. Instead, a flat-coated retriever was crowned best in show at the 2022 Crufts dog show. The champion, named Baxer, beat six other finalists to claim the show’s top honour on Sunday. A toy poodle known as Waffle was named reserve dog. Baxter’s owner Patrick Oware was overcome with emotion after his pooch’s victory. ‘He’s just a fantastic dog,’ he exclaimed while wiping tears from his eyes. ‘I don’t have any words, it’s just amazing,’ he continued. ‘I am really proud of him. It’s just a true credit to his breeders.’ A team of Newfoundlands belonging to Leicestershire paramedic Pete Lewin won the Kennel Club Hero Dog award. Newfoundlands are natural water dogs, and Mr Lewin uses them to help de-stress people afraid of open-water swimming. The Crufts Dog Show was broadcast live on Channel 4 from the NEC in Birmingham. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 