Head bandaged, blood coming from his mouth, this is one of the latest victims of dictator Vladimir Putin’s invasion on Ukraine. However, despite how he looks, the unidentified child is one of the lucky ones. He was injured when a residential area of the Ukrainian city of Sumy was bombed, killing 21 people, including two children. The north-eastern settlement has come under heavy shelling over the last 13 days and last night Russia is believed to have dropped 1,000lb bombs on homes in two streets. Anton Gerashchenko, advisor to the Interior Minster said: ‘The rubble is still being cleared. But the fact of the death of 18 civilians has already been established. Including two children.’ Officials later said the death toll had risen to 21. Images show the scale of devastation caused by the strikes, with homes completely flattened. Ukraine’s State Emergency Department said rescuers were sent to clear up the debris after Russia ‘ruthlessly struck the housing sector,’ in an ‘insidious attack’. Footage shared by the Parliament of Ukraine also showed a blaze tearing through the wreckage, after the bombs caused residential buildings to catch fire. A tweet from the official Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine account said:  ‘Russian planes dropped bombs on #Sumy, #Ukraine, there are civilian casualties. ‘The bombs hit residential areas of the city. Houses houses of civilians were demolished and damaged. The Russian army also shelled #Okhtyrka. This is a targeted attack on civilians.’ Ukrainian authorities accused Russia of crimes against humanity as they shared graphic photos of the victims, including the injured child. They said Putin is trying to ‘bombard cities into submission’ as they reiterated calls for a no-fly zone above Ukraine’s skies. Nato has ruled out the measure amid fears of provoking a wider war in Europe. Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky is expected make a renewed plea for intervention when he addresses UK MPs in a historic video-link address to parliament later today. Mr Zelensky has called for more punitive measures against Russia, including a global boycott of its oil exports, which are key to its economy. ‘If (Russia) doesn’t want to abide by civilised rules, then they shouldn’t receive goods and services from civilisation,’ he said in a video address. Meanwhile at the Hague, Ukraine accused Moscow of resorting to ‘tactics reminiscent of medieval siege warfare’ including ‘encircling cities, cutting off escape routes and pounding the civilian population with heavy ordnance’. It comes as Ukrainians boarded buses to flee  Sumy on Tuesday, the first evacuation from a Ukrainian city through a humanitarian corridor agreed with Russia after several failed attempts in recent days. Sumy governor Dmitro Zhivitskiy said in a video statement that the first buses had already departed Sumy for the city of Poltava, further west. He said priority would be given to the disabled, pregnant women and children in orphanages. The ceasefire is meant to last from 09:00 till 21:00 local time. But Ukrainian leaders are skeptical, after prior efforts to establish evacuation routes crumbled within minutes amid renewed attacks from Kremlin forces. With the invasion well into its second week, Russian troops have made significant advances in southern Ukraine but stalled in some other regions. Soldiers and volunteers fortified the capital, Kyiv, with hundreds of checkpoints and barricades designed to thwart a takeover. Shells and rockets have continued to fall on other population centres, including the Kyiv suburb of Bucha, where the mayor reported heavy artillery fire. ‘We can’t even gather up the bodies because the shelling from heavy weapons doesn’t stop day or night,’ Mayor Anatol Fedoruk said. ‘Dogs are pulling apart the bodies on the city streets. It’s a nightmare.’ Earlier Moscow had proposed to evacuate Ukrainians into Russia, but this was rejected by Ukraine as a manipulation and propaganda that will put people’s life in danger. Russia’s plan aimed to allow civilians to leave Kyiv, Mariupol, Kharkiv and Sumy, using routes toward Russia or its ally Belarus, which was a launchpad for the invasion. Ukraine instead proposed eight routes allowing civilians to travel to western regions of the country where there is no shelling. Evacuations are now underway in Sumy and Irpin, on the outskirts of Kyiv. But elsewhere, in the encircled southern port of Mariupol, an estimated 200,000 people – nearly half the population – are hoping to flee. The city is short on water, food and power, and mobile phone networks are down. Hospitals in Mariupol are facing severe shortages of antibiotics and painkillers, and doctors have performed some emergency procedures without them. People are being advised to stay in shelters as Red Cross officials waiting to hear when a corridor will be established. Demands for effective passageways have surged amid intensifying shelling by Russian forces. The steady bombardments, including in some of Ukraine’s most populated regions, have yielded a humanitarian crisis of diminishing food, water and medical supplies.