Real Housewives of New York fans have been left divided over the shock news that the franchise is being recast. It was confirmed earlier today that season 14 will see a shiny new bunch of RHONY housewives lead the charge, after ratings for the last series dwindled. The cast currently consists of OGs Ramona Singer and Luann de Lesseps, alongside Sonja Morgan, Leah McSweeney and newbie Eboni Williams – who could now star on a new Legacy series. After months of speculation, Andy Cohen announced the shake-up in a chat with Variety, explaining that bosses are on the lookout for a ‘multicultural’ group of friends to take the beloved franchise to new levels, while previous cast members could return for the unnamed spin-off. This has left fans baffled over where the future lies for their favorites, and what could be in store for the future of RHONY. Rushing to Twitter, a viewer fumed: ‘Ew this is NOT what we wanted ughhhhh #RHONY is ruined forever.’ As another agreed: ‘A whole new cast for the show has me divided. They definitely should keep a couple of OG’s to make it feel like #RHONY.’ ‘No-one cares about #RHONY – let it die. It’s over,’ a follower suggested. ‘Wait? #RHONY comes off the worst season in history, with no reunion and @BravoTV rewards them with TWO side by seasons? Any other city would have been canceled,’ a Twitter user said. While many more were thrilled at the chance of getting a double dose of New York on their screens. ‘We really thought Bravo would cancel #RHONY but instead they gave us two RHONY shows,’ one said. ‘TWO #RHONY FRANCHISES COMING. THIS IS THE BEST NEWS EVER Bravo Bravo Fking Bravo,’ a fan celebrated. ‘I don’t know what Bravo is doing with #RHONY but I’m open to it,’ a viewer suggested. ‘I don’t have enough real details yet but two different shows could be interesting. I’ll give it a whirl.’ As another celebrated: ‘I think two #RHONY’s is such a good idea  I CANNOT WAIT!’ RHONY premiered in March, 2008, and has been a major fan favorite ever since, following original cast members Ramona, Luann, Jill Zarin, Bethenny Frankel and Alex McCord. Since then, a host of other housewives have held a coveted apple, including Dorinda Medley, Tinsley Mortimer and Heather Thompson. Speaking of what is next for the beloved franchise, Andy told Variety: ‘You know that we’re at a crossroads for RHONY. We’ve spent a lot of time figuring out where to go. And the plan that we’ve come up with, I think, is a real gift to the fans. ‘There are thousands of stories to tell here. This is the most multicultural, diverse, and energetic and exciting city in America: We are searching for a multicultural group of friends who really best reflect the most exciting city in the country. ‘We’re looking for a group of women who are real friends, and who are of diverse backgrounds, races and religions.’ He also confirmed the spin-off, which will feature ex-cast members from the original show over the years, but does not have an official title, cast or air date. Andy remained tight-lipped on who could be returning for the reboot, which is ‘being developed and produced for Bravo’. Real Housewives of New York is available to stream on hayu now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Stacey prepares for the worst as Jean’s bipolar spirals MORE : Sex Education star Emma Mackey latest addition to Dreamhouse as she ‘lands role in Margot Robbie live-action Barbie film’ 