A group of men shouted ‘glory to Ukraine’ as they appeared to take a Russian tank for a joyride. The Ukrainians cheered and laughed as the T-80BVM armoured battle tank rode across snow-covered fields. One man filming on his phone yelled ‘we did it’ in what is likely to be a rare moment of joy amid the onslaught. The footage comes amid reports of Russian soldiers fleeing and surrendering as morale hits new lows. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Kremlin troops are said to be ‘crying in combat’ and ‘operating in complete disarray’ amid food and fuel shortages. Some were allegedly deceived by their commanders who are accused of telling them they were being sent to do ‘training exercises’. Others were apparently informed Ukrainians would ‘welcome them as heroes’. The new video was posted to Twitter by an account that tracks the ‘usage and capture of material in Ukraine.’ Other local people have also stumbled upon other abandoned military vehicles and weapons, Ukrainian Weapons Tracker claims. This is said to include a vacuum bomb launcher that was in ‘good condition and fully loaded’. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy claimed this morning that nearly 9,000 Russian soldiers have been killed since the invasion began a week ago. ‘They will not have calm here, they will not have food, they will not have one quiet moment’, he said in a video. ‘The occupiers will receive only one thing from Ukrainians: Resistance. Fierce resistance. ‘Such resistance that they will forever remember that we don’t give up what is ours, that they will remember what a patriotic war is.’ But Moscow gave a far lower figure yesterday, saying yesterday 498 of Vladimir Putin’s troops have died so far. Russian officials dismissed reports about ‘incalculable losses’ as ‘disinformation’ in their first remarks on the matter. The ministry also claimed more than 2,870 Ukrainian soldiers and ‘nationalists’ had been killed, according to Interfax. Both numbers could not be independently verified. Civilian death tolls also greatly vary, with Ukraine’s State Emergency Service saying yesterday more than 2,000 civilians have lost their lives. The United Nations’ human rights office said on Thursday it had recorded the deaths of 136 civilians, including 13 children. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.