When Carla Isolano and her partner Ben first brought their semi-detached Shrewsbury home for £445,000, they knew it had a lot of potential – despite being a very run-down. Now six years later, the couple have transformed the dated property and given it a new lease of life – adding £450,000 to its value. Photographer Carla, 39, says the pair were drawn to the home’s period features – such as its high ceilings. But the five-bedroom house hadn’t been decorated for decades – so was in desperate need of some TLC. The couple started by tackling the living room and used panelling to give it a more modern feel, which cost £2,000 – plus they prepped and stained the original flooring for £1,000. They also designed the kitchen themselves to save money. ‘Although we hired a carpenter to fit ours, we cut out the middle man with no kitchen designer, so we saved money without compromising on quality,’ Carla explains. They also gutted and refitted the bathroom and changed the layout by moving the hot water tank. Finally, they tackled the bedroom, by adding MDF panelling and moulding, and creating a built-in wardrobe with a hidden door to an en-suite. Carla and Ben didn’t have any DIY experience before this project, so hired professionals to carry out any work they couldn’t do themselves. But they say they’ve learnt so much along the way, and have now built radiator covers, a garden pergola, decking, fencing and a shed. One thing that helped them was that many of the original features from the house – including the wooden flooring – remained intact, so could be upcycled. Carla said: ‘[My favourite room] is the living room, because it’s full of period features and has great proportions. It’s also got an open fire, which creates a lovely atmosphere. ‘We have done all the decorating and as much DIY as we could, as well as most of the garden and the tiling. ‘We used plumbers, electricians, plasterers and carpenters for the rest.’ In total, the couple spent around £85,000 transforming the property – a process that’s taken them six years to complete. Next up on the agenda, Carla and Ben plan to update the hallway and add bespoke shelving, panelling and storage to their playroom. Carla is so happy with the end result, she’s even started renting the space out for photoshoots and filming – and has gained a large following on TikTok and Instagram (@locationhouseofbeau) for her before and after snaps. In terms of advice for anyone thinking of doing the same, Carla says to try and do as much as you can yourself. She adds: ‘Shop around where you can, as you don’t need to buy the most expensive items – mid-range and budget can be really great quality, too. ‘Finishing touches really do matter, such as changing plastic switches for brass. ‘It seems like a small detail, but makes a big difference to the overall look and finish.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Five-bed house is on sale for £200k – but it’s not in the best shape inside MORE : You can move in next door to the Queen as former station master’s house goes on sale for £1.2million MORE : More than half of homebuyers say the process was even more stressful than they thought it would be