The Chase quizzers Paul Sinha and Mark Labbett have strongly denied all rumors that they clashed with the wardrobe team over their signature show suits. A report claimed that the two quiz masters ‘demanded they wear Savile Row suits on the ITV set’. Addressing the claims on Twitter, Paul blasted the reports and stressed that he ‘cheerfully’ wears anything he has been given. ‘It shouldn’t matter, it’s just nonsense,’ he wrote. ‘But when you spend your TV career being an obliging yes man with no demands, who just gets on with doing what he’s told, it is just so odd to read. ‘The reports say ITV was contacted for a comment. Here’s one. Be better. Write about real things, things that matter. The planet is full of great people doing great things. Tell their story. Stop worsening people’s mental health by fabricating non stories.’ While Mark, aka The Beast simply quipped: ‘Contrary to the tabloid reports I don’t get my suits from Saville Row, currently getting them off the rack of a lovely place in Golders Green :) #ShopLocal.’ Paul, 51, confirmed in 2019 that he was diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease – a condition that affects motor skills, and sometimes cognitive abilities and/or emotions-  following a two-year health battle. The doctor – who has starred alongside presenter Bradley Walsh and fellow chasers Anne Hegerty, Shaun Wallace, and Mark on the game show since 2011 –  thanked his husband Oliver Levy for the support. While Mark, 56, shocked fans after showing the results of his impressive weight loss, which has taken him from a 5XL to XL. When he visited the Loose Women panel last year, he credited dropping a staggering five trouser sizes to a low sugar and carb diet and ‘running after a hyperactive toddler’. He said: ‘I’m not a drinker, but sugar has always been my downfall. A good friend of mine who had the gastric band said it won’t do any good for me as I get all my calories by sugar, and it’s too easy to digest.’ The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Married At First Sight’s Olivia Frazer boldly claims she’s ‘more hated than Putin’ after losing job ‘as direct result’ of show MORE : Gino D’Acampo ‘sad’ to announce break from This Morning and confirms return to Italy 