Love Is Blind worlds collided when Lauren Speed and Cameron Hamilton came together with season two stars of the Netflix series, including Iyanna McNeely and Jarrette Jones, to help host a wedding. The lovebirds appeared on the first series of the dating show, which hit our screens in 2020, and their romance from the pods to the altar played out in front of cameras. And they were on hand to help another couple put the finishing touches to their big day in style. Love Is Blind hosts Vanessa and Nick Lachey made sure that superfans Alexandra and Olaf Erdmann had the wedding day of dreams in Las Vegas, and wrangled some familiar faces to make sure it went without a hitch. Cameron and Lauren joined season two stars Jarrette, Iyanna, Nick, Deepti, Danielle and Sal in helping to throw the happy couple a day they would never forget. Appearing in a video appeal to the OGs, Vanessa said: ‘What is more exciting than running off to Las Vegas to celebrate your happily ever after?’ ‘We’ve found an amazing couple, they’re huge Love Is Blind fans and they’ve already created an incredible foundation together,’ Nick continued. ‘Now they’re ready to say, “I Do”. ‘We really want to give them the night they deserve so we figured we’d ask you guys to help us throw them the most amazing wedding at the Love Is Blind wedding chapel in Las Vegas.’ Without missing a beat, the pair arrived in Vegas, ready to officiate their ceremony. ‘Alex and Olaf, you withstood the test of time and distance until you could be reunited because you have such a strong bond,’ Cameron said. ‘You have fallen in love so completely that today, you are united in marriage for the rest of your lives.’ Taking to Instagram, he also blessed us all with a glimpse of their surprise, as well as a loved-up snap with fellow podsters Jarrette and Iyanna. ‘Surprise! We flew to Vegas to help this LIB superfan couple tie the knot,’ he captioned the sweet post. ‘Head to @loveisblindnetflix to watch the full video and see who else crashed this wedding! ‘I also had the opportunity to meet up with my family while we were there! ‘These were memories for a lifetime! Suit by @hideokibespoke.’ Of course, everyone went wild for the meet-up, and shared their praise in the comments section below. A follower yelled: ‘Yassssss this makes me so happy!’ Another agreed: ‘I love this so much. My favorite couple from each season! Love the love!’ ‘Awwwwuuu my favs all in one picture [sic],’ an Instagram user shared. ‘My 4 FAVORITE LIB people. The 2 best couples EVER,’ one penned. As a fan added: ‘Um the Jones and the Hamilton’s together? Just break the internet why don’t you!’ They are definitely trying! Love Is Blind is available to stream on Netflix now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dolly Parton reveals hilarious reason why she doesn’t ride the rollercoasters at Dollywood: ‘I have too much to lose… like my hair’ MORE : Victoria and David Beckham dig deep and donate ‘£1million’ to kick-start their Ukraine emergency appeal 