Kylie Jenner has shocked fans after announcing she has changed her son’s name from Wolf. The cosmetics mogul welcomed her second child with boyfriend Travis Scott on February 2, a day after celebrating daughter Stormi’s fourth birthday. A short while later, Kylie, 24, announced they had decided to name him Wolf Webster, but it seems the couple have had a change of heart. Sharing the surprising news on Monday, the reality star wrote in her Instagram stories: ‘FYI our son’s name isn’t Wolf anymore, we just really didn’t feel like it was him. ‘Just wanted to share because I keep seeing Wolf everywhere.’ However, she left fans in even more suspense as she didn’t reveal her baby boy’s new name. The revelation came just hours after Kylie released a video titled To Our Son, sharing a closer insight into her pregnancy journey with her second-born. During the nine-minute video, the couple’s family members leave personal messages with Kim and Khloe Kardashian, and Kendall and Kris Jenner among those to make an appearance. Kendall says: ‘Ky you inspire me so much with being a mum. I’m not a mum yet myself and I look up to you so much with how you raise Stormi and how you’re going to raise your new baby. ‘I’m so excited and I already love the baby so much.’ Kim and daughter North told the camera: ‘It’s auntie Kiki and Northie. I just want you to know we love you so much, we’ve got you for life, we’re family for life. ‘I pray you love the family you are born into, because we’re very special. We love you and we can’t wait to meet you.’ Khloe agreed: ‘Kylie, we love you, we adore you. Baby we love you, we adore you. I cannot wait for me to be your favourite aunt. I’m everyone’s favourite aunt.’ Through tears, Kris continued: ‘To my new grandchild, who I cannot wait for you to get here. I think about you everyday and I’m just really excited to meet you and to welcome you to the family. I love you already. ‘You’re coming into the most amazing family, lots of cousins, you’re going to have the best life because you have the best parents and the best family.’ Kylie also reveals her pregnancy cravings were steak, eating ‘red meat for lunch and dinner and a baked potato, just a lot of meat’. The montage also includes the moment Kylie gave birth and Travis, 30, can be heard in the background saying to the newborn: ‘What up big boy.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Walking Dead star Moses J Moseley’s cause of death remains ‘undetermined’ MORE : Ed Sheeran’s legal battle over Shape of You ‘deeply traumatising’, court hears 