Division and frustration continue to reign in the Manchester United dressing room with one player labelling a teammate a ‘teacher’s pet’ as current malaise deepens. United’s season suffered another desperate blow as they were thrashed 4-1 by neighbours Manchester City at the Etihad on Sunday, slipping out of the top four as a result. Roy Keane and Gary Neville were among the former United players to slam the attitudes and application of the current squad where a number of issues continue to cause serious problems. While Donny van de Beek and Anthony Martial were among those allowed to leave on loan in January, fringe players in the squad have still ‘expressed bitterness’ at being overlooked by Ralf Rangnick, according to the Manchester Evening News. The report details one player describing a teammate as a ‘teacher’s pet’ due to his regular game time under the German coach. Another has grown increasingly jealous of the attention his rivals for a starting spot have received. Just as worryingly, some members of the squad are still unsatisfied with Rangnick’s methods and have derided his accomplishments in the game. The German’s only major triumph is a German Cup success in 2011 having largely taken up director roles over the last decade. The report also claims Eric Bailly is among the players unhappy with the situation with the defender ‘irked’ by Harry Maguire’s persistent presence in the side. Diogo Dalot is also said to be surprised to have found himself out of the team again with Dean Henderson still unhappy with his place in the pecking order behind David de Gea. Marcus Rashford meanwhile is reportedly considering his future at Old Trafford due to his lack of minutes, having started just two of the last 11 league games. MORE : ‘There’s big problems’ Gary Neville claims Ralf Rangnick is hiding issues in Manchester United dressing room MORE : Manchester United youngster earns shock Argentina call up as part of battle with Spain For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 