AJ Odudu was among the stars attending a pre-Bafta dinner in London this week, looking chic in a black suit. The former Strictly star, 34, who had to pull out of the show before the final due to injuring her foot, looked relaxed and happy as she attended the event at Bafta’s headquarters. She opted for a stylish black suit for the occasion, with gold detailing on the boning of the bodice as well as around the pockets. AJ kept her hair down in loose waves and added statement dangling earrings and a matching ring to complete the look. Also attending was model Roxy Horner, 30, who opted for a black cocktail dress with spaghetti straps and a beaded handbag. She kept her hair in simple waves and added a cats eye look with eyeliner to complete her evening ensemble. Presenter Melvin Odoom was also in attendance at the event, looking dapper in a black jumper under a smart grey suit jacket with black buttons which he left open and a matching pocket square. Also in attendance were Great British Bake Off finalists Crystelle Pereira and Ruby Bhogal who both stunned on the red carpet. Ruby kept it casual in an open white shirt over a black top and camel trousers paired with flip flops, with gold chains layered around her neck. Crystelle, meanwhile, opted for a stylish emerald green dress with a blazer-style design and nude heels, keeping her jewellery simple with just small hooped earrings. Guests at the event were treated to dinner presented by Bafta’s executive chef, Anton Manganaro. This year’s Bafta Film Awards are set to take place on March 13, honouring the best in British and international contributions to film, and will be hosted by Rebel Wilson. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Girl who asked Disney for first princess with glasses invited to Baftas by Encanto director MORE : How Tom Allen plans to entice Leonardo DiCaprio into an interview at Baftas 