WWE superstar Big E feels lucky to be alive after breaking his neck on SmackDown last week. The former world champion suffered a horror injury as he teamed up with his New Day partner Kofi Kingston against Ridge Holland and Sheamus, and fans were amazed to find out he won’t require surgery. In another miraculous twist, Big E’s doctor has told him the incident could have been a lot worse, and the star admitted ‘life feels even more precious’ in the wake of the accident. He tweeted: ‘Had my first doctor’s appointment and learning (because of the C1 fracture) I narrowly escaped a stroke, paralysis or death is very sobering. Life feels even more precious and valuable now.’ Plenty of fans and fellow stars have replied on Twitter with grateful messages and well wishes, and his fellow SmackDown star Sami Zayn was among those who publicly responded. He wrote: ‘It’s a miracle just to be alive. Grateful for the chance to have this short time together, sharing the ring, sharing stories, and sharing laughs.’ On March 11, Big E was stretchered out of the arena and rushed to hospital in Birmingham, Alabama and he later gave fans a major health update from the ward. He said in a video on social media: ‘So I got some really good news all things considered. The C1 and C6 are indeed fractured, non-displacement though, which is a good thing. ‘I don’t have any damage to my spinal cord. No ligament damage and no surgery, which I’m very thankful for. Pro-tip, if you’re going to break your neck, do it in Birmingham. They’ve been great. ‘Everyone here has been great. For real, it’s meant a ton to me that so many of you have been so kind and reached out or stopped in to see me. I feel like I sound like a broken record, but I’m very grateful and I’m gonna be alright. It’s a blessing.’ Following the incident, Big E had taken to Twitter and shared a video from his hospital bed while wearing a neck brace as he thanked everyone for their ‘concern’ and support. He said at the time: ‘I can’t thank all of you beautiful people enough for all of your concern and your messages, it’s very heartwarming. I can move all my digits. You see that, that’s nice. That’s always a good thing. ‘Strength feels fine, but unfortunately right now they tell me my neck is broken, so there’s that. ‘Once again, thank you everybody, I’m going to be alright. I’ll be good. Don’t worry. Go to sleep. Don’t worry about old me, but for real, thank you and I appreciate all of you.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE legend JBL says Stone Cold Steve Austin is in ‘amazing’ shape for WrestleMania return MORE : WWE Raw results, grades: Seth Rollins rampage after losing last chance at WrestleMania match 