Ukraine is using facial recognition software to identify Russian soldiers killed in combat and trace their families to inform them of their deaths, the country’s vice prime minister has said. Mykhailo Fedorov, who also runs the ministry of digital transformation, told Reuters officials had been using Clearview AI software to find the social media accounts of dead enemy troops. The news agency reported earlier this month that Ukraine had started using the technology, which finds images on the web that match faces from uploaded photos, but the purpose was unclear. Mr Fedorov said: ‘As a courtesy to the mothers of those soldiers, we are disseminating this information over social media to at least let families know that they they’ve lost their sons and to then enable them to come to collect their bodies.’ He declined to specify the number of bodies identified through facial recognition but he said the percentage of recognised individuals claimed by families has been ‘high’. Reuters was unable to independently confirm this. Opponents of facial recognition, including civil rights groups, have decried Ukraine’s adoption of Clearview, citing the possibility of misidentification. Albert Fox Cahn, founder of the Surveillance Technology Oversight Project, told Forbes said the introduction of the software into the war could be disastrous – regardless of how noble the intention. He said: ‘This is a human rights catastrophe in the making. When facial recognition makes mistakes in peacetime, people are wrongly arrested. ‘When facial recognition makes mistakes in a war zone, innocent people get shot.’ Mr Cahn added: ‘When facial recognition inevitably misidentifies the dead, it will mean heartbreak for the living.’ Clearview is battling a lawsuit in US federal court filed by consumers in Chicago under the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act. The ongoing case concerns whether the company’s gathering of images from the internet violated privacy law. Clearview says its actions have been legal. It says its face matches should only be a starting point in investigations. Mr Fedorov said that Ukraine was not using the technology to identify its own troops killed in battle. He did not specify why. Ukraine’s Ministry of Internal Affairs did not respond to requests for comment. It has been overseeing the country’s Look For Your Own project, a Telegram channel where it posts images of unidentified captured or killed Russian soldiers and invites claims from relatives. The Ukrainian government has an online form where Russian relatives can submit a claim to collect a body. Mr Fedorov did not provide details of how the bodies are being returned to families and Reuters could not independently determine that. Ukraine’s military has said some 15,000 Russian soldiers have been killed since Russia invaded on February 24. Russia has said its casualties are much lower during what it describes as a ‘special military operation’ to demilitarise Ukraine. The Kremlin did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment on Ukraine’s use of Clearview. Richard Bassed, head of the forensic medicine department at Monash University in Australia, said fingerprints, dental records and DNA remain the most common ways of confirming someone’s identity. Obtaining pre-death samples of such data from enemy fighters is challenging, though, opening the door to innovative techniques such as facial recognition. But clouded eyes and injured and expressionless faces potentially make facial recognition unreliable on the dead, said Mr Bassed, who has been researching the technology. In the United States, the Armed Forces Medical Examiner System said it has not adopted automated facial recognition because the technology is not currently generally accepted in the forensic community. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.