Kian Egan’s wife Jodi Albert has revealed the couple suffered a miscarriage earlier this year. The Westlife star’s partner – with whom he has sons Koa, 10, Zekey, six, and Cobi, four -has shared their ‘painful loss’ in a heartbreaking Instagram post after a fan had previously guessed she was pregnant when she shared a picture on social media last month. She wrote: ‘I posted a similar pic to this on Valentine’s Day.. one person commented and said she looks pregnant.. ‘On any other occasion I might have been offended but on this occasion I thought.. ooh she guessed it right, I am and I cannot wait to get to 12 weeks to share our happy news!!! ‘But sadly we lost our little one at 9weeks pregnant .. this is my second miscarriage although 3 1/2 years apart… ‘This one hit differently because we allowed ourselves to get excited and dream about what the future would look like with a new beautiful little blessing to add to our family. (sic)’ Jodi admitted she had ‘deleted’ her post ‘so many times’ before sharing the tragic news, but she hopes opening up can help other people dealing with the same thing. She continued: ‘I have written out this post and deleted it so many times as my biggest fear has been having to tell people but I know that by talking or posting about it, it can be so helpful for anyone going through this painful loss.. to know that your not alone and although that little baby was never born it still has a huge place in your heart. ‘The silence after the D&C procedure is deafening because you are left with so many thoughts and questions that can sometimes never be answered. ‘I have found comfort in reading and listening to women who have been through the same thing and I suppose this is why I’m pushing through my fear and speaking out. ‘I think it’s part of a positive healing process or maybe it’s just for me to remember that it was real and that little baby did exist and was loved so much.’ Meanwhile, Jodi paid tribute to Kian and hailed her husband as her ‘rock’ and ‘the most amazing man’, while he had some words of support for his partner on his own Instagram post. He wrote: ‘I don’t really have any words to describe this woman. All I know is I love her with all my heart. ‘She is the strongest person I know. We have been through some heart break recently. A heart break that will never go away. Love you my soul mate’. Jodi later took to her Instagram Story and thanked everyone for their ‘support and love’ after her post. She said: ‘Thank you so much for all your messages on my last post. I’m truly overwhelmed by the support and love. I am reading through every single one. ‘Thank you to those who are sharing and confiding in me with your own experiences with miscarriage. My heart goes out to each and everyone of you. Thank you for helping me heal too.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Hollyoaks’ Jorgie Porter opens up about quadruplets miscarriage: ‘We lost four pieces of our hearts’ MORE : Jessie J ‘in happiest place’ after dealing with devastating miscarriage: ‘My perspective on life has completely changed’ 