In his latest column, the British boxing legend offers some advice to Amir Khan amid talk he will now push for a rematch against Kell Brook while also looking ahead to another double bill of Fightzone action. While it looked like he was ready to call it a day after losing to Kell Brook last month, the rumours are that Amir Khan is ready to activate his rematch clause and fight his old rival again. But I can’t help but think that Amir would be making a massive, massive mistake if he is to do that. Amir is 35 now and has been in the spotlight since he was 17. I just think there are too many miles on the clock. He has suffered a lot of heavy knockout defeats and been in a lot of wars over the years. Ultimately I think was the main reason for his performance that night against Kell, he just wasn’t at it. It all comes down to that. It’s been a long career for Amir, 40 professional fights against plenty of elite operators. He has done the country so proud with his accomplishments, winning his Olympic silver medal all those years ago in Athens before becoming a unified world champion by the age of 24. They are phenomenal achievements. His fighting style has entertained us for years. But I can’t help but think that fighting again would be a massive mistake. It is another double whammy for Fightzone this weekend as they continue a cracking start to 2022. Friday we are north of the border again with Dean Sutherland in action against Corey McCulloch in an all-Scottish affair. Dean is really establishing himself in Scotland which is the right thing to do. Undefeated in his 12 fights, he is building himself up on these shows, building up his fanbase and keeps impressing which will lead to bigger and better things down the road. He is heading in the right direction. Sunday takes us international with Samuel Vargas taking on Przemyslaw Runowski for the IBO international welterweight in Canada. Samuel has mixed it up with some of the very best at welterweight, having shared the ring with the likes of Errol Spence Jr, Amir Khan, Vergil Ortiz and Danny Garcia – he gave Amir some real trouble that night after putting him down in the second round. He will be looking to establish himself again after that heavy defeat to Conor Benn last year – he has been a gatekeeper or sorts in recent years but it’s a great opportunity for him in Canada. It’s a big step for Fightzone and shows they have global appeal. Lee Baxter is a promoter doing great things over in Canada and is developing a good relationship with Dennis Hobson’s fight academy and Fightzone, it can only be a good thing for boxing. Hopefully it means getting British fighters fighting out in Canada and some Canadian fighters coming over here to fight to get them that experience and spice things up a bit. Get all the Fightzone action free for three months – visit www.fightzone.uk to subscribe Follow Fightzone on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter MORE : ‘Ain’t nothing changed! – Anthony Joshua insists he would beat Joe Joyce in one round if rivals fight this summer MORE : Leigh Wood ‘sees through’ Michael Conlan bravado and sends warning to Leo Santa Cruz: ‘He is holding my belt hostage’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 