Lewis Hamilton reportedly helped lead discussions over whether the Saudi Arabia Grand Prix should still go ahead following a terror attack. During Friday’s practice session news broke that a missile had struck an Aramco facility 12 miles from the Jeddah circuit, setting it ablaze and putting today’s qualifying and Sunday’s race at risk. After team principals were assured of the team and their staff’s safety, F1 released a statement confirming the race would go ahead as planned. ‘Formula 1 has been in close contact with the relevant authorities following the situation that took place today,’ read the statement. ‘The authorities have confirmed the event can continue as planned and we will remain in close contact with them and all the teams and closely monitor the situation.’ But reports suggested not all drivers were keen to go ahead with the race amid fears for their safety. Sky Sports’ Craig Slater claims seven-time world champion Hamilton was a leading voice in discussions with F1 chiefs that ultimately led to the race getting the green light – although not all drivers were in agreement of the decision. ‘I know that Lewis Hamilton, Carlos Sainz, Pierre Gasly and the young Mick Schumacher were leading the debate,’ Slater said. ‘I can’t say they have come to a unanimous decision that it should go ahead but they have come to a joint decision that the race should carry on and that’s why we are where we are now. ‘There would have been the potential for them to pull out, they have that influence. The race obviously couldn’t go ahead without the drivers. ‘Lewis Hamilton was very influential in the decision over the Australian Grand Prix not going ahead at the height of the Covid pandemic, so they do have that influence. ‘There may be divergent views amongst the drivers but it is going to go ahead. ‘There is extra security around the track and at the hotels today.’ BBC Sport claimed drivers were eventually ‘convinced to go ahead and race after being given further information by bosses. ‘Part of this information involved the possible consequences of not racing, such as how easily teams and drivers would be able to leave the country if the race did not happen.’ Ferrari will be hoping to build on their 1-2 from Bahrain in last weekend’s season opener while reigning champion Max Verstappen is aiming for his first points of the campaign after being forced to retire the car in the previous race. MORE : F1 confirm Saudi Arabian Grand Prix will go ahead despite nearby ‘terror attack’ MORE : The Big Questions: Jenson Button on Drive To Survive’s ‘fake’ drama, Red Bull’s Bahrain issues and Lewis Hamilton’s 2022 championship chances For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 