Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher believes Everton is the worst run club in England and one of the worst in Europe, mocking the owner and labelling the players a ‘disgrace’. It has been an extremely difficult season for the Toffees so far, sacking Rafael Benitez and replacing him with Frank Lampard in the dugout, but still finding themselves 17th and deep in a relegation battle. There have also been issues off the pitch, with investor Alisher Usmanov sanctioned by the government and the club forced to look for new financing after cutting ties with the Russia. The club’s majority shareholder, Farhad Moshiri, has regularly been criticised for splashing cash on the wrong things and the transfer policy is something that has particularly baffled Carragher. For many reasons, the former Liverpool defender reckons no club in England is run any worse than the Toffees. ‘I think Everton are the worst run club in the country, probably one the worst run in Europe. They must be. They have to be,’ Carragher told Sky Sports’ The Overlap. ‘And that’s not just because they’ve spent lots of money and it hasn’t worked – that’s happened before. ‘Some of the things that Everton do, it’s unbelievable. When you think about what they did in January – bringing two full-backs in and then sacking the manager a week later. Bringing [Anwar] El Ghazi in – what was that all about? They brought El Ghazi in from Aston Villa. A winger. I don’t even know why. ‘That’s why they’ve had five or six managers. I think any manager who goes into any club thinks he’s the guy to turn this around. That’s why I fear for Frank [Lampard] a little bit, because Everton Football Club now is not a place that you’d want to go as a manager. There’s that much going on around you, it’s an absolute mess. ‘The owner hasn’t got a clue has he? You’ve obviously got the Usmanov thing right now. But in terms of those players, I said a few weeks ago, they’re a disgrace.’ Everton are three points above the relegation zone and with two games in hand on 18th places Watford, so their fate is very much in their own hands. They picked up a vital win over Newcastle last time out and return to Premier League action on Sunday with a tough trip to West Ham. MORE : Erik ten Hag would be a ‘great’ appointment for Manchester United, says Liverpool hero Dirk Kuyt MORE : Frank Lampard ready to give Arsenal the greenlight to sign Everton star Dominic Calvert-Lewin For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 