Arsenal are ready to launch a stunning move for Manchester United and England forward Marcus Rashford, according to reports. Rashford was said to be considering his future at Old Trafford after being left out of the Manchester derby earlier in the month. The 24-year-old has slipped down the pecking order at his boyhood club since Cristiano Ronaldo and Jadon Sancho both arrived through the doors last summer. Rashford has started just ten of United’s 29 Premier League games this season and could look to leave in the summer and revive his career elsewhere. Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain have been linked with moves for Rashford but the Daily Mirror say Arsenal have also expressed interest in a deal. Despite Arsenal’s largely positive season, Gunners boss Mikel Arteta will look to bolster his attacking options this summer after sanctioning Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s move to Barcelona in January. Arsenal are also braced for the departures of strikers Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah and Arteta reportedly views Rashford as a possible addition. Rashford’s miserable season at Manchester United reached its nadir last week as he clashed with fans outside the stadium following the Champions League defeat to Atletico Madrid. The forward was then left out of Gareth Southgate’s England squad for the friendlies with Switzerland and Ivory Coast and now faces a battle to regain his place in time for the World Cup at the end of 2022. Despite’s Rashford’s recent struggles, Arsenal legend Ray Parlour says he would ‘love’ the Gunners to secure his signature. ‘Marcus Rashford is going through a bit of a bad spell but he’s a top player,’ Parlour told talkSPORT. ‘I am sure lots of clubs will be enquiring about Marcus Rashford if he was available in the summer. ‘Certainly Arsenal, I would love him to come to Arsenal. That’s the position Arsenal need to look at this summer, it’s vital for the club. ‘It looks like [Alexandre] Lacazette and [Eddie] Nketiah are heading out the door but I hope they keep Lacazette for another year. ‘He’s really shown he cares about the club and his effort has been excellent. He doesn’t score enough goals but the link-up play has been excellent. ‘If Rashford’s available – and I don’t think he would be because United would be mad to sell him – but if he is available then Arsenal would definitely be interested.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 