Potential new Chelsea owner Nick Candy has sent a clear message to Manchester United over the Red Devils’ interest in Thomas Tuchel. The British billionaire is one of a number of interested parties that have submitted a bid to Roman Abramovich to buy the club. Candy, a Chelsea fan, has put together a bid of around £2bn thanks to money generated from the US and South Korea. United have identified Tuchel as a shock option to replace Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season, with the Red Devils hoping to capitalise on the uncertainty at Stamford Bridge by hiring the German. But Candy has issued a stern warning to United that he would fight tooth and nail to keep the ‘brilliant’ Tuchel at the club should he take charge at Stamford Bridge. ‘Thomas Tuchel has done an incredible job at a very difficult time in the last few weeks,’ said Candy. ‘He’s spoken brilliantly, behaved brilliantly and is a true gent. ‘It’s one thing being a great manager, it’s a different thing being a great human being. ‘But he’s proven that he’s not just a great manager but a brilliant human being. ‘He’s got the respect of the media, he’s got the respect of the players, he’s got the respect of the fans, so all credit to him.’ Abramovich has been a famously ruthless owner of Chelsea, sacking the likes of Jose Mourinho and Antonio Conte despite their success at the club. Candy says few could argue with Abramovich’s strategy as it’s produced so much silverware. ‘In business you have to make the right decisions at the right time,’ said Candy. ‘It’s a testament to how many trophies are in the cabinet that, actually, probably those were the right decisions and Roman was quick to make them. ‘Sometimes I may not have agreed with them myself. ‘I think with Frank he went a bit too early and probably watching the Champions League being picked up at the end of the season was quite difficult for him. ‘But he loves Chelsea, so at the same time it was probably a nice thing to see as he put some of the foundations in.’ MORE : ‘The door will be open’ – Xavi would welcome Lionel Messi back to Barcelona For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 