Manchester United fear Marcus Rashford is ‘becoming a ghost’ during matches but the club are hopeful his time on the training pitch during the international break can revive his form. Rashford was left out of the England squad for friendlies against Switzerland and Ivory Coast after a disappointing spell of form for his club. The 24-year-old has scored just two goals in his 16 appearances under Ralf Rangnick, left out of key fixtures against Manchester City and Atletico Madrid and rarely impressing off the bench. Rashford has completed the full 90 minutes in just two matches in that period and according to ESPN, sources within the club believe his disappointing campaign is largely down to his lack of pre-season preparations. Following a draining Euro 2020 campaign, Rashford immediately underwent shoulder surgery before returning to the squad in mid-October. The report states that individuals with the club feel Rashford has picked up a habit of ‘becoming a ghost’ in games where he has remained on the periphery. United are hopeful the situation will improve, however, with belief that his omission from the England squad will allow him to build up his fitness on the training pitch and out of the spotlight. Rangnick has previously vowed to put ‘all his energy’ into helping Rashford rediscover his best form. ‘With Marcus Rashford, we have another player [who I have] continuously been behind and [will work] with, to develop him,’ Rangnick said earlier this month. ‘We have seen that with other players in the past and I don’t see why this shouldn’t happen with Marcus. ‘He’s got abundant talent, he’s got the pace, the physicality. He’s got everything you need for a modern striker, not only if he is playing from the wing or in the centre. ‘I will put all my energy in that to help him to take the same pathway that other players did in the last three months.’ MORE : Rio Ferdinand would ‘crack the whip’ if appointed as Erik ten Hag’s No.2 at Manchester United MORE : Manchester United may be ‘too late’ with Erik ten Hag talks, warns Dutch football expert For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 