If you’re new here, this is What I Own – our weekly homeowner series. Last time we spoke to Nikki, who said her three-bed Hertfordshire home ‘isn’t for everyone.’ This week we’re chatting to Zita, a mortgage broker who lives in Surrey with her family. She bought her four-bed ‘forever’ home in 2020, using money from a previous property. This is what she had to say about her home-buying experience… Tell us about yourself, Zita. I am 46 years old and a mortgage broker at The Mortgage Mum. I live in Redhill, Surrey, and I work from home. Where is your property? The property is in Redhill. I have lived in the Redhill and Reigate area for 10 years and I love this part of Surrey. I moved from London to Reigate in 2012 because I wanted to be close to London – but at the same time, I wanted to be near the countryside, too. The Surrey Hills are gorgeous, and the area has so much to offer for families. We are close to Gatwick airport, fast trains to London and very close to the M25. When did you move in? December 2020. How much does your property cost? £778,000. How much was your deposit? £350,000. What is the monthly cost of living here now; both mortgage and bills? £2,300 per month How did you save up for your deposit? We built up significant equity in our previous home and we used that towards the deposit. What was the process of getting a mortgage like for you? Did you find any parts challenging? I found the mortgage process relatively straightforward because both myself and my husband were employed at the time and we had the income we needed for the borrowing amount. Being a mortgage broker really helped too, as I fully understand the process involved when applying for a mortgage. However, we still made an appointment with a mortgage broker as we wanted to make sure that we were getting the cheapest deal and we wanted someone to oversee and manage the whole mortgage process for us, from beginning to end. This way I was getting regular updates regarding my mortgage application, I didn’t have to speak to anyone in a call centre instead I received a very personal service throughout the process. Buying a house itself can be stressful and the last thing people need is unexpected and unpleasant surprises, but getting a mortgage expert to help you really does make a difference. Where did you live before this – were you renting or living with family? The previous home that we owned – it’s only five-minute drive away from our current home. How did you find this property? What made you choose it? Our original plan was to renovate and extend our previous home but once we spoke to architects and builders about the extensive renovation, we knew it was going to be very expensive. So we then decided to see what was on the market locally to provide a comparison to the renovation costs. We found the property on Rightmove. We loved the location as it is close to town but right at the edge of the countryside. The property is on a private road, the house itself is architecturally-designed and spacious with amazing views. It was love at first sight and ticked all the boxes in terms of layout, space and quality of build. How have you made the property feel like home? I chose a few lovely pieces of furniture. It was also my priority to get a lovely big dining table ready to entertain. What’s the inspiration for your interior decor style? Scandinavian and minimalist with an industrial twist. What’s your favourite room and why? The open-plan kitchen diner and living room. This is the heart of our home. Do you feel like you have enough space? Yes, absolutely. One of the main reasons we bought the property is for the space it offers. I always thought it would be difficult to find a house with four big double bedrooms but all our bedrooms are huge. We also have an amazing large open-plan kitchen with living space. Do you have plans to change the property? No major work planned. I’d like to create more storage and planning to get a bespoke full-height storage cabinet built and I’d like to make our roof terrace an amazing outdoor space. Are there any problems with the property that you have to deal with? No major issues have been identified. What do you want people to know about buying a home? Think long-term, research the area and have a clear idea of what you want in a home. Be realistic in terms of your budget and be prepared for some compromises. Don’t be afraid of asking estate agents plenty of questions. In terms of the mortgage, seek an expert’s advice – preferably from a broker who has access to a comprehensive range of lenders. The mortgage is likely to be the biggest financial commitment of your lifetime, so it’s very important to get the right and most cost-effective product in place. What are your plans, in terms of housing? Do you plan to stay here long term? This is our forever home; we don’t see ourselves moving from here. Shall we take a look around? MORE : What I Own: Property developer Richard, who built his own house after buying the land for £236,000 MORE : What I Own: Playwright Laura, who bought a two-bed listed flat in Plymouth for £198,000 MORE : What I Own: Business owner and writer Kaye, who bought a two-bed flat in Brixton