Naked Attraction contestant, Hayley, left everyone at home secretly jealous over her job as a sex toy tester as she looked for love on the Channel 4 show. Hayley, from Plymouth, Devon, appeared on the show which sees contestants strip off in a bid to find a new match this week. But she had a surprise in store for fans as she reveals her job involved her getting ‘paid to orgasm’ on a daily basis. The sex toy tester said: ‘Who else can say they get paid to Orgasm and be this happy every day?’ ‘I work for Anne Summers and I am literally there to teach you how to pleasure yourself. But buy me the last sex toy I will ever use!’ Fans were obsessed with her job and dubbed it the ‘perfect’ occupation. Reacting on Twitter, one wrote: ‘The perfect job doesnt exi… This lass on #NakedAttraction “I’m a sex toy tester.”‘ ‘A sex toy tester? Why have I never applied for a job like that? #NakedAttraction,’ asked another. ‘A sex toy tester, yup I’m one of those #NakedAttraction,’ someone else joked. A fan added: ‘Looks up vacancies on Google.’ Hayley then went on to give her verdict on her potential dates as they gradually showed more of themselves off to the contestant. The singleton got rid of potential date Shaun first, as she felt his legs were too slim, followed by voting out Jimmy, saying his stomach was ‘too small’. The four remaining contestants stepped things up a notch by getting dressed up in Navy uniforms, as they danced and saluted to Hayley – all soundtracked to the Village People’s 1978 hit. She eventually decided to go with contestant Luke, telling him: ‘I like the cheeky smile. He was sweet and the whole package.’ The pair went on a date, with Hayley telling cameras she enjoyed it due to the ‘things we have in common.’ When reuniting two weeks later, the duo hadn’t yet met up again but had been texting every day, and promised to soon go on a night out together. How cute! Naked Attraction airs Wednesdays from 10pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sean Lock honoured by Harry Hill in ‘heart-warming’ tribute at National Comedy Awards for Stand Up To Cancer MORE : Gogglebox viewers delighted as new Scottish couple make their debut: ‘About time!’ 