Australian cricket icon Shane Warne died of natural causes, Thai authorities have confirmed. The 52-year-old died of a suspected heart attack at a villa on the island of Koh Samui in Thailand on Friday. ‘Today investigators received the autopsy result, in which the medical opinion is that the cause of death is natural,’ deputy national police spokesman Kissana Phathanacharoen said in a statement. ‘Investigators will summarise the autopsy result for prosecutors within the timeframe of the law.’ Members of Warne’s family have issued tributes in honour of the cricket legend following his death. ‘The night of the 4th of March 2022 is when a never-ending nightmare began for our family, for that is the date we lost our much loved and admired son, father, brother and Uncle, Shane Keith Warne’ a tragedy we will never come to terms with,’ read a statement from Warne’s parents Keith and Brigitte. ‘To find words to adequately express our sadness is an impossible task for us and looking to a future without Shane is inconceivable, hopefully the mountain of happy memories we all have will help us cope with our ongoing grief. ‘Over the past few days Shane has been honoured with the family being offered a state memorial for Shane by Premier Dan Andrews which the family have gratefully accepted. ‘The Premier and Minister for Sport and Major Events, Martin Pakula have also advised that the Great Southern Stand at the Melbourne Cricket Ground will be renamed the S.K Warne Stand. We sincerely offer our thanks to the state government and the MCG trust for this honour. ‘We would also like to acknowledge the support of Prime Minister Scott Morrison for his kind words both personally and on behalf of the country, as everyone knows Shane was an extremely proud Victorian and Australian. ‘Brigitte and I are most grateful for the many messages of love and support received over the past few days and thank one and all for their kind words of comfort. ‘We also wish to acknowledge and thank those members of the media who are honouring our request to respect our family’s privacy and who will continue to do so.’ A statement from Warne’s daughter, Summer, read: ‘Dad, I miss you so much already. I wish I could’ve hugged you tighter in what I didn’t know were my final moments with you. And your final breaths were only moments away. I wish I could’ve told you that everything was going to be okay and hold your hand. You are the best Dad someone could ever ask for. ‘Our time was robbed. I want more holidays with you, more laughs where your smile lights up the whole room, more ‘goodnight I love you SJ, I’ll see you in the morning’, more talks about how our days were and just to feel safe when you would hug me and you would let me know how proud you are of me and how much you love me. You haven’t died Dad, you’ve just moved to a different place, and that is in our heart. ‘I love you forever, until we meet again.’ Warne’s eldest daughter Brooke said in her statement: ‘Dad, this doesn’t feel real and doesn’t make sense that you are not here with us anymore. It doesn’t feel right, you were taken away too soon and life is so cruel. I will forever cherish our final memories together laughing and joking around with each other. ‘We were happy. We were so similar in so many ways and I always used to joke that I got your genes and about how much that annoyed me! Well now I couldn’t be happier and prouder that I have your genes. I am lucky and will forever be so proud to call you my Dad forever. I love you to infinity and back and I will miss you forever.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 