The director of Morbius has revealed he was ‘scared’ for Jared Leto after seeing the lengths he went to for his method acting. The Marvel comic flick director Daniel Espinosa, who drew inspiration for the new movie from the 1987 film The Lost Boys and the cold-blooded classic Nosferatu, said that filming had become an intensely visceral experience. In the lengthy interview with Variety magazine, Daniel said: ‘I got scared for Jared.’ He added: ‘He really commits. You have to watch out for it.’ Daniel also revealed that, in another scene that featured Morbius shattering glass, he could ‘sense the crew backed off’. ‘It was a bit spooky,’ he admitted. Many of Jared’s colleagues have spoken highly of his ‘borderline obsessive’ techniques, insisting they simply encourage everyone else to up their game. Anne Hathaway has also opened up about Jared’s method acting, revealing the hilarious way she managed to distract him from it. Speaking on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, Anne said: ‘I really respect Jared’s process and I had a wonderful time working with whoever that was, and we really created the most beautiful connection between us and I always wanted to be really respectful’. ‘But the day the House of Gucci trailer came out, I had to do something. I couldn’t just let it be.’ She added: ‘I didn’t know what would happen because he’s so intense in his commitment to his process, but I swear to God, he split into three. ‘It was like a Horcrux. It was like over here was Jared, here was Paolo Gucci and here was Adam Neumann.’ This isn’t Jared’s first attempt at a comic-book outsider either. In 2016, he played the role of DC’s The Joker in Suicide Squad, and the Zack Snyder cut of Justice League, a role elsewhere played in non-DC Extended Universe Batman outings by Heath Ledger, Joaquin Phoenix, and Jack Nicholson. Morbius follows biochemist Michael Morbius (Jared) as he tries to cure himself of a rare blood disease, but, when the experiment goes wrong, he accidentally infects himself with a rare form of vampirism instead. The movie is the latest edition in Sony Pictures’ Universe of Marvel superheroes franchise. Morbius is release in UK cinemas on April 1. MORE : Jared Leto says it’s ‘OK’ not to like his acting in House of Gucci MORE : Jared Leto steals the show at Morbius premiere with extravagant leopard print look and we wouldn’t expect anything else 