A group of 52 children from orphanages in war-torn Ukraine have finally landed at Heathrow Airport for their new life after a ‘bureaucratic nightmare’ in Poland. It took more than a week for the youngesters, aged between two and 19, and their legal guardians to be flown to the UK from Warsaw after a paperwork delay blocked their flight on Monday. Although they were evacuated from the city of Dnipro three weeks ago, an agreement between the Polish and Ukrainian governments was not reached until Thursday. Their stay in London has now been cancelled and the group will instead go directly to their temporary home in Callander in Scotland. The mammoth operation has been facilitated by Dnipro Kids, which was set up by supporters of Edinburgh’s Hibernian FC after the club played their home team Dnipro FC in 2005, with the help of Magen David Adom UK and Save A Child. SNP MP Ian Blackford confirmed the children had boarded the Virgin Atlantic flight earlier this evening. Speaking in the House of Commons earlier this week, the party’s Westminster leader thanked the Scottish and UK governments for helping make arrangements for the orphans. ‘This is a good day for these 50 young people but let’s hope it’s the beginning of something much more significant for more young people that we can offer sanctuary to,’ he said. The MP said it had taken this long to get the paperwork because the government had to address all safeguarding concerns before the children could be moved to another country. Writing on Twitter, he said: ‘This wasn’t just about visas but the due diligence of a sovereign state getting the necessary permissions to allow the children to travel. ‘We would all want the same for our children.’ Sally Becker, founder of Save A Child, said it was a ‘wonderful’ moment to finally touch down on British soil, ‘bringing these kids to safety after such a traumatic two weeks’. Daniel Burger, CEO of Israeli non-profit Magen David Adom UK, said: ‘Save a Child and a number of other parties have made the most unbelievable effort in getting these children to safety. ‘When the call came in to try and help facilitate bringing them to the UK, we wanted to do whatever it took.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.