A Ukrainian journalist has made an emotional plea to Boris Johnson, telling him: ‘Children, instead of planes, are protecting Nato from missiles and bombs’. Powerful footage shows Daria Kaleniuk saying the prime minister visited Warsaw rather than Kyiv on Tuesday ‘because he is afraid’. The activist came close to tears at a press conference as she warned the British leader that World War III ‘has already started’. Vladimir Putin’s children were safe in mansions, while her people are ‘dying and don’t know where to run’, she said. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live But Mr Johnson insisted he ‘couldn’t pretend’ the onslaught in Ukraine is something the UK can fix by military means. He told Ms Kaleniuk the ‘international community will work together to ensure her family live in an independent Ukraine’ – but he was ‘sorry that it would take time’. When called up to ask a question, Ms Kaleniuk, who is the executive director of the Anti-Corruption Action Centre, said: ‘You’re talking about the stoicism of Ukrainian people, but Ukrainian women and children are in fear because of bombs and missiles that are coming from the sky. ‘Ukrainian people are desperately asking for the West to protect our sky.  We are asking for the no-fly zone, and you say in response it will trigger World War III – but what is the alternative Mr Prime Minister? To observe? ‘Our children, instead of planes are protecting Nato from missiles and bombs.’ She went on to stress it was becoming ‘impossible’ to cross the border from Ukraine, adding: ‘Imagine crossing with a baby or two children.’ ‘Britain guaranteed our security under the Budapest Memorandum’, she said. ‘You’re coming to Poland – you’re not coming to Kyiv, Prime Minister, you’re not coming to Lviv, because you are afraid. ‘Because Nato is not willing to defend. Because NATO is afraid of World War III, but it has already started, and these Ukrainian children who are there are taking the hit.’ The Tory leader directly apologised to Ms Kaleniuk for the ‘tragedy and suffering for which Putin alone is responsible’. But he ruled out allies enforcing a no-fly zone over Ukraine due to the disastrous consequences that could follow UK forces engaging in combat with Russians. The PM argued Britain must continue with ‘tightening the economic noose’ around the Kremlin regime and focus on providing further defensive support to Kyiv. ‘It will take time, I’m afraid, for us to come through this period. All that we can do in the meantime is help people like your crew and your family to get out, to get to safety’, he said. Mr Johnson said he had ‘no doubt’ the international outpouring of sympathy for Ukraine will only grow and that ‘people will not rest until this injustice is reversed and that Putin not just fails but is seen to have failed in Ukraine’. He thanked Ms Kaleniuk ‘very much’ for asking her question, adding: ‘I think everybody today has really appreciated it.’ A round of applause followed his response. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.