Spring sunshine is set to send temperatures soaring to 20°C this week as Britain basks in warmer weather than southern Spain. Despite a frosty start for some people this morning, the mercury is expected to hit the high teens across England and Wales today. The mini heatwave arrives as holiday hotspot Malaga is deluged by showers with 15°C temperatures – while nearby Costa del Sol beach resort Marbella shivers at 12°C. Tuesday will be ‘one of the warmest days of the week,’ the Met Office said, with a few spots on track to hit 20°C. It is expected to remain dry and bright throughout the week although the temperature will begin to dip and overnight frosts remain likely. The spell of fine weather in the UK comes as the warmest day of the year so far was recorded in Kinlochewe, Scotland, where temperatures surged to 20°C. The heat is above average for this time of year although it is not unusual, said Met Office spokesman, Richard Miles. It is a few degrees off the record 25.6°C in Cambridge on March 29, 1968, which is unlikely to be broken this month. A long-range Met Office weather forecast points to ‘dry and settled conditions’  dominating through March into April, in particular in the south. But there is a risk of some rain and clouds in far north and northwest regions. And weather is likely to become ‘more unsettled’ during early April which brings traditional downpours with drier spells set to be ‘short-lived’ and temperatures likely to sink below average.  However, Scotland is set to sizzle in what is expected to be one of the hottest springs for almost 200 years. A tropical breeze means a hotter than average spring is 11 times more likely – with three months of warm and dry weather ahead and potentially 27°C heat. The Met Office, briefing its three-month outlook to councils and businesses in Scotland, said: ‘The chance of a warm spring is much higher than normal. ‘There is a reduced chance of a wet spring.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.