Beyoncé has broken the internet yet again with her latest photoshoot showing off the barely-there nude embellished gown she rocked at her Oscars after-party. Bey, we really don’t deserve you. The 40-year-old superstar has shared the latest sizzling snaps and it goes without saying they’ve caused social media to go into absolute meltdown. The star showed off her look from husband Jay-Z’s annual Gold Party at the Chateau Marmont in West Hollywood that took place on Sunday night, making sure she stood out from the crowd in the eye-catching ensemble. Her latest creation was designed by Celia Kritharioti Couture, and the jaw-dropping look was a sight to behold as she showed off its nude figure-hugging design. She posed up a storm in the gown, which included strategically-placed jewelled embellishments intricately hand-embroidered into its silk tulle body. Beyoncé accessorised the dress with a Tiffany & Co. diamond knot necklace, and a pair of sparkling sunglasses, and wore her long brunette hair loose as it tumbled down her back, keeping her make-up natural. In the slideshow of 10 images, the Crazy In Love hitmaker could be seen in a variety of poses, which enabled her to show off every inch of the breathtaking design. In one cute snap, she cuddled up to hubby Jay, in a gif that showed her hand moving from a peace to an ok sign. In another, she covered her chest with her hands, as she looked down at the floor just out of shot of the camera. In the final image, she turned her back on the camera, giving a full view of the back of her sheer dress. It goes without saying that her fans were sent into complete meltdown. One user commented: ‘It’s too early for this Bey, chill on us.’ Another added: ‘We did not deserve the last pic 😫🔥’ Many others claimed she’d ‘broken’ the internet, with one writing: ‘Break the internet part 500!!!’ Meanwhile, Beyoncé dazzled on the red carpet, where she turned heads in an off-the-shoulder yellow gown. She also kicked off the ceremony with a bang performing her hit Be Alive, while batting away a traditional stage performance to appear on a tennis court in Compton. Earlier this month, 52-year-old Empire State of Mind rapper Jay came under fire for choosing the Chateau Marmont as the location for the after-party. Bosses have been mired in controversy amid allegations of racial discrimination and harassment by some workers and celebrity guests over the years, while over 200 members of staff were reportedly fired without insurance or severance due to the global pandemic. MORE : OJ Simpson weighs in on Will Smith’s Chris Rock Oscars slap: ‘I understand the sentiment’ MORE : Jay-Z’s Instagram account deleted just a day after he created it and is history repeating itself? 