Daniel Kaluuya took the opportunity to pay tribute to the late music entrepreneur Jamal Edwards during the Bafta awards ceremony. The late star died last month, at the age of 31, with stars around the world paying tribute. Arriving on stage to present the leading actress award, the Get Out actor firstly began: ‘Eternal life to Jamal Edwards,’ before introducing the list of contenders. The prize was won by Joanna Scanlan for After Love, who beat out competition from Lady Gaga, Emilia Jones, Alana Haim, Tessa Thompson and Renate Reinsve. Many people were quick to pick up on Kaluuya’s comments on social media. One said: ‘Great shout out to @jamaledwards @BAFTA Awards’ Another added: ‘Daniel Kaluuya shouting out Jamal Edwards at the BAFTA’s’ A follower said: ‘Daniel Kaluuya keeping the late Jamal Edwards’ name alive is a great example of why it’s Wakanda forever #BAFTAs.’ A viewer was equally blown away: ‘#BAFTAs Daniel Kaluya looking fly AF & before he presented the award he said, ‘eternal life to Jamal Edwards.’ Others thought it was a truly touching moment, with a Twitter user penning: ‘Nice shout for Jamal Edwards from Daniel Kaluuya at the #BAFTAs.’ Tributes poured in when the tragic news of Edwards’ death was revealed in February. In a statement, his mother Brenda said the SBTV founder died after a ‘short illness’. It was then revealed he’d died of a ‘sudden heart attack’. In the statement, his mum said: ‘It is with the deepest heartache that I can confirm that my beautiful son Jamal Edwards passed away yesterday morning after a sudden illness,’ she said. ‘Myself, his sister Tanisha and the rest of his family and friends are completely devastated. He was the centre of our world. ‘As we come to terms with his passing we ask for privacy to grieve this unimaginable loss. I would like to thank everyone for their messages of love and support. ‘Jamal was an inspiration to myself and so many. Our love for him lives on, his legacy lives on. Long live Jamal Edwards MBE, MBA, PHD.’ Throughout his career, he worked with the likes of Ed Sheeran, Jessie J, Emeli Sande and Dave, and also launched his own charity, Jamal Edwards Delve, to help those in need. He was awarded an MBE in 2014 for his services to music, and was named as an ambassador for the Prince’s Trust. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bafta 2022: Rebel Wilson slays on red carpet before joking about weight loss transformation in epic opening speech MORE : Bafta 2022: Rebel Wilson slays on red carpet before joking about weight loss transformation in epic opening speech 