You’re probably familiar with the signs of a toxic boss. They bully, they gaslight, feedback is always negative, and you’re left feeling eternally underappreciated. What’s a bit trickier to spot is a toxic team. After all, it’s easy to assume that unless someone is senior to you, they can’t have that much impact on your working life. And it’s hard to tell the difference between an annoying co-worker and a genuinely damaging one. But toxic teams are very much a thing – and we need to get familiar with the red flags that should ring alarm bells. So, what are some warning signs that the team you’re working within is becoming toxic? George Karseras, psychologist, founder of Team-Up and author of new book Build Better Teams, breaks down some warning signs that toxicity is simmering… Moaning happens in private Do you notice that people love to complain or raise issue, but never to the person actually causing the problems? That’s an issue. ‘This tells us the team doesn’t feel safe enough to address each other, but are relying on others to rescue them, a sure sign there is insufficient “psychological safety” in the team,’ George tells Metro.co.uk. There are never any disagreements ‘Conflict is quite normal and to be expected in a team,’ George notes. ‘A team that doesn’t experience any conflict is probably not working as a team at all. ‘Too much harmony over a long period of time could be symptomatic of an avoidance to voice concerns, especially if it’s about a dominant person in the team. ‘What could be seen as “togetherness” could actually be more reflective of a fear of speaking up.’ There are cliques George says: ‘Watch out for cliques – they can result in divisions and feelings of exclusion. ‘They nearly always cost the team a sense of team identity and cohesiveness.’ There are some common issues that trigger toxicity in a team. Here are a few… Poor communication The biggie. Poor communication – between colleagues and from bosses – causes all sorts of issues, from misunderstandings and assumptions to feeling unrecognised. Clear, open communication needs to be a priority, especially when people are working from home. Feelings of isolation ‘Remote team members might be experiencing feelings of isolation,’ notes George. ‘To reduce feelings of isolation in the team share how you are feeling and encourage your team to do the same. Be vulnerable with your team to encourage them to be honest with you and each other. ‘Leaders hold the key to making the team feel safe enough to talk about their feelings and this is especially important in a remote team.’ Slow decision-making Few things are more frustrating than having to wait on someone to make an important call. ‘To improve decision making in a team, distribute it,’ recommends George. ‘Empower the team and make sure decision-making roles and responsibilities are clearly defined and understood. Do not assume anything. ‘Most importantly of all, invest just a little time regularly reflecting on the effectiveness of meetings and discussions. ‘I recommend circa 20 minutes per month as a minimum investment of time reflecting on how the team might improve the way it makes decisions at meetings.’ A lack of trust If you don’t trust each other or your boss, things are going to go wrong. You need that basic level of trust – that they’ll do what they say, that they’re listening to you, that they can be relied on – as a foundation for everything else. George says: ‘There are two types of trust – cognitive (based on perceptions of others’ competence and shared expectations about the tasks) and emotional (based on levels of kindness and support you experience). ‘Cognitive “same page” trust is easier and quicker to establish, especially in more extreme, pressurised contexts in which most teams operate in. You all need to be aligned on the team’s mission, plans and disciplines. ‘You have to then build the emotional trust amongst the team, which you can do by showing: Burnout If everyone’s at the end of their tether, they’re not going to be able to work together effectively. Simple as. Okay, so you’ve realised there’s something not quite right in your team at work. Now what? Here are some steps to take. Don’t stay silent If there are issues bubbling away, they need to be brought out into the open. Otherwise resentment will build, cliques will form, and everyone will end up silently miserable. ‘In toxic teams, it is much better to speak up than to let things get worse,’ says George. ‘And not only will it improve how you feel at work, but it will also help everyone else in the team. ‘Some people don’t realise the impact they are having on others, but if you are as transparent as possible and openly discuss how you would like to work together, you will build trust, do better work, and all enjoy it more.’ If you notice an issue, bring it up – either as part of a meeting or with your boss – and then work out solutions. Seek support outside of work ‘Phone a friend,’ George tells us. ‘Being on the receiving end of toxicity can be lonely and paranoia can creep in. ‘Discuss your feelings with others who you trust and if helpful to do so, have them help you substantiate the facts and coach you on what to do.’ Confront toxic teammates What if there’s one person bringing most of the negative vibes? ‘There’s nothing worse than working with someone who undermines you, spreads gossip, says one thing and then does another or manipulates situations for personal gain,’ says George. ‘Unfortunately they do exist, often using political power to protect themselves. ‘Confront the toxicity. The best way to do this is to be very direct as well as very descriptive. ‘Avoid opinions like “you’re manipulating” and instead say what you have been noticing with real life examples that you “interpret” as manipulation, such as promises broken but denied, aggressive language used to influence, or requests for conversations to discuss gone unanswered. ‘Simply state the facts, tell them how this is making you feel. Make it clear you won’t tolerate it again if it happens and you will escalate it. ‘Also remind yourself that feelings are also facts but be clear on what constitutes a feeling. “I feel upset” is a feeling that can’t be disputed. “I feel you are rude and aggressive” is not a feeling at all, it’s an opinion and as someone can argue with this, it won’t help your cause nearly as much. ‘So trust your feelings, back yourself and arm yourself with unarguable facts. Toxic people can’t manipulate facts easily so stand tall and firm behind them.’ Ask for help George tells us: ‘Go to your manager, but if they are not helping you, then whistle blow to an objective 3rd party, most usually your HR team. Many organisations now have routes available to do this. ‘Organisations are legally obliged to enable employees to succeed with protective legislation. If you are suffering, remember you have rights.’ Move on If the toxicity of your team is so embedded in your work culture that it’s just not something that can be remedied easily, it’s okay to walk away. You’re not ‘weak’ or ‘unprofessional’ for struggling to deal with persistent poor treatment. If you’ve tried all avenues and there’s no change, give yourself permission to depart, whether that’s asking your manager if you can be transferred to another team or leaving the job entirely. ‘Exit the team, and walk away from the toxicity,’ says George. ‘It has nothing to do with you and you don’t have to tolerate it – especially if it’s well embedded.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to ditch your multitasking habit and actually get more done MORE : ‘Statusism’ is rife – how can we start to tackle it? MORE : Half the population go through the menopause, so why is it seen as so repulsive in the workplace?