Kye Whyte and Connor Ball were the latest celebrities eliminated from Dancing on Ice 2022 in a double elimination. With Holly Willoughby missing out on tonight’s festivities, host Phillip Schofield was the bearer of bad news as he announced Kye and pro partner Tippy  Connor, and Kimberly Wyatt will be performing again in the dreaded skate-off. After judges, Oti Mabuse, Ashley Banjo, Jayne Torvill, and Christopher Dean,  watched their routines, they opted to save the Pussycat Doll and her professional partner Mark Henretty. ‘Firstly that was so amazing, and all of you were so amazing. I voted for the couple that pushed themselves and that was Kimberly and Mark,’ said Oti. Speaking to Phillip after the judges had delivered their verdict, the BMX racer said: ‘I’ve loved this, man.’ ‘I’ve had the best time ever and I’m going out with my boy,’ replied Connor, who was partnered with Alexandra Schauman as he turned to Kye. Kye and Connor’s exit followed track and field Paralympian star Stef Reid out of the competition after she was eliminated from the show last week, following a skate-off with Kye and Tippy. The athlete performed a beautiful routine to Ben E. King’s Stand By Me, which left Oti and viewers at home in tears. While The Vamps singer skated to his own track Boys Will Cry and scored an impressive 38 out of 40. Elsewhere in the competition, it was another winning streak for Regan Gascoigne and Kimberly, as they topped the leaderboard with a perfect 40. While Brendan Cole suffered an unfortunate tumble on the ice, he will join Kimberly and Regan in the grand final. On March 27 the remaining skaters will battle it out one last time in the final, and they will also pay homage to Torvill and Dean’s iconic Bolero routine. But who will be lifting up the coveted trophy? All will be revealed soon. The Dancing On Ice final returns on Sunday March 27 at 7pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing on Ice 2022 final ‘delayed’ as ITV ‘makes way’ for FA Cup quarter-final MORE : Holly Willoughby ‘nearly threw up’ after Connor Ball’s gruesome Dancing On Ice accident 