An entire five-bedroom house for £200k? Sounds like a bargain. But when you see the interiors of this property in Cumnock, Ayrshire, Scotland, you might not be as tempted to put in an offer. Why? Because behind that front door lies piles of mess, peeling wallpaper, and even holes in the ceiling. Basically, it’s not what we’d call ‘liveable’, and it’s in need of a good clearout… and a deep scrub. The house is going under the hammer, with bids starting at £200k, on March 23. And to be fair, anyone up for a project wouldn’t be making too bad a call paying up for this place. It’s a five-bedroom detached Edwardian house on a nice tree-lined street, and has quite a bit of potential. Ignore the piles of rubbish and bashed up bathroom, and you’ll see what we mean. On the ground floor is a spacious living room with a fireplace, a study, a games room, a kitchen and dining area, a separate TV room, a bathroom, and a washing room. Yes, a lot of the wallpaper is peeling off, but if there’s any you could save, it’s actually quite cool in a retro type of way. And sure, you’ll need to go through a bunch of possibly-haunted possessions, but check out the paintings still hanging up in the study – we wouldn’t turn our nose up at those. Up the stairs you’ll find the main bedroom, measuring 16ft by 12ft, plus four more bedrooms, one of which has an en suite. We like the tiles and clawfoot tub in the bathroom. Perhaps with a thorough clean, you could keep those, too. The whole place just needs a little TLC and it could become something wonderful. Towns and Country Property Auctions, who are selling the property, said: ‘This period property needs a full refurbishment and would be a fantastic project for an experienced developer. ‘We access the accommodation through a large central hallway, with the ground floor currently set as living- room, TV room, games room, music room, study, kitchen and bathroom. ‘The sweeping staircase leads to five further substantial bedrooms, shower room and bathroom.’ If you fancy picking up a bargain and don’t mind doing some major work on the holey ceilings, you can find out more through the auction listing. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Three-bedroom house goes on sale for £10,000 – but it’ll need a lot of work MORE : What I Own: Polly and Thomas, who paid a 5% deposit for their Shrewsbury home with Help To Buy MORE : You can move in next door to the Queen as former station master’s house goes on sale for £1.2million