Queen Elizabeth II is to feature on the cover of British Vogue for the first time in a special issue celebrating her Platinum Jubilee. The upcoming April issue will present the 95-year-old monarch, who is said to now be using a wheelchair, in the early years of her reign wearing a crown and necklace. In the special tribute, the magazine will look back on its own unique relationship with the royal during her historic 70 years on the throne. This is among many celebrations underway to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, with a pageant being staged on June 5 – the final day of the celebratory jubilee weekend. In his editor’s letter, British Vogue’s editor-in-chief Edward Enninful wrote: ‘When I received my OBE for services to diversity in fashion several years ago, I thought carefully about what the decision to accept it would mean. ‘Ultimately, I saw an ancient institution that was setting about on a programme of change and if they had noticed and wanted to recognise my work as something worth spotlighting, given the fact my endeavours were all about spotlighting under-represented people too, then I felt comfortable – keen, even – to engage.’ The Queen first appeared in Vogue in 1927 at the age of one when she was pictured at her mother’s knee. The magazine has featured many a photo of the head of state over the years, however, this is the first time she will grace the cover. The Queen’s Gambit actress Anya Taylor-Joy also stars alongside in the magazine’s twin cover issue, wearing a replica of the monarch’s George IV State Diadem for her own royal dress-up moment. Speaking to the magazine, she admitted that she was overwhelmed with the attention after she rose to fame when the hit Netflix show landed and fled to her friend and model Ivy Getty’s house to get away from it. ‘Nothing about my life changed,’ she said. ‘Then I dropped into New York and within an hour I was back at Ivy’s house just like shivering on the floor. ‘It was so intense… I was dressed like an East Berlin spy at all times… It just took a second to understand it and make it ok for myself.’ The April issue of British Vogue is available via digital download and on newsstands from Tuesday March 29. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 