Cher Horowitz’s virtual wardrobe in Clueless was every teenage girl’s dream 25 years ago, and now a Dragons’ Den entrepreneur has actually brought it to life. Pitching to the Dragons, entrepreneur Bianca presented them with her digital wardrobe app, which allows her to put outfits together from the comfort of her couch. She simply takes a photo of each item she owns and stores it in her app – named Whering – and can then have fun styling ensembles or allowing the app’s AI to do it for her. But viewers are calling for Cher to be credited for the concept, which she was already using back in the ’90s. The 1995 movie has a cult following and tells the story of a rich high school student navigating adolescence and its problems. Using her clunky computer, Cher was able to select her outfit for each day with the click of a button and declare anything she didn’t like a ‘mis-match.’ Whering makes that dream a reality, with founder Bianca – who gave up her career in banking to kickstart her business – also promoting a more mindful and sustainable way of shopping. ‘It’s like Tinder, but for your clothes,’ she said. Taking to Twitter to share their thoughts on her proposal, one viewer wrote: ‘This woman on #DragonsDen just invented Cher’s wardrobe from Clueless, and I am here for it.’ ‘This app is just clueless and I love it!!’ said another. Another excitable viewer tweeted: ‘IT’S CLUELESS IRL I’M OBSESSED’ Bianca was asking for a £100,000 investment from the Dragons in return for 4% of her business. Dragon Deborah Meaden was initially on board with the idea, as it was something she saw potential in. The app currently has 20,000 downloads and Bianca is hoping to monetise with a cut of revenue from both services and products New Dragon Steven Bartlett had reservations, though, as he doubted whether the app’s algorithm could produce fitting results for millions of people when style is subjective. Peter Jones also questioned where the ‘value’ was in her business, and said he could develop her app quite simply, despite her giving it a seven-figure pricetag. Ultimately, it was Bianca’s numbers that let her down, and she failed to secure investment from any of the Dragons. Dragons’ Den returns on Thursday at 8pm on BBC One and is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Strictly’s John Whaite opens up about eating disorder and body dysmorphia calling ‘perfect’ Instagram images ‘very, very triggering’ MORE : ‘These are the rantings of a lunatic’: The Apprentice’s Claude Littner delights fans with brutal put-downs as he returns 