The Prime Minister has said the world cannot ‘close down use of oil and gas overnight, even from Russia’. Boris Johnson made the remarks as the international community seeks to put more pressure on Vladimir Putin’s regime for his invasion of Ukraine. Many countries have already imposed punishing economic sanctions on Russia, but oil and gas still remains a valuable source of income. However many traders are now struggling to sell Russian oil, event at a discount, due to new difficulties in shipping and payments. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The PM made his comment during a joint press conference with Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and his Dutch counterpart Mark Rutte. Asked whether there would be a European ban on oil imports from Russia, Johnson said: ‘There are different dependencies in different countries, and we have to mindful of that, and you can’t simply close down the use of oil and gas overnight even from Russia.’ He said the West is ‘moving in the same direction’ and that it can ‘accelerate’ its action against the Kremlin. Trudeau said Canada imports ‘negligible’ amounts of Russian gas, but as much as 40% of Europe’s supply comes from the country. Britain has managed to reduce its supply of gas from Russia to below 5%, but it is still likely to feel a knock-on effect from the Ukraine war’s impact on global prices. Germany has been under particular pressure to cut its dependence on Russian hydrocarbons and has floated the possibility of extending the life-spans of coal and even nuclear plants. Berlin also made the decision to halt the construction of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from Russia. Johnson said the UK needs to look at using more of its hydrocarbons to make up for the reduction in supply due to sanctions on Russia. He told reporters that he would set out an energy supply strategy in the coming days. ‘There are going to be impacts but I think it is the right thing to do. It is completely the right thing to do to move away from Russian hydrocarbons but we have to do it step by by step. ‘We have got to make sure we have substitute supply. One of the things we are looking at is the possibility of using more of our own hydrocarbons. ‘That doesn’t mean we are in any way abandoning our commitment to reducing CO2 but we have got to reflect the reality that there is a crunch on at the moment. We need to increase our self-reliance.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.