Bending the truth when you’re talking to children – a harmless part of parenting or something more damaging? Most parents lie to their kids, it’s definitely nothing unusual. But with each lie comes a pang of guilt, and the big question: is it okay for parents to lie to their offspring? Karli Bṻchling, founder of Natal Comfort, says that her three-year-old daughter Anna, absolutely hates brushing her teeth. Warning: this article includes frank discussion of fibbing and is thus for grownups only. Children not allowed from this point. ‘I told her that at night, little woodcutters come with their axes and try to chop the bits of food and sweets between her teeth,’ she spills to Metro.co.uk. ‘Sometimes they miss and hit a tooth which causes a hole, meaning she will have to go to the dentist. ‘The dentist will be cross that she has eaten sweets, so the best thing to do is to brush her teeth to stop the wood cutters from making an appearance.’ This fib got Karli’s daughter brushing her teeth without complaint. This sort of ‘instrumental lie’ is very common among parents and is pretty harmless – despite how far-fetched the stories might sound to other grownups. Lying is a parenting superpower. It helps us to keep things running smoothly and, as Veronique Mertes, a hypnotherapist from Exeter, says: ‘Small lies often make life easier.’ ‘I’ll tell my kids that the shop is closed, for instance, if they are hassling me for something,’ she tells us. ‘I think white lies are okay sometimes to get parents out of stressful situations.’ As long as the lies are for a good purpose, and the child doesn’t twig that you’re not being truthful, this seems pretty harmless. What is damaging, however, is deception such as promising something and not following through, which can leave your child struggling to trust you, or telling lies that aren’t for the benefit of your child’s health and wellbeing. Creative lies that fill the world with magic are allowed. Those are part and parcel of giving little ones a great childhood. Mike Facherty spends part of the year being Father Christmas. ‘People pay me to carry on the lie that they have told to their children.’ he explains. ‘When I am not being Father Christmas, I go into schools as a storyteller, dressed as a character, such as a pirate, telling the children about life on the Zanzibar and the ship’s dragon.’ Filling your child’s world with magic and imagination is no bad thing, it is actually healthy to engage kids in a world of make-believe. That excitement and warmth that they feel in their heart is special. The problem with the make-believe though – and this applies to the Easter Bunny and Tooth fairy as well, is when you threaten your kids that these characters won’t come if they don’t behave. This is what is known as an empty threat – because, let’s be honest, which parent will actually follow that threat through? Again, this type of lie can cause trust issues with your child. There is of course the ramifications of your child finding out the truth about these well-known characters too, as Rachel Murphy, owner of Authentic Baby Photography, found out when her daughter discovered her teeth that the Tooth Fairy was supposed to have taken away. ‘I didn’t know what to do with the teeth once the Tooth Fairy had been,’ Rachel remembers. ‘It felt weird throwing them away, so I popped them in a tin in my bedside drawer. ‘Roll on a year or so later and my daughter found the tin and asked why I had her teeth. I panicked and told her that they weren’t her teeth, they were mine from when I was a child! ‘Luckily, she accepted this and didn’t ask why the Tooth Fairy had given them me back.’ In this case, one lie that has led to another, all in the name of not bursting the make-believe bubble. And that is what parents do. We don’t want to our children to find out the truth as a small part of us enjoys maintaining the story. It is a reminder of the exciting, magical parts of our own childhood, and that feels pretty nice. Parents also want to keep their kids happy, so often a lie slips in as a way of not making their kids feel bad – we have all told our younger children how amazing their artwork is for instance, and that is okay, but particularly as children grow, boosting your child’s confidence is only good to a point. If you are telling them that they are great or the best all the time, you are giving them false information. As children get older, they know that what you are saying is just to make them feel good, so choose your words carefully. It is best that parents use their own judgement as to when the truth will do more harm than good, but it is worth remembering that parents are role models to their children, so if you want to instil being truthful as a value in your kids, try to model that in your parenting. Small, occasional lies are ok, but don’t really deceive your kids. And the moment your children start suspecting you of being a fibber, it’s best to quit the habit and get more honest. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Experts share eight top tips for going on holiday with a baby MORE : How to tell when your child is lying MORE : Trying to be a ‘super-mum’ is leaving working women exhausted