Sun’s out, parks are full and ice-creams are being served. For many of us, it’s the perfect opportunity to feel the sun on our skin, get that much needed Vitamin D and warm up after months of being holed up at home during the winter. However, what happens if your skin doesn’t get along with the heat, or the sun’s shining rays? If you’re like me, then going out in the sun is a hot problem if you don’t do the right things – from eczema flare-ups to dry skin galore. According to Ridah Syed, Senior Medical Aesthetician at Skinfluencer, those with weakened, reactive skin will have a compromised barrier, leading to more problems in the sun. ‘This weakened state of the skin’s own defences puts you more at risk when you’re in the sun, no matter what your skin tone,’ Ridah tells Metro.co.uk. ‘For this reason, you should always wear sunscreen, even in winter.’ Sunscreen is the one thing in your skincare routine you should have – whether you have sun-damaged skin or can go a whole day in no shade. Generally, the most important benefit of sunscreen is that it protects the skin from cancer. For sensitive skin, ‘pigmentation is very likely’ if you are not protecting it. Ashley Wady, Director of Bossface Cosmeceuticals, also recommends using a ‘broad spectrum SPF every day’. ‘The sun ranks as one of the most common flare ups for sensitive and rosacea prone skin types’, Ashley tells us. ‘Keep a broad spectrum SPF35 and above on your skin and keep reapplying throughout the day. If possible, opt for a mineral based formulation which is slightly kinder to this skin type.’ ‘If you suffer from inflammation conditions, you could become swollen and suffer from heat-induced breakouts,’ Ridah says. ‘For those suffering from photosensitive eczema you could experience peeling and more dryness as well.’ People living with eczema are even more vulnerable to the sun’s damaging rays. ‘Some people find that their eczema improves with exposure to sunlight,’ Ridah says. ‘On the other hand, others experience a worsening of their condition.’ The best solution to this is to avoid the sun – as much as you can. Of course, nothing blocks 100% of the sun – and we can’t start acting like vampires in broad daylight. So, Ridah suggests ‘wearing protective clothing and a hat’ along with your sunscreen, while having a cooling water spray at hand. If you can’t stay out of the sun completely, try to avoid times when the sun is strongest. ‘Limit your time in the sun and take shade between 11am and 3pm,’ suggests Ridah. When it comes to products, try to look for things that soothe the skin and reduce inflammation. Ridah recommends using products such as Synchrorose to soothe the skin, cool the skin down and reduce inflammation. Of course, make sure you check with a healthcare professional before trying out a new product to treat a skin condition. Someone who has to deal with the effects of the sun on her skin is Priya Brown, a marketing consultant from Basingstoke. In her early twenties, she developed a condition called polymorphic light eruption. ‘It’s triggered by exposure to sunlight or UV light,’ Priya tells Metro.co.uk. ‘As a result, I get a rash that can last for several weeks.’ The key to protecting her skin from this is suncream, but having a darker skin tone means that ‘it’s tricky’ to find the right sunscreen for her. ‘I’ve used so many different ones in the past, she says. ‘A  higher factor [of protection] often means the creams are thicker or heavier and not as easily absorbed into the skin.’ However, her perfect sunscreen was by skincare brand La Roche Posay. ‘I found it a few years ago and their collection is perfect for me.’ She also tries to keep ‘cool and shaded’ to help her skin stay settled. ‘During a flare-up, using any simple aloe vera lotion is soothing, and I avoid any heavy oily/greasy lotions,’ she adds. Over the years, she’s gotten to know her skin and embrace the flaws, but dealing with sensitive skin in the sun can be emotionally toiling. ‘You are always conscious of your skin and how others may look at you,’ says Priya. ‘It’s the most visible part of our body so of course we notice every line, spot and imperfection!’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : First blast of spring to bring 20°C heat and sunshine this week MORE : Beauty secrets with Maya Jama: From using oil as sunscreen and sleeping in makeup to starting her own brand MORE : ‘I’ve never been more aware of colourism’: The impact of eczema on Black skin