Victoria Beckham has hilariously claimed that her daughter Harper is ‘drinking juice, not wine’ in a cute family photo that she shared to her Instagram account. The 47-year-old former Spice Girl shared several family snaps to mark Mother’s Day, including a photograph of her and daughter Harper reclining in the pool. In another image, the 10-year-old can be seen drinking from a wine glass, which her mum felt was necessary to clarify was full with a soft drink rather than alcohol. The fashion designer, and former singer wrote: ‘Wishing all the mummies out there a happy Mother’s Day xx kisses from me, @brooklynbeckham @romeobeckham @cruzbeckham @davidbeckham #HarperSeven (And Harper is drinking juice, not wine!!).’ Other family snaps in the slideshow included a photograph of Victoria with her three sons, as she reclined on a sofa in her pyjamas. In another, the mum-of-four could be seen at a dinner table with all four of her children. In the third picture in the album, her 46-year-old footballer husband David, and 19-year-old son Romeo posed for a sweet family snap. Victoria also shared a photo of herself and mother Jackie at the bottom of the stairs, where she often poses for fashion snaps. The successful business woman wrote: ‘When @jackie.adams_ makes it to the fashion steps! Happy Mother’s Day!’ David also posed for his own tribute, sharing several childhood snaps of himself along with his mum Sandra, who he thanked for being there for him and his children Brooklyn, Romeo, Cruz and Harper. In the tribute, David wrote: ‘Happy Mother’s Day mum to an amazing mum & nanny ❤️ we all love u so much and thank for always being there for us all ❤️ @lynnebeckhambriggs1972 @jo_jo_beckham_ @victoriabeckham @brooklynbeckham @romeobeckham.’ In one snap, David and Sandra could be seen posing proudly with the Premiere League cup, an honour the sports star won an impressive six times during his career. It was recently revealed that Victoria Beckham intends to coordinate her dress with her best pal Eva Longoria for her son Brooklyn’s wedding to fiancé Nicola Peltz. The Desperate Housewives star revealed that they’ll be wearing ‘coordinating dresses’, and added that the former Spice Girls star often styles her. Eva and Victoria first became friends in 2007 and have been pretty inseparable ever since. The actress previously told Daily Mail Australia: ‘We’re best friends and have shared lots of life lessons together. ‘What we talk about is between us but we’ve been through stuff together.’ MORE : Victoria Coren Mitchell clashes with GB News panellist over ‘racist’ Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe comments: ‘The programme looked s**t’ MORE : Victoria Beckham and best pal Eva Longoria will coordinate dresses for Brooklyn’s wedding and they might just steal the show 