The government has officially unveiled a scheme for Brits to take families fleeing Ukraine into their homes. Communities secretary Michael Gove told MPs there will be no limit to the number of people who can benefit from the Homes for Ukraine plan. UK sponsors will be asked to sign up for six months and will receive a tax-free £350 allowance to help offset the costs. The policy offers refugees a place to stay for up to three years but it’s unclear what will happen beyond that date. People interested in taking part can now register their interest via a government website. Mr Gove said red tape will be kept to a minimum to speed the process up but said security checks would be necessary for Ukrainians and sponsors. He told the Commons: ‘The scheme will allow Ukrainians with no family ties to the UK to be sponsored by individuals or organisations who can offer them a home. ‘There will be no limit to the number of Ukrainians who can benefit from this scheme. ‘The scheme will be open to all Ukrainian nationals and residents. They will be able to live and work in the United Kingdom for up to three years. ‘They will have full and unrestricted access to benefits, health care, employment and other support.’ Labour’s shadow Levelling Up secretary Lisa Nandy raised concerns over how Ukrainians were supposed to reach out to families. She said the government was running a ‘DIY asylum scheme’ that opened up the prospect of people being forced to publicly appeal for homes on social media. She told the Commons: ‘On his tour of the TV studios, he suggested several times that people who are willing to sponsor a Ukrainian family need to come to the government with the name of that family who will then rubber stamp it. ‘He can’t seriously be asking Ukrainian families who are fleeing Vladimir Putin, who have left their homes with nothing, to get on to Instagram and advertise themselves in the hope a British family might notice them. Is this genuinely the extent of this scheme?’ According to the latest United Nations data, more than 2.8 million people have already been displaced in less than three weeks of fighting. The majority of them – 1.7 million – have gone to neighbouring Poland. Lauren Agnew, human trafficking policy expert at Christian charity CARE, said there must be ongoing checks to make sure Ukrainians are not exploited. She said: ‘Recent statistics from the National Crime Agency estimate there are at least 6,000-8,000 modern slavery offenders in the UK. MORE : In the court of Tsar Putin: The key Kremlin figures behind the Ukraine war ‘We can be certain that some of this number will be seeing the Homes for Ukraine scheme as an opportunity to turn a profit at the expense of vulnerable individuals seeking refuge in the UK. ‘Setting refugees up in homes around the UK is not the end of the story. There must be follow-up checks to ensure these individuals are not being exploited. We must remember that refugees are extremely vulnerable. ‘They must not be allowed to fall off the radar.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.