Katie Price has revealed she was reluctant to discuss her drink-driving crash in the upcoming documentary What Harvey Did Next, but producers were keen to include the incident which took place during filming. On September 28, 2021, Katie flipped her car while driving under the influence and without insurance. She avoided jail time but was ordered to spend a month in The Priory. During the film, which follows Katie’s eldest son Harvey as he settles into his new life at college, the model’s mum Amy is in tears as she confronts her daughter over the crash. Katie stresses there was no one else to blame for her getting behind the wheel, but says she wishes people ‘knew what was going on in my head’ at the time. ‘I didn’t want it no, I didn’t think it was necessary,’ she told Metro.co.uk. ‘It’s the same with My Mucky Mansion, I didn’t think they needed to put it in there. ‘But both channels were like, “well, because it’s your life and it’s happened so we have to reference it.” ‘I said, okay, but I’d rather it not. The Harvey documentary is about Harvey and I’ve said my house was about my house, but they’ve referenced it.’ The mum-of-five stressed she’s still ‘not ready to talk about it’, but once again suggested ‘there’s more to it than it seems of me just getting in a car’. What Harvey Did Next is another unfiltered look at the 19-year-old adapting to life away from home, but also sees Katie adjusting to life without her son, who was born with Prader-Willi syndrome and is partially blind, to care for 24/7. ‘I’m used to 19 years of having him around me, living, breathing, smelling, the noise — everything. Then he’s just gone,’ she told us. ‘How do I fill that void? I’m so used to having so much responsibility.’ Katie said it’s still ‘weird’ not having her eldest around after being his carer for 19 years. ’In the beginning when he left, I’ve got it clocked in my body that the times he has his medication, all them times have just been drummed in my head, and then I’m like, “oh, Harvey’s not here. “ ‘Or I still hear doors banging and I wait to hear like a repercussion but then he’s not here, so it’s definitely a big void in my life. ‘But it’s a good void that I’m happy to have let go. It’s very stressful, a worried stress, it’s like having a baby.’ Katie Price: Harvey and Me airs Monday at 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 