A roughly 70-metre asteroid became the ‘riskiest observed in over a decade’, giving astronomers at the European Space Agency cause for concern. Initial observations of the asteroid dubbed ‘2022 AE1’ showed a potential Earth impact on 4 July 2023 – not enough time to attempt deflection and large enough to do real damage to a local area should it strike. Worryingly, the chance of impact appeared to increase based on the first seven days of observations, followed by a dramatic week ‘in the dark’ as the full Moon outshone the asteroid blurring further observations. As the moon moved aside, the skies dimmed and ESA’s Near-Earth Object Coordination Centre (NEOCC) took another look. To everyone’s relief, the chance of impact was dramatically falling. It has since been confirmed that 2022 AE1 will not impact Earth and has been removed from ESA’s risk list. Breathe easy, everyone. ‘In January this year, we became aware of an asteroid with the highest ranking on the Palermo scale that we’ve seen in more than a decade, reaching -0.66’ said Marco Micheli, astronomer at ESA’s NEOCC. ‘In my almost ten years at ESA I’ve never seen such a risky object. It was a thrill to track 2022 AE1 and refine its trajectory until we had enough data to say for certain, this asteroid will not strike,’ he said. There are asteroids out there that will certainly hit Earth but are so small they are almost imperceptible as they burn up in our atmosphere. Others might be giant, extinction-level event asteroids which could do immense damage but are travelling in orbits around the sun that are entirely safe. Since it’s discovery in January, the orbits from asteroid observation data provided by telescopes and observatories around the world was calculated. Then the Palermo Scale values are computed and immediately published on the NEOCC web portal. ‘I was surprised at first when I heard about this asteroid as it is very rare to have such high Palermo scale, at first rated -1.5. Yet, I wasn’t too concerned as we get notifications like this – though at a lower level – few times per year,’ said Luca Conversi, Manager of the NEOCC. ‘As it is custom in these cases, we activated our global network of telescopes to immediately get more observations and it soon seemed this asteroid was unlike any other we’d seen,’ he said. Some keen observers have continued to monitor the asteroid, confirming results from ESA that the asteroid is due to fly by Earth at a distance of about ten million kilometres in early July 2023. That’s more than 20 times the distance of the Moon so we can rest assured it’s at a safe distance. MORE : Asteroid four times as big as the Shard set to cross paths with Earth MORE : Asteroid larger than any building on Earth will whip past us tomorrow