Season 4 of You is taking shape, with Ghosts actress Charlotte Ritchie being cast in a ‘main role.’ Charlotte, 32, will join the next instalment of the hit Netflix series, starring opposite Penn Badgley, who plays serial killer Joe Goldberg. The actress – who has also appeared in Fresh Meat, Feel Good and Call the Midwife – will star as a female lead in the fourth series of the series based on Caroline Kepnes’ best-selling novel, according to Deadline. Season three of the drama ended with Joe moving to Paris to search for Marienne (Tati Gabrielle) after a thrilling finale, so who knows where the fourrth outing will take us. Details about the upcoming episodes are being kept under wraps for now, but we do know that production has already begun. Charlotte’s character Kate has been dubbed ‘smart, independent, suspicious’, and someone who ‘misses nothing’. She is said to be ‘fiercely loyal to her friends, but a brick wall to everyone else’, and the daughter of a ‘chaotic, bohemian single mother’. Kate is described as having worked hard to create the life she now leads as an art gallery director, managing tempestuous artists. Kate tends to be ‘the adult in the room,’ and has embraced the moniker of ‘icy b***h’. Her best friend is the sweet and trusting Lady Phoebe, whom Kate is super protective over. Kate is more of a casual fling type gal, rather than love, which is why she dates Malcolm, a party boy who’s a bit self-absorbed. However, Malcolm soon befriends Joe for no real reason, and Kate immediately develops a dislike towards him. She also suspects there’s more to him than meets the eye, which suggests she’s sure to get tangled up in his web of crimes and lies as their polar opposite worlds collide. You is one of several projects Charlotte has been busy working on lately as, most recently, she wrapped filming on Season 7 of Grantchester as well as the movie Wonka starring Timothee Chalamet. As for You, protagonist Penn was spotted on set in London earlier this week. The psychological thriller was renewed for a fourth season in October last year just before the third season dropped. The next season does not have a scheduled release date yet, but we can’t wait to find out more about what’s in store. You is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Halle Berry finds it ‘heartbreaking’ that she’s still the only Black woman with a best actress Oscar 20 years after her win MORE : Strictly winner Rose Ayling-Ellis can’t believe she’s going up against Adele for Bafta TV must-see moment award: ‘I’m a huge fan!’ 