The Neighbours Twitter account has posted a heartbreaking goodbye following the news the soap has been axed forever. At the start of February, news broke that Channel 5 will drop Neighbours from schedules in the summer. This left the show’s fate up in the air, with many questioning if another channel would pick the soap up. Sadly, yesterday, it was confirmed Fremantle Media had failed to find another home for Neighbours, meaning the final ever episode will air in June. This morning, the Neighbours Twitter account posted a statement that read: ‘We are so sorry to say that after nearly 37 years and almost 9000 episodes broadcast we have to confirm that Neighbours will cease production in June. Following the loss of our key broadcast partner in the UK and despite an extensive search for alternative funding, we simply have no option but to rest the show. ‘To our amazing, loyal fans, we know this is a huge disappointment, as it is to all of us on the team. We thank you for all your messages and support and promise to end the show on an incredible high. From here on, we are celebrating Neighbours. #CelebratingNeighbours.’ Since the thread was posted, many cast members, crew and fans have started using the hashtag, posting their own tributes as preparation the finale will no doubt begin very soon. Speaking of the finale, Ian Smith, aka Harold Bishop, has confirmed he will reprise his role while Kylie Minogue and Jason Donavon have both been approached in the hope they will return. The Sun also revealed yesterday that Peter O’Brien will reprise his role as Shane Ramsay. Despite the news, fans are continuing to campaign in the hope the show will be saved. A petition, that’s been created on Change.org, currently has over 62,000 signatures. The dedicated Neighbours audience also managed to knock Ed Sheeran from the Amazon and iTunes music charts as the theme tune made it’s way to number 1. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage.