There’s nothing cooler than a dimly lit speakeasy. Perfect to impress a date, fun to spend a Saturday night in, and great for moody Instagram shots. Nightjar, near Old Street, is one of these spots. It serves up creative cocktails and often has live music, making you feel as though you’ve been transported to be a bygone era. Now a second site will open in Kingly Court, a hidden food and drink spot in the heart of Carnaby. Opening next month, on April 20, the new branch will have the ‘signature mix of cocktails, old-school glamour and late-night live music’, as the brand shared. There will be prohibition-era decor and a menu made up of vintage spirits and cocktails, dating all the way back to the mid-nineteenth century, with the oldest dating to 1863. Live music fans will flock for jazz, blues and swing sets, an history fans will enjoy the Roaring 20s feel to the place – which is perfect for the mood of our own go at the 20s decade. Loved up couples will enjoy the dark and intimate booth seating too. The location for the new venue is special too, as in the 30s and 40s it existed as The Blue Lagoon Club, London’s first black-owned music club. It later became Club Eleven in the 50s under Ronnie Scott. Over the years, Bob Marley, The Who, The Beatles and The Rolling Stones have made appearances at the site – so it’s steeped in history. Julia Wilkinson, restaurant director, says: ‘We are thrilled to announce that the iconic basement speakeasy and jazz club Nightjar is coming to Carnaby. ‘The venue, which is steeped in Carnaby musical heritage, will showcase a late-night and live jazz offering to the area, adding a completely new dynamic to the Kingly Court offer. ‘Nightjar also brings a large array of classic cocktails, vintage spirits, and liquors alongside the concept of an exciting new live music destination.’ Nightjar Carnaby will open on Wednesday April 20. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : A Polish bar in London is serving a Ukrainian cocktail to raise money for charity MORE : This berry margarita is the perfect spring cocktail MORE : Ukrainians given graphic on how to throw Molotov cocktails at Russian tanks