President Joe Biden has confirmed that Russian President Vladimir Putin used a ‘hypersonic missile’ at Ukraine and attributed it to Putin having his ‘back against the wall’ in the face of West-backed Ukrainian forces. Biden spoke on Monday after the Kremlin said it used the state-of-the-art missile to destroy a Ukrainian facility storing weapons. ‘If you notice, they’ve just launched their hypersonic missile, because it’s the only thing that they can get through without absolute certainty,’ Biden said. ‘It’s, as you all know, it’s a consequential weapon, but with the same warhead on it as any other launched missile – it doesn’t make that much difference except it’s almost impossible to stop it. There’s a reason they’re using it.’ Biden claimed that the allies’ strength prompted Putin to use the hypersonic missile. ‘And now Putin’s back is against the wall,’ Biden said. ‘He wasn’t anticipating the extent or strength of our unity. And the more his back is against the wall, the greater severity, the tactics he may employ.’ Russian defense ministry spokesman Major General Igor Konashenkov on Sunday said that the Kinzhal hypersonic missile struck a Ukrainian fuel depot in Kostiantynivka. The Pentagon on Monday did not immediately confirm Russia’s claim. Hypersonic missiles are said to travel ten times the speed of sound and have the capability of evading air defenses. Biden spoke as White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki reiterated that the White House had ‘not explored’ the option of the president visiting Ukraine. On Sunday, Psaki announced that Biden will travel to Poland after meeting with Nato allies and G7 and European Union leaders ‘to discuss international efforts to support Ukraine and impose severe and unprecedented costs on Russia for its invasion’. Biden will participate in a Nato summit on Thursday and go to Warsaw on Friday for a bilateral meeting with Polish President Andrzej Duda. ‘The President will discuss how the United States, alongside our Allies and partners, is responding to the humanitarian and human rights crisis that Russia’s unjustified and unprovoked war on Ukraine has created,’ Psaki stated. On Monday morning, Biden spoke with British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, French President Emmanuel Macron, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz and Italian Prime Minister Mario Draghi. They discussed ‘their serious concerns about Russia’s brutal tactics in Ukraine, including its attacks on civilians’, according to the White House’s readout. The leaders ‘underscored their continued support for Ukraine’, vowed to keep providing security and humanitarian assistance, and ‘reviewed recent diplomatic efforts in support of Ukraine’s effort to reach a ceasefire’, the readout states. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page