The UK will be warmer than Athens today after weeks of bitterly cold weather. Temperatures will reach 14°C in some parts of the country – double that of the Greek capital. Snow has fallen across the north of Greece as a cold snap passes through Europe. Today, central and eastern parts of England will enjoy some much-deserved ‘very mild’ weather. Light rain in Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales will soon clear to allow for brighter skies. But unlucky Londoners will miss out on the unreasonably warm weather, with cloud blanketing the capital. Forecasters say today’s warm weather is sadly not set to last, however. Met Office spokesperson Richard Miles told Metro.co.uk: ‘The West will be wet and windy which will gradually spread across the country overnight, and then it will be cooler in the west and wetter in the east. ‘That’s the picture for the next few days. It will be wet and windy over the weekend too. ‘But when the sun comes out in central and eastern areas, we will see temperatures creeping up to quite pleasant numbers. ‘Anywhere could see double figures while temperatures could go to 14°C to 15°C in central and Midlands areas. ‘The central parts are the most likely areas in the country where temperatures will climb. ‘But rain will also move from the west to the east. It will gradually stall over the UK but will continue with longer spells.’ Ladbrokes have given 6/4 odds for this month being the wettest March on record. Meanwhile Coral thinks there’s a 2-1 chance of a white Easter in Britain, as temperatures continue to fall. The firm also has 5-2 odds for this Easter to be the coldest ever on record in the UK. Storm Dudley, Storm Eunice, and Storm Franklin all caused disruption across the UK in recent months, prompting the Met Office to issue multiple red alerts warning of a potential ‘danger to life’. Forecasters say that at any point until April, a ‘wintery blast’ could still strike at any point. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.