As I watched Dr Jimmi Clay in his counselling sessions blaming himself for his patient’s suicide, I was struck by how sensitively this Doctors storyline was written. The patient didn’t show any overt signs of wanting to take their own life, but was in the depths of depression – an unfortunately common occurrence. It was clear to me that the scriptwriter of the show had either a personal knowledge of such issues, or had done very thorough research. This storyline was so powerful and well written that it made me feel there is hope for the depiction of mental health issues on television. As a mental health professional, I can confidently say that Doctors – which follows the lives of medical staff in the Midlands – has never got difficult issues like these wrong. This show has been underrated for years and so I am a very happy fan now that it has secured a primetime slot. I currently work with people with learning disabilities and Autism Spectrum Disorder but have also worked within forensic services, with inpatients and crisis work out of A&E. I have been a qualified mental health nurse for 18 years. So when I first discovered Doctors – by accident, when I was isolated in my second floor flat with a broken leg and the lift was broken – about 15 years ago I was gripped. The episode that really got me hooked was The Living Gaylights, which is a wonderful spoof of all things James Bond. It was set entirely within the dream of Dr Simon, a man who just happened to be gay. I was intrigued by the way the show mixed real-life issues with fantasy in a way that was unique to anything else I had seen before. As with almost every ‘issue’ in the show, it has always been very progressive – especially for an afternoon soap. I have been addicted to Doctors ever since. Another early storyline that struck me was when a receptionist by the name of Ruth was admitted to hospital following a psychotic breakdown. Soon after she was sectioned under the Mental Health Act, before later being assessed to see if she was well enough to return to work, which she was. I had never seen such subject matter in a soap. The care the writers took to make sure Ruth’s character didn’t play up to stereotypes of people suffering mental ill health was astounding – and unusual for the early 2000s. I remember thinking how brave the depiction was, and I still do. The show has also dealt with domestic abuse when Dr Heston Carter was physically and mentally assaulted by his partner, Marina. I had never seen domestic abuse on TV where the abuser was female and the survivor was male. As ever, this was not sensationalised. I don’t watch other soaps but what I can glean from articles and the views of friends, Doctors is pretty unique in the way it approaches very important issues. It’s not exclusively mental health, but a vast array of things that most do not want to acknowledge or even think about. For this alone, it deserves everyone’s time. It can be ‘silly’ at times, and even very odd – episodes set in Jane Austen novels or Valerie and her trip to Alice’s Wonderland, to name just two – but this just provides a lovely balance to the serious issues it portrays so very well. I am forever telling anyone who will listen to give Doctors a go – I love it so much. A mention has to go to the superb actors and their performances in the show. I love them all! Especially Al Haskey (played by Ian Midlane) and Zara Carmichael (Elisabeth Dermot Walsh) – they certainly keep the show interesting! For such a small cast, the writers manage to keep things fresh, which cannot be easy when it is on five days per week – now down to four during the pandemic. My partner Rachel and I are not allowed to watch Doctors separately, because it’s the law in our house. We watch on iPlayer together as we work different shifts. So while the move to primetime won’t impact these lifelong fans, I am looking forward to more viewers tuning in and having more people to discuss Doctors with! Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : When did BBC Three originally go off the air and why? MORE : It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia: More Netflix shows to watch if you love the irreverent sitcom MORE : The Wire named best TV show of 21st century – do you agree?