No matter how the trends may vary – inconveniently long acrylics, modern french-tip gels – having cute nails is one thing that will never go out of style. But for some people, their nail beds just suck. Admittedly, I’m one of those people. And it’s an issue that can make rocking fun and trendy nail designs all the more difficult. Take it from me, from hangnails to overgrown cuticles, caring for nails can be a riddle at the best of times (hence the monthly manicure budget), but neglecting your nails can result in issues such as hard and dry cuticles. The cuticle is a thin layer of dead tissue along your nail bed. As nail technician Maisie Manktelow explains, ‘the cuticle protects your nails by acting as a barrier to bacteria.’ Usually, your cuticles become hard when you neglect proper nail care. This includes regular manicures, wearing  rubber gloves when washing up and cleaning, avoiding having your hand submerged in water for long periods of time, not using your nails as tools and – of course – not picking or biting your nails. ‘It is so important to take care of your nails as well as the skin around your nails,’ Manktelow  tells Metro.co.uk. ‘Cuticles that are exposed to excessive cold, sun, chlorine or soapy water can become dry and cracked.’ While hard cuticles aren’t necessarily bad for you, it’s just a sign that you should be spending more time looking after your nails. According to Manktelow, cuticle oil will be your best friend if you want to get them in tip-top condition. ‘Instead of softening your cuticles, I personally would recommend using cuticle oil at least twice daily as well as having regular manicures to help look after and prevent hard and dry cuticles,’ she says. ‘Using cuticle oil twice daily will soften and condition the cuticle area, repair and protect dry, cracked skin as well as stimulate healthy nail growth and help prevent brittle nails.’ Manktelow recommends Navy’s Cuticle Balm, which is enriched with rosehip oil, aloe vera extract and coconut oil. Buy now for £12.95 from Navy This cuticle oil is a pro favourite (you’ll recognise the OPI brand from nail salons everywhere) and uses grape seed, sesame, kukui, sunflower & cupuaçu oils to soften cuticles and cure nail beds. Buy now for £11.50 from Boots This oil, which contains safflower oil, sunflower seed oil, and cottonseed oil, also uses milk and honey to repair nail beds. The lactic acid from the milk combined with the natural properties of the honey are the perfect recipe for moisture. Buy now for £8.50  from Cuccio This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Nail technician caught almost three times over drink-drive limit avoids jail MORE : To pluck or not to pluck: Beauty experts weigh in on the skinny brow trend MORE : Euphoria’s nail artist reveals the trend-setting styles we’ll see this season