Chelsea Football Club’s deal with Three UK has been suspended and the company will not be displaying their logo on the club’s shirts or around Stamford Bridge. The Blues are playing on Thursday evening at Norwich City in the Premier League, but Three have asked for their branding to be removed from the shirts immediately. The sponsorship deal with the mobile network provider is worth £40m-a-year to the west London club, but Three have chosen to act after Roman Abramovich was sanctioned by the UK government. A Three spokesperson said: ‘In light of the government’s recently announced sanctions, we have requested Chelsea Football Club temporarily suspend out sponsorship of the club, including the removal of our brand from shirts and around the stadium until further notice. ‘We recognise that this decision will impact the many Chelsea fans who follow their team passionately. However, we feel that given the circumstances, and the Government sanction that is in place, it is the right thing to do. ‘As a mobile network, the best way we can support the people of Ukraine is to ensure refugees arriving in the UK from the conflict and customers currently in Ukraine can stay connected to the people who matter to them. ‘Therefore, we are offering connectivity packages to all Ukrainians arriving in the UK, and those in Ukraine.’ Chelsea have sponsorship deals with an array of companies, but it is yet to be seen if any will follow the actions of Three. Hyunfdai is one of their partners and have announced that they are ‘assessing the situation with Chelsea. A Hyundai statement read: ‘Hyundai has become one of the strongest partners in football over the years and the company supports the sport to be a force for good. We are currently assessing the situation with Chelsea.’ Other sponsors of the club are: Nike, Trivago, Cadbury, EA Sports, Fiserv, Hublot, Go Markets, Levy Restaurants, Pari Match, MSC Cruises, Singha, Sure, Vitality Health Insurance, Yokohoma Tyres and Zapp. The decision comes after Abramovich was hit with sanctions by the government, which mean he has been blocked from selling the club and there will be a string of other issues to deal with for Chelsea bosses. In the short-term, the sanctions mean Chelsea can no longer sell match tickets or merchandise to supporters. Only season-ticket holders will be permitted to attend games. Looking further ahead, the club will be banned from signing or selling players and no new contracts can be agreed with those players whose deals are expiring or seeking pay rises. ‘Roman Abramovich is a prominent Russian businessman and pro-Kremlin oligarch,’ a government statement read. ‘Abramovich associated with a person who is or has been involved in destabilising Ukraine and undermining and threatening the territorial integrity, sovereignty and independence of Ukraine, namely Vladimir Putin, with whom Abramovich has had a close relationship for decades. ‘This association has included obtaining a financial benefit or other material benefit from Putin and the Government of Russia. This includes tax breaks received by companies linked to Abramovich, buying and selling shares from and to the state at favourable rates, and the contracts received in the run up to the FIFA 2018 World Cup. ‘Therefore, Abramovich has received preferential treatment and concessions from Putin and the Government of Russia. Abramovich is also associated with a person who is or has been involved in obtaining a benefit from or supporting the Government of Russia, namely: former First Deputy Prime Minister, and current Chairman of the Management Board for VEB, Igor Shuvalov; former General Director of Gazprom Investment Holdings, Alisher Usmanov, both of whom were sanctioned on 3 March 2022 for being involved persons in obtaining a benefit from or supporting the Russian government through carrying on business in a sector of strategic significance to the Russian government. ‘Abramovich is associated with these individuals through close business relationships and mutual assistance, including Abramovich financing Shuvalov’s trust and the subsequent loans from Shuvalov to enable Usmanov’s purchase of a British mill. ‘Furthermore, Abramovich is or has been involved in destabilising Ukraine and undermining and threatening the territorial integrity, sovereignty and independence of Ukraine, via Evraz PLC, a steel manufacturing and mining company in which Abramovich has a significant shareholding and over which Abramovich exercises effective control. ‘Evraz PLC is or has been involved in providing financial services, or making available funds, economic resources, goods or technology that could contribute to destabilising Ukraine or undermining or threatening the territorial integrity, sovereignty or independence of Ukraine – which includes potentially supplying steel to the Russian military which may have been used in the production of tanks. Abramovich exercises effective control of Evraz PLC given his significant shareholding and the shareholdings of his close associates who it is reasonable to expect Abramovich could direct through his close ties with Abramov and Shvidler, as well as his power to nominate directors of the board. Abramovich is or has been involved in obtaining a benefit from or supporting the Government of Russia, as Abramovich and Evraz PLC carry on business in sectors of strategic significance to the Government of Russia – namely the construction, defence and extractive sectors.’ MORE : Chelsea sponsor Three suspends deal with club, removing logo from shirts and around Stamford Bridge MORE : Antonio Conte says Chelsea situation’s is ‘not simple’ after Roman Abramovich sanction For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 