1000Lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton has shared an update on her weight loss journey, after returning to a food rehab center. It was recently revealed that the TLC star, who fronts the reality series with sister Amy Slaton, had lost 115lbs in just 30 days of being in the facility. In a new TikTok, the 35-year-old was asked if she could discuss her progress so far. ‘Tammy I neeeed a weight loss update!!! Love ya,’ a fan questioned on the platform. To which she replied: ‘I’d love to give you a weight loss update but you’ll have to wait until season four comes out. Sorry. ‘Just know that I’m staying on track and everything is looking up!’ Well, that’s the new series of 1000Lb Sisters all but confirmed… Tammy sparked concern recently when she was rushed to hospital for emergency treatment and placed on a ventilator, after she stopped breathing at the weight loss facility. The worrying scenes aired in the season three finale of 1000Lb Sisters, as doctors informed her loved ones that her body was ‘shutting down’ and they weren’t sure whether she would ‘make it through the next hours’. ‘They’re just telling us that her lungs have given up, and like her body is shutting down,’ sister Amanda told the cameras. ‘So at this point, we’re facing making funeral arrangements for my little sister. ‘I’m just sitting here thinking, “Oh my god.” She’s been in such a bad place for so long. ‘She waited too long. And now that she has the courage to step out and get the help that she needs, now this.’ Thankfully she woke up and was given a tracheotomy, before she continued with her transformation. Amy later shared her delight that her sibling is in a much better place. ‘I’m glad Tammy is finally getting the help she needs,’ the pregnant star told People Magazine. ‘I just wanted the best for all my siblings.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Killers latest band to cancel concert in Russia amid ongoing Ukraine invasion MORE : Dominic Raab calls out GMB’s Adil Ray for constant interruptions: ‘You’re doing the usual thing of not letting me answer the question’ 