Having a sexual fantasy is by no means a new phenomenon, but the majority of mainstream kinks are becoming more and more accepted. In fact, sexual fantasies are increasingly common: a new survey by Illicit Encounters found that 62% of women and 63% of men have compiled a sex bucket list in their heads of fantasies they would like to do. And while 42% of women and 39% of men had ticked off at least three items on their bucket list, three-quarters of women (72%) and even more men (78%) have unfulfilled sex bucket list ideas they would like to experience before they die, according to the survey. For men, the number one bucket list desire was sex with their favourite celebrity, while for women it was to recreate their favourite sex scene in a movie or TV show, followed closely by sex with their most desirable celebrity. Men were more likely to want to make a sex tape or have a threesome while women were more geared towards trying tantric sex or bondage. Both men and women were up for sleeping with an attractive colleague or acquaintance, sleeping with a sexy stranger they see in their daily routine and having sex with their first love one more time. Jessica Leoni, sex and relationship expert at Illicit Encounters, said: ‘What the male and female lists show is that both sexes desire sex away from their regular relationship – this could be by having sex with their favourite celebrity or with the sexy stranger they see on the commute to work each day but don’t know. ‘The lists show that lots of us feel stifled by the sex we get at home and want to be more adventurous and sleep with new people. ‘It is this desire to experience something new which is driving the post-pandemic boom in affairs. ‘We have all been stuck at home and miserable for too long and there is a live-for-the-moment attitude which is seeing lots of people ticking off new items on their sex bucket lists.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : I didn’t realise transitioning would change my sex life so much MORE : These are the UK’s top 10 sexual fantasies MORE : How to achieve different types of orgasms – tips from a sexpert