Joe Jonas and Sophie Turner have been spotted enjoying a family stroll around New York City with their daughter Willa. The TikTok power couple, who welcomed their 20-month-old daughter in 2020, kept a low profile in sunglasses while they soaked up the good weather. Game Of Thrones actress Sophie, 26, opted for comfort as she stepped out in an oversized matching blue hoodie and joggers, a black jacket, and boots, with her signature red hair tied in two plaits. Her partner Joe, 32, also kept it casual in a partially unbuttoned black shirt, white jeans, and trainers. The duo took it in turns to push little Willa, who sat in her stroller and took in all the sights the city had to offer. Joe and Sophie have been photographed out and about together quite a bit recently, with the couple opting for varying shades of green in LA for lunch and a walkabout earlier this month. They also went for a low-key walk with their daughter, where Sophie wore a white flowing crop-top which she repeatedly lifted up while keeping her hand on her stomach. In early March, the couple sat front row at the Louis Vuitton show at Paris Fashion Week. Looking suitably stylish, Sophie wore an oversized black leather pinafore dress with she teamed with a white crop-top and a black suede jacket with wide lapels. With her long red hair worn loose, the actress held a compact Louis Vuitton (naturally) handbag and turned things up a notch with her eye-catching, chunky bright red sandals. Sophie’s husband Joe, with whom she posed hand-in-hand inside, opted for a warm blue and black check jacket with a white collar, and black trousers, trainers and a plain top. In January, Joe delighted fans after he was spotted hanging out with TikTok’s favourite trainspotter Francis Bourgeois. In a clip shared to Francis’s Instagram, the unlikely pair were seen standing in a field and waving at a passing train. Joe also shared a clip with the caption: ‘Trainspotting with the legend’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 