If you can remember the TV shows of the 1980s — or have recently discovered them on BritBox — you may well be familiar with Terry And June, a sitcom about a middle-aged, middle-class couple who lived in Purley. The south London town, chosen to exemplify suburbia, was then perceived as safe and unexciting but is now highly sought after. It is leafy and green and on the edge of the rolling North Downs, yet commuting’s quick and easy. There are four stations and when traffic is light, the M25 and M23 are only 10 minutes away. Purley has Victorian, Edwardian and post-war houses, modern blocks that appeal to first-time buyers and plenty of standard suburban 1930s stock. The largest and most highly prized properties are in the Webb Estate, conceived by William Webb, a local estate agent, as a garden village for people who worked in the City. Its 225 secluded, individual houses were built between 1888 and 1919 and are spread across 11 beautifully planted and maintained roads. Here, prices have been known to exceed £3million, though the rest of Purley is much more affordable, with flats starting from about £200,000 and three-bedroom terrace houses from under £500,000. Named after the late Star Wars and horror films actor Peter Cushing, who lived locally, Cushing Gardens is a collection of one, two and three-bedroom shared ownership flats from Latimer by Clarion Housing. They include open-plan layouts with streamlined kitchens, off-street parking and a private balcony or terrace as well as access to a communal garden. From £98,250 for a 30% share of £327,500. More shared ownership homes are available at Millen Court, in walking distance of Purley High Street. Set in landscaped gardens, they feature large windows that flood rooms with light, well-proportioned bedrooms and sleek kitchens with integrated appliances. These one and two-bedroom flats start from £75,000 for a 25% share of £300,000, via Red Loft. Calum Court, a short walk from Purley station, comprises 36 one, two and three-bedroom homes finished to a high standard and incorporating Bosch appliances and underfloor heating. Help to Buy is available on all of them and prices range from £330,000 to £535,000, through Foxtons. Help to Buy is also offered at Calico, another central scheme of nine flats, all with their own private terrace or balcony. Two-bedroom homes start at £450,000 and stamp duty is paid on new reservations, from Mantle Developments. This summer, Thornsett is due to start long-awaited work on redeveloping Purley Baptist Church. Currently called the Island Site, it will comprise 114 apartments in a 17-storey tower, along with a new church and community space. Those after a new house rather than a flat won’t have long to wait, as on March 12 Frost Estate Agents will be launching Wildflower Place, with nine distinctive, über-contemporary four-bedroom homes by boutique developer Luxgrove. From £715,000. On the ground floor of a low-rise, purpose-built block, this larger-than-average one-bedroom flat has access to a communal garden and off-street parking. Check it out via Barnard Marcus. A three-bedroom detached house with separate sitting and dining rooms, a southwest-facing garden and a ground-floor study/fourth bedroom with an adjoining shower room. Check it out via Purple Bricks. This detached house includes five bedrooms, two bathrooms, two reception rooms, an annexe and large garden, and offers development potential. Check it out via Foxtons. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Tiny Italianate gatehouse with secret basement on sale for £225,000 MORE : Historic stables turned into a two-bedroom house on sale for £625,000