Three years after the harassment began, the man who had been stalking me online was arrested. He had sent me physical and sexual threats, dick pics, graphic pornography, photos of women he alleged to have assaulted and he told me he had been following me in real life, too. Once, he pretended to be a young woman who had been sexually assaulted by her boss and wanted me to meet with her to help her report him to the police. Another time he threatened to leave me in crutches. At first, I didn’t realise it was the same person. He created multiple social media accounts under different aliases; sometimes using my photo as his profile picture. I’d block the accounts, but a new one would pop up in its place. He said he was never going to leave me. I worried that it was someone I knew, someone who had a grudge and wanted to see me suffer. Or perhaps it was a stranger who had taken a disliking to me simply because of my outspokenness on women’s rights issues. I ignored it at first. Downplayed it. He was ‘just another nutter on the internet’. But after two years of contact, I decided to report him to the police. A year later, I got the call to say he had been arrested. Due to various red tape and data policies, it had taken a while to track him down, but they’d done it. ‘Great’, I said, ‘Who is it?’ They couldn’t tell me. Not his name, nor his age or the city where he lived. They couldn’t give me a single detail about what he looked like. His height was the most important thing for me – I wanted to know if I could take him in a fight. ‘Is it someone I know?’, I asked. Again, they couldn’t tell me; he hadn’t been charged yet he was just a suspect. I then asked a question that I already knew the answer was ‘no’ to, but I wanted to know – in theory – if they would confirm it. ‘Is it my partner?’ They wouldn’t confirm nor deny. I knew that it couldn’t be, not just because of his character but because he was stood next to me, holding my hand. But the fact that they wouldn’t verify it was terrifying, not for me, but for the hypothetical women I imagined in a similar situation, oblivious to the fact they were living with their online stalker. I was grateful for the work they had done to identify this man for themselves (and that was the only thing I knew about him, he was a man – they’d let that much slip) but I was angered by the fact that his anonymity seemed to be a priority over my safety. It seemed like a colossal oversight. I didn’t need a degree in psychology to know that when someone is caught, things could go one of two ways. It could act as a wake-up call and he could change his behaviour, or it could be a trigger for rage. As part of his bail conditions, I was told that he was banned from contacting me. But the only person who would know if he had contacted me was him. He could be the guy I had a pleasant chat with at the bus stop, he could be a casual acquaintance, he could be the taxi driver whose car I sat in the back of. I wouldn’t know. It struck me as odd that after so much campaigning, awareness and public discourse over women’s safety over the past year, my safety didn’t seem important. I wasn’t asking for any special treatment, I just wanted to know who it was so I could run away if I saw him. Today is the anniversary of the disappearance of Sarah Everard, a case that shook the country and sparked a wider debate about the safety of women and girls. For too long, we had been told to alter our behaviour in order to reduce our chances of assault or harassment, as if it was something only we could control. Misogyny is not a woman’s problem, it is a problem for all of society. Every incident of assault, harassment, rape or violence against a woman by the hands of a man is inextricably linked – regardless of its severity. The common denominator is a hatred of – or indifference towards – the rights, freedoms and respect of women. What has changed in the year since Sarah was taken from us? The conversation has shifted, that’s for sure. Society is waking up to the idea that it is men who have to play their part by changing their own behaviour or calling out the behaviour of others. The Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, has also launched a campaign, which will focus on addressing sexist attitudes and inappropriate behaviours towards women by men. ‘If we are going to truly fix the problem of violence against women and girls, we need to see a fundamental cultural shift, which puts the onus of responsibility on men’, he said. And he’s right; all of society must play their part to prevent misogynistic acts, as well as ensure the perpetrators are caught and sanctioned. But misogyny is still not recognised as a hate crime across the whole of the UK, despite calls from politicians, campaigners and several police chiefs arguing the case for it to be so. On Monday, MPs voted against including misogyny as a hate crime in the Police, Crime and Sentencing Bill, to which Stella Creasy reacted by saying, ‘I think it speaks to the failure to properly understand misogyny as a toxic force in our society.’ According to the website, Counting Dead Women, at least 125 women have been murdered since 3 March 2021, in cases where a man has been found guilty or is the main suspect. We hear the names of some of these women in the press, others we do not. Until we recognise that all women matter, not just the women who look like us, have jobs like ours or walk the same streets we do, then we will fail to recognise the full scale of the problem. All victims deserve attention and justice. The Met have made plenty of promises over women’s safety in the last year, but in recent months I was disheartened to read so much theory but little action. I was being told that the Met cared, that women’s safety in real life and online was a priority all while being prevented from being able to protect myself from a stalker who expressed a desire to do me harm. After months of pushing, I was relieved to finally be given enough information for me to be able to identify the man who had threatened me for three years. The paranoia left my body. The sense of relief was overwhelming, but there is no rule book on how to cope with such things. Although relieved, I spent the next day in bed, depressed. I hadn’t realised the subconscious toll it had taken on me. For the first time in a long time I felt empowered, but I was disheartened by the fact that a successful legal conviction initially seemed to take precedence over my right to know if I was in any immediate danger. One year on from Sarah’s death, I hope that the next 12 months bring real, tangible improvements to the lives and safety of women and girls across the country – both in real life and in the online sphere. Misogyny should not be accepted as an inevitability, but as a reality. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Harry Styles’ stalker charged after ‘forcing her way into star’s home, assaulting woman and damaging property’ MORE : Daughter, sister, friend: Remembering the ‘brilliant, beautiful’ Sarah Everard MORE : International Women’s Day: Six inspirational sportswomen share their stories