Kourtney Kardashian looks to be owning her own blunder after agreeing with sister Kim’s advice that women should ‘get [their] f**king a** up and work’. The Kardashian family went viral for all the wrong reasons on Wednesday after a clip from their new interview with Variety was released, and featured Kim, 41, sharing her advice for other businesswomen. ‘I have the best advice for women in business,’ she said, adding: ‘Get your f**king ass up and work. It seems like nobody wants to work these days.’ Kourtney, 42, co-signed her sister’s sentiment and weighed in: ‘That’s so true.’ However, many have reminded the reality star that a major storyline on Keeping Up With the Kardashians centred on her unwillingness to film as much as her sisters. Kourtney was often seen clashing with Kim about her lack of involvement with the reality series before it was announced that Kris Jenner’s eldest daughter would be taking a break from the show. Well, it seems Kourtney can see the irony in her agreeing with Kim’s advice as she shared a throwback clip to her Instagram stories of her, well, being a little workshy. In the scene from KUWTK, she says: ‘Working is just not my top priority. It’s never going to be.’ Good Place actress Jameela Jamil was among those criticising the sisters for their tone-deaf comments about women working in business, as she wrote in an Instagram post: ‘Not the day after IWD… They are a super impressive family of businesswomen and are products of a ridiculously good start and a genius manager in their mother as well as their own hard work and personal sacrifices. ‘Plus a LOT of photoshop and a decision to not care about misleading people about their beauty claims whilst never disclosing how much secret work goes into their appearances… that they make most of their money from. And a huge amount of money made from questionable diet/detox products and corsets.’ She continued: ‘They shouldn’t be asked about their secret to success. They shouldn’t answer those questions. It’s all obvious to everyone, and I hope nobody holds themselves to the standards of people who were raised by millionaires. ‘Just take the money, use it for good and chill the f**k out when lecturing others about grind and hustle. And learn how to brag without putting others down who have less.’ Calling out Kourtney, one Twitter user said: ‘I know Kourtney, the woman who said she doesn’t care to work and working is not the most important thing in life, is not amen-ing in the background.’ ‘Kourtney co-signing is hilarious cause all she did was cry every other episode about how she didn’t want to work,’ another agreed. One other critic weighed in: ‘Hard work having someone prep your meals for you all day long , someone who looks after your kids, someone who drives you around , someone who cleans your house , please girl , sit down.’ The family were promoting their new reality series, The Kardashians, which debuts on Hulu on April 14. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cardi B shares first glimpse of her six-month-old baby son but tells fans ‘that’s all y’all will get’ MORE : Javier Bardem was a stripper for one day and brought his mum and sister along for moral support 