Gordon Ramsay has admitted he would ‘secretly love’ to do Strictly Come Dancing after his daughter Tilly proved to be a huge hit. The notoriously fired up TV chef is about to front his new reality series, Future Food Stars, which is bound to ‘ruffle Lord Alan Sugar’s feathers’, according to Gordon which is basically The Apprentice meets MasterChef. However, he has also revealed he could be tempted to waltz through the winter months on Strictly after previously turning down a chance to do a Christmas Special. ‘They asked me to do a Christmas special with Gino D’Acampo and Fred Sirieix,’ he said in this week’s Radio Times. ‘I would love to do it, though. Secretly, I’d love to do it. I’ve always wanted to dance. There’s something so gorgeous about the rumba, the samba, the foxtrot, the tango… I don’t know. I may ask the BBC if I could do it next year.’ His daughter, however, wouldn’t be keen on the idea. ‘Tilly would kill me, by the way,’ he teased. ‘But the only bit I’d be slightly nervous about is all the tight lycra, sequins and the trousers.’ Sadly, there’s one big hang up standing in his way. ‘I’ve got size 15 feet and they were not made for a dancefloor, let me tell you,’ he said. Tilly and her partner Nikita Kuzmin made it all the way to the final six of Strictly Come Dancing, with her dad Gordon cheering her on from the sidelines, often seen bursting into tears of pride. Following Tilly and Nikita’s exit, Gordon wrote a message to them both on Instagram , posting: ‘Words can’t describe how proud I am of these 2. ‘Hard working polite humble and incredibly down to earth, most of all well done and what a celebration of youth and how happy it makes me feel. The future is bright and you 2 will continue to shine lots of love dad [heart emoji].’ Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One later this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 