The Metropolitan Police has said it will appeal against a High Court ruling that said it breached the rights of organisers of a vigil for Sarah Everard. The verdict last week was praised as a ‘victory for women’ that set a ‘powerful precedent for protest rights’. The case was brought by Reclaim These Streets, which cancelled a socially distanced protest over violence against women after being warned they would face fines of £10,000 each and possible prosecution amid the Covid pandemic. Alarming scenes emerged when hundreds of protesters arrived at Clapham Common, south London, regardless, with some arrested and pinned to the ground. Those present had wanted to honour marketing executive Sarah, who was kidnapped, raped and murdered by former Met police officer Wayne Couzens. Jessica Leigh, Anna Birley, Henna Shah and Jamie Klingler brought a legal challenge against the force, arguing at a two-day hearing in January that decisions it made in advance of the planned vigil last March amounted to a breach of their human rights to freedom of speech and assembly. In response to last week’s ruling, the force said they are ‘considering the judgment very carefully before deciding whether to appeal the court’s decision’. In a fresh statement today, the Met said: ‘It’s important for policing and the public that we have absolute clarity of what’s expected of us in law. ‘This is why we feel we must seek permission to appeal the judgment in order to resolve what’s required by law when policing protests and events in the future.’ The ruling last Friday found that the Met’s decisions in the run-up to the event were ‘not in accordance with the law’. In a summary of the ruling, Lord Justice Warby said: ‘The relevant decisions of the (Met) were to make statements at meetings, in letters, and in a press statement, to the effect that the Covid-19 regulations in force at the time meant that holding the vigil would be unlawful. ‘Those statements interfered with the claimants’ rights because each had a “chilling effect” and made at least some causal contribution to the decision to cancel the vigil. ‘None of the (force’s) decisions was in accordance with the law; the evidence showed that the (force) failed to perform its legal duty to consider whether the claimants might have a reasonable excuse for holding the gathering, or to conduct the fact-specific proportionality assessment required in order to perform that duty.’ Responding to that ruling today, the Met said: ‘It is absolutely right that we are held to account for our actions and that there is proper scrutiny of the decisions we make as a police force in upholding legislation and maintaining public order. ‘We also respect the strong views held by Reclaim These Streets in defence of human rights and public protest, and their pursuit of justice for these views.’ But the force said it wanted further clarity as it polices’ hundreds of protests and events across London every day’. The Met said it takes it responsibilities under the Human Rights Act ‘very seriously’. It added: ‘It’s important for policing and the public that we have absolute clarity of what’s expected of us in law. This is why we feel we must seek permission to appeal the judgment in order to resolve what’s required by law when policing protests and events in the future.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.