Every year on 8 March, people around the world mark International Women’s Day by celebrating the amazing contributions women have made to society and recognising how far we still have to go to achieve gender equality. But some people still question the need for the day, asking questions such as ‘aren’t women equal already?’ The simple answers to most of these questions are: Yes, we do need International Women’s Day and no, we have not achieved gender equality. As our TV screens are filled with people fleeing the horrors unfolding in Ukraine, we are reminded how conflict and crises often disproportionately affect women. Women are currently giving birth in bomb shelters. An estimated 80,000 women will go into labour in the next three months in Ukraine – many without any maternal health care. And as other wars have shown, crisis and displacement put women at increased risk of sexual and physical violence and abuse. Globally, gender disparity is stark. In 18 countries, husbands can legally prevent their wives from working. In 39 countries, daughters and sons do not have equal inheritance rights. And 49 countries still lack laws protecting women from domestic violence. It’s been estimated that it will take almost a century to close the global gender gap between women and men in politics, economics, wealth and education. And, around the world, one in three women have experienced gender-based violence. As someone who has spent years in the film industry, this statistic is sadly not surprising at all. These are scary figures, and they apply in the UK – because despite huge progress over the past few decades in terms of women’s rights, we’ve still got a long way to go in this country. In the UK, women are less likely to be employed full-time then men, women make up less than a third of members of parliament and only 35% of board members are women. The gender gap is even more glaring when coupled with racial inequality. Black Caribbean girls are twice as likely to be permanently excluded at school compared with white girls. Women make up just 6% of CEOs of FTSE 100 companies and none of these are women of colour. But what gets me most is the everydayness of gender inequality. Because let’s be honest: Our fears are validated. Last year, the devastating murder of Sarah Everard shook the country. Like many, her story made me relive the number of times I’d felt unsafe walking home at night. It confirmed that I’m not being over-the-top when I hold keys in my hand for safety – just in case – when walking through dark streets. And, tragically, Sarah’s story is similar to those we’ve heard before and those we’ll hear again. Bibaa Henry, Nicole Smallman, Sabina Nessa – these are just some of the many women who have recently died at the hands of men. Their names are etched on our streets, in our parks, in our hearts. So, let’s use their memories to take action, to change things for our sisters and daughters and friends. And this call to action is for men too, of course. Let’s call misogyny out, support a local refuge, or break down gender divides in our place of work.   Join a campaigning organisation like Amnesty International which, with support from the players of the Peoples’ Postcode Lottery, advocates for women’s rights around the world. Or simply celebrate the women that make your life better. For all those who identify as women, they deserve much more than a day, but one thing is clear – we definitely still need it. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Twitter bot brilliantly trolls companies tweeting about International Women’s Day MORE : On International Women’s Day in Berlin, everyone is given the day off work – the UK should follow suit MORE : International Women’s Day 2022 quotes, poems, and Instagram captions