Great British Bake Off’s latest all-star spin-off for Stand Up To Cancer begins tonight on Channel 4 – here are some of the most memorable moments from celeb’s attempts in the past. Running for over a decade, Bake Off was the show that started it all off for stars including John Whaite and Nadiya Hussain. The show whittles down the competition each week with one baker proudly being crowned Star Baker as they edge closer towards the finale. But, with the main show currently off-air, fans will be delighted to get their Bake Off fix once more as the Channel 4 spin-off returns tonight. When the celebs are let loose in the famous Bake Off tent, things often don’t quite go to plan. With stars such as Clara Amfo, Ellie Goulding and the choirmaster himself, Gareth Malone set to appear, we can only hope for more fantastic TV moments, all in the name of raising money for a good cause. Metro.co.uk has collated some of our favourites snippets from the charity specials, where some of the UK’s most-loved stars have had quite the baking nightmare. Poor Joe. The YouTube and Strictly Come Dancing sensation got off to a promising start but a major error in the tent saw him responsible for one of the most bizarre moments on the show. He sliced his finger open as he prepped a masterpiece for judges Paul Hollywood and Prue Leith, and couldn’t cope with the sight of blood. Joe dramatically fell to the floor and required medical assistance. However, he soon got back up like a champ. Cheeky Bob Mortimer couldn’t resist fighting Paul over his scones, as he brought his classic silliness into the tent. When Paul said he could ‘smell the baking powder’ off his scones, Bob was less than impressed and proudly sampled his bake, with clear disgust in his eyes. Bob donned slippers in the tent too and, actually, it’s a wonder more bakers haven’t followed his lead. We love a rogue bake or two, but there are few greater mysteries than why Daisy Ridley baked a toilet cake. ‘I know it looks awful,’ she told Prue, who confirmed: ‘It does look awful.’ But when Paul probed her on how long she’d mixed her cake for, Daisy struggled to give a clear answer. ‘I put it in a bowl and I whisked it… I didn’t do it for too long. ‘Some few moments, until the big bits of flour were gone.’ To which Paul informed her: ‘You’ve overmixed it’ – oh dear. ‘Started making it, had a breakdown, bon appetit,’ – have more iconic words ever been spoken in the Bake Off tent? James, bless him, put his heart and soul into making flapjacks but they didn’t quite turn out how he wanted. But at least he provided a very entertaining TV moment. Former Countdown host Nick Hewer quickly entered the Bake Off hall of fame with his rather flat profiteroles. To be fair to him, he did at least invent a convincing cover story for his disaster: ‘It’s the new, choux. It’s the rage in Milan, it’s sweeping Italy, it’s on its way here. ‘It wasn’t easy to get there, I went through 23 eggs and in all and I’m never going to do it again,’ he shared – probably for the best. Alison was having the time of her life in the Bake Off tent, telling viewers: ‘Things are just running so smoothly, this is such boring TV.’ But when she took on her showstopper, things took a turn for the worse. Her biscuits fell apart everywhere and she completely lost it when presenting her edible police station. We wouldn’t expect anything less from Alison. Jade had the fabulous idea of Pornstar Martini fondant fancies but she got distracted by Paul, and became ‘starstruck’. ‘Those eyes! I’m getting all hot and bothered,’ she told the cameras. We love a good celebrity crush. David’s running commentary was compared to having ‘Radio 4 on in the background’ as he made a point of sharing every little detail of his process. But his epic rant about having to sieve flour has to be the highlight when he asked: ‘Why do you have to sieve it, why can’t you just put it in normally? Have I chosen the wrong sieve? ‘I didn’t come into this thinking sieving will be a nightmare. I thought the difficult things in cooking were when you flambé stuff. But no, sieving something into a bowl? You’ll wish you were dead.’ Alan’s Rainbow inspired dream cake turned into a complete nightmare as he struggled with his fondant icing. It all got a bit much as he cried with laughter, telling Noel Fielding: ‘I’ve never cried on telly before.’ Confronted with the disaster, Paul revealed it was a Bake Off first. ‘You shouldn’t be able to snap a sponge… I’ve never seen that before.’ The Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up to Cancer begins tonight at 8pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who is Martin Lewis and what is his net worth? MORE : Made In Chelsea’s Ollie Locke chops off his signature long hair to donate to young girl with cancer 