An Olympic gold-winning gymnast alleged to be Vladimir Putin’s mistress is hiding with their four children in a Swiss chalet, sources claim. Alina Kabaeva, 38, is thought to have two sons and two seven-year-old twin daughters with the 69-year-old Russian tyrant. Putin is known for despising questions about his personal life, having previously said he deplored ‘those who with their snotty noses and erotic fantasies prowl into others’ lives. After launching his invasion of Ukraine on February 24, members of his family were said to be hiding in a secret underground bunker in Siberia. Putin has two other adult daughters – Maria, 36, and Katerina, 35, from his first marriage to former flight attendant Lyudmila Shkrebneva. He is also reported to have an 18-year-old daughter named Luiza Rozova, also known as Elizaveta Krivonogikh, from a previous relationship with housekeeper-turned-multimillionaire Svetlana Krivonogikh. Putin has fought hard to keep his children from the media spotlight and rarely speaks about them publicly, prompting some confusion over how many he actually has. But stories keep circulating of his alleged relationship with Kabaeva – once dubbed ‘Russia’s most flexible woman’. The decorated gymnast, who once posed nude for Maxim, has rarely been seen in public over the past few years despite her high profile. She served as a pro-Kremlin member of parliament for eight years and in 2014 was appointed by the government to run the state-owned National Media Group for a reported annual salary of $10million (£7.6million) Kabaeva’s children with Putin are thought to all have Swiss passports, having all been born in Switzerland. ‘While Putin carries out his assault on the Ukraine, attacking innocent citizens and causing a refugee crisis, his family is holed up in a very private and very secure chalet somewhere in Switzerland — for now, at least,’ a source told Page Six. There have been reports of Kabaeva wearing a wedding ring and rumours she married Putin in a secret Russian Orthodox ceremony – but there are no records of a marriage. She is reported to have a fleet of Maybach limousines at her disposal, and has been escorted by a crew of heavily armed security guards on visits to a Moscow cafe. Kabaeva is one of the most decorated competitors in rhythmic gymnastic history, having won two Olympic medals, 14 World Championship medals, and 25 European Championship medals during her career. Many Russians saw her as the reason for the breakdown of Putin’s marriage to Shkrebneva, his two adult daughters. Alexander Lukashenko the dictator of neighbouring Belarus, hinted that Putin’s divorce came about because Kabaeva ‘put pressure’ on him. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.  