Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson enjoyed a cute lunch date at In-N-Out Burger amid the ongoing Kanye West feud. The Skims creator, 41,  and the comedian, 28, rocked up to the fast-food joint in Los Angeles on Thursday afternoon and proved they are both still in the honeymoon phase. New snaps show the couple in Kim’s custom grey Mercedes-Benz, while Pete was sitting comfortably beside her as staff members handed the pair their food in the drive-thru. In one of the pictures, Pete is holding his drink in his hand while in conversation with the fresh-faced reality star. After months of speculation following their SNL sketch last year, it looks like Kim and Pete are no longer hiding their affection for one another – and we’ve been loving every second. Fans were checking Kim’s Instagram feed daily and wondered when a post dedicated to Pete would drop, but it happened – finally. In a series of shots, the KKW founder had the comic’s head in her lap while gesturing for a kiss. Another frame saw Pete take a selfie in a pair of sunglasses, with Kim seen pouting behind him next to a mirror. Kim – who was declared legally single at the beginning of the month after filing for divorce from the Jesus Walks rapper – recently appeared on the Ellen DeGeneres Show and revealed that her relationship with Pete has reached an interesting milestone. Pete has the Keeping up star’s name branded on his chest! But there’s more ink, according to Kim. ‘The other ones are cutesy things. I think my favourite one, it says: “My girl is a lawyer.” And that one’s really cute,’ she said. Elsewhere the highly publicised fall-out between Kim, Kanye, and Pete is raging on after host Trevor Noah claimed that Ye was harassing his ex-wife. After Kanye blasted the Daily Show presenter with a racial slur, his Instagram was suspended for 24 hours. The Touch the Sky hitmaker, who is currently dating social media star Chaney Jones, has also been reportedly banned from this year’s Grammy awards. According to Variety, Kanye’s rep confirmed reports from The Blast that he was scrapped from the ceremony as a result of his ‘concerning online behaviour’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pregnant Rihanna is a woman of the people as she hits up Target for bargains on baby clothes while preparing for motherhood MORE : Julia Fox bares her toned midriff in quirky head-to-toe denim look with bandeau top and handbag made from jeans 