A woman in an argument with her boyfriend threw his three-year-old pug off a seventh-floor balcony, while smiling, according to police and the pet owner. Eric Adeson, 56, said he watched as his girlfriend of eight months, Shelley Nicole Vaughn, 46, toss his dog Bucky from his condominium in Clearwater Beach, Florida, early Sunday. ‘I was just screaming, I was horrified,’ Adeson told the New York Post on Tuesday. ‘I lost Bucky and I lost someone I cared about. There’s just so much tragedy in this story.’ Vaughn, who was on prescription drugs and smoking marijuana and drinking, first threw Adeson’s cell phone and keys over the balcony before doing the same to Bucky, he claims. She was apparently triggered after Adeson asked her to leave. Bucky fell onto an asphalt parking lot in Adeson’s complex. ‘A part of me was thinking, “Is there any way he’s still alive?” But the common sense in me said no way,’ said Adeson, who lives on the fifth floor. ‘I’m in a state of shock over this whole thing.’ Adeson had obtained a restraining order against Vaughn hours before the incident. Vaughn has been charged with felony animal cruelty, domestic battery and criminal mischief, according to WTVT. Online records showed she was still in custody as of early Tuesday. Adeson has filed a civil lawsuit against Vaughn, seeking $30,000 in damages, the Tampa Bay Times reported. ‘We felt it necessary to do something big and loud to scream to the community that these kinds of acts are unacceptable,’ Adeson’s lawyer Katherine Neal told the TV station. Adeson, a math and SAT tutor, claimed that Vaughn hit him during a fight in September in Atlanta, but he did not press charges at the time. ‘The combination of Xanax, marijuana and alcohol makes her snap,’ Adeson said. ‘She just goes crazy.’ Adeson got Bucky in 2019 to to keep his 13-year-old pug Sandy company as the older dog received treatment for cancer. Sandy was not hurt during the altercation on Sunday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.