Although thousands of Ukrainians fleeing the invasion could land in the UK next week, accommodation being offered may not be vetted in time. Refugee minister Lord Richard Harrington yesterday warned it ‘may not be possible’ for all council checks to take place before they arrive under the Homes for Ukraine scheme. He added: ‘Where there’s a possibility of vulnerability with children, this sort of thing, that would take priority.’ He told the Commons ‘I’d like to’ give assurances evacuees will not be put in hotels — but could not promise that. ‘If all else fails, it’s our duty to make sure they’ve got a roof over their head,’ he said. Questioned over how hosts will be vetted, he added: ‘The reality is we’re having to do this very quickly.’ So far, more than 138,000 Brits have registered their interest in opening their doors to Ukrainians fleeing the war. Those who have found someone to sponsor can apply tomorrow. Councils will initially get £10,500 per evacuee to help with education, social care and language support. More than 3 million people have left Ukraine in Europe’s fastest growing refugee crisis since World War II, the UN said. Unicef added 1.4 million children fled. Poland, which has taken in nearly 2 million people, has begun issuing ID numbers to refugees so they can access social services, benefits and jobs. Polish schools have enrolled 54,000 Ukrainian pupils, said officials. Meanwhile, more than 100,000 households and organisations have expressed interest in taking in Ukrainians fleeing war in the first 24 hours of the UK’s resettlement scheme. The government sponsorship plan will let Brits host refugees for a minimum of six months in exchange for £350 a month. Prime minister Boris Johnson called the response ‘fantastic’, tweeting: ‘Thank you to everyone across the country who has stepped up to offer their help so far.’ And Europe minister James Cleverly said he was ‘proud’ the system struggled amid a rush to sign up. ‘We could have spent more time stress-testing this website. But, frankly, I’m glad we moved quickly on this,’ he added. ‘I’m glad the website crashed, because it is a reflection of that generosity of the British people.’ Already the programme has come under criticism — as, initially, people must know a specific refugee to take part, rather than being matched with those in need. But Mr Cleverly told Radio 4: ‘There are charities, faith groups, who are already in contact with people in Ukraine. So, actually, rather than introduce a potentially slow and bureaucratic process, where people have already got connections… we want to be as agile and as quick as possible.’ Around 3 million people have fled the war, with neighbouring nations starting to struggle to keep up. Yesterday, the Disasters Emergency Committee, which has raised £175million, warned an increasing number have no family in Europe to help, are deeply traumatised and have lost more possessions than earlier evacuees. The fastest-growing group is those who stayed in Ukraine ‘until they really had no choice’, said one DEC charity partner. Meanwhile, the Home Office said it had issued 4,600 visas under the Ukraine Family Scheme as of 4pm on Monday. According to its website, 17,600 applications have been submitted. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.