The Apprentice’s Claude Littner ended up being hounded by fans after Camilla Ainsworth’s legendary ‘yoo-hoo’ during the interview stages, which is still a massive talking point on social media. Tonight marks the return of the interview stages of The Apprentice, where the final four will get expertly grilled by Lord Sugar’s trusted team of business advisers. It also means the comeback of Claude, who’s been absent so far in this series after a bike accident prevented him from filming. We’re sure he’ll soon be back to his usual self in the interview room, but one former contestant admitted her run-in with the 72-year-old aide had quite the impact. Chatting to Metro.co.uk, former finalist Camilla reflected on her viral interview stage moment, where she decided to announce her arrival in the interview room by saying ‘yoo-hoo!’ to Claude. The aide wasn’t impressed, immediately questioning her words back to her, leading her to apologise and look mortified. ‘Every year, usually, like three or four times, I get it sent to me,’ Camilla told is. ‘It’s going viral on Tik Tok at the moment and loads of my friends are sending it to me.’ But Camilla ‘stands by the greeting’ because it’s who she is ‘in real life.’ The businesswoman added: ‘I think anything different then I wouldn’t have been my genuine self. I did actually plan in my head to go in and say, “good afternoon, Claude,” but then the nerves obviously got in the way and before you know it, it just came out of my mouth. ‘I feel like I own it. I definitely don’t regret it because it’s 2022 now, it was 2018, or 2019 then and personality goes a long way. You’ve got to be authentic to yourself, and that’s me. I stand by the yoo-hoo!’ However, she laughed: ‘But poor Claude, he said, that he couldn’t leave the house for ages. ‘He was being accosted by people shouting “yoo-hoo”, which is really funny.’ Tonight will see remaining contestants Harpreet Kaur, Stephanie Affleck, Brittany Carter and Kathryn Burn fight it out for just two places in next week’s finale. They’ll face an examination from Mike Souter, Linda Plant, Claudine Collins – as well as Claude. But who will manage to survive the toughest interviews of their life and get within touching distance of becoming Lord Sugar’s next business partner? The Apprentice airs tonight at 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Big Questions: Karren Brady on The Apprentice, Imposter Syndrome bias and criticism of Molly-Mae Hague MORE : The Apprentice 2022: Viewers in stitches over huge ‘first time dies’ gaffe: ‘It looks like we want to kill children’ 