The Russian Foreign Minister’s stepdaughter has been sanctioned in a new UK crackdown on allies of Vladimir Putin. Polina Kovaleva, Sergei Lavrov’s ‘unofficial wife’s’ child – widely considered a London party girl – has a luxury home in the centre of the capital. The Imperial College London and Loughborough University graduate is one of 65 individuals and organisations hit by a new round of sanctions. It means the Government has now targeted more than 1,000 entities since Russia’s war with Ukraine began. Kovaleva will have her assets frozen and be prohibited from travelling from or to the UK. Her mother is thought to be Svetlana Polyakova, 51, a powerful member of the Russian Foreign Ministry said to be Lavrov’s ‘unofficial’ wife. Crowds reportedly chanted ‘your Dad’s a murderer’ outside her 26-year-old daughter’s £4.4 million home in Kensington earlier this month. Kovaleva’s Instagram account shows her living the high life, posing by pools and on boats in exclusive destinations, decked in expensive clothing and jewelry. The raft of new sanctions also hit the paramilitary Wagner Group – seen as Vladimir Putin’s private army – and came as Boris Johnson urged allies to ‘step up’ and support moves against the Kremlin’s invasion. The Prime Minister is using a Nato emergency summit in Brussels on Thursday to commit to a new package, including 6,000 more missiles, to help fight the Russian President’s forces. The Foreign Office said it was sanctioning 65 more entities and individuals, including Russian billionaire Eugene Shvidler and Galina Danilchenko, who was installed by Moscow as the mayor of occupied Melitopol in south-east Ukraine. The Wagner Group is feared to be plotting assassination attempts on Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. The Government says key industries supporting Russia’s illegal invasion – including Russian Railways and defence company Kronshtadt, the main producer of Russian drones – are also being sanctioned, alongside six more banks and the world’s largest diamond producer, Alrosa. Other individuals sanctioned include the founder of Tinkoff bank Oleg Tinkov and Herman Gref, the CEO of Russia’s largest bank Sberbank. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said: ‘These oligarchs, businesses and hired thugs are complicit in the murder of innocent civilians and it is right that they pay the price. ‘All those sanctioned today will have their assets in the UK frozen which means no UK citizen or company can do business with them, and individuals subject to travel bans are also prohibited from travelling to or from the UK.’ Ms Truss continued: ‘Today’s sanctions will bring the total global asset value of the banks the UK has sanctioned since the invasion to £500bn and the net worth of the oligarchs and family members in excess of £150bn. ‘The government will continue to tighten the screw and use sanctions to degrade the Russian economy on a scale that the Kremlin, or any major economy, has never seen before.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Putin facing coup by Russian spy chiefs over Ukraine invasion