A former Miss Hitler beauty queen who is in jail for being part of a neo-Nazi terrorist group may be released after serving just half of her time. Alice Cutter, now 25, was handed a three-year sentence in March 2020 for her role in banned far-right organisation National Action. The waitress joked about gassing synagogues, using a Jewish person’s head as a football and attended multiple rallies where she and her peers held banners which said ‘Hitler was right’. She competed in the Miss Hitler beauty pageant to drive recruitment for National Action, using the name ‘Miss Buchenwald’ in reference to the Second World War death camp. Cutter was dubbed a ‘central spoke’ in the organisation during her trial at Birmingham Crown Court. But now Cutter is preparing for her parole hearing later this month – meaning she may be released as early as this summer. If her hearing is successful, she will only have been behind bars at HMP New Hall, near the village of Flockton in West Yorkshire, for 19 months. The parole board stressed it spends time and resources considering the impact of releasing an inmate early before making the decision. A spokesperson said: ‘Decisions are solely focused on what risk a prisoner could represent to the public if released and whether that risk is manageable in the community. ‘A panel will carefully examine a huge range of evidence, including details of the original crime, and any evidence of behaviour change, as well as explore the harm done and impact the crime has had on the victims. ‘Members read and digest hundreds of pages of evidence and reports in the lead up to an oral hearing. ‘Evidence from witnesses including probation officers, psychiatrists and psychologists, officials supervising the offender in prison as well as victim personal statements are then given at the hearing. ‘The prisoner and witnesses are then questioned at length during the hearing which often lasts a full day or more. Parole reviews are undertaken thoroughly and with extreme care. Protecting the public is our number one priority.’ If Cutter had been jailed before 2020, she would have automatically been released halfway through her sentence without any hearing. This policy used to apply to any terrorist handed a sentence with a definitive end – anything less than life. But the Terrorist Offenders (Restriction of Early Release) Act was implemented in 2020, changing the law to require all terrorists to be assessed before any decisions are made about their release. Depending on what the parole board thinks, the neo-Nazi beauty queen may also be considered for open prison – where she would be able to leave jail during the day and return at night. Cutter was jailed alongside other ‘diehard’ colleagues – her ex-partner Mark Jones and other group members Garry Jack and Connor Scothern. Rail engineer Jones was described as a ‘leader and a strategist’ who was London’s regional organiser. He was part of a group which performed a Nazi salute while holding a National Action flag in Buchenwald’s execution room during a trip to Germany in 2016. This was the same year National Action, which praised the far-right murder of MP Jo Cox, was declared a terrorist group and banned in the UK. Jones, who is serving five and a half years, has also been referred to the parole board but his case is still being reviewed and no hearing dates have been decided yet. Likewise with Jack, who is serving four and a half years. Scothern, who was originally handed an 18-month detention sentence, was refused release in 2020 and has not been referred to the board again since. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.