The international nuclear watchdog says it can no longer monitor what is going on at Chernobyl after remote systems went dark. Experts from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) are increasingly worried about the situation at the ruined plant, where 210 scientists are being held. Russian forces have controlled it for several days and have kept workers trapped to operate vital safety mechanisms. Now the IAEA has revealed that it appeared ‘remote data transmission from safeguards monitoring systems installed at the Chernobyl NPP had been lost’. Ukraine’s state regulator said it ‘could only communicate with the plant via email’ after being denied access for almost a fortnight. The IAEA has offered to hold talks between Russia and Ukraine to alleviated the crisis and agree a system for rotating exhausted staff being held against their will. In a statement, the watchdog revealed that, while workers have ‘access to food and water, and medicine to a limited extent’, the ‘situation for the staff was worsening’. The Ukrainian government has previously detected increased radiation coming from the scene of the world’s worst nuclear disaster. At the time, officials said it was likely due to military vehicles disturbing radioactive material in the soil around the wrecked plant. Director general Rafael Mariano Grossi: ‘I’m deeply concerned about the difficult and stressful situation facing staff at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant and the potential risks this entails for nuclear safety. ‘I call on the forces in effective control of the site to urgently facilitate the safe rotation of personnel there.’ MORE : Zelensky channels Churchill with ‘we will fight on the beaches’ speech to MPs Ukraine’s atomic regulator said eight of the country 15 nuclear reactors are continuing to operate as normal. That figure includes two at the Zaporizhzhya plant, the largest in Europe which has been surrounded by Russian forces since last week. It said radiation levels at the sites remained normal, according to IEAE. The meltdown at the Chernobyl plant in April 1986 remains the world’s worst ever industrial disaster. An exclusion zone remains in place around the ruined core because radiation levels remain dangerously high. Public access to the 1,000 square mile restricted area is tightly controlled but Russian troops have rolled through. It is unclear why the Kremlin has prioritised taking control of the defunct plant but it may intended as a show of strength and warning about the impact of any military response from the West. Nuclear safety has emerged as a key issue in the conflict which is raging across a country with 15 active reactors. Last week saw a battle for control of Europe’s largest plant draw international condemnation for Kremlin forces. CCTV footages revealed Russian soldiers fired shells towards the plant to overcome Ukrainian forces stationed to protect it. Even China – which has failed to condemn the invasion was concerned enough to offer a rare rebuke towards their allies in Moscow. At the time, a Ukrainian spokesperson said: ‘Putin’s actions could lead to another nuclear disaster, affecting the entire world. ‘The city of Enerhodar, housing the largest nuclear power plant in Europe, is preparing for a battle with the invaders ‘If shells hit near the nuclear power plant, they will damage transformers, turbines, and other equipment that ensures the plant’s safety. ‘To prevent this from happening, the entrance to Energodar is guarded by the brave station workers and military.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.