Jamie Carragher has accused Chelsea fans of being ‘hypocritical’ after he was criticised for suggesting that Manchester United should make a move for Thomas Tuchel in the wake of Roman Abramovich’s sanction. Chelsea are now operating under heavy restrictions after Abramovich’s assets were frozen by the British Government last week. The Champions League holders are currently unable to sell tickets for games, sell merchandise, or agree new contracts with players. In response to Abramovich’s sanction, Carragher suggested that United should attempt to bring Tuchel to Old Trafford this summer, which angered Chelsea supporters. But Carragher has defended his suggestion and claims Chelsea have been taking advantage of other clubs in the Premier League ever since Abramovich bought the club in 2003. ‘It is fair to say I had a few heated discussions at Stamford Bridge yesterday. The Chelsea supporters, the same as any set of supporters, are very passionate about their club and at this moment feel like the world is attacking them,’ Carragher said on Sky Sports. ‘They are defending their club and I totally get that. There were a few conversations about that and I wouldn’t change my opinion on it. ‘The reason why I feel like it’s a little bit hypocritical of Chelsea supporters is that if teams, whether that’s Manchester United with the manager or people thinking they can get Chelsea players, [they] are going to take advantage of the situation that they are in right now – Chelsea have been doing that for 20 years. ‘That was the big thing about Roman Abramovich coming. We can throw our money about and get who we want. We’re going to go to Manchester United and the first thing we’ll do… they’ve got a money-making machine at Manchester United, we want to become that. ‘We’re going to get Peter Kenyon, their CEO. We’ll go to Liverpool and take the best midfield player in Europe [Steven Gerrard] and destabilise that club for two summers. Didn’t get him. We’ll get Ashley Cole. Invincible, won everything at Arsenal, yeah we’ll get him. We get caught tapping up, it doesn’t matter, we’ll pay the fine. ‘England were flying at the time under Sven-Goran Eriksson. England manager, no we want him at Chelsea, it doesn’t matter what he’s doing with the FA or England. We’ll have him and we’ll pay the fine don’t worry. We’ll get caught with that. ‘Chelsea Football Club have taken advantage of every other club in the last 20 years because of Roman Abramovich. So if I’ve got an opinion of someone taking advantage of them, that’s just a fact, it’s a way of life. And that’s the way it may be for Chelsea, they have to accept that. ‘Some of the things with Chelsea, in terms of closing the club shop and stopping kids getting Mason Mount on the back of their shirt, I don’t agree with that. And I certainly don’t want Chelsea to go to the wall, I don’t want that at all. ‘But if that’s my opinion on it, I certainly don’t want Chelsea fans next time I go there questioning my opinion because that’s exactly what Chelsea have done for 20 years.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 