Nasa finally rolled out its moon rocket from the assembly plant to its launch pad in Florida. Rollout of the 32-story Space Launch System (SLS) rocket and its Orion crew capsule marks a key milestone in US plans for lunar exploration after years of setbacks. The space agency admitted last year it wouldn’t be able to hit its target of putting humans back on the lunar surface by 2024. But yesterday the public got a first glimpse at the space vehicle that’s been over a decade in the making. The SLS-Orion, which cost around £28 billion to develop, constitutes the backbone of the Nasa’s Artemis programme which is aimed at returning astronauts to the moon. The Artemis mission is also supposed to put the first woman on the moon. The spectacle was broadcast live on Nasa Television and the space agency’s website. A band from the University of Central Florida played the American national anthem as the rollout began in front of throngs of employees and other onlookers gathered outside. ‘Ladies and gentlemen, the world’s most powerful rocket, right here,’ Nasa chief Bill Nelson told the crowd, gesturing toward the spacecraft minutes after the rollout started. ‘Humanity will soon embark on a new era of exploration.’ Among those in the crowd was former astronaut Tom Stafford, who orbited the moon as commander of Apollo 10 in 1969, Nasa said in its webcast. Apollo 10 was the fourth crewed mission in the United States Apollo programme, and the second to orbit the Moon. The mission was a dress rehearsal for the first moon landing. The megarocket — standing taller than the Statue of Liberty — was slowly trundled to Launch Pad 39B atop an enormous tractor-crawler, creeping at less than a mile per hour on a 6.5 km journey that was expected to take about 11 hours. Once secured at the pad, the SLS-Orion ship is to be prepared for a critical pre-flight test called a ‘wet dress rehearsal’, which will begin on April 3. During the approximately two-day test, teams will start by activating the facilities needed for launch and formally beginning the countdown sequence. This is a crucial step as Nasa will review data from the rehearsal before setting a specific target launch date for the Artemis I launch. Nasa is reportedly eyeing potential launch windows in April and May, but the final timeline depends on results of the rehearsal. MORE : Nasa’s new space telescope snaps first image: a star that exploded in the 17th century MORE : Nasa spent the last month preparing for an asteroid impact