A bathroom renovation can cost thousands of pounds. But one thrifty couple saved themselves from expensive labour and materials costs by hunting for bargains. The pair managed to pull off a stunning industrial bathroom transformation for just £550. Sharnene Jewell, 45, a housekeeper and mum of four from Cardiff, and her husband Paul, 51, were determined to save thousands by doing their bathroom all on their own. By upcycling old furniture from Gumtree, they saved a fortune – and gave their bathroom a truly unique look. Just as an example of the kind of thing they did, Sharnene and Paul sanded and polished a bath from Gumtree that should have cost £2,000, but they bought it for just £150. ‘The shower room on our top floor originally had a full-length cupboard behind the door, which I felt was a waste of space because it was really not used for anything,’ Sharnene told money-saving Facebook group DIY On A Budget UK. ‘We took the cupboard away and put a door opening from the landing to create a separate room. We then closed up the doorway from the walk-through dressing area and that created a fourth bedroom because we also blocked up the arch between the master bedroom and the dressing area.’ In the middle bathroom, the door used to hit the bath panel when it was fully open, so Sharnene felt it would make a better shower room. ‘So, it just made sense to swap them around,’ she explains. ‘I took the old shower cubicle out, and kept the original toilet, but moved the pipework.  I also moved the sink and bath pipework.’ She then bought tiles on sale in B&Q, at £8 a box for five boxes and found a drawer unit on Gumtree for £40. She replaced the handIes with copper pipes and fittings from B&Q and painted them black. The handles cost her £30. ‘I sanded and black washed the unit and painted some of it solid black,’ she adds.  ‘I bought a quarry cast bath from Gumtree for £150, which was sanded and polished. ‘I also bought a freestanding bath tap from Amazon for £140, and a sink tap for £25 from ebay.  The stone sink was £45 from eBay. I bought the glazed window from Gumtree for £20, and we handmade the frame.’ Sharnene then used old parquet floor tiles from Gumtree as wall tiles, which were completely free. ‘The mirror was from TK Maxx from £18. It was silver, but we painted it black, with a brown rust effect,’ she says. ‘We had no outside help, my husband and I did all the work. My mother-in-law paid £7,000 about 10 years ago to have her bathroom done, so I just knew we would be able to save loads by doing it ourselves. ‘My husband fitted our last bathroom so he had quite a bit of knowledge, but YouTube is a great place to watch videos on how to do things. ‘It’s my dream bathroom, I just love how warm it feels with all the dark wood and plants. I’m very much into industrial decor so I’m loving my industrial style window, black taps and stone sink, but I think what makes me most happy is how cheaply I managed to do it all for.’ In total, the whole renovation cost the couple around £550. ‘Buying new is a lovely feeling, but when you create something with your own hands it just makes you feel so proud,’ says Sharnene. ‘When I first started buying furniture for my home I only ever bought new, but when I designed and made my first piece that was it really. Especially if on a budget, you can get much better quality items for less money and make them unique and perfect for your own home very easily with just paint and new hardware. ‘We were lucky really because we had another bathroom, so we didn’t have to rush it. We just did a little bit each weekend, so we did it over five months. ‘It’s amazing really and we are very proud of our achievement.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to train for your first 10K run MORE : What I Rent: Michael and Leo, £1,400 a month for a one-bedroom flat in Richmond, London MORE : Stunning Cornish chalet complete with holiday annexe on sale for £1.45million