The Apprentice fired candidate Stephanie Affleck revealed she would absolutely love to be mentored by Karren Brady following her firing from the BBC series. Tonight’s episode saw not one, but two, candidates fired after an intense interview process. Stephanie became the second casualty of the boardroom tonight, following the departure of Brittany Carter. But despite being fired and losing out on the investment, Stephanie is determined to work with one of Lord Sugar’s aides in the future. The second-hand designer marketplace owner shared how much she wants Karren on board with herself. Speaking to Metro.co.uk and other press, she said: ‘By the way, yes, I absolutely would love to be mentored by Karren Brady. ‘This is my campaign for that, let’s get that out there.’ Karren has been a part of the show for nearly 15 years, having been an interviewer since 2008, before replacing Margaret Mountford as an aide in 2009. So we’re sure she’d be the perfect assistant to help Stephanie grow. Elsewhere, Stephanie spoke fondly of her fellow candidates and how close they all grew to each other throughout the process. We are all the best of friends, often it was me and Kathryn stuffing our face in the cinema room having naps watching Netflix. ‘It wasn’t actually that exciting what would happen behind the scenes and but the thing is, we were not really allowed to watch much TV just in case it could help with the tasks and things like that. ‘ She went on to add: ‘I didn’t stay in the halls in my uni experience, and in a weird way, it was kind of like my uni experience. ‘When I left I was gutted I honestly feel I could have lived in there forever… everyone there had a really good sense of humour. It was a perfect summer.’ The Apprentice concludes on Thursday at 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Apprentice: Who is interviewer Linda Plant? Meet Lord Sugar’s ruthless aide MORE : The Big Questions: Karren Brady on The Apprentice, Imposter Syndrome bias and criticism of Molly-Mae Hague 