Mikel Arteta still has no plans to tie down Alexandre Lacazette’s future until the summer, despite the striker’s contract expiring at the end of the season. The Frenchman is the Arsenal captain and has been an important part of the side since December as the Gunners made their way up the Premier League table. Arteta’s side is now in a strong position to finish fourth, with Lacazette’s forward play helping out youngsters in the side like Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Martinelli, Emile Smith Rowe and Martin Odegaard. Lacazette did not score, but three of those younger men did in the 3-2 win over Watford on Sunday, with Smith Rowe missing the game through illness. The Gunners boss was asked if there is a case for Lacazette extending his stay at the Emirates, and he admitted there was, but the club is in no rush to do anything about it – with Eddie Nketiah and Mohamed Elneny in the same situation. ‘There is a case,’ said Arteta. ‘At the end of the season when we know where we are we’ll sit down with those three players and between all of us make a decision.’ Lacazette’s link-up play has been impressive, with Arteta describing his efforts as ‘phenomenal’ but he has been far from prolific, scoring just three league goals in 20 appearances this season. ‘He will still not be happy because he wants to score,’ continued Arteta. ‘A lot of things he does for the team are phenomenal.’ Speaking last week on the same situation, Arteta said: ‘We don’t know what is going to happen at the end of the season. What he needs to do is put aside that future. It is part of our game, we don’t have contracts that run for 20 years. That’s part of our job and we have to be conscious of that. ‘There’s nothing to tell him but to praise him, because every single day he behaves like someone that wants to stay with us.’ The win at Vicarage Road leaves Arsenal in a great position to finish in the fourth Champions League spot, ahead of Manchester United by a point and a place, but with three games in hand. The Gunners may even have designs on third spot, as they are five points behind Chelsea but with a game in hand on the Blues. MORE : Emile Smith Rowe misses Arsenal’s clash vs Watford due to Covid MORE : ‘I’m home!’ Pierre-Emerick Aubameynag takes dig at Arsenal after Barcelona move For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 