Tom Parker delighted the crowd when he appeared on stage with The Wanted, just weeks before his death. The Glad You Came singer died from cancer earlier today, March 30, at the age of 33. His wife Kelsey confirmed the sad news in a statement, explaining that he was surrounded by loved ones at the time of his death. Heartbroken fans have now shared their fond memories of seeing him on stage in Liverpool earlier this month, for the final night of The Wanted’s tour. The group, also made up of Max George, Jay McGuinness, Siva Kaneswaran and Nathan Sykes, finished their latest run of performances at the M&S Bank Arena on March 17. Taking to Twitter, those who say they were in the audience posted tributes to the late musician, heaping praise on his courage and strength. ‘Sorry to hear about Tom Parker. So young and talented. I only saw him in concert in Liverpool 2 weeks ago. Thinkng of you all and Tom’s family xxx [sic],’ one commented. ‘Forever grateful I was at his last ever show in Liverpool,’ a follower said. ‘Heartbroken for his family & friends. Rip Tom Parker, you’ll stay gold forever.’ A Twitter user wrote: ‘An absolute privilege to see you on stage one last time in Liverpool If that doesn’t show true determination, I don’t know what could! This man was a legend, a legend of his time @TomParker #WeLoveTom.’ ‘None of this feels real. The Liverpool show will forever hold a special place in my heart. Tom Parker a legend of his time always and forever,’ a fan commented. ‘Actually heart broken about Tom Parker. Him and the rest of @thewanted were such a big part of my childhood and I’ve gutted for them and Toms family,’ another added. ‘So glad I got to see them one last time in Liverpool the other week, what a send off. Sending them all so much love [sic].’ Following the performance, George described the tour as the ‘most special’ dates they have ever played, after Parker’s health issues. ‘Hand on heart… the most special tour we’ve ever done, for so many reasons,’ the All Time Low singer said on Instagram at the time. ‘Thank you to you fans for staying with us, we love you immeasurably. ‘We did it. @tomparkerofficial .. YOU did it! All I can say in words is thank you for making such beautiful memories over the last few weeks. I love every single one of you who stuck with us. ‘May our hearts be full, like our drinks tonight, may we sing and dance til’ we lose our minds, we are only young if we seize the night, tonight we own the night. This is not the end…..’ Parker opened up about his health in October, 2020, revealing his diagnosis of grade four glioblastoma. He explained that he had been undergoing radiotherapy and chemotherapy treatment to battle the condition. His wife shared the devastating news that he had died today, telling fans: ‘It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side. ‘Our hearts are broken, Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children. ‘Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout, he fought until the very end. I’m forever proud of you.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Parker’s final Instagram post pays tribute to The Wanted’s ‘dream team’ days before death aged 33 MORE : What is aphasia as it’s announced Bruce Willis is ‘stepping away’ from acting due to the condition? 