Tiger Woods played a practice round at Augusta on Tuesday ahead of what is being billed as one of the biggest comeback stories of recent times. According to ESPN, Woods, who was injured in a car crash just over a year ago, played 18 holes at the home of the Masters with his son Charlie and friend Justin Thomas. ‘He played every one of them,’ a source told ESPN. ‘He looked good to me.’ With just over a week to go before the start of the season’s first major, the news that Woods, who has won the Masters five times, could make a return at Augusta will shock the golfing world. Woods, now 46, has not played a regular event since the 2020 Masters and was not expected to participate at Augusta as he continues to recover from foot and leg injuries he incurred when his SUV smashed into a tree in Los Angeles in February 2021. However, Woods is still listed with the other 91 players expected to tee up at the Masters next week and, if he does end up playing, will lean on his triumph at Augusta in 2019 when he claimed the green jacket again following 11 years without a major and multiple surgeries. Speaking about his comeback in February, Woods said, “I wish I could tell you when I’m playing again. I want to know, but I don’t. My golf activity has been very limited. I can chip and putt really well and hit short irons very well, but I haven’t done any long stuff seriously. I’m still working. ‘I’m still working on the walking part. My foot was a little messed up there about a year ago, so the walking part is something that I’m still working on, working on strength and development in that. It takes time. ‘What’s frustrating is it’s not at my timetable. I want to be at a certain place, but I’m not. I’ve just got to continue working. I’m getting better, yes. But as I said, not at the speed and rate that I would like. You add in the age factor, too. You just don’t quite heal as fast, which is frustrating.’ MORE : Tiger Woods’ daughter, 14, recalls fears for father’s life during horror car crash: ‘We didn’t know if you’d come home with two legs or not’ MORE : Tiger Woods reveals instructions to golfer son as he updates fans on injury progress at PNC Championship For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 