One child in Colorado is showing promising talent for fashion design. Constantly making her own outfits with a sewing machine, she’s caught the eye of professional fashion designers. Kaia Aragon, the creative kid, has always been interested in style, according to her mother, Tonya. A few years ago she began making clothes and sewing things by hand. Tonya, a stay-at-home mom, told The New York Post that Kaia was very ‘meticulous’ about her fashion statements from a young age. She said: ‘She would always go over the top with accessories and she would mix and match things that didn’t make sense to me but would make sense after she put it on.’ Soon she got her own sewing machine, and has since been producing design after design. ‘I wanted to be a fashion designer since I was four and I[‘ve] been sewing off and on since I was five years old,’ Kaia told KRDO. Now she can sew up a dress in just an hour. ‘It is interesting to see how her mind worked,’ Tonya said. ‘I would just hand her a piece of fabric and within an hour she would have this beautifully designed piece because I thought it was unique I thought it was worth sharing.’ Kaia has sketchbooks to plan her designs in and generally makes one look a day. One source of inspiration was the movie Encanto, which led to her creating a bright watercolor flower dress. Another Disney project was inspired by Princess Jasmine, using an iridescent blue-green fabric cut into a one-sleeve dress. As well as making things from scratch, she upcycles existing clothes and turns them into fresh and exciting attire. ‘I like that depending on what you’re wearing it can make you feel confident and brave,’ she said. The ambitious kid wants to have her own company one day, and asks her friends and siblings to help out. She’s off to a good start though, as some people have already offered to pay for designs. Tonya is reluctant to agree to this, as she says designing clothes makes Kaia happy – fulfilling orders will make it a job. ‘She’s only nine, she’s in third grade, she should absolutely have the opportunity to change her mind if this isn’t something she wants to do forever,’ she said. ‘She’s at the point in her life where she should explore a million other things that she enjoys.’ But Tonya does share videos of Kaia at work on TikTok, where she’s earned millions of views. Comments show how impressed people are with the clothes from someone so young. ‘What a gift she has here!’ wrote one. ‘She’s so talented!’ wrote said. Even designer Vera Wang wrote ‘LOVE’ and a black heart on one video. She then sent Kaia a handwritten note and a purple backpack. The note read: ‘So excited to see you are already pursuing your dream of becoming a fashion designer! Congratulations and all good luck.’ Kaia says people enjoying her designs makes her ‘happy’. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : I went over a year without buying any new clothes – I’ve sworn off fast fashion MORE : Retro fashionista shares wardrobe filled with hundreds of pieces from the 60s and 70s MORE : ‘Wordle green’ fashion buys to show your love of 2022’s hit game