Grammy-award winner Lizzo has announced that she’s dropping her own shapewear line with Fabletics next month. Of course, with April Fools’ Day on the horizon, pretty much no product launch feels safe, but in this case, we’re ready to buy it – both figuratively and literally. The star shared the news on social media on March 30, writing that Yitty is ‘a dream five years in the making’. The line will be ‘for every damn body’, coming in sizes ranging from 6X to XS. ‘This is a love letter to my big grrrls,’ Lizzo later wrote on Instagram, ‘and a welcome letter to Every Body. This is *not* an invitation to change who you are… this is an opportunity to BE who you are on your terms. ‘I don’t know about y’all— but I’m sick of people telling me how I’m supposed to look and feel about my body. I’m tired of discomfort being synonymous with sexy. ‘If it’s uncomfortable TAKE IT OFF. And if it makes you feel good PUT IT ON. @YITTY isn’t just shapewear, it’s your chance to reclaim your body and redefine your beauty standard. I love y’all.’ [sic] The collections will be called Major Label, Nearly Naked and Mesh Me, and they’ll feature items like bras, leggings, waspies, tops, bodysuits, hoodies in an array of colours from neutrals to neons. And, in an Instagram live video showing off the offerings in the collections, Lizzo seemingly accidentally showed a sneak peek of what looked like Yitty sliders. The website says Yitty will be launched on April 12, so you’ll be able to get shopping in just under two weeks, and you can join the waitlist from now. We think you’ll have to move fast, however, because the hype is very real. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : What to watch this week: New documentaries from Lizzo and Olivia Rodrigo MORE : Lizzo shuts down body shamers as she embraces being a body icon and ‘creating her own beauty standard’ MORE : Lizzo is an absolute mood as she shakes her stuff after saying she gained weight: ‘I look hot’