Sean Penn has reportedly tested positive for Covid shortly after his return from Ukraine. The 61-year-old had been due to attend the Director’s Guild of America Awards on Saturday, but was missing in action. His critically-acclaimed film Licorice Pizza won an award but the movie’s director, Paul Thomas Anderson, was on-hand to accept the medallion instead. Sharing the reason for Penn’s absence, Anderson said on-stage: ‘Sean has tested positive for Covid, which is kind of crazy considering what he’s done for all of us… it’s a pleasure to work with him and all the actors that we work with, that’s the best part of this job… and I feel very grateful to be here.’ It comes not long after Penn returned from war-torn Ukraine where he had been filming a Vice documentary during the first days of Russia’s invasion, which has seen more than 1.5million refugees fleeing homes so far and multiple deaths. The Fast Times At Ridgemont High actor recently took to Twitter to voice his solidarity with the people of Ukraine, calling the war ‘a most horrible mistake’ by Russian leader President Vladimir Putin. He also said he had to ditch a car during filming before fleeing. Penn and another colleague walked to the Polish border after Mr Putin invaded. The director wrote: ‘Myself & two colleagues walked miles to the Polish border after abandoning our car on the side of the road. Almost all the cars in this photo carry women & children only, most without any sign of luggage, and a car their only possession of value.’ He accompanied the tweet by a photo of him walking along the road, wheeling his suitcase while a string of cars were abandoned for miles. Penn had earlier tweeted: ‘Already a brutal mistake of lives taken and hearts broken, and if he doesn’t relent, I believe Mr. Putin will have made a most horrible mistake for all of humankind. ‘Ukraine is the tip of the spear for the democratic embrace of dreams. If we allow it to fight alone, our soul as America is lost.’ The filmmaker began production for his documentary in November last year, focusing on the escalating tension in Ukraine. He was in the capital Kyiv when attacks were launched and sat at a government press briefing just hours into the invasion. Earlier this week, Penn was seen getting pulled over by police while driving through Malibu. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Elon Musk’s ex-wife Talulah Riley goes public with Love Actually star Thomas Brodie-Sangster at pre-Bafta party MORE : Sean Penn pulled over by sheriff in Malibu while driving car with police-style bull-bar after returning to US from war-stricken Ukraine 