Spring has sprung. The glorious sunshine has given us a taste of the warmer days to come. But while we welcome the change in weather, the spring and summer months can be a difficult time for hay fever sufferers. And it seems people are already starting to struggle with itchy eyes – with tree pollen season now in full swing (typically occurring from late March to mid-May). As a result, experts have shared some easy ways to ‘pollen-proof’ your home and minimise the effects while indoors – from cleaning and skincare, to pet grooming. Going outside with hay fever often involves tissues and antihistamine, but even indoor spaces can be tricky during the warmer months. Experts have shared some handy tips below, on how to reduce pesky pollen in your homes and keep symptoms at bay. As the weather heats up, it’s tempting to throw open the doors and window to bask in the sunshine. But this can be problematic for hay fever sufferers – as pollen can blow in and land all over the house. Adam Pawson, from Safestyle, says: ‘Keeping windows and doors closed is one of the easiest and most effective ways to minimise the amount of pollen entering your home. ‘If you do need to open windows, try to do this overnight when the pollen levels are much lower and close them again once you wake up.’ A bit of light dusting around the house can go a long way during pollen seasons – especially near windows. Helen O’Connor, a product manager at 247 Blinds, says: ‘Ideally, you should clean your blinds once a month to get rid of any dust or pollen that may be lingering on the surface. If you have roller blinds or roman blinds, just give them a soft dusting and gentle vacuum once a month. ‘Venetian blinds or plantation shutters can have a more thorough clean. Wipe down each slat using a damp cloth and some washing up liquid, then finish up with a quick dusting to ensure they’re pollen-free.’ Experts say washing your bedding once a week will help reduce trapped pollen sticking to your linens. So to eliminate allergens, put your bed sheets on a hot wash at least once a week. Also if you’ve spent the day outside – particularly on the grass – be sure to change and shower when you come home and pop those clothes in the wash. This will stop the pollen coming into your house, too. We know washing pollen off clothes is important – but the same goes for our skin. Mia Moseley-Smith, skincare expert at skincare retailer Face the Future, says: ‘If you struggle with seasonal allergies, it’s important to cleanse the skin as soon as you can to help minimise symptoms. ‘If you are wearing makeup or SPF you should double cleanse, starting with a micellar cleansing water to initially remove the majority of makeup and SPF from the skin, before following with a gentle cream or gel cleanser to fully clear your pores of dirt.’ ‘With dogs frequently going outside, they are prone to bringing in pollen which sticks to their fur. This means giving your dogs a thorough daily, or even twice daily, brush key in helping you deal with symptoms of hay fever,’ explains Catrin George, from Animal Friends Insurance. Some dogs even suffer from seasonal allergies themselves – including sneezing and watery eyes. Brushing your dog regularly will help get rid of this pollen-trapped fur – and might not only help you, but your four-legged friend, too. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : When does hay fever season start and what are the symptoms? MORE : Food allergy and intolerance: Five popular myths explained MORE : Woman with severe sun allergy scared to leave the house as heatwave causes horrific blisters