Boris Johnson has been accused of intervening in the decision to give a Russian-born media mogul a peerage after warnings it posed a national security risk. MI5 and MI6 are said to have withdrawn their opposition to granting a peerage to Lord Evgeny Lebedev, the son of an ex-KGB agent, after the prime minister got involved. Speaking to the Sunday Times, a source claimed ‘there was some security concern about the whole situation’ in March 2020. But by June 2020, the intelligence agencies allegedly said ‘with the extra information it got, they felt it wasn’t as big a threat as they had initially thought’. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Lord Lebedev, who owns the Evening Standard and The Independent, has said ‘all’ of the allegations are incorrect and the questions did not ‘merit an answer’. But Labour leader Keir Starmer says he’s ‘very concerned’ after the report. ‘It goes to the heart of national security and there’s at least the suggestion that the Government and the Prime Minister were warned that there was a national security risk in this particular appointment’, he said. ‘I think, in the circumstances, what the appropriate thing is for the Intelligence and Security Committee, which is a cross-party committee in Parliament that can have access to confidential material – I think this case should be referred to that committee so they can look into this story. ‘This allegation – which is very serious because, of course, it’s a matter of national security – I hope the Government will answer it today.’ Meanwhile, deputy leader Angela Rayner claims Mr Johnson’s ‘disregard for the facts is a threat to us all’. She said: ‘By dismissing the intelligence services’ advice and disrespecting officials, the Prime Minister has once again put personal interest before the public’s. And this time he’s risked national security. ‘It is clear that Boris Johnson has never been serious about taking the tough measures needed to eradicate Putin’s influence in Britain, and his friendships raise questions about his failure to act. This Government’s dangerous links to Putin’s oligarchs are putting us all at risk. ‘There must be an urgent investigation into how the Prime Minister was able to ignore security reports, including what requests were made of the intelligence services to overturn their decision, and whether parliamentary bodies were consulted.’ Dominic Raab this morning claimed Lord Lebedev went through a ‘very strict and stringent’ process when he was granted his peerage – but the justice secretary admitted he did not know the exact facts. ‘I wasn’t involved in it. But I do know that it was applied very rigorously in this case’, he said. ‘This was done properly and correctly, and we have procedures and systems in place to make sure it is.’ A government spokeswoman said:  ‘All individuals nominated for a peerage are done so in recognition of their contribution to society and all peerages are vetted by the House of Lords Appointments Commission.’ It comes after Lord Lebedev appealed to Russian President Vladimir Putin to call troops in Ukraine home and end the ‘terrible conflict’. In a statement published alongside a photograph of a paramedic performing CPR on a girl injured by shelling, Lord Lebedev said: ‘On this page are the final minutes of a six-year-old child fatally injured by shells that struck her Mariupol apartment block on Sunday. ‘She is still wearing her pink jacket as medics fight to save her. But it is too late. Other children, and other families, are suffering similar fates across Ukraine. ‘As a Russian citizen I plead with you to stop Russians killing their Ukrainian brothers and sisters. ‘As a British citizen I ask you to save Europe from war. As a Russian patriot I plead that you prevent any more young Russian soldiers from dying needlessly. As a citizen of the world I ask you to save the world from annihilation.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.