Good vegan mascaras can be hard to come by. Many formulas contain beeswax, making them animal-derived. Urban Decay has now launched a new vegan mascara – their very first – meaning shoppers can now do a full face of vegan beauty using their products. But is it any good? Well, we put it to the test, with the vegan eyeshadow palette launched alongside it. The positive news is a vegan mascara can be just as good as a regular one – there are very little shortcomings here. When I first applied the mascara, I noticed how long my lashes looked and how easy it was to build up the formula without clumps. Building up was necessary however, as the formula is on the thin side, so is more lengthening than volumising. Its saving grace is that this is fairly easy to do as the liquid doesn’t set and dry too fast, so there is time to work with it. Here’s how it looked on my eyes, without an eyelash curler, both freshly applied and several hours later. Buy it for £27 from Urban Decay. You can see it gives me a good noticeable lash, but not a particularly strong one. Natural makeup fans will particularly enjoy this. The brush isn’t oversized either – it’s very average in shape and length (there’s a slight curve in it), so avoiding smudges on the eyelid is easy too. In all, it’s a great ‘everyday’ mascara. This truly is a workhorse mascara – it looked exactly the same at 11pm as it did at 8am. Most mascaras smudge on me, and given how slowly this mascara dried down, my hopes were low. As you can see above, though, it gave me virtually no detectable smudges or flaking. The rest of my makeup looked worn in and far less fresh than in the morning, but the mascara held up impeccably. It might not be as volumnising as I’d like, but for this reason alone the product is staying in my makeup bag. Many people will get on with this – maybe vegan makeup is the way forward. Buy it for £39.50 from Urban Outfitters. This was a little disappointing. Firstly, the packaging is impractical (no mirror and uneven flaps) and childish. It’s quite slim to carry, which is unlike Urban Decay, whose palettes are normally chunky – so that’s something positive on the packaging front. The colour story is varied enough, with actually not that much green making it easy to wear, but the formula is unlike the usual Urban Decay standard. Shimmers are thin to the touch, with not much opacity unless built up. Longstanding brand fans will be disappointed here, sadly, but makeup novices might love the dip into colour with a fun layout and gentle pigmentation. The look I ended up with was nice, but I’ll probably pass this palette onto a friend. Invest in the mascara and skip the palette, I say. You can’t really go wrong. Shop the Wild Green range here. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Wearing this £10.99 mascara means you don’t need a lash lift MORE : Is Maybelline’s Sky High mascara worth the faff? MORE : Up-and-coming makeup brand Vieve opens a London pop-up