A mum has told of the heartbreak of saying goodbye to her parents as she left Kyiv with her baby son to escape the Russian invasion. Olga Dyukareva, 30, is ‘afraid of every sound’ after the trauma of coming under attack during the multi-pronged assault on Ukraine, which forced her family of four to shelter in a school basement for three days. As it became increasingly difficult to leave the city, she took the heartbreaking decision to leave her parents behind and head for Poland. Olga and her son, Zhenechka, are now ‘wrapped in care and love’ by a host family after an incredible outpouring of support from people in the neighbouring country, which has accepted 1.5 million refugees. But she has mental scars and fears for her dad and disabled mum left behind in the city as Russian forces inch closer towards the central districts on day 16 of the increasingly bloody invasion. ‘I have already begun to stutter, I am afraid of every sound,’ Olga said. ‘My heart is shattered into little pieces. I will live with this pain for the rest of my days. It will never be the same again. ‘A little girl lives in me, who since childhood knows good always triumphs over evil. I try to listen to it and believe in it with all my might.’ The single mum leaves behind a country where multiple atrocities against civilians have reportedly been carried out by Russian forces, including the deadly bombing of a maternity hospital in Mariupol. In Kyiv, Russian troops and armour are thought to be within 13 miles of the centre, with a vast convoy seen near Antonov Airport to the north west. Residents have already endured shelling and missile and air strikes, with dwindling supplies of food, water and medicine. Olga and her family were woken by explosions and shaking windows when the attack was launched in the early hours of February 24. After they packed for two hours, the musician went with her seven-month-old son, parents and the family’s two small dogs to a local shelter. ‘We hid in the basement of a nearby school,’ she said. ‘My mum has a disability and she does not walk by herself, only with someone’s help. For three days we lived in the basement while the Russian troops blew up residential buildings and bridges and shot at civilians, women, children and the elderly.’ Medical needs for Olga’s mum and keeping her baby fed compounded the fraught conditions in the shelter. Instagram proved a lifeline as she was able to communicate with others about what to do and where to find help. ‘The Ukrainian people are so strong in spirit, we all quickly cooperated and began to help each other,’ she said. ‘Ukrainian people scattered all over the world provided any assistance they could. No matter how it sounds, Instagram saved a lot of people in this situation. ‘People sent each other cries for help and it worked and still works.’ The family’s home is on the city’s left bank, which was initially targeted with shelling and a reported failed attempt by Russia to land paratroopers. Pictures showed an apartment block set ablaze. Olga and her parents made the wrenching decision that she and Zhenechka should leave the city, and she found a bus to the western gateway of Lviv. ‘The decision was not easy,’ Olga said. ‘With pain in my heart, I had to leave my house, my family, my sick mother, and my father early in the morning in order to save my child, who is not safe in Ukraine. ‘My parents and I made bracelets for our son with his data and phone numbers of loved ones, in case something happened to me on the road. ‘Thank God they were not needed.’ On the fifth day of the invasion, Olga caught the bus just hours before a Russian bombardment rained down on the capital. In Lviv, she was helped by local volunteers who took the pair to a hotel – which was organised by a friend for free – where they again had to shelter in a basement after air raid sirens rang out. Through Instagram, she found another Ukrainian woman whose husband fed and hosted them overnight after they took a taxi to the city of Novovolynsk, 10km from the Polish border. The next day he took the refugees to the frontier with Poland, where she crossed on foot, taking only a suitcase and three bags. The pair were met by a family who had also reached out to Olga via Instagram, giving the new arrivals a room at their home in Domaradz – part of a huge outpouring of support for the mass influx of refugees. ‘Words of gratitude will never be enough for me,’ she said. ‘My son is wrapped in care and love’ Olga spoke as evidence showed that the Kremlin has targeted residential areas of Ukrainian cities in barbaric attacks, with at least 549 civilians killed during the invasion so far, according to the United Nations. She told Metro.co.uk that her mother is ‘very sick’ in Kyiv and needs to be cared for by her father, who is unable to leave the country under martial law which stops men aged between 18 and 60 from crossing the borders. Olga also issued an impassioned plea to help children unable to leave because of the war, speaking as Vladimir Putin was predicted to intensify his assault on the capital. ‘A lot of children were left without parents and many are dying,’ she said. ‘There are kids who never had parents and they are still sitting in basements without food and water. I call on the whole world to help my country. ‘Do not be silent. My native land, like my heart, bleeds. ‘The people of Kharkov, Mariupol, Zaporozhye, Sumy and Irpin have suffered greatly and the invaders are still bombing our land and killing civilians.’ More than 2.5 million people have now left Ukraine, according to the United Nations Refugee Agency today. Another 1.85 million are internally displaced and a further 12.65 million affected by the conflict and also contending with freezing temperatures. In defiance of the brutality being unleashed on her homeland, Olga expressed her fierce pride for her roots. ‘I love my people even more,’ she said. ‘We are brave, we are strong, we are invincible. I am proud that my son and I are Ukrainians.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.