Jamie Carragher believes Harry Maguire could be sold by Manchester United if his struggles for form continue. Renan Lodi’s header after 42 minutes dumped United out of the Champions League at the last 16 stage on Wednesday night, extending the Premier League side’s search for silverware for another season. As United pushed for an equaliser, Maguire, whose form has been persistently crticised this season, was one of those sacrificed with Juan Mata brought onto replace him. Ironic cheers were heard from a section of the Old Trafford crowd as he came off to encapsulate the current woes the United captain is experiencing. Former Liverpool defender Carragher sympathises with the England international but has warned United will seek to replace him if improvement doesn’t come quickly. ‘The Manchester United captain who cost £80million was taken off in the game. He is going through the worst moment in his career right now. We all have that moment, I can picture it now when I was playing,’ Carragher told CBS Sports. ‘This is something that Harry Maguire is going through right now and he has to get out of it very quickly otherwise he won’t be at the club because the standards at Manchester United are so high. ‘Of course he wants to [get out of it] but his head will be all over the place, he is getting criticism left right and centre. He’ll be criticised again – I think the crowd actually cheered when he went off. Which isn’t a nice thing for anyone. ‘I’ve always been a fan of Harry Maguire. He gets criticised because he cost £80m. Virgil van Dijk cost £75m and is the best defender in the world. ‘Harry Maguire is not that but he doesn’t set the price. He had a great summer with England at the Euros but this season has been a disaster and he almost just needs to get to the end of the season and just forget about football and get away.’ MORE : ‘Lazy cheat’ – Marcel Desailly blasts Paul Pogba as Manchester United crash out of Champions League MORE : Manchester United crash out of Champions League as Atletico Madrid silence Old Trafford For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 