An 18-month-old toddler fell 15 ft from an upstairs window in Leeds hours before Mother’s Day. Mum Mikaela Chubb spent the night and all of Sunday by her son’s bedside in hospital following the fall, which she described as a ‘freak accident’. She says ‘mother’s guilt’ is ‘eating me alive right now’ after thinking the window was locked. The youngster’s injuries are not thought to be life threatening and police say they do not believe there are any suspicious circumstances. The window was left open due to unseasonably warm weather, his mum said, adding that he is doing ‘ok’. The Ann Summers senior party ambassador said her son had made his way to the unlocked first-floor window by clambering over his parents’ bed. After crawling over the headboard and through the window, he then plummeted roughly 4.5m onto the concrete pavement below, leaving his parents distraught. The toddler is said to be ‘doing ok’ and recovering in hospital, while a police cordon was still in place at the Temple View Terrace property in the Richmond Hill area of the city on Monday morning. Ms Chubb said that the window was kept shut ‘99 per cent’ of the time but due to the warm weather, she had left it open. She spoke of her ‘guilt’ following the incident. Ms Chubb said: ‘It’s so hard being a parent sometimes ‘His dad always checks the window is locked but this one time he didn’t. ‘The child was asleep in his bed. He woke up and climbed onto our bed, then over the headboard onto the windowsill. ‘We could never have imagined this happening.’ Ms Chubb continued: ‘The window is locked 99% of the time but due to the sunny weather the room was aired out before baby’s nap. The lock clicked, leading us to believe it was locked. Apparently this one time it was not. ‘This was really just a freak accident… we’re just trying to be here for our boy and get him through this. ‘We know we have a lot to deal with in terms of police questions… So we are definitely feeling like it is our fault. ‘Mother’s guilt is eating me alive right now and his dad! I know I can’t believe it’s Mother’s Day and we’re in hospital terrified what’s going to happen to our boy and to us.’ A West Yorkshire Police spokesman told Metro.co.uk: ‘At 3.09pm on Saturday, police were contacted by the ambulance service who were attending an address in Temple View Terrace, Leeds, where an 18-month-old boy had been injured in a fall from a first-floor window. ‘The child was taken to hospital and is continuing to receive treatment for injuries that are not considered life threatening. ‘Enquiries are ongoing into the incident but there are not believed to be any suspicious circumstances.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Woman finds enormous nine inch lemon that dwarves her baby’s head