Rishi Sunak apparently used a Sainsbury’s workers family car for a photo op to make himself appear relatable. The millionaire chancellor put £30.01 into a Kia Rio in New Cross, south east London, yesterday. A picture of him doing so was posted on Twitter at 6pm on Wednesday and it has since emerged that it belonged to a worker called Conner. It did not take long for people to respond, suggesting that someone as rich as Rishi would not own a car like this (which costs around £13,000 from new). The timing of the post suggests it was taken earlier in the day – therefore before he introduced a 6p decrease in fuel prices in his spring statement. Mr Sunak is believed to have paid out of his own pocket to fill up Conner’s car. Once at the petrol station counter, things only got worse for Rishi. Footage that he didn’t appear to know how to use a contactless machine when he tried to pay. Footage shows Mr Sunak raising his bank card to the shop attendant’s barcode scanner instead of the card machine. Then not even a day later, Mr Sunak revealed he did not know the price of a loaf of bread. During an interview about rising inflation, the chancellor said he had noticed one of the ‘whole range of different breads’ his family likes to buy had gone from £1 to £1.20. It is believed he was talking about his personal favourite – Hovis Seed Sensations which costs £1.75 at Tesco. Mr Sunak is said to have a net worth of £200 million while his billionaire wife is one of the richest women in Britain. The chancellor has been branded ‘out of touch’ on social media with memes flooding timelines mocking Mr Sunak’s ‘daily bread menu’. Fuel prices are hitting record highs as low production during the pandemic failed to account for the rising demand as restrictions lifted and inflation has hit its highest level in 30 years. Mr Sunak’s Spring Statement included a number of ways to help people with this huge increase in the cost of living but many have said it does not go far enough. One of the most common criticisms of the scheme is that the Government has not announced any rise Universal Credit, leaving people on benefits to pay for higher bills with less income. Metro.co.uk has contacted the Treasury for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.