Following the news that Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins has died at the age of 50, the musician’s cause of death is ‘under investigation’, it has been reported. In a statement shared by the band on social media, they said that they were ‘devastated by the tragic and untimely loss of our beloved Taylor Hawkins’. Tributes have flooded in for the beloved musician, with stars including Ozzy Osbourne, Travis Barker, Guns N’ Roses singer Axl Rose and the band Nickelback honouring him in poignant statements online. After Hawkins died at a hotel in Bogota, Colombia, a source at the attorney general’s office said that his death is being investigated. Speaking to Reuters, the source – who is said to have not been authorised to speak to the press, reportedly stated: ‘We have begun an investigation to establish the cause of death of the musician, but for now we don’t have any available information to share.’ They continued, saying that ‘as the investigation advances we will [have further information]’. When Hawkins’ death was announced by the Foo Fighters, a cause of death was not shared. According to Reuters, the US embassy in Bogota said that it was not in a position to comment on the drummer’s death due to privacy issues. The attorney general’s office in Colombia said in a tweet shared on Saturday morning that a ‘team of prosecutors and investigators has been assigned to attend the urgent matter and support the investigation’. Bogotá’s District Department of Health said that after Hawkins was found in the hotel, efforts to resuscitate him were attempted, but ‘there was no response, and the patient was declared deceased’. In the band’s statement, Foo Fighters wrote: ‘The Foo Fighters family is devastated by the tragic and untimely loss of our beloved Taylor Hawkins. ‘His musical spirit and infectious laughter will live on with all of us forever. ‘Our hearts go out to his wife, children and family, and we ask that their privacy be treated with the utmost respect in this unimaginably difficult time.’ The band were in Bogota as part of their tour, which had been due to have dates in the UK this summer. Prior to joining Foo Fighters, Hawkins was a drummer on tour for Alanis Morissette, while also appearing in several of her music videos. He became a part of the band with Dave Grohl in 1997, while also founding the rock band Taylor Hawkins & The Coattail Riders and forming supergroup NHC. Hawkins is survived by his wife Alison, who he had been married to since 2005, and their three children. Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives of Taylor Hawkins for comment. MORE : Taylor Hawkins remembered as ‘beautiful, beautiful man’ by Coldplay’s Chris Martin as he dedicates song to Foo Fighters’ drummer after death aged 50 MORE : Foo Fighters fans gather to mourn Taylor Hawkins outside his hotel after drummer’s death at 50