Will Smith’s family home has been visited by LA County Sheriff’s Department following safety concerns after a drone was allegedly spotted over the actor’s property. Just days after the King Richard star slapped Chris Rock in the face at the Oscars, officers arrived at his Los Angeles home on Tuesday afternoon. Their visit followed The Academy’s announcement that its probe into the ‘appropriate action’ for Smith will take a ‘few weeks’. Photos showed an LA County Sheriff’s vehicle driving through the gates of Smith’s Calabasas mansion in a patrol car at 2.40pm after they received a call about an alleged drone sighting over the residence. However, by the time the officers arrived at the scene, the drone had disappeared, the Sheriff’s department told The Sun. Smith caused chaos at this year’s Oscars after hitting Rock in response to the comedian’s joke about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith’s alopecia. The Fresh Prince actor has since apologised, calling his actions ‘unacceptable and inexcusable’ and admitting he was embarrassed. Smith said in a statement that Rock’s joke about his wife’s medical condition had caused him to react ‘emotionally’, but ‘violence in all its forms is poisonous and destructive’. He concluded his apology by saying: ‘I am a work in progress.’ The annual awards show was thrown into chaos when Smith went onstage and slapped Rock in front of the star-studded audience, after the comic made a joke about his wife and her hair loss. Referring to Pinkett Smith’s buzzcut, Rock said: ‘Jada, can’t wait for GI Jane 2,’ prompting the actress to roll her eyes. The Magic Mike XXL star and Red Table Talk host has previously spoken about her struggles with alopecia and said it is what prompted her to shave her head. Smith walked up on stage and hit Rock before returning to his seat and shouting twice: ‘Keep my wife’s name out of your f****** mouth.’ Later, as he collected the award for best actor for his performance in King Richard, Smith apologised to the Academy and his fellow nominees, but not to Rock, joking that he ‘looks like the crazy father’. MORE : What’s the deal with Zoe Kravitz and Jaden Smith’s friendship as she makes dig at Will Smith after Chris Rock slap? MORE : Chris Rock looks downcast arriving in Boston as he’s seen for first time since being hit by Will Smith at Oscars Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 