Bryan Danielson has reflected on his breakout stint in WWE as one half of Team Hell No. The All Elite Wrestling (AEW) star – who was known as Daniel Bryan before leaving Vince McMahon’s company in April last year – captured the hearts of fans around the world as part of the odd couple pairing with Hall of Famer Kane, and he remains grateful for that period. Speaking exclusively to Metro.co.uk before tonight’s AEW Revolution show, Bryan said: ‘I think that period was actually the making of Daniel Bryan, as far as a WrestleMania main eventer. ‘That period was perfect for me, because it gave me a chance to show some character and be entertaining all that kind of stuff. ‘But then, we would go in the ring against The Shield, it would allow me to highlights some of my strengths – in those tag matches, just being a ball of fire and then burn to the ground essentially.’ Tonight Bryan’s career on a global stage – at least since joining WWE, having already made his name on the independent scene in promotions since joining Ring of Honor – comes full circle. At Revolution he’ll face off against Jon Moxley, a man he knows all too well from those battles with The Shield when Mox – then known as Dean Ambrose – fought alongside Seth Rollins and Roman Reigns. It’s a period Bryan looks back on fondly, as he added: ‘Those guys were great at being aggressive and mean, and really giving it to you, which makes the fans sympathise with you. And those three guys specifically were perfect.’ Team Hell No initially began as a comedy pairing, as the rivals took part in anger management skits before eventually forming a partnership and winning tag team gold. It was a far cry from the comparatively pure style Bryan was known for at the time, but it provided a chance for him to develop area of his expertise as he went onto become one of most charismatic stars in the business. Over in WWE, Sami Zayn – who appeared in ROH as El Generico before making the jump – has followed a similar path, thriving in entertaining spots with the likes of Brock Lesnar and Jackass star Johnny Knoxville while seeing his stock rise. ‘So, from a performer aspect, everything’s interesting, right? I obviously don’t wanna speak for him but I think the interesting thing is to create any sort of depth,’ Bryan said, pondering the appeal of that kind of role. ‘Anything – whether it’s funny, like the Team Hell No stuff. We were able to create an interesting level of depth, at least to me. “What are these two characters’ relationships?” And the relationship evolves and all of that stuff.’ This is where Zayn and Danielson have some similarities, with getting the chance to just embrace – and excel in – some aspect of the business. ‘I think Sami, when he and I have talked about, he likes things that he can really sink his teeth into,’ he said. ‘Whether that’s a proverbial five star match or whether that’s being a conspiracy theorist, he just wants something to sink his teeth into, almost like an actor assuming different roles. ‘So, yeah, part of that is also appealing to me as far as the idea of, just give me something I can really pursue and love.’ Turning the focus back to tonight, fans can except to see the rejuvenated Danielson continue to push himself, and to do so by putting a new spin on an old rivalry. ‘I feel like I’m at the highest level that I’ve ever been in my wrestling career right now. Also, I’d be interested to see if Mox feels the same way, how clear his thinking is and all stuff,’ he said. ‘I think between the two of us – we have such a cool, unique history – I think it’s really cool, and the creative minds involved in this is making it really fun and special.’ AEW Revolution airs tonight (March 6) at 1am on Fite TV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : AEW Revolution 2022 preview: UK start time, matches, live stream and more MORE : Bryan Danielson ‘relieved’ about Cody Rhodes’ AEW exit after ‘fearing the worst’ with cryptic text 