Kanye West’s new girl Chaney Jones has spoken out against rumours she’s had facial surgery. The model and rapper have been linked in recent weeks following Kanye’s split from former flame Julia Fox. While the pair appeared to be remaining tight-lipped on their relationship at first, they got tongues wagging last week when they went Instagram official – which, as we all know, is a big deal. As is to be expected, there’s been a lot of focus and curiosity on Chaney since the pair were first rumoured to be hooking up, and more than a few people have pointed out the likeness between her and Kanye’s estranged wife, Kim Kardashian. Now the 24-year-old has cleared the air by insisting any likeness between her and Kim is completely random genetics, as she has ‘never’ had plastic surgery on her face. The model took to Instagram this week to share some facts about herself with her over 400,000 followers, and included one particularly interesting bit of information. ‘No I have never had surgery on my face, I was born like this,’ she wrote. Chaney has gone under the knife for other procedures, and shared a revealing throwback photo of her from a number of years ago, where she is seen relaxing in a bikini. She said of the photo: ‘This was before my BBL (Brazilian butt lift). ‘Same face, same nose lol I’ve never been in denial about surgery and to answer everyone’s questions yes I had a BBL but I’ve always been thick before surgery.’ As well clearing up any misconceptions about her surgery, Chaney also revealed other facts of her life to her many new followers on Instagram. She said her heritage was ‘European, French, German, West African, Nigerian & Ghanian (sic)’ and proudly revealed she was COO of company First State Behavioural Health. The model, who added she was a Virgo and from Dover in Delaware, US, also explained she is a Masters student in a counseling course, and maintains a 4.0 GPA. Chaney gained thousands of new followers after uploading a picture of herself and then-rumoured beau Kanye to Instagram. In the selfie, Chaney is seen wearing dark glasses as Kanye stands behind with a hand just around her chest. She didn’t caption the photo but left a black heart emoji beside the rapper. The pair were also pictured together leaving the listening party for Kanye’s newest release, Donda 2, in Miami at the end of February, with Kanye seen beaming as he spoke to the drop-dead-gorgeous model. Despite the recent outings and Instagram pics, a source told TMZ that the duo aren’t officially dating but ‘all for fun’ with each other. It’s said that Chaney ‘slid into Kanye’s DMs’ following his recent break-up with Uncut Gems star Julia, but Kanye reportedly isn’t ‘looking for commitment with anyone right now’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Newly single Kanye West spotted with Kim Kardashian double Chaney Jones following latest divorce drama MORE : Kanye West goes Instagram official with Kim Kardashian-lookalike love interest Chaney Jones in cosy selfie 