Ukraine has said its armed forces have ‘eliminated’ an elite Chechen hit squad sent to assassinate President Volodymyr Zelensky. National Security and Defence Council chief Oleksiy Danilov said officials were tipped off that special forces troops had been deployed by Ramzan Kadyrov, leader of Russia’s Chechnya region and a staunch ally of President Vladimir Putin. ‘We are already aware of the special operation that was to be carried out by Kadyrov forces unit,’ Mr Danilov told Ukraine 24 TV channel. ‘We received the information from representatives of Russia’s Federal Security Service who do not want to take part in this bloody war. The Kadyrov forces unit, which came to kill our President, was eliminated.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Mr Danilov said the unit had been split into two groups who were each closely monitored. He described how one came under fire in Hostomel, while the other was currently being held at gunpoint. Kadyrov confirmed last week that Chechen units had been deployed to Ukraine and urged Ukrainians to overthrow their government. In a video posted online on Saturday, he boasted that his men had so far suffered no losses before declaring: ‘The president (Putin) took the right decision and we will carry out his orders under any circumstances.’ Kadyrov, who has often described himself as Putin’s ‘foot soldier’, has deployed his forces abroad to support Kremlin military operations before – in Syria and Georgia. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine entered its seventh day on Wednesday, with a huge convoy of Russian tanks and armored vehicles closing in on the capital and fighting intensifying in other big cities. Several key sites in Kyiv were shelled, while heavy aerial attacks in the country’s second-largest city Kharkiv killed 21 people and wounded more than 100 others. Although Ukrainian forces have slowed Russia’s advance and still control Kharkiv and the coastal city of Mariupol, both remain encircled, according to the UK Ministry of Defence. Russia’s defence ministry said on Wednesday that its armed forces have captured the southern Ukrainian city of Kherson, the RIA news agency reported. President Zelenskiy said nearly 6,000 Russians had been killed in the first six days of Moscow’s invasion, and that the Kremlin would not be able to take his country with bombs and air strikes. Referring to Russia’s attack on Babyn Yar – the site of a World War Two massacre of Jews by German occupation troops and Ukrainian auxiliaries – he said: ‘This strike proves that for many people in Russia our Kyiv is absolutely foreign. ‘They don’t know a thing about Kyiv, about our history. But they all have orders to erase our history, erase our country, erase us all.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.