Angry locals have staged a protest by placing Ukraine flags in front of a hidden Russian embassy hideaway. Seacox Heath is a Grade II-listed building and sits between the villages of Filmwell in East Sussex and Hawkhurst in Kent. Built in 1871, it is 1,750 miles away from the Kremlin in Moscow and has been used by Russian diplomats for many years. Rebecca De Saintonge is one of the angry locals who decorated the outside with blue and yellow Ukraine flags. She said: ‘I decided it looked a bit bare. ‘There’s space for lots more if you’re in the area.’ Set down a half-a-mile long driveway, the elaborate 19th-century property is not visible from the road. But Google Maps satellite images reveal the whereabouts of the four-storey building, which has large grounds. The 19th-century property was presented to the Soviet government by the English Lord Gushen after World War II. It was a gift to the Russians after his son was saved by sailors. This is not the first time a group of people has taken action against Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Protesters occupied an oligarch’s £50,000,000 mansion in west London last week. Banners on the multi-million pound property in Belgrave Square, near Knightsbridge, read: ‘This property has been liberated’, Putin go f**k yourself’ and ‘power breed parasites’. A Ukrainian flag was also flying from oligarch Oleg Deripaska’s house, after the action began early last Monday morning. Mr Deripaska – the owner of the property –  has stakes in energy and metals company En+ Group and has called for peace in Ukraine. He is one of the seven Russian oligarchs closely associated with the Kremlin who have been sanctioned by the UK Government, including Roman Abramovich. During the afternoon, Metropolitan Police officers moved in en masse in an attempt to end the demonstration. Police later deployed a JCB crane to access the balcony of the London mansion. A supporter could be heard shouting from the street: ‘F**k the police, f**k JCB, f**k craning companies.’ The protesters were eventually ousted from the property by police officers. The Met has since been criticised for the sheer number of police sent to the scene. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.