There are a lot of downsides when it comes to long-distance relationships. Think life admin, long train journeys and cold nights spent missing your partner. One major difference between long-distance relationships and non-long-distance relationships, generally speaking, of course, is the lack of sex. While this isn’t always a bad thing  – those in long-distance relationships are more likely to find sex better if they haven’t seen their partner for a long time (52.4%), compared to those not in long-distance relationships (39%), according to new research by Sinful – it does mean that long-distance lovers sometimes need to be a little more creative if they want to get their fill. Sinful’s latest study, which surveyed 1,000 members of the UK public in February 2022, revealed that over a quarter of people in long-term relationships see their partners once a month (27%), with almost one in ten (9%) seeing their partner just once every six months. Some 35% said they see their partners every 2 weeks, and at least one fifth said they were able to see their partner more frequently than every 2 weeks. Only 4% had to go longer than six months without seeing their partner. If you’re not in a long-distance relationship, when it comes to sex you may wonder, how do people cope? Well, according to Sinful, there are a few ways to get by. The most common solution to people in long-term relationships (48%) is masturbation – this figure is 10% higher than for those who live in close proximity with their partner. Sexting is another sex saviour for those in long-term relationships, with 27% saying they sext their partner when they’re apart and a further 17% they do so using sex toys. Ditte Jensen, a sexual wellness expert at Sinful, says: ‘In long-distance relationships, it often requires that extra bit of effort to satisfy our sexual cravings and maintain sexual and emotional intimacy with our partners. ‘For couples in these circumstances, it can be a struggle to frequently feel lust while missing the physical touch of their partner. ‘However, this is the perfect time to get in touch with your own body, discover what makes you feel good, and just what gets you off. ‘By being in touch with our own bodies, we can communicate our needs and preferences better to our partner. ‘This can actually result in heightened sexual fulfilment once couples get the chance to be intimate with their partners face-to-face.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Reasons why long-distance relationships fail – and how to get them working MORE : Should you do a sex fast? MORE : 10 sex things men and women wish their partners would do more