It’s no surprise when a celebrity claims a stake in the beauty space these days. Brand launch after brand launch, some of the biggest celebrity beauty players are Rihanna with Fenty, Gwyneth Paltrow with Goop, Kylie Jenner with her self-titled brand, and now Selena Gomez too, with Rare Beauty. After plenty of hype when it first launched in the States, Brits were waiting for products to cross the pond. Recently SpaceNK began exclusively stocking the exciting brand – and we’ve since been testing the products out. From the viral liquid blush to the popular foundation, we’ve tried most of what Rare Beauty has to offer. These are our honest thoughts. First, there’s no denying how sleek the products look – many of the handles were designed to help those with low mobility in their hands. Nothing is too fussy to open or use. But there are some misses among the hits. When it comes to the brand’s base products, those with drier skin might struggle. Starting with the Always An Optimist Pore Diffusing Primer, it’s very heavy on the silicone. Though it didn’t dry out my already dry skin further, it wasn’t comfortable on. Those who enjoy Benefit’s iconic Porefessional primer will likely get on with this, as it feels similar to the touch. Moving onto the Liquid Touch Weightless Foundation, this again was built with oiler skin in mind. Makeup that’s aimed at a younger audience primarily, like Rare Beauty, typically assumes users have oily or combination skin – which won’t always be true. This foundation exaggerates dry patches, but even on oilier skin it looks visible. Rather than sink in and mesh with the skin, it sits on top and looks like foundation – sadly there’s nothing skin-like about it. When the product separates after not being touched a while, you can see it contains plenty of powder particles, explaining the slightly cakey finish depending on your skin type. Germaphobes might also take issue with the doe foot applicator, which means you’re dipping something that’s touched your skin into the formula repeatedly. However, the shade range is vast and has varying undertones. It needs some applause there. The matching Liquid Touch Brightening Concealer is far better in comparison. It applies easily, doesn’t feel heavy, and wears well. Coverage is light to medium, so it won’t hide spots or skin. It diffuses things instead. Spritzing after with the Always An Optimist 4-in-1 Mist was a joy, given how fine the liquid comes out. There are more winners here. Firstly, the famous Soft Pinch Liquid Blush looks beautiful on skin and doesn’t disrupt any foundation underneath. A word of warning though – use 80% less product that you think you need. Then dial it back some more. The product is so pigmented that one swipe can easily turn an entire side of the face pink. Slow and steady is the way forward here, as I had to take all my makeup off and start again after ending up with clown cheeks on the first go. The Warm Wishes Effortless Bronzer by comparison was much easier to work with, as the colour built nicely and could be worn to give a soft sunkissed look, or built up for more drama. The two lip products we tested, Lip Soufflé Matte Lip Cream and Stay Vulnerable Glossy Lip Balm were also great to use. The lip cream needed to be patted in with fingers to lessen the risk of smudging, which gave an on-trend blotted imperfect lip, while the gloss wasn’t sticky. The Perfect Strokes Matte Liquid Liner will work for those into thick lines, rather than thin precise ones, as the brush tip is made up of multiple hairs that flex – it’s an unusual applicator that’s similar to Nars’ pen liner. Overall, Rare Beauty has lots to offer – especially for those into a more obviously made-up look. While some products won’t be making it onto our vanity tables, others do delight. After heaps of no-makeup-makeup launches in recently years, a brand that embraces bold colour and unashamed finishes is the breath of fresh air we weren’t expecting. You can shop all things Rare Beauty at SpaceNK. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The products makeup artists were actually using backstage at London Fashion Week MORE : Why the sunburn ‘W’ blush technique is the makeup trick you need to try MORE : Euphoria’s lead makeup artist is launching her own cosmetic line