Police were called to a domestic incident at John Bercow’s house last summer, it has been reported. Officers are said to have attended the riverside home of the ex-House of Commons speaker in Battersea, South London. The Sun quoted an unnamed source as saying officers ‘apparently spoke with’ his wife, TV personality Sally Bercow. They added: ‘Mr Bercow was spoken to, then left the address with his face apparently looking like thunder.’ Metro.co.uk contacted a representative for the former MP but was told ‘no comment’. A Met spokesperson confirmed police were called to the address but did not identify Mr Bercow. They said: ‘At 23:35hrs on Thursday, 26 August, police were called to an address in the SW11 area following reports of a disturbance. ‘Officers attended and an allegation of common assault was reported. ‘No arrests were made at the time and the case has since been closed with no further action.’ The news comes days after he was barred from holding a pass to enter parliament after being labelled a ‘serial bully’ following a lengthy investigation. Mr Bercow represented Buckingham between 1997 and 2019, serving as speaker for the last decade of his time in the Commons. An independent inquiry said the severity of the allegations upheld against the 59-year-old would have led to his immediately expulsion if he was still sitting. Mr Bercow described the investigation as a ‘travesty of justice’ before refusing to make any ‘faux apologies’, insisting he has nothing to say sorry for. He was suspended from the Labour Party – which he joined as a rank and file member despite being a Tory before being elected as speaker – pending further investigation. Asked last week why he had not been kicked out immediately, a spokesperson said: ‘I can’t comment on individual cases. ‘You’ll appreciate that in all of these disciplinary matters, there is a due process that needs to be followed, and that will be applied in this case.’ The claims were brought by Lord Lisvane and private secretaries Kate Emms and Angus Sinclair. Ms Emms said she was ‘supremely glad to be vindicated by the report’ after the findings were published last week. Lord Lisvane told Channel 4 News Mr Bercow’s rejection of the panel’s findings were ‘hysterical petulance’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.