London bus drivers will refuse to come to work early next week, affecting routes in south and central London. Drivers working for Arriva said they would strike on Monday and Tuesday unless they were paid more amid the rising cost of living in the UK. But the bus operator offered a pay rise in negotiations at the last minute and the protest had to be suspended so workers could vote on the offer. Arriva had agreed to pay drivers 1.5% more, but Unite union members said this was essentially a ‘real-terms pay cut as inflation climbs to 8.2%’. The company has since ‘belatedly improved the offer but it still failed to meet members’ expectations’ so the industrial action will now go ahead this week. Routes in Croydon, Norwood and Thornton Heath will be most severely affected but a full list of each route that will be hit is yet to be confirmed. Any bus that operates out of depots in these areas are expected to be delayed. Unite general secretary Sharon Graham said: ‘Arriva’s bus drivers are fed up with being taken for granted. ‘This is a profitable business that can well afford fair wages – it needs to get real on the pay offer to our members. ‘Our members at Arriva will have the union’s total support until the company makes a fair offer and this dispute is resolved.’ Similarly, Unite regional officer John Murphy said: ‘The strike action will inevitably cause considerable disruption, but this dispute is entirely of Arriva’s own making. ‘It has shown its contempt to a loyal workforce by trying to palm them off with an entirely unacceptable offer. ‘Arriva needs to realise the error of its ways, table an improved offer and return to the negotiating table.’ Arriva said in a statement: ‘We can confirm that a 48-hour strike will be going ahead from Monday 28th March at 03.00 for Arriva’s bus services from our Croydon, Norwood and Thornton Heath garages. ‘For details of services affected, please see www.tfl.gov.uk It is particularly disappointing that a strike is going ahead when the pay offer that was put forward fully met Unite’s stated aspirations. ‘There will be no winners from a strike which would hit customers and the communities who need to be able to rely on public transport at a time when London is recovering from the pandemic. ‘We urge Unite to return to discussions so that a way forward can be found.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.