A 95-year-old survivor of four Nazi concentration camps has been killed by Russian shelling in Ukraine, according to a Holocaust memorial body. Boris Romachenko, who was born in the now-besieged city of Sumy, returned to Ukraine after the Second World War and was living in Kharkiv, which has witnessed near-relentless bombing since Vladimir Putin launched his invasion four weeks ago. A munition hit his multi-storey building on Friday, burning it to the ground, according to Germany’s Foundation for Memorials in Buchenwald and Mittelbau-Dora, who cited his son and granddaughter. The organisation said it was ‘stunned’ and ‘deeply dismayed’, warning that Putin’s forces are threatening the lives of many other concentration camp survivors. In a statement, it added: ‘It is with horror that we report the violent death of Boris Romanchenko in the war in Ukraine. ‘We mourn the loss of a close friend. We wish his son and granddaughter, who brought us the sad news, a lot of strength in these difficult times.’ Mr Romachenko was deported to Germany aged 16 in 1942, the year after Soviet Ukraine was occupied by Hitler’s forces, and forced into underground labour in Dortmund. After a failed escape attempt, he was sent to the notorious Buchenwald concentration camp, which claimed the lives of 56,545 of the 280,000 prisoners who passed through its gates. He was later sent to a small camp at the Peenemünde Army Research Center, where he was forced to help build the V2 rocket. He also survived stints in Mittelbau-Dora, a sub-camp of Buchenwald, where around one in three prisoners died, and Bergen-Belsen, where Anne Frank and her sister Margot died after being transferred from Auschwitz. In later life, he became the vice-president of the Ukrainian chapter of the Buchenwald-Dora International Committee. Speaking at 2012’s commemoration marking the anniversary of Buchenwald’s liberation by Allied forces, Mr Romachenko read out the oath of the Buchenwald Resistance group of prisoners who tried to sabotage the Nazi war machine from within. He said: ‘We will take up the fight until the last culprit stands before the judges of the people. ‘Our watchword is the destruction of Nazism from its roots. Our goal is to build a new world of peace and freedom. ‘This is our responsibility to our murdered friends and their relatives.’ The Buchenwald-Dora Foundation added: ‘Boris Romantschenko campaigned intensively for the memory of the Nazi crimes. ‘The horrific death of Boris Romantschenko shows how threatening the war in Ukraine is for the concentration camp survivors.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.