When the sacking of your predecessor prompts fans to head to the training ground for one final, tearful, embrace you know you have big shoes to fill. Such is the task Jesse Marsch has signed up for as the latest manager of Leeds United. In succeeding Marcelo Bielsa, he is not just replacing a manager, he is following an icon, a legend, a beloved, revered figure. Not since Chelsea split with Jose Mourinho for the first time in 2007 or Tottenham moved on from Mauricio Pochettino in 2019 has a Premier League club willingly parted ways with such a popular, seemingly untouchable manager. Cushioned by Roman Abramovich’s wealth, Chelsea continued to do just fine. On the flipside, Spurs are on their third permanent manager since deciding Poch was expendable. From a purely footballing sense ditching Bielsa looks justified. Leeds are in free fall, shipping goals at an alarming rate and staring down the barrel of a relegation dogfight that, under the Argentine, they looked ill-equipped to survive. Bielsa’s achievement in taking Leeds from Championship purgatory to thrilling Premier League resurgence has rightly been celebrated. It is also correct to state just how much he got out of a modest squad and how badly Leeds have been affected by injuries. But that doesn’t mean Leeds were wrong to sack him. In his place they have chosen a man with no Premier League experience and an American accent — always an easy target for the doubters. Any pundits harbouring reservations about Marsch’s credentials were probably also among those claiming Bielsa had been found out and paid the price for his stubborn refusal to change his ways. But the Argentine, himself untested on these shores when he pitched up at Elland Road, proved the traditionalists wrong for three years and made England internationals out of Kalvin Phillips and Patrick Bamford. If the same Leeds hierarchy believe Marsch can do something similar, then they deserve our trust in their judgment. Leeds fans taking to social media to post cherished photographs of Bielsa posing with grown men, children and grandparents in a variety of west Yorkshire streets certainly seem willing to give the American a try. And Marsch, who took charge of RB Leipzig when the acclaimed Julian Nagelsmann left for Bayern Munich — only to be sacked after just four months — is undaunted to be following such a universally popular figure. ‘I think almost every job I’ve had, I’ve followed a club legend,’ the new man said at his unveiling this week. ‘There’s massive challenges to that. But I think the key is when they see the team play with passion, heart and show they’re also intelligent and clear with the playing model and they’re aggressive, then the fans will tolerate the coach even if they don’t like his accent or if he’s not as popular as the previous coach.’ He is, of course, right. For all the myths and legends of Bielsa which Leeds supporters continue to hold dear, it is the football team he gave them that really mattered. If Marsch can produce the goods on the pitch it won’t matter where he came from, just where he can take Leeds next. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 