An LGBT+ bar called ‘Kremlin’ has confirmed it has no plans to rebrand. The popular nightclub, in Belfast, has long since enjoyed a tongue-in-cheek Soviet theme. It boasts a Tsar cocktail lounge, a ‘red square’ dance area and a life-size statue of Vladimir Lenin, the founder of the Soviet Union. Kremlin opened in 1999 and is one of the best known gay clubs in Northern Ireland. Since the outbreak of the war between Russia and Ukraine, some had raised concerns about the nightspot’s potentially controversial backdrop. But staff say their Soviet theme is a proud ‘middle finger’ to Russian President Vladimir Putin. A statement on the club’s Facebook page reads: ‘Kremlin’s thoughts and prayers are with the whole of Ukraine. ‘Kremlin was set up over 22 years ago. Its theme was inspired by the uprising of the Russian workers revolution led by Lenin and meshed with the opulence of the Tsar Nicholas’ Palaces. ‘When it was passed that it would be illegal to be gay in Russia, we received many messages asking us would we change Kremlin’s name. ‘We saw it as an even bigger political stance to keep the Kremlin name as it is. ‘A bar that is gay owned, gay managed and in the heart of gay community for nearly a quarter of a century — everything Putin detests. ‘Seeing what is unfolding over the past couple of days has been heartbreaking. The images will remain with us for a long time to come. We pray that this ends soon. ‘This Kremlin stands with Ukraine and we see you at this immeasurably difficult time and we send our love and prayers.’ One staff member told the Belfast Telegraph that due to the online popularity of the nightclub, some people had contacted the Belfast Kremlin with queries on the war instead of its Moscow counterpart. The employee added: ‘Kremlin has been around for 23 years and it has always been Kremlin, a massive gay club that has always supported the LGBTQ community. ‘If anything this is a big middle finger to Putin.’ Kremlin was contacted for further comment. Meanwhile, other companies have decided to carry out rebrands following the outbreak of the conflict. Known as Kiev during the era of the Soviet Union, Kyiv is now used by Ukrainians instead of the Russian pronunciation. In Sainsbury’s stores, the chicken kiev will now be known as the chicken Kyiv as part of the supermarket’s support for Ukraine. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.