Piers Morgan has ripped into Rebel Wilson’s jokes after she hosted the Bafta film awards last night. The former Good Morning Britain presenter said he was ‘cringing violently’ at the actress’s gags, which included jibes at her weight loss transformation and Will Smith’s affair. ‘I’m cringing so violently watching Rebel Wilson attempt to host the #BAFTAs that I fear my eye sockets may explode,’ Piers penned in one tweet. In another post, he added: ‘Great to see Rebel Wilson cracking all the jokes that would get a man abused, shamed and cancelled if he cracked them.’ Rebel opened the star-studded ceremony by talking about her weight loss. ‘I might look a bit different from the last time you saw me here,’ she said. ‘That was me two years ago and since then I’ve done quite a transformation – I hope JK Rowling still approves.’ The actress also joked that whenever anyone asks her why she lost the weight she replies: ‘Clearly it was to get the attention of Robert Pattinson.’ ‘I didn’t lose weight just to get a guy, I did it to get more acting roles,’ she added. ‘I’m now so excited I can play the non-funny love interest in an Adam Sandler film.’ Turning her attention to the new Batman film, she said it was ‘ironic’ the film had been such a hit in the wake of the Covid pademic. ‘One man and a bat started everything, decimating the film industry, two years later one man and a bat should be the one to save it,’ she quipped. Piers wasn’t alone in his criticism of Rebel’s humour, with others also divided over her performance. ‘I wish Rebel Wilson would literally just walk on, introduce the next award and walk off,’ one wrote. ‘The audience are having to constantly be polite and clap and laugh at her poor jokes. She is so not funny.’ Echoing a similar sentiment, another said: ‘Rebel Wilson’s hosting and jokes are so awful, I want to switch off. But it’s like watching a car crash and I can’t take my eyes off the carnage.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 