A clever Twitter account is on the case of firms which appear to celebrate and raise the profile of women today. International Women’s Day is a holiday celebrated every year to mark the cultural, economic, social and political achievements of women across the world. Many companies use social media to highlight the achievements of the women working for them, or to raise awareness of the challenges facing women in the workplace generally. But in a similar way to how some firms post about Pride month, people often accuse businesses of using awareness campaigns as an advertising opportunity rather than looking internally to see how they need to improve. That’s where the Gender Pay Gap Bot on Twitter comes in. Whenever an organisation tweets about International Women’s Day, it quotes the tweet and often calls out its hypocrisy. And let’s just say the results so far show a sorry state of affairs, with many organisations falling short and paying men more than they pay women, according to median hourly pay. The employers included in the account’s tweets are far reaching with nowhere off the list – including fashion companies, banks, NHS Trusts, Government organisations, regulators, local councils, shops, charities and more. The account’s bio reads: ‘Employers, if you tweet about International Women’s Day, I’ll retweet your gender pay gap.’ It also has a cover photo which says: ‘Deeds not words. Stop posting platitudes. Start fixing the problem.’ The account has already amassed several thousand followers so far today, and that number is expected to grow. It uses the Government’s gender pay gap search tool to compare the pay of women to men. Employers with 250 or more workers are required to publish their figures comparing men and women’s average pay across their organisation on an annual basis. The Government tool looks at the median hourly pay of what women earn for every £1 men earn, so number of hours worked and those on extremely high salaries do not skew the results. Although the Twitter account calls out many companies for still having a gender pay gap, it does highlight how some organisations have bucked the continuing trend of paying women less than men. Firms where the median hourly pay of men and women are equal include Registers of Scotland and Together Trust. And some places pay women more than men – such as the London Fire Brigade, Wigan Council, Helen and Douglas House, JoJo Maman Bebe and Girlguiding. But the overall grim picture still shows much more work still needs to be done, and several companies have attempted to hide their failures by deleting their International Women’s Day tweets. Many people have praised the Twitter bot for its work portraying the hypocrisy of organisations. Journalist and author Caitlin Moran tweeted: ‘Watching companies scramble to delete their fluffy IWD Tweets after @PayGapApp retweets them – but with their gender pay-gap stats attached. I deeply salute whoever thought of this. It’s deadly genius.’ Author Holly Bourne wrote: ‘It is hilarious and depressing in equal measures.’ This year’s theme for International Women’s Day is #breakthebias. The campaign’s website reads: ‘Imagine a gender equal world. A world free of bias, stereotypes, and discrimination. A world that is diverse, equitable, and inclusive. ‘A world where difference is valued and celebrated.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.