Piers Morgan is reportedly in talks to sit down with Harry Potter author JK Rowling on his upcoming prime time TV show as he looks to ‘start with a bang.’ Morgan, 56, is currently gearing up to start an evening talk show on News Corp’s new TV channel, TalkTV – set to launch this spring. Although a start date is not yet known, there are already rumours over famous faces the outspoken journalist may be looking to secure on the programme. Now, it’s been reported Rowling could be amongst the first to find herself in the hot seat opposite Morgan. ‘Piers needs to start with a bang and JK would do the job,’ an insider told The Mirror. Back in 2020, the 56-year-old came under fire for a series of tweets that were deemed to be ‘anti-trans’. She told fans she objected to the phrase ‘people who menstruate’ and said it erased ‘the lived reality of women globally.’ She later defended herself in a passionate essay, but has continued to face criticism for her thoughts on trans people and gender. Morgan appeared to speak out in support of the author late last year when he hit out at Harry Potter actor Chris Rankin, who branded her transgender views ‘damaging.’ Rankin – who played Percy Weasley in the franchise – said that he does ‘a lot of work with charities that are LGBTQ+ focused.’ ‘A lot of my family are members of the community. You can probably guess where my allegiances lie in that respect. When a trans person says they are male or female, that is what they are and that is how we should treat them. It is damaging to them to say otherwise.’ In response, the former Good Morning Britain host wrote: ‘Weasley by name, and nature. ‘These Potter stars are such a bunch of ungrateful little twerps … more interested in pathetic virtue-signalling than supporting the right of the woman who made them all rich & famous to have an opinion most people agree with. Broadcaster Piers joked earlier this week he was already ‘ruffling feathers’ as he prepared to start his explosive new gig. After spending time Down Under with Sky News Australia – who will also broadcast his new series – he teased what was to come to fans. ‘We seem to be already ruffling all the right feathers,’ he said. ‘Can’t wait to get started on the new show.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Piers Morgan and JK Rowling for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dogger and Alfie author and illustrator Shirley Hughes dies aged 94 MORE : Nick Grimshaw finally confirms TV return with new Emma Willis makeover show after quitting BBC Radio One 