‘Threenagers’ get a bad rep because, as children turn three a few (not so) subtle changes happen to them. They become similar to a teenager – think mood swings, but smaller, and it may seem that overnight they have spawned into a mini dictator – one who can negotiate for England. They can do absolutely everything by themselves – that’s why you need extra time to leave the house in the morning. And if you ask any parent, they will tell you that their three-year-old just loves to ask ‘why?’… all the time. ‘I am just off for a wee’ – ‘Why?’ ‘We need to brush your teeth?’ – ‘Why?’ It seems whatever you say or ask, it will be met with a ‘why?’ from your ‘threenager’, and it can start driving you a tad crazy. But we shouldn’t grumble too much about our kids asking ‘why?’ – it can actually be a good thing. The key is learning how to navigate the barrage of ‘why?’ well. After an overnight power cut, my son asked why the clock on the oven was flashing. I explained that we’d had a power cut. ‘Why?’ he asked, and so, at 7am began an explanation from me as to how a power cut happens, what electricity is and what it powers in the house. For days later, he would point at the clock on the stove and proudly relay all the information he had learned, his thirst for knowledge quenched… until the next ‘why?’, anyway. It is true that this fourth year can be particularly challenging for parents. Three-year-olds become increasingly aware of the world around them, making them curious, and as annoying as it can be, it is important that you don’t ignore all the questions. Being curious and having a desire for knowledge is a really good thing for your child to have. It encourages their imagination to develop, they become more creative, and it helps them to grow a larger vocabulary. Think of curiosity like a muscle – it needs to be regularly exercised to strengthen. By answering your child’s questions correctly, they will feel satisfied, and although they may ask more questions, they will not feel the need to repeat the same one again and again until they get an answer that they feel happy with, thus helping your sanity stay intact. If you don’t know the answer to their questions – let’s face it, we can’t always be a fountain of knowledge, explain, and tell your child that you can find out together, perhaps getting the grandparents or other family members involved on FaceTime or the phone, to let them take over for a few minutes. It isn’t always curiosity that causes the ‘why?’ though. It may seem like they have a newfound confidence and independence, but they are still only three, and things can be a little overwhelming sometimes. To feel safe and secure in their world, they ask ‘why?’ as a means of getting your attention. This may not always be convenient to you, but it is best to stop what you are doing and talk to them. You can then explain that you need to get back to whatever it is you are doing, if urgent, or make some time for a bit of one on one with them. Making sure that they have some good, quality one on one time with you each day can really help decrease this need to seek attention– just 30 minutes can be enough. Other times, though, ‘why?’ becomes a habit; a default response to questions. They don’t really want to know why you are going for a wee, for instance. This often happens when they are distracted and can probably be ignored, but a great way to stop the barrage of ‘why?’ is to turn the question back on them. ‘Why do you think I am going for a wee?’ ‘Why do you think that you need to wear a coat?’ This encourages them to figure things out for themselves and is much more positive than you losing your patience. You might need to ask some follow-up questions, such as ‘what do you think…?” or ‘what would happen if…?’ to get their cogs turning, but listening to their explanations can be quite endearing and they will have used important problem-solving skills. ‘Why?’ can also be an act of defiance – ‘why should I put my shoes on?’, and this can be hugely frustrating, especially if you need to leave the house quickly. However, getting frustrated with your child will just make things worse. Try to refrain from saying ‘because I told you so’. Instead, try turning the question back on them to stop them in their tracks. But, if your child’s defiance is down to tiredness, as so often is the case, calmly explain the why and, show some empathy and offer to help them instead. Asking ‘why?’ can begin before your little one turns three – all children develop differently after all – and as annoying as it is, if you want your child to feel able to come to you as a tween and teen, answering the ‘whys’ now, is vital. You are giving your child the message that no question is off the table, and they will be secure in the knowledge that you are there for them. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : 12 things children should do before they turn 12 MORE : Mums transforms her Portsmouth home with fairytale interior inspired by her kids’ dreams MORE : 10 foods you might not realise are choking hazards for children