Will Smith has issued a public apology to Chris Rock for slapping him at the Oscars 2022. The King Richard star, who won best actor, smacked the comedian in the face for joking about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith’s hair during the awards ceremony on Sunday. It particularly struck a chord with Smith, 53, as Jada, 50, suffers with hair loss condition alopecia. On Monday, the Fresh Prince of Bel Air actor addressed the shocking incident in an Instagram post, and admitted he was ’embarrassed’ by his actions, while also saying sorry to Rock, 47. ‘Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive,’ Smith began. ‘My behaviour at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally.’ He continued: ‘I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong. I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness. ‘I would also like to apologise to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world. I would like to apologise to the Williams Family and my King Richard Family. ‘I deeply regret that my behaviour has stained what has been an otherwise gorgeous journey for all of us.’ He concluded: ‘I am a work in progress.’ The Academy has since announced it has launched a formal investigation into the incident, while stating it ‘condemns the actions of Mr Smith’. It all kicked off when Rock stepped on stage to present the award for best documentary, and led with his trademark raucous jokes. Taking aim at Jada, the Everybody Hates Chris creator referred to the actress as ‘G.I. Jane’ in reference to her buzzcut. However, it’s well known that Jada suffers from hair loss condition alopecia, and it’s believed this is what left Smith irate. After slapping Rock across the face, Smith stormed back to his seat and shouted from the audience: ‘Keep my wife’s name out of your f***ing mouth.’ Smith went on to win the coveted best actor Oscar later in the ceremony and was seen partying at the Vanity Fair afterparty with wife Jada by his side and children Tre, Jaden and Willow. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Chris Rock joke about Jada Pinkett Smith ‘wasn’t in script’ before Oscars slap, ABC producer claims MORE : Jason Momoa a true gentleman as he gives coat to freezing Kate Beckinsale at Oscars after-party 