Tributes have come pouring in for Tom Parker following the news that The Wanted singer has died aged 33 after being diagnosed with a brain tumour two years ago. In a statement shared by his wife Kelsey Parker on Instagram, she revealed that he died earlier today on Wednesday March 30. ‘Our hearts are broken, Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence,’ wrote Kelsey, who Parker shared two children with. ‘We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children. Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout, he fought until the very end. I’m forever proud of you.’ In a joint statement shared on social media, the other members of The Wanted – Max George, Jay McGuinness, Siva Kaneswaran and Nathan Sykes – expressed their devastation over their loss. ‘Max, Jay, Siva, Nathan and the whole Wanted family are devastated by the tragic and premature loss of our bandmate Tom Parker, who passed away peacefully at lunchtime today surrounded by his family and his band mates,’ their words read. ‘Tom was an amazing husband to Kelsey, and father to Aurelia and Bodhi. He was our brother, words can’t express the loss and sadness we feel. Always and forever in our hearts.’ In a separate post shared on his personal Instagram page, Kaneswaran wrote: ‘Hey Tom, hope you’re having a blast up there. I am so grateful that I had a chance to witness your true courage. ‘It has been a pleasure of my life Tommy Boy. Thank you for letting us see you light up the world. Talk to you soon and see you later. Love you brother.’ Sharing a photo of Parker on Instagram, Ed Sheeran offered his condolences, penning: ‘So sad to hear of Tom’s passing. Thoughts and love are with Kelsey, his children and his family. ‘Very sad day, what a lovely guy x.’ ‘I’m heartbroken to hear about Tom,’ Liam Payne shared. ‘He was so full of life and humour, and the memories I have of him with stay with me forever. ‘Sending my thoughts out to his family and his brothers in The Wanted.’ Rylan Clark tweeted: ‘I’ve just seen the news about Tom and that’s absolutely gutting. He was such a good’un. ‘So sad to hear. Sending my love to Kelsey and the kids. Awful news x #RipTom x.’ Former Strictly Come Dancing professional dancer James Jordan wrote on Twitter that Parker died of the ‘same wicked disease that took my father’. ‘My thoughts and prayers are with his family. He was a very special man that I had the honour of meeting several times. Rest In Peace brother. My dad will be there waiting for you with a beer,’ he said. Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid reacted to the news by saying she was ‘so, so sorry to hear this’, adding: ‘My love to his family. A lovely man. A terrible loss.’ ‘So young and so sad. RIP @TomParker from @thewanted,’ Take That’s Howard Donald tweeted. ‘Strength and love to his family.’ Davina McCall wrote: ‘Don’t even know what to say. My thoughts and prayers go out to Kelsey and the kids and to Toms family, also to the wanted boys. ‘I’m so so sorry . The kindest soul.’ Spandau Ballet’s Martin Kemp wrote: ‘Tom Parker, rest in peace my love goes out to all your family and all your friends.. your bravery, your fight and your spirit will never be forgotten.’ EastEnders actress Tamzin Outhwaite shared: ‘This has floored me. Sending love and light to Tom’s wife and children. So unbelievably tragic. R.I.P Tom Parker.’ Love Island star Malin Andersson commented: ‘Rest in paradise Tom Parker, sending love and strength to your family.’ The official Stand Up To Cancer Twitter page wrote: ‘We’re so sorry to hear about the death of Tom Parker from @TheWanted. ‘Tom was diagnosed with glioblastoma, a type of brain tumour, in 2020. Our thoughts are with his wife Kelsey and their family today.’ TV presenter Jamie East referenced the recent news about Bruce Willis stepping away from acting due to his aphasia diagnosis in his tribute to Parker, stating: ‘What sad news about both poor Tom Parker and Bruce Willis (he has announced he is retiring due to dementia). Hug your loved ones folks.’ Union J’s JJ Hamblett said that he was ‘speechless’ after hearing the news. ‘Tom Parker was such a nice guy who was an incredible artist and real family man! Such a cruel, cruel world. RIP Tom.. you will be missed but never never forgotten,’ he wrote. EastEnders and Holby City star Stuart Antony said that he was ‘very sad’ to hear of Parker’s death, writing on Twitter: ‘Life’s too short.’ Parker was diagnosed with an incurable brain tumour in 2020. Last year, he revealed that the glioblastoma was stable after having an MRI scan, and he recently underwent special treatment at a clinic in the Costa Del Sol, Spain. Parker opened up about his battle with brain cancer in a documentary and on social media, telling his fans that it had been brought ‘under control’ in November 2021. Earlier this month, he promoted his autobiography on social media, which he said would be publishing on July 21 this summer. ‘This is not a book about dying: it’s a book about living. It’s a book about finding hope in whatever situation you’re dealt, and living your best life no matter what,’ he tweeted on March 21. MORE : Tom Parker from The Wanted dies aged 33 two years after brain tumour diagnosis MORE : Foo Fighters cancel all upcoming tour dates in wake of Taylor Hawkins’ death: ‘Let’s take this time to grieve, heal and pull our loved ones close’ 