 A man has been spared jail after he grabbed a bus steering wheel and tried to crash it in rush hour traffic. Earl Haye, 48, got onto the bus early on November 1 and started shouting and swearing at the driver. Off-duty police officer Graham Whitt was sitting at the back of the bus and he escorted Haye off. However, he got onto another bus where he grabbed hold of the steering wheel and tried to steer it before jumping off and running into busy traffic. He then started targeting nearby cars and onto a Peugeot 107 which he punched and smashed the windscreen. Sergeant Whitt saw what was happening and after calling for back-up tackled Haye to the floor, tearing a ligament in his finger in the process. Haye went on to assault three more police officers, biting two of them and spitting at another. He admitted several counts, but walked free after being given a 13-month suspended prison sentence. Sergeant Whitt said: ‘Something that will stay in my mind for longer than the physical pain is the genuine looks of terror in the faces of members of the public, who by no fault of their own, were involved and forced to watch Haye’s rampage. ‘I’m just glad I was in a position to intervene and help prevent a very serious incident. ‘As it was, I suffered an injury to my finger. That’s a far better outcome.’ Assistant Chief Constable Steve Cooper said: ‘This was an appalling incident that could have been worse had it not been for brave actions of Graham and his colleagues. ‘Three police constables swiftly arrived on scene to help detain the man and, regrettably were assaulted. ‘We have repeatedly stressed that this is not part of the job and any assault on emergency workers – physical or verbal – will be treated as a crime and dealt with accordingly. ‘The safety and welfare of our officers is of great importance and the officers involved in this incident have been given the appropriate support by the force.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.