The 2022 Women’s Cricket World Cup begins on Friday and sees the eight best teams in the sport meet for the chance to be crowned 50-over world champions. England won the previous edition back in 2017 and will look to become only the second country to successfully defend the title over the next month. New Zealand are hosting the tournament and the other teams in contention are Australia, Bangladesh, India, Pakistan, South Africa and West Indies. But who are the key players to look out for during the World Cup? Metro.co.uk has picked out one star from each team who can make a big impact in the tournament… One of the greats of the game, Australia’s skipper averages 53 in one-day cricket, with 14 centuries from 91 matches, and goes into the tournament having retained the Ashes earlier in the year. A brilliant batter, Lanning warmed up for the World Cup by scoring an unbeaten 87 against New Zealand on Tuesday. Her value certainly extends beyond her batting, however, with Australia winning three T20 World Cups and three Ashes series since her appointment in 2014. Australia are the most successful team in World Cup history, lifting the trophy six times, and reached the semi-finals in 2017 before losing to eventual runners-up India. Australia squad: Darcie Brown, Nicola Carey, Ashleigh Gardner, Grace Harris, Rachael Haynes (vice-capt), Alyssa Healy (wk), Jess Jonassen, Alana King, Meg Lanning (capt), Tahlia McGrath, Beth Mooney, Ellyse Perry, Megan Schutt, Annabel Sutherland, Amanda-Jade Wellington. Leg-spinners have proved to be key in white-ball cricket and Ahmed is one of the most consistent in the game, taking 45 wickets in 42 ODIs. Significantly, she also keeps it tight in the middle overs, as her economy rate of just 3.63 shows. More than handy with the bat, Ahmed has scored five half-centuries in 39 innings. Ahmed was one of the stars of Bangladesh’s shock Asia Cup win in 2018, with Salma Khatun’s side beating the likes of India, Pakistan and Sri Lanka to the title. Bangladesh are making their World Cup debut in New Zealand and while they are unlikely to qualify for the knockout stages, they will look to secure one or two big scalps before returning home. Bangladesh squad: Fahima Khatun, Fargana Hoque Pinky, Fariha Islam Trisna, Jahanara Alam, Lata Mondol, Murshida Khatun, Nahida Akter, Nigar Sultana Joty (capt), Ritu Moni, Rumana Ahmed, Salma Khatun, Shamima Sultana (wk), Shanjida Akther Maghla, Sharmin Akter Supta, Sobhana Mostary, Suraiya Azmin. Another great of the game, Knight boasts a superb record across the formats, averaging 50 in Tests and 37 in ODIs. The 31-year-old has passed 50 in 22 of her 110 innings in this format and her confidence will be sky high following a stunning 168 not out in the Ashes Test against Australia in January. A consistent if not explosive run-scorer, Knight will look to bat through the innings and allow England’s more dynamic players to do damage from the other end. Reigning champions England will fancy their chances but failed to win any of their five matches against Australia earlier in the year and appear a fair way behind their Ashes rivals. England squad: Tammy Beaumont, Katherine Brunt, Freya Davies, Charlie Dean, Sophia Dunkley, Kate Cross, Sophie Ecclestone, Tash Farrant, Amy Jones (wk), Heather Knight (capt), Emma Lamb, Nat Sciver (vice-capt), Anya Shrubsole, Lauren Winfield-Hill, Danni Wyatt. Undoubtedly one of the stars of the tournament, Mandhana has been a mainstay in India’s side for almost a decade. Her international record is up there with the best of them, averaging in the 40s in both Test and ODI cricket and passing fifty 41 times. With a strike-rate of 85, the 25-year-old doesn’t hang around and will be key to India’s chances in what could be a higher-scoring tournament than ones gone by. Mandhana bagged a second ICC Women’s Cricketer of the Year award last month and will look to fire India to their first World Cup win, following second-place finishes in 2017 and 2005. India squad: Taniya Bhatia (wk), Yastika Bhatia, Rajeshwari Gayakwad, Richa Ghosh (wk), Jhulan Goswami, Harmanpreet Kaur (vice-capt), Smriti Mandhana, Mithali Raj (capt), Sneh Rana, Deepti Sharma, Meghna Singh, Renuka Singh, Pooja Vastrakar, Shafali Verma, Poonam Yadav. Kerr announced herself onto the world stage in 2018 when she smashed an unbeaten 232 in an ODI against Ireland, becoming the youngest player – male or female – to score a double century in international cricket (she also went on to claim five wickets in the same match). It was a remarkable performance and suggested the 17-year-old was the next big thing in the sport, never mind New Zealand cricket. Some feared her immense talent would go to waste as she endured a couple of difficult years following her breakthrough, but recent signs suggest she is back to her best and relishing the responsibility as New Zealand chase a second world title. Kerr was brilliant in last month’s ODI series against India, scoring 353 runs in five innings at an average of well over 100. She also hit a 75-ball 92 on Tuesday in New Zealand’s statement win over Australia. New Zealand squad: Suzie Bates, Sophie Devine (capt), Maddy Green, Brooke Halliday, Hayley Jensen, Fran Jonas, Jess Kerr, Amelia Kerr, Frankie Mackay, Rosemary Mair, Katey Martin (wk), Georgia Plimmer, Hannah Rowe, Amy Satterthwaite (vice-capt), Lea Tahuhu. A wily and effective off-break bowler, Dar became the first bowler – male or female – to take 100 wickets in T20I cricket for Pakistan last year. The 35-year-old has been a consistent performer since breaking into the side in 2010 and will be key if Pakistan are going to cause any upsets. Pakistan are making only their fifth appearance at a World Cup and wins on the global stage have been few and far between, but in Dar they at least have some experience and quality. Dar produced an impressive performance in Pakistan’s surprise warm-up win over New Zealand last week, taking 1-18 from six overs and then hitting 54 from 59 balls as the tourists got home with four balls to spare. Pakistan squad: Aiman Anwar, Aliya Riaz, Anam Amin, Bismah Maroof (capt), Diana Baig, Fatima Sana, Ghulam Fatima, Javeria Khan, Muneeba Ali (wk), Nahida Khan, Nashra Sandhu, Nida Dar (vice-capt), Omaima Sohail, Sidra Amin, Sidra Nawaz (wk). A clean ball striker with a cover drive that Ian Bell would be proud of, Wolvaardt is a gun at the top of the order for South Africa. Another player who averages mid-40s, she rarely misses out in white-ball cricket and became the second-youngest player to score a hundred in women’s one-day internationals when she broke into the team in 2016. The 22-year-old also appears in good nick, scoring her third ODI century in a victory over West Indies last month and 83 from 95 in a narrow warm-up defeat to West Indies last week. South Africa have never won the World Cup – suffering semi-finals defeats in 2000 and 2017 – but a solid tournament from Wolvaardt could ensure they go close this time around. South Africa squad: Tazmin Brits, Trisha Chetty (wk), Mignon du Preez, Lara Goodall, Shabnim Ismail, Sinalo Jafta, Marizanne Kapp, Ayabonga Khaka, Masabata Klaas, Lizelle Lee, Sune Luus (capt), Nonkululeko Mlaba, Tumi Sekhukhune, Chloe Tryon (vice-capt), Laura Wolvaardt. Few players in this tournament can claim to be more experienced than Taylor, with the Jamaican amassing 137 ODIs and 111 T20Is in her 14-year international career. Her numbers are superb – with the bat she averages 45 with seven centuries, and with the ball she averages 22 with 148 wickets. She rarely doesn’t deliver at some stage of the match. The 30-year-old produced a typical Taylor performance in the recent warm-up match against Australia, taking three wickets in a tidy spell before scoring a fluent 66. All-rounders are key to the balance and depth of teams and Taylor is among the best in the game. Despite only reaching one knockout match in their previous six World Cup appearances, West Indies can compete with anyone on their day and are certainly in contention for a semi-final spot. West Indies squad: Aaliyah Alleyne, Shemaine Campbelle, Shamilia Connell, Deandra Dottin, Afy Fletcher, Cherry Ann Fraser, Chinelle Henry, Kycia Knight (wk), Hayley Matthews, Anisa Mohammed (vice-capt), Chedean Nation, Karishma Ramharack, Shakera Selman, Stafanie Taylor (capt), Rashada Williams. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 