Asda faces a legal battle with Waitrose after the budget supermarket announced plans for a new discount ‘Just Essentials’ range. The grocer is rolling out the new cut-price products at all its stores and online in a bid to help shoppers struggling with the cost of living crisis. However, the move has immediately sparked a legal challenge from Waitrose, whose lawyers wrote to Asda claiming to have trademarked the ‘essentials’ name. A spokesperson for Waitrose, which is part of the John Lewis Partnership, said: ‘We were surprised to hear that Asda is launching an essentials range as the Essential Waitrose brand has been in use since 2009 and has built up a strong reputation for value, quality and higher welfare standards in that time. ‘As we’ve also protected the name as a trade mark, we have raised this with Asda and are awaiting a response.’ Waitrose has created around 1,000 products for its Essentials range since launching it over 10 years ago. Asda plans to sell 300 ‘Just Essentials’ items in over 500 shops from May, with the retailer saying the range would be ‘largest budget-friendly essentials range in the market’. The range will include household essentials such as toilet roll and toiletries, as well as fresh meat, fish and poultry, frozen items and storecupboard staples, such as tinned tomatoes. It will replace its current Smart Price range, which was criticised by food poverty campaigner and chef Jack Monroe for not being available in all Asda stores. In response to the legal challenge, an Asda spokesperson hit back: ‘The word ‘essentials’ is a generic and commonly used term by retailers to describe their value product ranges.‘ Ms Monroe criticised the supermarket last month for taking value ranges off its shelves and raising prices at time when many household budgets are being squeezed due to the rising cost of living. The food writer, who has experienced living in poverty, posted a now-viral Twitter thread giving examples of price increases she had noted at her local supermarket in the past year. Following her comments the supermarket chain promised to stock its budget ranges in all 581 supermarkets and online. Mohsin Issa, co-owner of Asda, said: ‘We understand that customers are increasingly worried about the cost of living and want help to keep their grocery bills in check, whilst still being able to buy healthy and nutritious food for their families. ‘Our new Just Essentials range has been specifically designed with this in mind, combining our lowest prices with a much larger and more diverse range of great value products to meet all household needs.’ The cost of living was rising before Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, but the war has pushed food, fuel and energy bills higher. UK inflation has hit a new 30-year high of 6.2%, with food prices up 5.1%. According to research firm Kantar, supermarkets have been passing on their rising costs to consumers. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.