The Queen will not attend the annual Commonwealth Day service due to be held at Westminster Abbey on Monday, Buckingham Palace has announced. The head of state, who has recently recovered from Covid, had hoped to join the Prince of Wales, Duchess of Cornwall and Duke and Duchess of Cambridge at the important occasion in the royal calendar. But a Buckingham Palace spokesman said: ‘After discussing the arrangements with the Royal Household, the Queen has asked the Prince of Wales to represent Her Majesty at the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey on Monday. ‘The Queen will continue with other planned engagements, including in-person audiences, in the week ahead.’ The spokesman revealed another member of the royal family had contracted Covid – after the Queen, Charles and Camilla all picked up the virus. He said: ‘The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester will no longer attend, following the duke’s positive test for Covid. ‘The Queen’s Commonwealth Day message will be distributed in the usual way.’ The service would have been the Queen’s first major public appearance since reaching her Platinum Jubilee milestone. She returned to in-person events on Monday when she welcomed Canada’s prime minister Justin Trudeau to Windsor Castle for an audience. During her meeting with Trudeau, the head of state, 95, was not pictured with the walking stick she has been using of late and the pair shared a joke at the start of their meeting. The monarch tested positive for Covid on February 20 and Buckingham Palace said at the time she was experiencing ‘mild cold-like symptoms’. She last met a group of people in public on February 5, the eve of reaching her Platinum Jubilee, when she hosted a reception at her Sandringham home for local charity workers, volunteers and former staff from her Norfolk estate. Concerns were raised about the Queen’s health when she spent a night in hospital last October, missed a string of events and was advised to undertake light duties by royal doctors. She had only returned to something approaching normal working practices just before contracting Covid-19. The Queen is still expected to attend a service of thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip, her husband of 73 years who died aged 99 last April, at London’s Westminster Abbey at the end of March. However, one royal who will not be attending is her grandson Prince Harry, who now lives in Los Angeles with Meghan Markle and their two children. The Duke of Sussex has been involved in a court battle with the Home Office over its refusal to provide police protection to him on visits to the UK. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.