Nuclear power plant workers in Ukraine are surviving on ‘one meal a day and two hours’ sleep’ after being taken hostage by Russian troops, reports say. The International Atomic Energy Agency said it was ‘extremely concerned’ about the conditions at Zaporizhzhia and Chernobyl after they were seized by Vladimir Putin’s troops. Vital channels of communication have also been blocked, leaving officials without any contact with the hostages. There are fears the fighting at the power plants could lead to a repeat of the 1986 Chernobyl nuclear disaster. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘Ukraine reports that any action of plant management – including measures related to the technical operation of the six reactor units – requires prior approval by the Russian commander,’ the UN’s nuclear watchdog said in a statement. ‘In a second serious development, Ukraine has reported that the Russian forces at the site have switched off some mobile networks and the internet so that reliable information from the site cannot be obtained through the normal channels of communication.’ Chernobyl workers have been trapped since the plant was seized on the first day of the invasion nearly two weeks ago, and are said to be ‘starving, exhausted and depressed’, the Daily Mail reports. Since then, Ukrainian officials claimed radiation levels had been ‘exceeded’ in a number of places. A source told the Mail they have ‘nowhere to sleep and no blankets’ and many are only sleeping for ‘two to four hours’ on their desks. ‘They are running out of food and are down to one meal of porridge a day,’ they added. ‘They are fed once every 24 hours, if there is enough they might get extra bread.’ The plant is usually run by a staff of 500 people, but there are only about 100 left and they’re working day and night to maintain its safety. Yuriy Fomichev, mayor of Slavutych – a satellite town where most plant workers live – stressed that food rations and medication are limited, local media Ukrinform reported. He said: ‘We can’t replace people, they have been working their shift for 10 days already. ‘They divided into two groups, replacing each other, but they are exhausted – mentally, physically, and emotionally. ‘We’ve already said that the staff must work in a stable manner. Also, all vehicles passing through the Chornobyl zone carry radioactive dust on their wheels across the territory of Ukraine, further toward Kyiv, and this hasn’t stopped for days.’ According to Mr Formichev, the collapse of unstable structures could lead to large amounts of radioactive dust being released. ‘In addition, vibration due to the movement of military hardware or, God forbid, hostilities, if they break out, could also affect the fourth power unit, whose structures are unstable,’ he added. ‘I’m talking about the one that was damaged in the 1986 accident.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.