Women in London prefer using personal safety apps when in danger instead of calling the Metropolitan Police for help. Today marks one year since the abduction, rape and murder of Sarah Everard by serving police officer Wayne Couzens as she walked home from a friend’s house near Clapham Common. In the 12 months since her death, others – like primary school teacher Sabina Nessa – have died at the hands of men, prompting a national outcry for urgent change. Despite assurances from the police and Priti Patel’s recent announcement about a campaign to target perpetrators of sexual harassment, many still walk in fear, armed with keys between their fingers and rape alarms. This is the case for Harry Mary-Ann Adams, who began using the social network SafeUp after being repeatedly followed and harassed on the streets of the capital, and particularly in east London. The singer and songwriter told Metro.co.uk she has been catcalled more in the last year than in her entire life. ‘It’s just ridiculous,’ the 24-year-old said. ‘I was walking to and from my studio in Hackney, and it was a 10-minute walk, and I was harassed 14 times. A 10-minute walk took me 40 minutes, it’s a joke. ‘It started off with two men in a van, shouting at me, then a cyclist shouted at me, and then a guy from a flat yelled “sexy legs” at me.’ Hours later, another man started following Harry, harassing her to give him her phone number and blocking her way. She stumbled on SafeUp several months ago after its founders followed her on Instagram, impressed by one of her singles detailing her experiences of catcalling. Launched just a year ago, the app allows women to look out for each other whenever they feel unsafe. Members are connected to trained guardians in the same area as them, who stay on the phone with them until they reach safety or even meet them if needed. Harry said: ‘You know when you’re walking home and call a friend? Basically, it’s like that but you call SafeUp when you don’t have someone to call. ‘It makes you feel a little bit safer because you’re on the phone with someone in a near area to you, who is going to potentially meet you if anything does happen. ‘When I first signed up for it, I thought you can only use it when you are walking home and someone is harassing you, so I didn’t use it for ages. ‘But then I was told you can use it whenever you want and call the girls whenever you don’t feel safe – not just when you are being harassed or followed. ‘I think what happened to Sarah Everard really opened the public’s eyes to what is happening to women. But her death did make me more wary of the police system. ‘So, if something was to happen to me, I would probably call a guardian.’ According to SafeUp’s data, nearly nine in 10 women feel uncomfortable walking alone after dark and avoid certain activities every day like sports or going to a bar. The areas where its members are most active in the capital are Tower Hamlets, Islington, Camden, Southwark and Lambeth. CEO Neta Schreiber created the app following a ‘life-changing’ encounter at a house party 10 years ago, when she was in her 20s. At some point, she noticed that she could not find one of her friends and together with another friend they started looking for her. While searching, Neta heard her friend’s screams from one of the rooms and when she opened the door, she saw her half naked in a fight with two guys standing above her, trying to overpower her. As soon as the men noticed there were other people in the room, they ran away, leaving Neta to realise she had ‘saved’ her friend’s life. SafeUp was initially introduced in Tel Aviv in March 2021 – where the co-founder lives –  but after the horrific news of what happened to Sarah Everard reached Israel, she decided to branch out in London. She said: ‘There have been a few cases in London over the last year. We have seen a lot of women here show interest and search for a solution. ‘There is already an established community of guardians in the capital but we want to grow it and take it to more places.’ Neta confirmed all members – including guardians – are verified when they sign up for the app to ensure there is a woman behind every profile, who wants to bring safety to the community. Only people who identify as women can join SafeUp but in the future, she hopes to develop a separate app for LGBT+ people who also suffer harassment on the streets. Despite the push to see women signing up for the app, the founder insisted they are ‘not trying to replace the police’. She said: ‘Most of the cases we see on the app, it is the grey area where women don’t necessarily feel comfortable asking for help and unfortunately, women do not trust the police. ‘Sometime they’ll trust another woman from the community we offer. But in the end, if we are facing extreme cases, we always call the police because we do not have the professional capacity to deal with such an incident. ‘And for the future, we are considering how best to collaborate with forces and the municipality.’ Police forces in England and Wales recorded 63,136 rapes in the 12 months to September 2021, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS). This was a 13% increase from the previous period – but only 1.3% resulted in a suspect being charged. Last year, the Home Office piloted StreetSafe – an online tool that allows people to anonymously flag public places where they feel unsafe – such as poorly lit walkways, or streets where they have experienced harassment. At the time, the End Violence Against Women blasted this as a waste of public money, adding such measures are likely to do ‘nothing to tackle the root causes’ of violence. A spokesperson for the Met Police insisted the force is ‘absolutely committed’ to tackling all forms of violence against women. They said: ‘We encourage victims of violence, sexual offences and harassment to report incidents to us so that we are able to provide support to victims and ensure we bring offenders to justice.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.