Leigh-Anne Pinnock has shared a rare snap of herself cuddling up to her baby twins – and it’s truly gorgeous. The rare picture comes seven months after the tots were born – the Little Mix singer has so far kept their names and sexes hidden, and has only shared photographs of their backs and blurring their faces. The latest snap shows the 30-year-old looking completely loved-up with her twins as she cuddled them close to her chest. In the background, fans could spot what looked like a dog’s bed, as well as some kids’ toys. The twins were dressed in matching babygrows, which had a cute lion print, and their feet poked out from the bottom. Leigh-Anne looked relaxed in the glimpse, donning a yellow jumper and cream jogging bottoms. The star welcomed her twins in August with footballer fiance Andre Gray, 30. Since then, Leigh-Anne has already whisked her young family away for a short break in Jamaica. The singer was overjoyed to be able to finally get across the pond, and she donned plenty of outfits in the national colours in order to celebrate. Taking to her Instagram account, she shared a host of pictures from the trip, featuring her little ones dressed in matching sparkly babygrows in green, yellow and black, as she strolled around taking in the scenery. In one post, captioned ‘finally made it home’, it was obvious that she could hardly contain her excitement at being back after lockdown. In another post, that she simply captioned ‘MOM’, she shared a black-and-white picture of herself breastfeeding the tots. In February, the singer announced that she’d signed her first solo deal with Warner Records. At the time, Warner Records tweeted: ‘Delighted to welcome Leigh-Anne Pinnock to the Warner Records family!’ The announcement came after Little Mix revealed that they’d be taking a break, while insisting that they are ‘not splitting’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pete Davidson appears to show off Kim Kardashian tattoo amid ongoing feud with Kanye West MORE : Kanye West reacts to Pete Davidson texts after photo of comedian ‘in bed with Kim Kardashian’ 