The family of a man who died while travelling the world said he was ‘living his best life’ at the time of his death. Jordan Baker, 23, fell through a skylight after climbing a church tower in Surfers’ Paradise on the Gold Coast in February 2019. An inquest in Caernarfon, north Wales, was told today that he had been drinking with friend and fellow traveller, Mitchell Philpott, who he had met in the US while working in summer camps. They decided to climb the church tower and reached the cross on the top. After about 15 minutes they started climbing back down. Mitchell said: ‘I don’t remember hearing anything. We were just talking at the time. Then I didn’t hear him talk any more. I turned around and he had fallen through.’ He scrambled off the roof and broke into the church where he found Jordan. He died of multiple injuries and coroner Katie Sutherland recorded an accidental death. Jordan’s mum Jill said: ‘Jordan’s smile could light up a room. We would like Jordan to be remembered not for how he died, but how he lived.’ In honour of his love for travel, whenever his family and friends travel they upload pictures of stones with his initials on to a Jordan Baker Traveling Tribute page. Alicia Baker set up a Gofundme in Jordan’s memory. She said: ‘At the end of February 2019, our beautiful Jordan was taken from us in an untimely manner. ‘In order to keep his legacy alive we will be setting up a foundation in his name to try and make a positive difference in people’s lives the way Jord did with everyone he encountered. ‘Small or large, your donation will go to a worthy cause and will be very much appreciated.’ The coroner added: ‘I can’t begin to imagine what you have been through since Jordan passed away. The death of any family member is extremely tragic. ‘He was living his best life and doing all he wanted to do. I am sorry for your loss in these tragic circumstances.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.