The pandemic has exacerbated the nation’s posture problems as we all spend more time at home, working from makeshift desks and laptops. But it’s certainly not limited to desk jobs – far from it. Up to 80% of adults can expect to experience a sore back at some point in their life. And, an estimated 2.5million people experience back pain every day in the UK, while treating it costs the NHS more than £1 billion a year. It’s something that could affect us all. So, we’ve rounded up some of the best products out there to help look after your back, improve your posture, prevent pain, and provide relief for any aches and pains. Of course, if your back pain is debilitating or you are concerned about it, you should seek advice from your GP. But, in the meantime, it’s worth checking out these items to see if they might be able to help. There are lots of these on the market but this massage gun from Core Balance one is a great price, and very compact. It comes with six interchangeable massage heads, to target every muscle group and features five speed settings, to alter the intensity of your massage. At 2400 times per minute, the top speed is intense – but very effective for knots and tightness. Rechargeable with a six hour battery – and surprisingly easy to use on your own back. Buy it here for £44.99 (RRP £149). Standing desks have been found to improve posture and boost productivity. However, standing all day can come with it’s own issues – so, having the option to do both feels like a great compromise. This one, from Eco Health sits on top of your existing desk (or kitchen table) and is sturdy, easy to assemble and simple to take down/clear away when not in use. It also allows the option to move the shelf heights to suit – in a standing or sitting position. However, it’s worth noting that to successfully use it at seated height, you need to have a desk with significant depth, to allow space for the convertor and your keyboard, etc. Buy it here for £149.99. Or, if you don’t like the idea of standing at all, and you’re working from a laptop, the very least you can is make sure your screen is at the correct height level. You shouldn’t have to crane your neck up or down to look at your screen. Tilting your head backwards or forwards place place strain on your neck and shoulders, and can potentially cause Musculoskeletal Disorders. Ideally, your eyes should be in line with a point on the screen that is about 5-10 cm below the top edge of the monitor. This curve laptop stand from Twelve South is slimline, aesthetically pleasing and perfect for a MacBook. Buy it here for £49.99. There isn’t a huge amount of research into the benefits of acupressure mats but they are designed to produce similar results as acupressure massage. From Traditional Chinese Medicine, the aim of acupressure is to release blocked chi, or energy, around the body, which are then said to reduce or lessen pain. This mat comes with a neck pillow as well, and using the two together should help stimulate positive energy in your body, release endorphins and promote a sense of calm, wellbeing and pain relief. The pillow alone features 1,650 stimulation points that apply pressure to your body, and stimulate the nerve endings. Users swear by positive results – and after you get past the initial discomfort, it does feel like it’s easing aches, pains, and boosting circulation. We also experienced a good night’s sleep after using one, which is always a bonus. Buy it here for £24.99. If you’ve got a niggling ache, or a persisting stiffness, one of these body wraps could be a simple and cheap way to provide some relief. Simple to use, these wraps only need popped in the microwave for 90 seconds. The adjustable velcro fastening means that you can strap it to whichever part of your body needs the help, whether lower back, neck, or shoulder pain. Tighten for extra compression. As a bonus, it could also work nicely for period pains too. Buy it here for £11.99. This is a therapeutic, self heating neck support can help with pain, aches, sprain, and muscle tendon arthritis. Strapping this to your neck, the support gradually gets warmer, and claims to improve the microcirculation of the neck and the shoulder, and help to relax muscles therefore reducing spasms. The nature of it also means that if you wear it while sitting at a desk, it makes you very aware of your neck position and encourages you to hold the head at a proper level, rather than letting it crane forwards. Buy it here for £14.99. If you’ve got back pain, or feel that it needs stretched out after exercise, or a long day at a desk, a back roller can be a cheap and effective way to do this. This particular one comes with an insert, giving a main roller and an inner roller, to target different muscles. Made from high-density foam, the main roller measures 33cm long by 15cm thick and is perfect for rolling larger muscles, such as your glutes and thighs. The inner roller measures 33cm long by 6cm thick and is perfect for targeting tighter areas, such as your arms and neck Buy it here for £9.99. If you’re suffering from inflammation and pain in your back, it could be worth looking to see which supplements might be helpful. For example, Omega-3s are known for their natural anti-inflammatory pain relieving properties and have been found to help with back and joint pain, amongst many other conditions including rheumatoid arthritis and memory issues. These from Wiley’s contain 2150mg of EPA and DHA and are four times more potent than regular fish oils. Buy them here for £19.99 for a 30 day supply. Another supplement to try if you’re struggling with a sore back is magnesium. Aside from strengthening your bones, this supplement maintains your muscles and nerve functions – and increasing your intake of magnesium may help muscle spasms and significantly reduce back pain. This one from City Survivor should be taken at night and the particular blend of bis-glycinate and citrate forms offers superior absorption, and allows a better sleep. Buy it here for £15.95. Wingtech Shirt Short Sleeve Women – RRP £69.95 This T-shirt’s unique design stimulates specific points on your back, reminding you to maintain your posture. If using when exercising, this can also help you breathe easier and move more effectively. The strips have tiny nodules under them which stimulate the nerve endings in your shoulders, encouraging you to stand straight and alleviate any back pain caused by slouching or bad posture. designed for exercise, but can be worn WFH, to remind you to keep your back straight! It’s comes in a snug fit, but is less tight than  compression top. Buy it here for £48.96 (sale price). This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. MORE : A £20 ‘satin sleeping bag’ that protects your bed sheets from fake tan is going viral on TikTok MORE : The best (and worst) sleeping positions for back pain and posture MORE : The Fit List: Indulge with posh hair products, skincare and delicious healthy snacks