The Apprentice’s Lord Alan Sugar fired both Aaron Willis and Akeem Bundu-Kamara in a double elimination blow in scenes that aired on Thursday night. The business mogul was less than impressed by the duo after he tasked the remaining candidates with creating and branding a new baby food, before pitching and selling to leading retailers. Project manager Aaron and colleague Akeem found themselves in the losing team after rustling up a rather inedible product they called a ‘Moroccan Medley’, with Lord Sugar giving them both the chop. Their exits mean that this year’s Apprentice will be an all-female final, with Brittany Carter, Harpreet Kaur, Kathryn Louise Burn and Stephanie Affleck left in the competition. Despite losing out on the £100,000 investment, Aaron isn’t bitter by his departure. ‘I’m actually quite at peace with it because I do think it was my time [to go],’ he admitted. ‘It was one of those moments where I felt I’d peaked and I’d rather have been fired for something which was justified, so I’ve got no complaints! At the end of the day, I messed it up, so I can’t really argue with that.’ ‘At the end of the day, I tried to do the right thing for the team and put Brittany and Kathryn where they had shown to have the strongest skillset,’ Aaron added. ‘It just so happened that it left me in the kitchen by myself and ultimately, that’s where it went wrong. But that was my decision and I’ll stand by it.’ Akeem was a little more gutted by his firing but was pleased to have led two tasks to victory as PM during the process. ‘I thought my contribution was quite integral for the win in a lot of tasks,’ he admitted. ‘I’d also been PM in two tasks, and won those, avoiding the boardroom in both those situations. I also felt that the chemistry in our team was very interesting – we were all very different and contributed to winning in different ways. ‘The times we did lose, such as Wales, I showed that I was willing to step up and take responsibility.’ Just four candidates remain in the series and their business plans will be fully scrutinised in next week’s episode. The Apprentice airs Thursdays at 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Apprentice 2022: Viewers in stitches over huge ‘first time dies’ gaffe: ‘It looks like we want to kill children’ MORE : Our House ending: ‘Shocking’ finale leaves viewers with unanswered questions after Martin Compston and Tuppence Middleton twist 