Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins is reported to have had ’10 different substances in his system’ at the time of his death. Hawkins, who was found dead in his hotel room on Friday night in Colombia during the band’s latest tour, was 50. A statement released by the Colombian attorney general’s office on Twitter, translated from the original Spanish, read: ‘On the initial forensic medical study of the body of Taylor Hawkins, drummer of the band Foo Fighters, who died yesterday in a hotel in the north of Bogotá, the Attorney General’s Office stated the following: ‘In the urine toxicological test performed on the body of Taylor Hawkins, 10 types of substances were preliminarily found, including: THC (marijuana), tricyclic antidepressants, benzodiazepines and opioids. ‘The National Institute of Forensic Medicine continues the medical studies to fully clarify the events that led to the death of Taylor Hawkins. ‘The Office of the Prosecutor of the Nation will continue with the investigation and will report the results obtained in the framework thereof in a timely manner.’ The investigation into his death and its causes is ongoing. Bogotá’s District Department of Health said that after Hawkins was found in the hotel, efforts to resuscitate him were attempted, but ‘there was no response, and the patient was declared deceased’. In a statement shared by the band on social media, they said that they were ‘devastated by the tragic and untimely loss of our beloved Taylor Hawkins’. It continued: ‘His musical spirit and infectious laughter will live on with all of us forever. ‘Our hearts go out to his wife, children and family, and we ask that their privacy be treated with the utmost respect in this unimaginably difficult time.’ The band were in Bogotá as part of their tour, which had been due to have dates in the UK this summer. Fans flocked to the concert venue as well as Hawkins’ hotel, the Casa Medina, to mourn the drummer by lighting candles. Concertgoers were also seen looking emotional and embracing one another as the congregated together after the news broke. Tributes have flooded in for the beloved musician, with stars including Ozzy Osbourne, Travis Barker, Guns N’ Roses singer Axl Rose and the band Nickelback honouring him in poignant statements online. Coldplay’s Chris Martin also remembered Hawkins as a ‘beautiful, beautiful man’ as the band dedicated their song Everglow to his memory during a concert in Mexico on Friday night. The singer told fans: ‘We heard that a friend of ours in a great, great band called the Foo Fighters has passed away,’ he told the crowd. ‘We weren’t sure whether to talk about it at this concert but we have to because they’re our friends and we care about them. ‘We feel like we should send love to the Foo Fighters because we all knew Taylor, their drummer, who was a beautiful beautiful man, and so we’re gonna play this song for the Foo Fighters.’ Prior to joining Foo Fighters, Hawkins was a drummer on tour for Alanis Morissette, while also appearing in several of her music videos. He became a part of the band with Dave Grohl in 1997, while also founding the rock band Taylor Hawkins & The Coattail Riders and forming supergroup NHC. Hawkins is survived by his wife Alison, who he had been married to since 2005, and their three children. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : From touring with Alanis Morissette to close bond with ‘best friend’ Dave Grohl: Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins’ incredible career as he dies aged 50 MORE : ‘Awful’ Princess Diana musical on Netflix crowned ‘worst film’ at Razzie Awards 2022 