The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge ditched the luxury of Kensington Palace as they drank rainwater from vines on a tour of the Belize jungle. Prince William and Kate Middleton were taught how to boil water using a plastic bottle dangling over a fire and to fashion bamboo to use as a pressure cooker. They also learned how to shape the plant into a guillotine-style contraption used to kill monkeys and birds for food. Looking at the trap, suspended five metres in the air from a tree, William turned to the press and joked: ‘Ah, it could trap the media’. The survival masterclass was on the third day of their Caribbean tour in honour of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee and to strengthen ties with the Commonwealth. William already had a bit of a head start, having been taught some essential techniques by the British Army Training Support Unit (BATSUB) in Belize at the start of his gap year in 2000. He was reunited with his former Sandhurst sergeant major, who now runs the jungle unit and described the 39-year-old future king as having ‘aged gracefully’. William declared ‘Ray Mears, eat your heart out’ as he took a drink of water from a vine hacked down with a machete. He also showed off his talents by skillfully splitting a palm leaf down the middle to be used as a shelter. Cheered on by half a dozen soldiers and his wife, William declared: ‘It’s all coming back now,’ as he carefully executed the task. The duke and duchess spent more than 90 minutes on a crash-course version of the survival techniques taught to British soldiers, who spend six to eight weeks in that Belize jungle. Arriving at the BATSUB HQ, dubbed ‘The Schoolhouse’, the couple were briefed on the five main pillars of survival in the environment – cooking, animal traps, shelters, water capture and fire. At the penultimate section, the couple were able to handle a huge water vine hacked down with a machete as William roared: “Ray Mears eat your heart out.” Before leaving, the duke and duchess were able to learn about the close cooperation between the British Army and conservation organisations like Friends for Conservation and Development (FCD) and animal welfare charity Panthera. Both organisations are working to protect and promote the Chiquibul Forest, which is part of The Queen’s Commonwealth Canopy. The couple were handed two pictures of majestic jaguars, which are part of a revolutionary tracking programme in the local jungle and were named William and Kate in their honour. After being reunited with William and meeting Kate for the first time, BATSUB commander Lieutenant Colonel Simon Nichols said: ‘It was great to see Prince William again as it always is. ‘I was lucky enough to work with William and Harry during their time at Sandhurst. ‘William has aged gracefully and much the same man as I remember. I hope their time here was useful and they enjoyed themselves. ‘Every time I am in the jungle you learn a lot, every day is a school day in this environment.’ William and Kate are moving on to Jamaica for the second leg of their tour before finishing off in the Bahamas. Their trip got off to a rocky start before it even began, as they were caught up in a row with indigenous people. The Q’eqchi Maya people said they were not consulted about the duke and duchess’s visit and staged a protest over disputed land held by a charity of which William is a patron. Now the couple are facing scrutiny in Jamaica as representatives of the UK, as a group of professors and politicians demand an apology and reparations for slavery during the British empire. ‘We see no reason to celebrate 70 years of the ascension of your grandmother to the British throne because her leadership, and that of her predecessors, have perpetuated the greatest human rights tragedy in the history of humankind,’ read their letter. It was published on Sunday and signed by 100 Jamaican leaders ahead of William and Kate’s visit. Jamaica lawmaker Mike Henry, who has long led an effort to obtain reparations that he estimates at more than £7billion, said an apology is only the first step for what he described as ‘abuse of human life and labour. The country’s main opposition People’s National Party (PNP) sad it is aware of planned protests during the couple’s visit. It called for the British monarch to ‘make an authentic and profound apology for the role played by their family in the slave trade, chattel slavery and the plantation system’. The party also called for the Royal Family to acknowledge that the benefited from such exploitation and said such an admission and apology ‘would be an appropriate way for the British Monarchy to commence the process of atonement for their role in this aspect of our history’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.