A former police chief in Ukraine has bravely said Russian soldiers can take him hostage in exchange for letting children stuck in Mariupol leave the occupied city. Russia has reduced parts of Mariupol to rubble in the last few weeks, bludgeoning it with a relentless stream of artillery attacks. Although thousands have managed to flee the southeastern port city, others have been left struggling to get by on little food and water, and with no internet connection or electricity. Vyacheslav Abroskin has asked Russia to let him into the city for three days so he can help children still inside Mariupol leave. In return for this, Mr Abroskin has promised to allow the military to take him hostage. He wrote on Facebook: ‘I appeal to the Russian occupants – give me the opportunity to get children out of Mariupol, instead of living children I offer myself.’ Mr Abroskin went on to explain why taking him captive would be something worth bargaining for. He said: ‘I am a police general who directly organized a protest against you on Donetschin from 2014 to 2018. I’m included in your sanction list. I’m in your search. ‘You arranged an attempt on me to eliminate. Dozens of yours were killed and thousands of your helpers were detained in my presence. ‘My life belongs to me alone and I offer it in exchange for the lives of children who still remain in Mariupol.’ Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky previously said Mariupol had been ‘reduced to ashes’ where there is ‘nothing left. Recent footage has revealed the horror inside a theatre that Russia attacked while Ukrainians were using it as a bomb shelter. At least 300 people have been declared dead and some 150 people had to be pulled from underneath the rubble to survive. Ukrainians had tried to appeal to the Russian military by writing ‘children’ in large letters outside the theatre so soldiers would know civilians were shielding there, but it was bombed anyway. It comes as the United Nations is investigating claims that Russian troops have forced more than 6,000 Ukrainian civilians into captivity in Russia. The Mariupol locals are allegedly being kept to later be used as hostages. The UN has already confirmed 36 abductions. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.