A teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a DJ was stabbed outside a branch of Subway. Tom Roberts, 21, was attacked on the nightclub strip in Bournemouth around 4.45am on Saturday. Tom, who wanted to become a marine, was rushed to hospital in a critical condition but medics could not save his life. Police have now arrested a suspect, aged 16, after the stabbing, which happened on Old Christchurch Road. Mr Roberts’ family is being supported by specialist officers. They are ‘heartbroken’ by the tragedy – which has left residents at the popular seaside resort reeling. His sister, Patti Roberts said: ‘Today has been so heartbreaking for our family and friends. ‘My younger brother, Tommy, was murdered in the early hours in Bournemouth town centre, so please, if you know of anything that may help the police, reach out. ‘He was only 21-years-old. He wanted to be a marine. He deserves justice.’ Detective Inspector Simon Huxter, of Dorset Police’s Major Crime Investigation Team, said ‘Following fast track enquiries, I can confirm that a 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder. ‘The victim’s family have been kept updated with the progress of the investigation and our thoughts are very much with them and his friends at this tragic time.’ Police are appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident to come forward with information, ‘no matter how small you think it may be’. Residents and motorists in the area have been asked to check CCTV and dashcam footage for anything which could help the investigation. There will be an increased police presence in the area over the coming days, DI Huxter added.Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at http://www.dorset.police.uk/do-it-online, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting incident number 12:101. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.