Since Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine, an inevitable humanitarian crisis has unfolded – drawing many across the globe to rally around the people of Ukraine in solidarity and defiance against Russia. Rightly so. Except this doesn’t seem to extend to minority ethnic communities in Ukraine – particularly Black people. According to several personal accounts of Black people fleeing Ukraine, there’s a hierarchy of ‘Ukrainians first, Indians second [and] Africans last’, as well as Africans being threatened and hit by police, or pushed off trains and shoved while trying to flee. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live It appears the darker you are, the further to the bottom of the list you get. This is a clear demonstration of racism at the heart of a humanitarian crisis. Yet I have seen numerous people online insisting that now is not the time to talk about anti-Blackness. ‘There’s a war going on’, they say. ‘We can talk about racism later’. This attitude is reprehensible and enables racism. Why is the pain and suffering of white Ukrainians prioritised while the pain and suffering – as well as humiliation – of Africans seemingly ignored? The hypocrisy and blatant racism is profoundly loud. Now is exactly the time to be having conversations around racism and anti-Blackness. If not now, then when? Many anti-racism campaigners are used to hearing people undermine their efforts with insistences that there are bigger issues that need dealing with first. We’ve been told not to talk about race during the pandemic – whether that’s the disproportionate impact it has had on Black and minority ethnic people, or about the West’s controlled distribution of Covid-19 vaccine to countries in Africa, Asia and many in the global south. Closer to home, we’re told not to raise our voices when it comes to ethnic health inequalities; when we speak about the access to, outcomes and experiences of healthcare in the NHS. We are told Britain’s is not institutionally racist. But why should we not talk about racism and anti-Blackness? Surely by suggesting we stay quiet, our critics are content for the lives of Black and other minority ethnic people in Ukraine to be treated as inferior to white people. To me, it is clear that prioritising whiteness made this about race from the start and we have every right to respond to it with our objection. We refuse to internalise the pain and suffering caused by white supremacy. Racism and the indifference to the lives of Africans, Indians, Arabs and other non-white foreign nationals facing racial discrimination at the borders of war-struck Ukraine is symptomatic of a deeply ingrained culture of racism in the West. Just look at how reporting on this war compared to non-white people seeking refuge from Afghanistan, Syria, Palestine, Yemen, Iraq, Libya and other countries in conflict. Words like ‘civilised’ have been used to describe Ukraine, while other war-torn countries have been talked about as ‘developing’ and ‘third-world’. Ukrainians themselves have been called ‘similar’ to us. The shock that this could happen on our continent, to people with ‘blue eyes and blond hair’, palpable. There is a stark difference in how white pain and suffering is humanised to look like ‘they are one of us’ in comparison to the pain and suffering of the pain of Black and non-white people. The hashtag #IStandwithUkraine rings hollow if you only care about Ukrainians because they are white. The Russian army will hit all indiscriminately to cause maximum havoc and chaos. How can you prioritise safe refuge and passage to only Ukrainians based on the colour of their skin but deny and delay the same humanity to Africans and other non-white foreign nationals in an unfolding humanitarian crisis? This is categorically wrong and evil. It is what racism manifests. So before you tell someone that ‘now is not the time to talk about race’, look in the mirror and ask yourself why you are prioritising whiteness. As long as white pain is humanised and Black pain is dehumanised, we will fight the violence that is white supremacy. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Racism at Ukraine border: Terrified African students left ‘stranded in war zone’ MORE : Racism drove me out of my country of birth – the UK became my safe haven MORE : Ukraine claims 5,710 Russian troops have died since invasion began