Ronda Rousey has revealed she’s suffered a minor injury with less than two weeks to go until WrestleMania 38. The former UFC champion and current WWE superstar is set to face SmackDown Women’s Champion Charlotte Flair for the gold in Dallas, Texas on April 2, but it’s not going to be the easiest journey to AT&T Stadium. Appearing on a Facebook Gaming Stream, she said: ‘Oh, I’m totally fantastic, fine. I tore my labial frenulum apparently, which is that little piece of skin that connects your lip to your jaw or whatever, my top jaw.’ Thankfully, a labial frenulum tear should heal itself within a few days, so there is no doubt Rousey will be ready to go at WrestleMania. That said, the proud mum – who gave birth to her daughter La’akea Makalapuaokalanipõ back in September – admitted she wasn’t ‘feeling too good’ at the moment. ‘I’m like so sick and not feeling good right now. Sorry guys if I sound like crap. I’ve literally sounded like this all day,’ she added. ‘So tired, Po [her daughter] was so fussy on the plane on the way back and just, you know, SmackDown was a very physical day. I’m sore, I’m sick, I’m tired.’ Rousey previously admitted she’s having to adjust to being a new mum and appearing on television. Speaking to her Facebook followers during a live stream last month, she said: ‘Sorry if I leak through the hoodie on my screen. On the stream – which has become my new paranoia, which is that I’m going to start lactating live on television. ‘Like would I, well on Raw, SmackDown, or wrestling or something? That’s why like, it was pretty bold wearing the white, white shirt on Raw. “Oh God, please do not lactate.” ‘ Ronda won the Royal Rumble match on January 29 when she eliminated runner-up Flair after coming out as the 28th entrant, earning herself a world championship match at WrestleMania 38. She confirmed she would face Flair herself for the Queen’s SmackDown Women’s Title, and the stage is set for a high stakes match in Dallas. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE announces European tour as Ronda Rousey returns to UK for first time in four years MORE : WWE star Big E ‘narrowly escaped stroke, paralysis or death’ after breaking neck in horror accident 