Killing Eve is currently airing its fourth and final season, but Konstantin actor Kim Bodnia revealed he’d never rule out returning for more. Sandra Oh and Jodie Comer returned late last month for what might be Eve and Villanelle’s last outing in the cat and mouse game. Fans were buzzing for the iconic duo to return, after a two-year hiatus. Other cast members who were back included fan favourite Kim, who plays Villanelle’s mentor, as well as Fiona Shaw, who’s returned as spy Carolyn. So far, fans have got no closer to working out whether both Eve and Villanelle will be alive at the end of a tense season. But will there be any more to come from Killing Eve after season four comes to an end next month? Here’s all you need to know. Killing Eve is set to end with the current season, and there are no plans for a season five. But chatting to Metro.co.uk, star Kim said on if he thinks this is the right time to end the show: ‘There’s no right time to end. No right time to end it. What is that?!’ He didn’t rule out the chance to do a season five if the opportunity came around, and said: ‘It’s definitely possible, of course, why not? ‘Everybody wishes that. I wish it too. Let’s talk to the producers!’ Kim told us. Speaking to Harper’s Bazaar last year, his co-star Jodie admitted she tries to avoid thinking about the show’s conclusion. ‘I’m trying not to think about it too much, honestly. It’s sad, you know? I’ve been with this character for a really, really long time. But she felt it was the right time to end, adding: ‘I would rather we ended on a good note and kept our integrity, instead of going on and on, and being kicked out the door.’ There are eight episodes in total that will air for season four in total. The first three have already been released on BBC iPlayer, coming out every Monday, and are each airing on Saturday nights on BBC One. The finale will be available to stream on BBC iPlayer from Monday, April 18 and you can watch the final episode on TV on Saturday, April 23. You can catch up with the episodes from season four as they’re released each week on the streaming service every Monday morning. But you can also watch it on the small screen every weekend, when the episodes air on Saturdays. Seasons one, two, and three are also all available to stream on BBC iPlayer. Killing Eve airs tonight at 9.25pm on BBC One and new episodes come to BBC iPlayer every Monday. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Jodie Comer inspired me to be a better actress’: Killing Eve celebrate tour de forces Eve Polastri and Villanelle on International Women’s Day MORE : Killing Eve has lost its edge as even Sandra Oh and Jodie Comer struggle to save lacklustre season 4 