Ah, the humble pretzel. A tasty snack (especially if you dip a salted one in chocolate), yes, but also, a sex position that you should definitely try. This sex position is not named after the bready delight because it’s yeasty, salty, or especially filling, but after a pretzel’s shape. But don’t worry – you don’t need to get too twisty, so you don’t have to be super flexible to give it a go. It’s a super intimate move that’s great for coupling deep penetration with other types of stimulation, like playing with the nipples or clit. You can also add in toys for even more pleasure, all with the added benefit of some seriously hot eye contact. So, how’s it done? The person being penetrated lies on their side. The person doing the penetrating holds up their partner’s top leg, straddles the bottom leg, and shifts closer to ease inside. The top can then hold their partner’s leg against their chest and get thrusting, all while looking deep into their lover’s eyes. The person on the bottom has their hands free to do with what they wish, whether that’s playing with themselves or their partner. Once you’ve got the basic positioning down, there are all kinds of ways you can mix up your pretzel. If you’re on the bottom, try bringing your knees up to your chest, or have your partner hold your leg up and out to slightly shift the angle of penetration. Or, wrap your top leg around your partner, so you have more of a rocking movement rather than thrusting. You can also, as suggested earlier, bring in toys and accessories to add new dimensions to the fun. A vibrating bullet on the clit could be fun, or perhaps a butt plug if you want to give anal play a go? Getting out of the pretzel to switch into other positions can be a bit of a faff, but one way to transition out is for the bottom partner to flip for rear entry. Then the top partner can easily move around and change up their positioning – although honestly, you might just want to stay in the pretzel forever. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Try the corkscrew sex position for an intoxicating night without opening a bottle MORE : Propel your bedroom skills in the right direction with the helicopter sex position MORE : Women have ‘more intense orgasms’ through masturbation than by having sex