The Queen’s private estate is looking at providing homes and jobs to Ukranian refugees fleeing the horrors of war. Prince Charles is also thinking about doing the same at his Dumfries House estate in Ayrshire. It follows a move by rural estates in Scotland offering accommodation and employment to Ukrainian refugees. Scottish Land & Estates (SLE), which represents rural businesses, said more than 40 estates had volunteered to help those fleeing war and arriving in Scotland. It is understood the organisation recently approached the Queen’s Highland estate of Balmoral to see if she could do the same sort of thing with her land. The 50,000 acre estate is due to open to the public for the season next month and has recently been advertising for waiting and housekeeping staff and visitor assistants. Staff would have accommodation provided, so Ukrainian refugees could fill these vacancies, as under a specially drawn-up scheme they will have permission to work in the UK for three years. Balmoral also has a vacancy for a seasonal gardener. SLE said it had written to the Scottish Government and expressed its willingness to assist finding suitable places for refugees. A source said: ‘Balmoral have been approached and I understand are keen to help but there are practicalities to overcome, however these should not be insurmountable given the goodwill out there.’ A spokesperson for the Royal Household confirmed: ‘The Royal Household is looking at a number of ways to offer practical help and support.’ The Queen showed her solidarity with Ukraine as she stood in front of a large bouquet of blue and yellow flowers during her first in-person engagement since catching Covid with the Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau earlier this month. The subtle tribute came just days after the Queen reportedly made a ‘generous donation’ to the Disasters Emergency Committee’s Ukraine appeal. The palace did not announce the donation and declined to say how much was given but the charity publicly thanked the monarch on social media earlier this month. The royal art collection, held in trust by the Queen, has also become involved in the cultural boycott of Russia by withdrawing permission for three swords to be displayed at the Kremlin Museums in Moscow. The Royal Collection had agreed to lend the 17th-century weapons as part of an exhibition about duelling, sponsored by the Russian oligarch and former fencer Alisher Usmanov. The Uzbek-born business magnate had sanctions imposed upon him by the UK, EU and US earlier this month over his ties to Vladimir Putin. The Royal Collection withdrew permission in mid-February as more than 100,000 Russian troops massed on Ukraine’s borders before the invasion on February 24. And the 95-year-old Monarch has said she hopes the people of the Commonwealth ‘can draw strength and inspiration from what we share’ during these ‘testing times’. Meanwhile Dumfries House has turned left over parts of a massive patchwork mosaic featuring more than 9,000 hand-knitted squares unveiled by Prince Charles and Camilla into 60 blankets to help refugees fleeing the war in Ukraine. A source also confirmed it was looking at finding places for refugees. Dee Ward, Vice Chair at SLE, said: ‘Estates in Scotland are very keen to help in any way they can to those fleeing the devastation in Ukraine. ‘As these estates are rural businesses, many are in the fortunate position of being able to offer not just accommodation but also employment opportunities for refugees arriving here. ‘We have no doubt that as well as estates helping those coming to stay here, there will be many Ukrainian people with experience and talent in sectors such including farming, food production and hospitality that can be of real value to our rural communities. ‘We are under no illusion how difficult it will be for Ukrainians coming to stay here, especially in the short-term, but we want to work with the Scottish and UK Governments to provide opportunities for individuals and families wherever we can. ‘We know that refugees will require care and support to adjust to life here but we believe our rural areas and businesses can play a part in the collective effort that will be required in the coming months.’ Last week Belgium’s royal family said it would host three families of Ukrainian refugees. Last year, King Philippe and Queen Mathilde housed some of those who lost their homes in flooding. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.