Being a renowned interior stylist and designer can have its drawbacks. Nicki Bamford-Bowes, an Instagram influencer with 126k followers (@andthentheywentwild) , who also appears on the BBC’s Interior Design Masters, was struggling to get away from social media and emails and back to the books that originally inspired her. The answer was this dedicated reading area in her Victorian semi in Forest Hill, London, with a moody, atmospheric colour scheme to trick the senses into shifting down a gear. The space is located in the master bedroom and was once a magnet for clutter. ‘It was my New Year’s resolution to create a reading corner for myself and read less online. I wanted a calm tranquil corner so I could get some head space,’ says Nicki. ‘Creating a zone where I could be away from everyone else and be away from my desk, look at glossy books rather than go down rabbit holes online or on Pinterest, it gives me the time to be inspired guilt-free.’ Nicki and husband Matt had only planned to stay in the property five years before moving to the country, but a chance to purchase some land out the back meant an opportunity to create a larger garden and extend. That was 14 years ago and they are loving the property more every day. ‘Being able to purchase the land opened up a world of possibilities. The garden was too small to make the house bigger, but with the extra space we could put in a work studio and do a kitchen extension. It has evolved into our dream home.’ Nicki says the Farrow & Ball Black Blue colour scheme and Varallo velvet curtains of the reading room only work if you have good lighting. ‘In the evening low level lighting creates a cosy and intimate ambience.’ A fan of painting ceilings dark colours to create the illusion of more space, she has decided against it here as it could be too overwhelming. ‘I like to think of a holistic approach when designing: smell touch, lighting, texture, and light all work towards helping you wind down. I have a speaker in there to listen to cool, soothing tunes. Because it’s our bedroom I wanted it to be dark, sumptuous, sophisticated and separate from the rest of the house — it needed to be relaxed and calm.’ Now that the reading space is finished, it has helped Nicki rediscover good old paper and print. ‘I make the time to enjoy my space. You need to motivate yourself still, but it is inviting. You’ll often find me reading upstairs. It’s great.’ ‘A comfortable chair positively invites you to relax. Position it towards a window. Natural daylight is invigorating and seeing nature and greenery is important for wellbeing. ‘I chose this gorgeous Willow Rattan accent chair because it is made of tactile natural materials. A footstool is a must-have so you can really relax. Add cushions for even more comfort.’ Buy for £149 from Home Essentials. ‘On dark nights there is nothing like the feeling of closing sumptuous curtains to block out the world. The right ones will muffle any sounds as well as blocking light. I looked everywhere for perfect, lined, deep-grey velvet curtains with no luck. ‘So, I discovered the ideal fabric online and had mine made. This can be much less expensive than you think, especially if you can find a local company or individual and deal with them directly.’ Buy for £101 per metre from Designers Guild. ‘I love using dark paint to create cocooning spaces. You might think that dark shades are gloomy or make a room look smaller, but I love the way they create a sense of comfort, intimacy and calm. Other colours, pop against the dark background, while golds and glass sparkle.’ Buy from Farrow & Ball. ‘Fragrance makes everything feel better. Using essential oils in my home always helps me sleep better, lifts my mood and energy, and even helps me focus. ‘The Ellia Adore Aromatherapy diffuser has a minimal look, which fits in perfectly with my aesthetic, plus it also glows and plays calming music.’ Buy for £54.99 from Home Essentials. ‘Forget the unforgiving overhead Big Light! The cosy, flattering effect of pools of low-level lighting helps me wind down. I couldn’t resist this terrazzo light. ‘Candles give that extra ambient glow. I chose one with the scent of Neroli called HAPPY because that is how I want to feel.’ Buy for £25 from Home Essentials. ‘Texture is vital to any design scheme to add depth and a sense of luxury. ‘I love painted floorboards for their minimal look but sinking my bare toes into this velvety rug is instantly comforting.’ Buy for £975 from Cox & Cox, £975. ‘Mirrors bounce light around and reflect the outdoors, which is especially important during the dark, short days of winter. ‘I added life and light to a dark corner by using this full-length arch mirror. This elegant, curved shape is a trend to watch for 2022, and one you can be confident won’t date quickly.’ Buy for £179 from Home Essentials, £179. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mums transforms her Portsmouth home with fairytale interior inspired by her kids’ dreams MORE : Get the look: interior design blogger and author Emily Murray on her amazing home playground