Protestors used fire extinguishers to turn a London building blood red today, in protest at ‘sustainable’ fishing labels. Nearly a year after the landmark ‘Seaspiracy’ documentary sparked debate around eating fish, demonstrators from Animal Rebellion spray painted the central London headquarters of the Marine Stewardship Council (MSC) They held placards that read ‘MSC – Stop Certifying Destruction’ and ‘Protect the Seas – End Fishing’. The group, an offshoot of Extinction Rebellion, are calling for all fishing to be stopped in a bid to end ‘ocean destruction’. They also want people to move towards vegan diets. Police say three activists have been arrested following the action at Marine House, Snow Hill. Activists were calling on the organisation to ‘stop certifying the fishing industry and support a just transition to sustainable industries’. After daubing the walls red with the modified fire extinguishers, the activists sat down in the paint holding placards. The MSC said it was ‘shocked’ to have been targeted. Orla Coghlan, a spokesperson for Animal Rebellion, said: ‘Evidence has shown that our oceans could be empty as soon as 2048 because of fishing. ‘The MSC has a responsibility in their claims to be sustainable. They have a duty to revive the ocean when species are going extinct. The solution to fishless seas and ocean acidification is obvious: the government and the MSC need to fund a just transition from fishing to sustainable plant-based agriculture, such as seaweed and legumes.’ She continued: ‘The MSC are responsible for ensuring “sustainable” fishing, however scientific evidence has shown that it is not possible to sustainably fish in our seas.’ Animal Rebellion says it wants the MSC to stop handing out ‘ecolabels’ to supermarkets and fisheries ‘that have been proven to contribute to marine destruction’ – an issue raised in Netflix’s Seaspiracy. The 2021 film highlighted a number of apparent flaws in the labelling scheme, though some have suggested that there were factual errors in the documentary. Animal Rebellion’s Harley McDonald-Eckersall said: ‘Despite increasing warnings of imminent climate catastrophe, these certifiers continue to promote these destructive industries. ‘We’re here today to demand that they stop the hypocrisy and stop condoning an industry that is destroying the planet and killing the animals they claim to protect.’ But in a statement, the MSC rejected Animal Rebellion’s position. It read: ‘We’re shocked that Animal Rebellion has targeted the MSC in this way.’ ‘Targeting the MSC’s office will do nothing to stop fishing – instead it hurts an organisation making a positive difference. It is wholly unacceptable that our staff who are working to protect the oceans, should be intimidated in this way.’ Alleging that its staff were intimidated and questioning the credibility of claims made in Seaspiracy, the not-for-profit organisation’s statement went on: ‘Tackling overfishing is a complex global challenge which MSC has been working on for more than two decades. ‘This morning’s stunt draws attention but Animal Rebellion’s call to end fishing is over-simplistic and fails to acknowledge the importance of fishing in feeding and sustaining billions of people around the world.’ The City of London Police’s detective chief inspector Carly Humphreys, said: ‘Officers attended a premises in Snow Hill, EC1A, after a group of protestors sprayed painted on the front of a building. ‘Three people were arrested and they are currently in police custody.’ Animal Rebellion told Metro.co.uk on Monday evening that the trio had already been released. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Nearly half the people who watch Netflix’s Seaspiracy consider giving up fish