Emma Raducanu has hit back at criticism her focus has shifted away from tennis amid a series of sponsorship deals. The US Open champion is still struggling to find her best form this year – winning just two of her seven matches – and suffered a disappointing second round exit to Katerina Sinaiakova at the Miami Open this week. An early exit at the tournament prompted some comments on social media to suggest she is becoming distracted by her commitments outside of training. Raducanu – who added Porsche to her growing list of sponsors in an announcement at the start of this week – has set the record straight when it comes to criticism of her business off the court. ‘Maybe you just see, on the news or on social media, me signing this or that deal and I feel like it’s quite misleading because I’m doing five, six hours a day (of training), I’m at the club for 12 hours a day,’ Raducanu said. ‘But I throw out one post in the car on the way to practice and all of a sudden it’s ‘I don’t focus on tennis’. I think that it is unfair but it’s something I have learned to deal with and become a bit more insensitive to the outside noise. ‘At the end of the day, I feel like my days (with sponsors) are pretty limited. I’m not doing crazy days. I’m doing three, four days every quarter, so it’s really not that much.’ The British No.1’s season has been hampered by injuries while a bout of coronavirus over the winter period also affected her preparations. Raducanu has failed to reach the level she displayed in winning her maiden Grand Slam at the US Open last year but at 19 years of age it’s only her first full season on the WTA Tour. In a bid to avoid the criticism sent her way at present, Raducanu admits she is trying to stay away from what people may be saying about her on social media. ‘In the beginning I probably would occasionally peek at what’s being said,’ added Raducanu. ‘But now I don’t really bother doing that because sometimes it’s not going to be so favourable or positive and I feel like it can get to you. I’m just learning to thicken my skin a bit. ‘For me, I’m doing these things, but I’m training hard, putting the hours in and especially now I feel I just need to get more volume and capacity. I am doing a lot and I’m spending a lot of time at the club. ‘These deals, of course I’m so grateful for them, but my tennis is my focus. That’s definitely at the front of my head.’ MORE : Tim Henman delivers honest verdict on Emma Raducanu’s disappointing Miami Open exit MORE : Tim Henman delivers honest verdict on Emma Raducanu’s disappointing Miami Open exit For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 