Jeremy Kyle has contacted lawyers to take action against the makers of a Channel 4 documentary which claims staff would lie about the results of guests’ mental health checks because they were under ‘such pressure’ to book them. The presenter hosted The Jeremy Kyle Show for 14 years until it was taken off air in 2019 following the suicide of guest Steve Dymond. Dymond took his own life after ‘failing’ a lie detector test which suggested he had cheated on his ex-fiancee. Channel 4’s Jeremy Kyle: Death On Daytime makes a number of allegations against the show, including ex-producers claiming they were denied meals until they had booked guests. In a statement shared with The Sun, Kyle said: ‘I would like to reiterate my deepest sympathies to the friends and family of Mr Dymond. ‘I’ve consistently maintained it would be inappropriate to discuss the tragic death of Steve Dymond before the legal inquest into it has concluded. ‘Likewise, the false and damaging allegations made against me by Channel 4 are with the lawyers now. ‘No doubt ITV will address the issues raised by Channel 4 around ITV’s production of The Jeremy Kyle Show themselves, it would be wrong for me to speak on their behalf. ‘Now is not the time to debate or discuss what is an ongoing legal process. When I can respond, I will.’ Dymond’s episode never aired on ITV and all episodes of the show were immediately pulled from ITV Hub and YouTube. In response to the Channel 4 documentary, ITV said it does not ‘accept the central allegation of this programme of a ‘bad culture’ within the production team’. ‘ITV would never condone any of its production staff misleading or lying to guests.’ A statement issued by the broadcaster read: ‘The Jeremy Kyle Show was broadcast for 14 years. In that time, more than 20,000 people took part in the show seeking help to resolve relationship issues, or to address drug or alcohol related problems. The central purpose of the show was conflict resolution, and the show achieved many positive outcomes where people were able to resolve personal problems. ‘The Jeremy Kyle Show had extensive and detailed duty of care processes in place for contributors built up over 14 years. It had a dedicated guest welfare team of mental healthcare professionals with decades of experience in NHS mental healthcare, who were focused on the welfare of guests throughout the production process. ‘Guests were supported by the programme and welfare teams prior to filming, throughout filming and after filming. Should they require ongoing help then appropriate solutions were found for them, which could include residential rehabilitation, counselling, anger management, family mediation, child access mediation or couples counselling. ‘Due to the gravity of events in May 2019, namely the death of a guest a few days after taking part in the show, ITV decided to end production of the show. It would not be appropriate for ITV to comment further on that in advance of the inquest to be held later this month. ‘All guests on the Jeremy Kyle Show were aware of the nature of the show and the presenter’s style before taking part in recording. Most of those who applied to appear watched the show themselves. All guests gave their informed consent, in writing, to take part. Since 2018, ITV had taken significant steps in relation to its duty of care of participants. ITV issued detailed new guidance to all its producers on protecting participants in October 2019…’ Jeremy Kyle: Death On Daytime airs Sunday at Monday at 9pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Late Jeremy Kyle guest Steve Dymond says ‘show is responsible for what happens now’ in gut-wrenching last text to ex-fiancée before taking his own life MORE : Jeremy Kyle Show staff ‘denied meals’ if they failed to book guests: ‘We were treated like lab rats’ 