Boris Johnson fears Russia could use chemical weapons to break the deadlock in Ukraine. Vladimir Putin’s efforts to swiftly overrun the country have faltered because of dodgy intelligence, stiff resistance and logistical problems. Western allies have long feared the Kremlin will resort to crushing the will of Ukrainians by turning to more and more brutal attacks. The prime minister’s comments to Sky News echo assessments made by Western intelligence agencies in recent days that chemical weapons could be on the table. Last night, the US warned Mr Putin might seek to use weapons of mass destruction and rejected Russian claims of illegal chemical weapons development there. This week, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova claimed without evidence that Ukraine was operating secret labs producing outlawed weapons with American help. Joe Biden’s press secretary Jen Psaki called the claim ‘preposterous’ and said Russia might be trying to lay the groundwork for its own use of such weapons against Ukraine. Addressing the reports, Mr Johnson told Sky: ‘The stuff that you’re hearing about chemical weapons is straight out of their playbook. ‘They start saying that there are chemical weapons that have been stored by their opponents or by the Americans. ‘And so when they themselves deploy chemical weapons, as I fear they may, they have a sort of maskirovka – a fake story – ready to go. ‘You’ve seen it in Syria. You saw it even in the UK. That’s what they’re already doing. It is a cynical, barbaric government.’ MORE : Russia says Ukraine war ‘won’t turn nuclear’ after cutting power at Chernobyl Foreign secretary Liz Truss – who is due to give a speech on Ukraine in the US today – was asked if chemical weapons would represent a ‘red line’ for the British government. She said: ‘We are very concerned about the potential use of chemical weapons. ‘Now, of course, we’ve seen Russia use these weapons before in fields of conflict, but that would be a grave mistake on the part of Russia, adding to the grave mistakes that have already been made by Putin.’ Any hopes talk between the top diplomats of Russia and Ukraine could yield any sort of breakthrough appear to have faded entirely. Ukrainian foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba said he attended the meeting on Thursday with Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov in Turkey to discuss humanitarian corridors and a ceasefire. But he said there had been no progress, with Mr Putin’s representative even claiming Russia had not attacked Ukraine at all. Mr Kuleba said there are ‘other decision-makers’ in Russia who need to be consulted, adding that he agreed with Mr Lavrov to continue to seek a solution to humanitarian issues caused by the war. He said Moscow is not ready to offer a ceasefire, adding: ‘They seek Ukraine’s surrender. This is not going to happen.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.