This is Cocoa, the collie mix who has to wear special goggles to save her eyes from the sun’s harmful rays. She has a hereditary immune system condition which means she’ll need these goggles for the rest of her life. The chic accessory – called Rex Specs – is specifically designed to protect dogs’ eyes from up to 95% of UV. Owner Megan Novak, 32, spent £100 on the goggles and spare lenses following vet advice. She said: ‘They look like skiing goggles, and I had to order them from America as we don’t have many options in the UK. ‘I think she looks really cool in her goggles. She’s a very fashionable dog – she’s pretty photogenic, but I am biased. ‘But it does also make me a bit sad that she has to wear them for the rest of her life now.’ Megan adopted Cocoa and brought her back to the UK in 2013 after volunteering with a charity that finds homes for dogs in Greece. In 2021, Megan noticed a cloudiness in both of  Cocoa’s eyes. At first, she thought it could be cataracts, but her little bud was diagnosed with Pannus. Also known as chronic superficial keratitis, Pannus is a hereditary immune system condition that occurs as a result of ultraviolet damage to the corneas. Megan said: ‘Pannus is more common in America and hotter countries, but it seems not many people know about it in the UK. ‘I’m a dog walker, so we are out all day so that could be a factor, or it could be one of the breeds she’s mixed with that is more susceptible to Pannus. ‘The sun’s UV rays are higher than they used to be in the UK too so that could be a reason. ‘The vet suggested buying “doggles” which look like swimming goggles, but after some research, I decided to buy her Rex Specs as they don’t sit on each individual eye.’ Megan, who also lives with her rescue cat Bonny and her tree surgeon fiancé Paolo, 33, in Worthing, West Sussex, says that Cocoa is still a happy girl despite her condition. She said: ‘Cocoa is my life, we do everything together. I can’t imagine her not being a part of my life – she’s my best friend. ‘I’m getting married in July, and she’s going to be my dog of honour/ring bearer and walking down the aisle with me – my fiancé knows he comes second to Cocoa!’ MORE : Town living in fear of pair of chihuahuas that even bullied a police dog MORE : Sad dog who ‘spent all his time staring at the wall’ transforms in new home MORE : Rescue puppy who was skin and bone is now ‘living her best life’