Steve Buckley had been daydreaming about his perfect contemporary home for years, so when he finally had the chance to make his vision a reality, on an old taxicab site in a rural village outside the historic city of York, he was completely single-minded, especially when it came to the more unconventional features. ‘When the contractors turned up and I showed them my plans for the indoor winter garden, they thought I was nuts,’ says Steve, who runs a dry-lining company. ‘But when it was completed, they acknowledged it looked fantastic. I had made a decision not to compromise on any of the designs or materials I wanted, no matter how unusual or hard to source.’ Knutsford-born Steve had been living with his wife, Tyler, an American-born business writer a Inkwell Bids, and his teenage daughter, Isabel, at a converted barn nearby. While Steve owned part of a marina in York, a business partner owned a large plot of land with a taxi rank and commercial building on it, which had planning permission in place for a small bungalow to be built. ‘I asked if we could do a simple trade, as it seemed like the perfect site for my project,’ explains Steve. The five-acre plot in the village of Askham Bryan includes areas of dense woodland, fruit orchards and a large pond that attracts all manner of birdlife, all surrounded by greenbelt countryside. Its rural simplicity made it the ideal backdrop to the single-storey modernist home Steve could so clearly envision. Loving the residential work of the boundary-pushing Bedford-based architecture firm run by Nicolas Tye, Steve sought out a firm closer to home hat he felt could translate his vision into faultless floor plans. He settled on York-based Vincent & Brown who, in 2018, successfully gained planning consent from York City Council to demolish the disused commercial unit and build the new eco-friendly home, with an emphasis on spatial flow and the removal of barriers between home and garden. ‘I told them exactly what I wanted, down to every final detail,’ Steve says, ‘but I couldn’t do the architectural drawings myself.’ Designed with energy efficiency in mind, the 1,823sq ft three-bedroom home, completed in 2019, sits within a highly insulated, precision-engineered timber frame construction, with a palette of corten steel, Siberian larch and full-height glass walls that frame the landscape. Architectural tricks both ancient and futuristic have also been deployed. For example, there are rows of clerestory windows – positioned well above eye level – which were used in Egyptian temples, alongside new-age eco kit such as a mechanical ventilation heat recovery unit. Interiors are lavish yet understated. The full-height doorway opens into the natural limestone-tiled hallway and the leafy winter garden. Open-plan living space takes up at least half of the interior footprint: a contemporary fireplace is backed by timber cladding, and the chef’s kitchen is by Italian firm Giorgetti, with bespoke titanium cabinetry and burnished stainless-steel worktops. The main bathroom is more living space than wet room, with shimmery Venetian-plastered walls and abstract paintings, and a micro-cement shower. ‘I was on site every day, and always thinking ten steps ahead, so there wasn’t really anything too challenging about the build,’ Steve says. Tyler interjects. ‘The eight glass panels for the façade each weighed half a ton, and were being driven over from Switzerland. We decided to be in Florida while they were delivered, as I felt that had the potential for being a very stressful day.’ Tyler, who grew up in a military family, spending much of her childhood in the southern states of the US, says her contribution to the house was largely the interior décor. ‘As the style of the home isn’t in keeping with most British houses, I sourced furniture from across Europe, which was a lot of fun,’ she says. ‘I found the Brazilian, 1970s orange sofa in the Netherlands, for example.’ A completely bespoke home automation system by Art of Smart, including a cinema with seven speakers hidden in the main reception room ceiling, and app controls for everything from lighting to opening windows and turning on the fire, have revolutionised the Buckleys’ lives. ‘It’s one of the best decisions we ever made,’ Steve says. ‘I am severely dyslexic, and was a bit worried about using the controls, but it is completely tailored to our individual needs, and easy to use. Plus it is straightforward to tweak – the guys from Art of Smart say they will come out to show the next owners of the home how to set it up to work around their lifestyle.’ Despite their love of the home, the Buckleys have put it on the market for £1.1m with The Modern House. Having suffered a heart attack recently, Steve says he has realised he needs a completely different lifestyle, so the couple are moving to the Thai island paradise of Koh Phangan, where they already own a house, and where they are planning tobuild another. All the furniture at their York home will be for sale by separate negotiation, although Steve hopes to ship out the trio of elongated oxidised copper lights, with their beautiful bluish-green patina, that hang over the dining room table. ‘When we lock the door to this place, we will simply be taking our suitcases directly to the plane, and starting over,’ he says. ‘I am so glad I finally got my vision built, though. Looking back, there is absolutely nothing I would have done differently.’ On sale for £1.1m via The Modern House. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What I Own: Property developer Richard, who built his own house after buying the land for £236,000 MORE : Tiny Italianate gatehouse with secret basement on sale for £225,000 MORE : Historic stables turned into a two-bedroom house on sale for £625,000