A splash of colour can make such a difference to a space. In fact, painting different rooms in certain colours can boost mood and wellbeing. But what about boring white appliances? It seems people have been getting creative with these recently by painting their fridges – to give their old and dated ones a new lease of life, without spending money on a newer model. DIY enthusiasts on TikTok and Instagram have been sharing their own fridge transformations recently – with pretty impressive results. Commenting on the trend, Mark Smithson – CEO of Marks Electrical – said: ‘We are, of course, big fans of customers getting the most out of their appliances and giving them a new lease of life if they’re not in the position to purchase something new. ‘There’s no reason why savvy “DIYers” can’t upgrade their appliances without having to spend money on something new and this trend is only good news for increasing the lifespan of kitchen appliances.’ However, it’s worth pointing out that giving a fridge a lick of paint is quite different to a wall or wooden surface. Michael Rolland, interiors expert and managing director of The Paint Shed, said: ‘Painting large kitchen appliances such as the refrigerator or a dishwasher is a fantastic way to upgrade an old kitchen appliance or change one to suit a new aesthetic, in a “cottagecore” kitchen for example, an existing silver fridge may not quite fit in with the new look. ‘It’s important, however, to make sure that the surface on the appliance, which is usually a high sheen, is prepped correctly and the appropriate paint is chosen.’ As a result, experts from  Marks Electrical have shared a few things to keep in mind – to ensure you get it right. Step 1: The first step is all-important preparations, so remove the handles and unplug the fridge and pop it in the middle of the room – so it’s easier to tackle from all sides. The Marks Electrical team say: ‘Remember fridges keep to the temperature once unplugged for about four hours, while freezers will last around 48 hours before starting to melt, so keep the doors closed. ‘Ensure that you keep this in mind if your appliance contains food, you may need to do the painting in stages so as not to waste or ruin the contents.’ Step 2: The next step is the sanding. Sand over the fridge with a 120-grit sandpaper and give it a thorough clean to remove any stains, grease, and leave the fridge to air dry. Also, avoid using a towel because it usually leaves lint behind and this could ruin the paint. Step 3: Then it’s time to prime the fridge. Be sure to use a magnetic primer for this as a base and ensure the room is well ventilated. Then cover in two coats until you’re happy with the look. The Paint Shed recommends the Zinsser 123 primer, as this will help the paint adhere to the surface better. Step 4: When picking your colour, it’s important to look for a formula that adheres to glossy surfaces. Then paint the fridge in two coats (using chalkboard paint and in between coats if you want to achieve a matt finish). Also, go outside to spray paint the fridge handles in your colour of choice – as this is safer than doing it in the house due to paint fumes. Step 5: After the fridge and handles have dried, carefully put it all back together. And, finally don’t forget to plug your fridge back in. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Dopamine décor: How to make colour work in your home MORE : Make your bathroom look more expensive with this simple hack MORE : How to make a room look and feel more expensive, according to interior experts