Disney has reportedly restored a scene featuring a same-sex kiss into the Toy Story prequel Lightyear, following the outrage about Florida’s ‘Don’t Say Gay’ bill. LGBT employees and allies at Pixar are said to have sent a letter to Disney bosses claiming that the company had censored ‘overtly gay affection’ in its films. Variety reports that, following the letter, a same-sex kiss that was cut from Lightyear (which will star Chris Evans as Buzz) has been restored. The scene will see two female characters, one of which is named Hawthorne and voiced by Uzo Aduba, share a kiss. LGBT representation in Disney – especially animated films – has been criticised in the past. In Beauty and the Beast, Josh Gad’s character was seen dancing with a man in a blink-and-you’ll-miss-it moment, while Lena Waithe’s character in Onward makes a passing reference to her wife in the film. Meanwhile, Toy Story has also had its own brief moment of representation – when two women were seen picking up a child at school in a fleeting moment in the background. Controversial anti-LGBT legislation, also known as the Don’t Say Gay bill, was recently passed in Florida, causing outrage. It will limit educators in the state from teaching young children about sexual orientation and gender identity. While many have critized the legislation, Disney was initially silent on the matter before CEO Bob Chapek suspended the company’s political donations in Florida. The Parental Right in Education bill will restrict schools in Florida from teaching students about sexual orientation and gender issues – with Republican politicians arguing that parents should be the ones to educate their children on these topics. Teachers could possibly face lawsuits and legal battles if they do not follow the controversial rules. The text of the legislation states: ‘Classroom instruction by school personnel or third parties on sexual orientation or gender identity may not occur in kindergarten through [third grade]’ or ‘in a manner that is not age appropriate or developmentally appropriate for students in accordance with state standards’ in other grades. It adds that parents ‘may bring an action against a school district to obtain a declaratory judgement’ and they may be awarded damages and legal fees if it is found that a school violated the bill. The Walt Disney Company, and CEO Chapek, had previously been slammed for appearing to stake a soft stance on the bill. Chapek later apologized for the company’s silence on the matter in a memo to staff members. Metro.co.uk has contacted Disney for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gabrielle Union slams Disney over controversial ‘don’t say gay’ bill: ‘The damage is done’ MORE : What order should you watch the Marvel Netflix shows – from Daredevil to Jessica Jones – as they land on Disney Plus? 