As the UK faces a huge surge in the cost of living, even money expert Martin Lewis is running out of ideas to help people. Normally he’s full of advice, but he says people simply tightening their belts would be enough to cushion against the crisis. He told BBC’s Sunday Morning: ‘We’re going to have about 10million people in fuel poverty. ‘We have a real, absolute – not relative – poverty issue going to come in the UK, with food banks oversubscribed, and debt crisis agencies do not have any tools. ‘I need to say, as the Money Saving Expert who’s been known for this, I am out of tools to help people now. ‘It’s not something money management can fix, it’s not something that for those on the lowest incomes telling them to cut their belts will work, we need political intervention.’ Mr Lewis, founder of the Money Saving Expert website, warned that even by a conservative estimate, there’s a prospect of energy bills going up by £1,300 by October. Chancellor Rishi Sunak has hinted that he could cut taxes when he delivers his Spring Statement in the House of Commons to give Brits some relief. He has also set up a cost of living unit within the Treasury to scrutinise policies for their impact on ordinary households. But with the war in Ukraine and the UK’s sanctions on Russia adding fuel to the fire, he warned his statement would include ‘challenging’ projections. ‘I’ve been the Money Saving Expert since 2000… I’ve been through the financial crash, I’ve been through Covid. This is the worst, where we are right now,’ said Mr Lewis. ‘I’m reading messages from people saying money prioritisation used to be, do I go to the hairdressers or do I go to the pub? ‘Now it’s about, I’m prioritising feeding my children over feeding myself. That is simply not tenable in our society. There is absolutely panic and it has not started yet.’ Despite the bleak outlook, Mr Sunak has said the public should not be ‘scared’ about rising energy costs. When asked if he was prepared to step in to offer people more support, he told Sunday Morning: ‘Of course I am, and people can judge me by my actions over the past two years. ‘Where we have been able to make a difference, I have tried to do that.’ When asked if the energy price cap was likely to rise substantially in October, the Chancellor said: ‘We don’t know and I don’t want people to be scared. ‘What we have is a price cap that will protect people all the way through to the autumn. ‘We’ve acted now to help them with the increase that is coming in, in April – the situation is obviously very volatile in Ukraine.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.