*Warning, spoilers for The Apprentice ahead!* The Apprentice candidate Akshay Thakrar finally saw himself booted out of the process on Thursday night but will definitely be taking up Lord Sugar’s offer to ‘stay in touch.’ Akshay was fired in dramatic scenes that aired on Thursday night after the remaining candidates took on the infamous TV shopping task. However, his team suffered yet another loss after failing to sell well live to the nation on one of the country’s leading shopping channels. After failing on eight out of the nine tasks – and being dubbed ‘a cat with nine lives’ – he finally waved goodbye to the idea of becoming the mogul’s next business partner in a fiery boardroom. And we’re so sad to see him go. Despite not making it all the way in the process, it seems Akshay is sure it won’t be the last he’ll see of Lord Sugar. Speaking to Metro.co.uk and other press, he said: ‘People keep saying I’m like a cat with 9 lives, but if you look at the reasons as to why the tasks failed, I wasn’t directly responsible for them and that’s just what I highlighted in the boardroom. ‘I stuck to the facts, kept it very clear and always kept it relevant to business. I think that’s why I survived so much, to be honest with you. I kept it to the point, I didn’t make it personal at any time, I highlighted what went wrong and Lord Sugar saw that.’ Asked how he felt about Lord Sugar’s remarks as he left the boardroom, he made it clear he hoped to work with the businessman in the future. Akshay shared: ‘100% I’ll stay in touch with Lord Sugar. I mean, it just made everything so worthwhile; I wouldn’t change a thing. ‘I think the fact that I went into the boardroom so many times allowed me to build some sort of bond with Lord Sugar in a weird way! Because I got so much time with him, he got to see a little bit more of me, and I literally sat there like a sponge just absorbing as much as I could; the way he talks, the way he moves, the way he makes decisions. ‘I will stay in touch, for sure. I am grateful because he hasn’t said that to anybody else.’ He also backed the Amstrad founder crowning more than one winner this year, urging the show’s creator to throw ‘a curveball.’ Akshay added: ‘I would love to see all of them win – maybe Lord Sugar will throw a total curveball this series! ‘All of them deserve to win and I think they all have the potential!’ But who will be the next contestant to be fired as the competition narrows even further? The Apprentice airs Thursdays from 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Fired Apprentice candidate Nick Showering confirms he wasn’t undercover comedian or Lord Sugar’s ‘third aide’ MORE : The Apprentice star Claude Littner ‘gearing up’ for return after horror accident forced absence 