The music world has been left heartbroken by the death of Foo Fighters star Taylor Hawkins at the age of 50, with tributes flooding in following the shocking news. The drummer’s death was announced on social media by the rock band, who have been left ‘devastated’ after he was found unresponsive in his hotel room in Bogota, Colombia, where the band was due to perform. Hawkins, 50, played in the Foos with former Nirvana drummer Dave Grohl on vocal for more than two decades, alongside Nate Mendel, Pat Smear, Chris Shiflett and Rami Jaffee. ‘The Foo Fighters family is devastated by the tragic and untimely loss of our beloved Taylor Hawkins,’ Foo Fighters official account tweeted. ‘His musical spirit and infectious laughter will live on with all of us forever. ‘Our hearts go out to his wife, children and family, and we ask that their privacy be treated with the utmost respect in this unimaginably difficult time.’ No further details about Hawkins’ death were provided, although local media outlets reported that Hawkins had been suffering from chest pain and an ambulance had been called. At the time of his death, Foo Fighters were on tour in South America. The band had played in San Isidro, Argentina, last Sunday and were due to perform in Bogota on Friday night – the day his death was announced. Blink-182 star Travis Barker paid tribute to his friend on Instagram in an emotional post, admitting: ‘I don’t have the words. ‘Sad to write this or to never see you again. I’ll never forget Laguna Beach days when I was a trash man playing in a punk rock band and you were playing with Alanis. You’d come watch me play in dive bars and be like, “kid you’re a star”. ‘And I thought you were crazy but you gave me so much hope and determination. Years later we toured together with Blink and Foo’s in Australia and I have the best memories of smoking cigarettes in the restroom of flights we were on together and watching your set every night. ‘To say I’ll miss you my friend isn’t enough. Till the next time we talk drums and smoke in the boys room … Rest In Peace.’ Ozzy Osbourne praised Hawkins as a ‘great person and an amazing musician,’ and promised to “see him on the other side.” ‘@TaylorHawkins was truly a great person and an amazing musician,’ Osbourne wrote on Twitter. ‘My heart, my love and my condolences go out to his wife, his children, his family, his band and his fans. ‘See you on the other side – Ozzy.’ The band Nickelback tweeted: ‘In utter disbelief at the news of Taylor Hawkins. Our deepest condolences to his family, his bandmates, his team, his friends and everyone that was ever touched by the music he created with @foofighters @Alanis and so many others. ‘This is so incredibly sad.’ Guns N’ Roses’ Axl Rose posted: ‘Shocked n’ saddened to hear of the passing of Taylor Hawkins. He was a really great guy, drummer n’ family man. Was always great to see him! Was looking forward to seeing him n’ everyone in Daytona. Truly saddened. My deepest condolences to his family, the Foo Fighters n’their fans.’ The Offspring posted that they were ‘shocked and saddened to hear of the loss of one of rock’s greatest drummers.’ ‘Our hearts go out to the family and friends of Taylor Hawkins tonight.’ Music producer Finneas, Billie Eilish’s brother, was ‘so heartbroken’ by the news. He tweeted: ‘What an incredible talent, who didn’t also need to be so kind and generous and cool but was all those things too anyway. The world was so lucky to have his gifts for the time that it did, Rest In Peace.’ Miley Cyrus announced on Instagram that she would be dedicating her concert tomorrow the drummer, sharing a black and white picture captioned: ‘This is how I’ll always remember you…’ She added to her Instagram story: ‘My favourite memory with Taylor is dancing around his drum kit while he played along to this song’, with the cover art of Pretenders’ 2006 hit Brass in Pocket. ‘Playing it on repeat imagining us laughing… Love forever’ she wrote. The Goonies actor Josh Brolin shared a closeup image of photo of Taylor, captioned with a simple and heartfelt ‘No’ with a crying emoji. Slash said he had ‘no words to express all the feelings I have’ about Hawkins’ death. The guitarist wrote online: ‘Devastated by the loss of our friend #TaylorHawkins I’ve no words to express all the feelings I have about his passing. ‘But my heart goes out to his family & his band & friends. RIP Taylor.’ Liam Gallaghar shared that he was ‘absolutely devastated adding: ‘my thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends RIP brother’. Former Beatles drummer Ringo Starr also expressed his condolences for Hawkins’ family and bandmates. ‘God bless Taylor,’ he wrote. ‘Peace and love to all his family and the band peace and love.’ Rage Against The Machine guitarist Tom Morello praised Hawkins’ ‘unstoppable rock power’ in his own online tribute. ‘God bless you Taylor Hawkins,’ he said, sharing a picture of them together. ‘I loved your spirit and your unstoppable rock power. Rest In Peace my friend.’ Sharing a picture of the musician on Twitter, Billy Idol wrote: ‘So tragic. Rest in peace Taylor.’ Good Charlotte’s Joel Madden simply wrote that he had ‘no words’ while adding a broken-hearted emoji. Richard Marx wrote that he was ‘gutted’ and revealed they had collaborated only recently. He wrote on Twitter: ‘Gutted. Completely gutted. We just recorded something together a month ago. Can’t even process this right now. Let’s hold Taylor wife and children close to our hearts.’ Full House star John Stamos shared his final conversation with Taylor: ‘This was Taylor Hawkin’s last text to me: “Ya We’ve yet to fully have a hang -Got a put that s*** together before we die” Wise words from my friend- put that s*** together! I’m so f***ing sad. Another one gone too soon,’ he wrote. American record producer Steve Albini wrote that Hawkins was a ‘terrific drummer with a gorgeous disposition’, adding that his death had left music ‘duller and smaller’. Brian May, the guitarist of Queen, wrote on Instagram: ‘No. It cannot be. Heartbroken. Taylor, you were family to us. Our friend, our brother, our beloved child. Bless you. We will miss you so bad.’ Pictures on social media showed fans gathering in front of the stage at the Estereo Picnic festival, with lit candles being placed on stage. The band were scheduled to perform at the Grammys on April 3 and were due to begin a new tour of North America in May. Hawkins joined Foo Fighters in 1997 following the departure of the band’s previous drummer William Goldsmith. He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame with them in 2021 by Sir Paul McCartney. Following the release of their most recent album, Medicine At Midnight, the band filmed a spoof-horror film titled Studio 666, in which Hawkins starred alongside his bandmates. Prior to joining Foo Fighters he had played drums for Alanis Morissette. Tributes to Hawkins poured in immediately on social media from fellow musicians including Ozzy Osbourne and Billy Idol. Hawkins was born in Fort Worth, Texas, in 1972 and raised in Laguna Beach, California. He is survived by his wife Alison and their three children. MORE : From touring with Alanis Morissette to close bond with ‘best friend’ Dave Grohl: Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins’ incredible career as he dies aged 50 MORE : Ozzy Osbourne and Travis Barker lead tributes to Foo Fighters’ Taylor Hawkins after his death aged 50: ‘To say I’ll miss you my friend isn’t enough’  