This is the moment a £12million Russian missile system burns in a field after Ukrainian villagers reportedly seized it and set it ablaze. The villagers who captured the vehicle said enemy soldiers were forced to flee ‘like rats’. They filmed the video near the city of Bashtanka in the southern Ukrainian region  of Mykolaiv Oblast on March 1. Vladimir Putin’s forces have been met with fiercer resistance from civilians than they expected and are thought to be way behind schedule. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Russian troops are reportedly running out of essential supplies such as food and fuel as their leader’s hopes of a quick victory evaporate. Boris Filatov, 49, mayor of the city of Dnipro, shared images of the burning Pantsir-C missile system on social media, claiming that farmers seized and destroyed the vehicle. He added: ‘I usually cannot stand victorious scene, sabre-rattling and hat throwing. War is terrible grief, but these people (farmers) cannot be defeated. ‘Today, collective farmers from Bashtanka, without realising it, took and burned the latest Pantsir-C system worth USD 15 million. The proud mayor added: ‘The “winning people” (Russians) ran across the Ukrainian fields like rats. Good night my country.’ The Pantsir missile system is a group of medium-range missile and anti-aircraft systems produced by KBP Instrument Design Bureau in Tula, Russia. The surface-to-air missile system was designed to offer defence against fighter planes, helicopters, UAVs, and precision missiles as well as provide protection to units under air attack. One Facebook follower commented: ‘Guys, all of Ukraine is proud of you.’ It comes after video footage showed an abandoned Russian tank being towed away by a Ukrainian farmer using a tractor. Unconfirmed reports suggest the tank, which looks like a ML-TB, a Soviet-era multipurpose fully amphibious auxiliary armoured tracked vehicle, had run out of fuel. Sharing the clip, which has been viewed more than 5million times across the world, Tory MP Johhny Mercer wrote: ‘No expert, but the invasion doesn’t seem to be going particularly well.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 