Joe Root insists the decision on his future as England captain maybe out of his own hands after his side suffered a humiliating defeat to West Indies. England had little answers to their opponents, losing by 10-wickets on the fourth day of the third Test to lose the series 1-0. Root’s tenure as captain will only intensify now with England now losing four Test series in a row and are currently without a win in nine matches. The 31-year-old insists he is determined to get his team back to their best with their support but the decision may be out of his control. ‘I think I’ve made it quite clear at the start of this game and the start of this tour, I’m very passionate about trying to take this team forward. I will control what I can,’ Root said when discussing the captaincy. Asked if the decision is in his hands or someone else’s, he added: ‘I don’t think it’s ever in your own hands completely, is it? ‘As I said, I feel like the group are very much behind me. We’re doing a lot of really good things and we just need to turn that into results now.’ England started the day with a 10-run lead on 103-8 but the hosts had them all out for 120, taking the remaining two wickets inside the hour. West Indies wasted no time in reaching their target of 28 and within five overs they had their hands on the Richards-Botham trophy. With England bottom of the World Test Championship table, Root was asked for his thoughts on where they need to improve. ‘I think we’ve got to show more frequently, like we did in the first day of the first Test, the first innings,’ Root said. ‘When we find ourselves in those situations, people stand up and get us to a total which is competitive. So we’ve shown that we can do, but we need to do it more frequently. That’s the frustration. ‘I thought the attitude throughout the whole thing has been brilliant. In that respect we’ve definitely made big improvements – and that has to continue, that has to keep going. ‘As I say, there were so many good things that we can take away from this. Of course, we’ve come here to win… and we’ve not and that’s frustrating and disappointing. ‘But if we’re going to keep learning and keep growing as a team, and if we’re going to start winning, then we have to keep that approach. ‘We have to keep doing the stuff that we did so well in the first two games and in parts of this one. ‘I think we’ve learnt more about some new players, the two debutants that have come in have shown promise, they’re at the start of their journey now and that’s very exciting. So we will take things away from this, but it’s frustrating.’ MORE : England must learn from naive mistakes to prevent more frustration in West Indies finale MORE : Michael Vaughan blasts England after dismal ‘capitulation’ in West Indies series decider For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 