They said it would never happen, but a James Bond small screen spin-off is actually coming to Amazon Prime in 2023. Fans saw Daniel Craig back for one last hurrah as the iconic spy, when No Time To Die finally hit cinemas late last year. But while fans speculate who might replace him, there’s another reason to get excited already. A new TV series is in the works titled 007’s Road to a Million – thought to be a Bond-style spin on a race around the world. The show will be produced by Britain’s 72 Films, who produced documentaries such as The Rise of the Murdoch Dynasty and All or Nothing: Tottenham Hotspur. It’s been reported Bond producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson are also attached to the project. According to Variety, production on the show will begin later this year, before launching on Amazon Prime Video. David Glover, the founder of 72 Films, told the publication: ‘I first had this idea over three years ago. Dan Grabiner and the U.K. Originals team took it to a whole other level. ‘To be working with Michael Wilson and Barbara Broccoli and the Bond franchise is a privilege and a dream come true.’ Casting is already underway for the programme and applicants are being invited to send in submissions online. The show will look to offer a £1 million cash prize and take place in a variety of famous Bond locations from past films. The contestants are set to face challenges across the world as they compete in pairs to face some huge physical obstacles as well as have their mental endurance tested. It comes amid increased speculation over who might take over as the next incarnation of the international spy. Favourites so far include James Norton, Idris Elba and Henry Cavill – but who will be revealed as the next 007? Metro.co.uk has contacted Amazon Prime for further information on the reports. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Meet the Bridgerton children: Who are the eight siblings? MORE : Jackass star Chris Pontius opens up on terrifying shark attack that left Poopies’ arm ‘dangling by the tendons’ 