The Metropolitan Police’s approach to tackling corruption is ‘not fit for purpose’, a report has found. The force has failed to learned lessons from the murder of private investigator Daniel Morgan, and its procedures for rooting out corrupt staff are ‘fundamentally flawed’ according to damning findings published today. In response to the report, the Met apologised to Mr Morgan’s family and said there was ‘clearly much more work to do when it comes to tackling corruption’. Mr Morgan was killed with an axe in the car park of the Golden Lion pub in Sydenham, south-east, London, in 1987. Despite numerous Met investigations, the case remains unsolved. The Home Secretary called in Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services (HMICFRS) after an independent inquiry into how the Met handled Mr Morgan’s case found it was institutionally corrupt. The inquiry found the force had concealed or denied failings to protect its reputation. Inspector of Constabulary Matt Parr said that the Met had ‘sometimes behaved in ways that make it appear arrogant, secretive and lethargic’ and that the watchdog’s 20 recommendations for change must be ‘among the commissioner’s highest priorities’ in order to restore public trust in the force. He said: ‘It is unacceptable that 35 years after Daniel Morgan’s murder, the Metropolitan Police has not done enough to ensure its failings from that investigation cannot be repeated. ‘In fact, we found no evidence that someone, somewhere, had adopted the view that this must never happen again. ‘This will be understandably distressing for Mr Morgan’s family and friends, to whom we send our condolences. ‘We found substantial weaknesses in the Met’s approach to tackling police corruption.’ He said from ‘failing to properly supervise police officers who have previously committed offences’ to ‘inadequate vetting procedures’ the force’s current arrangements are ‘not fit for purpose’. ‘The Met’s apparent tolerance of these shortcomings suggests a degree of indifference to the risk of corruption,’ Inspector Parr said. The damning report found that in the last two years, the Met had recruited people with criminal connections and more than 100 who had committed offences. It said while some of these decisions ‘may have been justifiable’ the Met ‘failed to properly supervise these people to lessen the risks’. The force reportedly does not know whether all those working in highly sensitive positions such as child protection, major crime investigation and informant handling have received proper security vetting. It also found more than 2,000 warrant cards issued to personnel who had since left the force were unaccounted for and procedures around storing property and exhibits to be ‘dire’. Commenting on the report Priti Patel said she was ‘very disappointed that serious issues still persist’. ‘Standards must be immediately improved,’ she said. ‘I expect the Mayor of London and the new Commissioner to reverse these deficiencies as a matter of urgency.’ The watchdog said the Met’s ‘capability to investigate the most serious corruption allegations is particularly impressive, and other police forces regularly call on their expertise’. It noted the force had reduced the number of staff who were not security vetted and praised its confidential reporting line. The inspection also found ‘no evidence of any deliberate or co-ordinated attempts’ by the Met to ‘frustrate’ the work of the Morgan inquiry. It said that although there was much to criticise, based on this inspection ‘it would not describe the Met as institutionally corrupt’. The Met said it welcomed today’s report and ‘there is a lot we need to improve on.’ In a statement, the force insisted it has not given up on Mr Morgan’s case. It said: ‘There is clearly much more work to do when it comes to tackling corruption in its widest sense. We are absolutely committed to this. ‘We are deeply concerned at the criticisms in the report on our approach to countering corruption and are urgently reviewing our systems and processes. ‘On homicide, our investigations are unrecognisable from three decades ago and we have one of the highest detection rates of any police service in the UK. ‘But other areas, which include criticism of our professional standards model, failures in how we store criminal property and exhibits, and the lack of monitoring of business interests and declarable associations, are extremely disappointing.’ The mayor of London Sadiq Khan said the police inspectorate’s report into the Met was deeply worrying. ‘It is crystal clear to me that action needs to be taken at the highest levels of the Met in order to regain the trust and confidence of Londoners. ‘Corruption has no place in the police service and with the failure to take adequate action, it’s another reason confidence in our police almost at an all-time low.’ Mr Khan, who ousted the Met’s former commissioner Dame Cressida Dick in February, said the force’s leadership needed to do much more to improve its integrity. ‘Public trust and confidence in the police is essential and the Met must now deliver on all of the recommendations contained in the HMICFRS report, he said. ‘The public need to see real change – and I will not hesitate in holding the Met to account in delivering it.’ Last week Mr Morgan’s family – who are suing the Met – claimed a ‘culture of corruption’ continues to ‘flourish at the highest ranks’ of the police force. The comments came as the force continued to reject findings that it was institutionally corrupt, instead insisting it can be the ‘police service that London deserves’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.