Carol Vorderman, John Terry and more were spotted out and about on the final day of the Cheltenham Festival. The stars were out for one last day at the races on Friday with AJ Pritchard and his girlfriend Abbie Quinnen almost among the celebs dressed to impressed and making the most of the sun. Countdown legend Carol, 61, oozed style and looked as youthful as ever stepped out in a dark tan blazer over a slightly sheer black top. The clear blue skies were deceptive, as the star – who presented the Channel 4 show for 26 years – kept warm with a pair of black leather gloves, and completed the chic look with a stunning tweed-detail peacock fascinator. As ever, it’s a star-studded affair with famous faces soaking up the action with the Cheltenham Gold Cup set to be held at 3:30pm. Retired Chelsea star John Terry stepped out with his wife Toni as they were spotted wandering round the concourse, with his partner stunning in a black shirt and form-fitting pants with a red plaid coat to match her belt. Meanwhile, the former England defender kept it cool with a blue jacket and tie, completing the look with beige chinos and brown leather dress shoes. Former Strictly pro AJ and his partner Abbie were also among the punters on Friday, and the dancer looked effortlessly cool in a smart blue suit and shades. And Abbie was all smiles as she walked by his side, opting for a spring-blossom pink trouser suit. John was spotted talking to fashion designer Jade Holland Cooper – whom The Times has called ‘Mrs Cheltenham’ for her role as its ‘main outfitter’ – at the event, while she was seen beaming with Pixie Lott. The singer – who was just by husband Oliver Cheshire – looked incredible at the races as she wore a Jade-designed cape/coat in a bold black and white dogtooth check pattern. The Queen’s granddaughter Zara Tindall added some royal flair to proceedings, and she looked to be in great spirits as she arrived with her father, Captain Mark Phillips. Zara sported an elegant burgundy coat and black headpiece with a stunning floral display. Model Rosie Tapner was among the guests spotted enjoying their day, as was Made In Chelsea star Sophie Hermann, who appeared to be holding onto her hat as she walked in the sun. She paired a tartan coat with a pair of matching high-waisted shorts, completing the look with a simple black top. Meanwhile, she wasn’t the only MIC star in attendance as Ollie Locke stepped out with his husband Gareth. Ollie looked very stylish in a smart navy jumper and beige coat, but his man might have stolen the show with a long checked coat worn over an adorable top with a tuxedo-clad teddy bear sipping on a cocktail. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Georgia Toffolo thanks ‘beginner’s luck’ for £37,500 win on bet at Cheltenham as she promises charity donation MORE : Sir Rod Stewart, Richard Hammond, James Haskell and Chloe Madeley lead celebs flocking to Cheltenham races 