Formula 1 team Haas have terminated the contract of Russian driver Nikita Mazepin and called for peace in Ukraine. American-owned Haas have also split with title sponsor Uralkali, a Russian fertiliser company part-owned by Mazepin’s father, with immediate effect as the war in eastern Europe continues. The FIA were last week considering barring Mazepin, 23, from competing in this season’s F1 championship, after the International Olympic Committee recommended sports bans for all Russian and Belarusian athletes from international events. They ultimately decided not to ban Mazepin and instead said he would be allowed to compete under a neutral flag, but the driver has now been dropped by his team. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘Haas F1 team has elected to terminate, with immediate effect, the title partnership of Uralkali, and the driver contract of Nikita Mazepin,’ a statement read. ‘As with the rest of the Formula 1 community, the team is shocked and saddened by the invasion of Ukraine and wishes for a swift and peaceful end to the conflict.’ Mazepin’s father Dmitry is an oligarch with close links to Vladimir Putin and attended a one-to-one meeting with the Russian President on the same day he launched a military invasion of Ukraine. Former Russian F1 driver Daniil Kvyat wants his compatriot to be allowed to keep racing. He said on social media earlier this week: ‘I also would like to highlight and address all sports federations across the world including [the] IOC that sport should remain outside politics and disallowing Russian athletes and teams from participating in world competitions is an unfair solution and goes against what sport teaches us in its principle – the unity and peace. ‘Who else if not us sports people will help to glue nations together in the upcoming times?’ Mazepin finished bottom of the driver standings in last season’s F1 championship after failing to make the podium. Max Verstappen beat Lewis Hamilton to the title in controversial circumstances. On Friday, the FIA confirmed Mazepin would need to sign a document forbidding him from voicing support for Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in order to compete in the sport this season. They said all drivers must agree to its principles of peace and neutrality and ‘acknowledge the strong commitment made by the FIA to stand in solidarity with the people of Ukraine, the Federation Automobile d’Ukraine, and all of those suffering as a result of the ongoing conflict’. Mazepin was the grid’s sole Russian driver and F1 has already terminated its contract with the Russian Grand Prix. The new Formula One season starts in Bahrain on March 20. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 