Macy Gray, Sisqo, Michael Bolton and Jewel are just some of the names ready to compete in the debut series of American Song Contest. In a take on the Eurovision Song Contest, 56 artists from across the nation will be competing to find America’s favorite song. There are some huge stars jumping straight into the competition for the pride of their home state, battling it out against lesser-known musicians. Macy will be representing Ohio while Thong Song legend Sisqo is performing for Maryland. Connecticut is represented by Michael as Jewel are hitting the stage for Alaska. Jordan Smith will be singing for Kentucky, and is no stranger to TV competitions, after winning The Voice in 2015. But who will nab the crown? Atlantic Records is serving as the music partner for the series, with the original songs featured on the program released weekly. ‘Atlantic Records is thrilled to partner with NBC and all the artists competing on ‘American Song Contest,’ Atlantic Records President, West Coast Kevin Weaver said in a statement. ‘As an innovative music label, we are always looking for new ways to discover and showcase talent, and American Song Contest is the perfect stage for America to see the best of the best from each state and territory. ‘We are honored to be working with NBC, all of the incredibly talented artists and the entire American Song Contest team.’ American Song Contest will have a similar format to Eurovision, featuring performances from musicians representing all 50 states, the five US territories and the American capital. A solo artist, duo or band will perform an original track in three rounds to win the vote for the best song, with the competitors to be named at a later date. The shiny new competition will kick off on March 21 and air on Mondays, before a grand finale on May 9 – just before the Eurovision Song Contest in Turin. Snoop Dogg and Kelly Clarkson were confirmed to take on hosting duties last month, and will also serve as executive producers. ‘I am honoured to host American Song Contest alongside my lil sis Kelly Clarkson, aka Miss Texas,’ Snoop said of the project. Kelly added: ‘I have been a fan and love the concept of Eurovision and am thrilled to bring the musical phenomenon to America. ‘I’m so excited to work with Snoop and can’t wait to see every state and territory represented by artists singing their own songs.’ The competition was first announced last year as Martin Österdahl, the executive supervisor of Eurovision said in a statement: ‘For 65 years the Eurovision Song Contest has connected people far and wide. ‘As owners of this hugely successful format, we have seen how it has found a place in millions of hearts across Europe and beyond. ‘Now we are excited to have found the perfect partners to share this unique competition and its passionate celebration of music and original songs with the American people.’ American Song Contest launches on March 21. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE boss Vince McMahon will induct Undertaker into the Hall of Fame Class of 2022 MORE : Dancing On Ice 2022: Connor Ball compares gruesome leg injury to ‘shark bite’ following latest blade accident 