Divorce can be an incredibly difficult time for both parents and children. So anything that can make things less disruptive for a family is favoured. This is where the ‘birdnesting’ trend comes into play: the idea of children staying put in their family home and parents rotating in – rather than kids moving between properties. Family lawyer Jennifer Curtis says: ‘At the heart of a birdnesting arrangement is providing the children of a marriage with a secure and stable base, while also ensuring the benefit from having both parents involved in their lives. ‘Rather than the “traditional” arrangement where each parent has a home that the children move between, birdnesting is where the children live in one home, and the parents come and go depending on the agreed care arrangements.’ And it seems to be an option that more parents are considering – with a view of keeping things as amicable as possible and having less of a negative effect on children. Experts have shared some pointers for things to think about if they are seriously considering birdnesting as an option for co-parenting – as well as some other things to keep in mind. This is what they had to say… Family mediator Louisa Whitney says it’s important to think about the practical realities of where each parent will live when they’re not at the home with the children. She says: ‘Will you each have your own space?  What does this look like – will you be with a family member or are you living with a new partner?’ These are all things to think about beforehand. Louisa continues: ‘It helps if you can have separate spaces outside the home rather than having two homes and moving between the two (e.g. if parents have another small flat they use as a base then they are each sharing that space too). ‘Sharing the same place away from the children too can be particularly tricky if either person meets a new partner. But it can also present issues in terms of having private spaces for your things.’ Louisa adds it’s vital to establish what’s expected from each person, in terms of chores and sorting out things like washing, cleaning and school admin. She says: ‘Talk and talk some more so you’re each clear about the day to day managing of chores and responsibilities. ‘If all the homework gets left for one parent to help with, or the bathroom is always dirty then resentments can build up. ‘It’s important to be clear about this from the outset but also to talk regularly to navigate any issues that have cropped up. ‘Communication also helps to ensure that certain tasks don’t fall through the gaps e.g. your child isn’t reading with either parent because each thinks the other is doing it.’ ‘As with many aspects of amicable separation, communication is key,’ adds Jennifer. ‘It is important for the adults to be open and honest about their expectations. ‘It is also vital to communicate effectively with the children – it can be easy to assume that because they have one base, they will be less affected but children still need the same reassurance about who will be picking them up from school, for example.’ It’s also crucial that birdnesting works for everyone. Louisa adds: ‘Talk between yourselves as parents but also talk to your children and share with each other what they’re saying (or talk to them together if you can). ‘Is it still working for both of you? Is it working for your children? What do they like about it? What do they feel could work better for them? ‘Having these conversations calmly, constructively and compassionately means you can check that everybody is OK with how things are working and make changes to address any issues.’ While it might sound like a positive option for co-parenting, experts stress that birdnesting won’t often work as a long-term option. Jennifer explains: ‘I have yet to see it work effectively as a long-term solution, but it has certainly brought a number of benefits in the short term for some of our clients. ‘The difficulty is the level of connection it maintains between the adults – emotionally they may need to feel a sense of “moving on” or “starting afresh” and if the nest used is the family home, this may be difficult for them to achieve. ‘Consideration needs to be given to the nest that’s used – on the one hand a jointly-owned property might help to achieve a balance between the parents in terms of responsibilities, but it does create the need for further dialogue.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Psychologist shares five signs your relationship is over MORE : How to recover from a toxic relationship MORE : Eight issues that spell the end of a relationship, according to experts