A panto star has dropped a bombshell claim about the Queen – just months before the monarch celebrates her Platinum Jubilee. Rumours about Her Majesty’s health have been swirling ahead of her 70th anniversary of service in June. Christopher Biggins, said to be a friend to the Royal Family, who is best known for his acting career, claimed Queen Elizabeth has been cancelling her engagements because she does not want people to see her using a wheelchair. Speaking on GB News this morning, he said: ‘It’s a real worry and I hope she is able to make her anniversary celebrations because it is not that far off. ‘I have heard that the reason she is not doing a lot of the events that she should be doing and cancelling them is because she is in a wheelchair. ‘She doesn’t want to be seen because she’s very proud. She has been like this for the whole of her life.’ Mr Biggins also pointed out that Princess Margaret, the Queen’s younger sister, also used one after scalding her feet, which he branded ‘awfully embarrassing’. Similar claims were also made on ITV’s This Morning by Gogglebox star and former MP Gyles Brandreth. ‘She doesn’t like the idea of being seen in public in a wheelchair’, he said. ‘Her sister, Princess Margaret was often towards the end of her life photographed in a wheelchair and it felt a little bit undignified. ‘The Duke of Edinburgh was very proud of his excellent posture, he exercised every day right until the very end and the Queen likes that idea. ‘So, she doesn’t want to be photographed in a wheelchair.’ Comments about her ‘loss of dignity’ sparked a backlash on social media, with people arguing that it is a ‘dreadful’ view of disabilities. Twitter user Sally posted: ‘This Morning I was surprised to hear such a dreadful view of disability today re the Queen potentially using a wheelchair, referred to as “loss of dignity”. ‘How does this view fare for individuals that use a wheelchair? What about other elders too!’? It comes after Metro.co.uk reported last week that a £20,000 ‘wheelchair-friendly’ lift has been installed for the 95-year-old at the Craigowan Lodge on the Queen’s Balmoral Estate. Previously home to Prince Charles and Princess Diana when they visited, the seven-bedroom hideaway will also have a new security gate, a state-of-the-art intercom system and a string of CCTV cameras installed. It has been claimed that the Queen is now planning to spend more time at her favourite Highlands cottage. Royal insiders also revealed that Buckingham Palace has planned a ‘military-style’ operation to get the Queen to Prince Philip’s memorial service out of view from paparazzi cameras. Buckingham Palace did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Metro.co.uk. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.