Residents in Kyiv have been digging trenches and setting up barricades to prepare for a long-feared all-out attack from Vladimir Putin’s forces. Russia appears to be getting set to attack and isolate the Ukrainian capital, where air raid sirens sounded on Saturday morning amid warnings from Western defence officials that soldiers are likely to attempt an encirclement. Meanwhile, Russia attacked an air base near Poland as the Ukrainian President warned that new ‘pseudo-Republics’ could be declared in his country. Satellite images taken by a private US firm also show a large Russian military convoy was continuing to deploy closer to the capital. Ukrainian presidential adviser Mykhailo Podolyak described Kyiv as a ‘city under siege’ but stressed that ‘delivery of supplies has been established’, and that ‘checkpoints are charged, focused and professional’. Away from the capital, there were reports of loud explosions near Lviv in western Ukraine, around 50 miles from the border with Poland, in the early hours of this morning. Eight rockets were fired at the Yaroviv military range, 19 miles north-west of the city, the regional administration said. Defence minister Oleksii Reznikov confirmed Russian artillery had hit the International Peacekeeping and Security Centre (IPSC), adding that information about victims is being clarified. ‘Foreign instructors work here’, he wrote in an update on Twitter. ‘This is now terrorist attack on peace and security near the EU-NATO border.’ Russian forces may have also hit an airbase in Ivano-Frankivsk in western Ukraine early on Sunday morning, according to the city’s mayor Ruslan Martsinkiv. In a Facebook post published just before 7.30am local time, he said: ‘According to preliminary information, this morning’s explosions were from an attack at the airport.’ The intensified bombardment on Ukrainian cities comes after a warning from president Volodomyr Zelensky about the formation of a ‘pseudo-Republic’ in the south of his country. Mr Zelensky said Russians were using blackmail and bribery in an attempt to force local officials to form a ‘pseudo-Republic’ in the southern Kherson region, much like those in Donetsk and Luhansk. Protection for the two eastern regions where pro-Russian separatists began fighting Ukrainian forces in 2014 was used as a pretext by Putin to start the war. After more than two weeks of Russia’s invasion, the president, who has continued to rally his people with a series of addresses from Lyiv, said Ukraine had ‘already reached a strategic turning point’. He said: ‘It is impossible to say how many days we still have to free Ukrainian land. ‘But we can say we will do it. We are already moving towards our goal, our victory.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.