Prince Andrew is unlikely to play a formal role in the service to mark the 40th anniversary of The Falklands War despite him he seeing active service in the conflict. At the age of 22, the Duke of York became a Sea King helicopter pilot on the aircraft carrier HMS Invincible, after Argentine forces invaded the British overseas territory. He earned high regard for his bravery during the invasion, which lasted 74 days, and has retained a link with the Royal Navy ever since, holding the rank of vice admiral. Over the years, the Queen’s second son has often joined other Falklands veterans at commemorative services. Regardless, many Brits now associate him more with being accused of raping Virginia Giuffre when she was 17. The incident allegedly happened while she was the victim of a trafficking ring orchestrated by billionaire paedophile Jeffry Epstein and former socialite Ghislaine Maxwell. As a result, Andrew was forced to settle the civil sex case outside of court, even though he strenuously denied the accusations, claiming he had no memory of ever meeting Ms Giuffre. A month before the arrangement, he was stripped of his military affiliations and royal patronages with the approval of his mother. His roles were handed back to the Queen with immediate effect for redistribution to other members of the royal family. Since then, the disgraced royal has continued to withdraw from public life. There were rumours he might use the anniversary tribute to fallen comrades in the summer for a public comeback, but there have been no announcements from Buckingham Palace yet. In November last year, Daily Mail diary editor Richard Eden said this could be his way for a return to public life. Quoting a source, he said: ‘The Duke is determined to take part in the Falklands commemorations. ‘The Falklands was a key moment in his life and he wants to honour his fallen comrades. He hopes this could help pave the way for a return to public life.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Prince Andrew for a comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.