Martin Lewis is urging Brits to submit their meter readings today to avoid being stung by the April price hike. Energy bills are set to increase by 54% from Friday as the price cap jumps by an eye-watering £700. It’s understandably an anxious time for millions of families, but there is one thing you can do before tomorrow. The Money Saving Expert said submitting your gas and electricity readings to your supplier today will show them exactly how much energy you have used. This will prevent firms from estimating usage and potentially charging for energy used before April 1 at the much higher rate. Many people appear to have got the message already and are flooding the websites of major energy suppliers. A wave of sites crashed as a result this morning, with British Gas, EDF, E.On, Shell Energy, Scottish Power, So Energy and Octopus Energy all said to be experiencing problems. One supplier, E.On Next, even blamed Mr Lewis for its website going down. In a now-deleted tweet replying to journalist Kate Baldock, E.On Next said: ‘Unfortunately the website and phone lines of every supplier are being hammered today. Martin has once again created unprecedented demand bringing down Britain.’ The presumed ‘joke’ went down like a lead balloon on Twitter. ‘Just to be clear, you’re blaming your non-functional website on Martin Lewis for telling people to access it,’ comedian James Felton wrote. Mr Lewis even got involved, retweeting a screenshot of the PR nightmare, before it was deleted by the energy company. Along with submitting a meter reading today, households are advised to send regular readings, ideally on the same date each month. This should prevent suppliers from estimating and overcharging your usage as we move into the summer months and use less heating. The energy price cap for default tariffs is rising by £693 from £1,277 to £1,971 from April 1. Prepayment customers will see a bigger jump, going up £708, from £1,309 to £2,017. Ofgem was forced to hike the energy price cap to a record £1,971 for a typical household as gas prices soared to unprecedented highs. Fuel poverty charity National Energy Action (NEA) warned the cost of heating an average home has now doubled in 18 months, leaving 6.5 million households unable to live in a warm safe home across the UK. NEA chief executive Adam Scorer said: ‘This is the biggest energy price shock in living memory. ‘Millions of people will be priced out of adequate levels of heating and power. For all the anticipation of these price rises, many people on the lowest incomes will be crushed by the reality. ‘Quality of life for millions of people will plummet. Warm homes, cooked food, hot water, clean clothes – all cut back or cut out. Debt will spiral. Physical and mental health will suffer.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.