Do you dream of living the luxury life on water? A luxury floating home perfect for entertaining on the river is currently on the market for £700,000. No expense has been spared on the Scandinavian design for the 98ft Luxemotor Dutch Barge, which even has an underfloor wine cellar. The barge was designed by Dutch marine architect Jan Visser with the current owners. It was built in 2016 before being sailed across the North Sea to its mooring in London. It is currently anchored at Plantation Wharf in Battersea and a 122-year mooring is also available to purchase separately. The boat has 1,344 sq ft of accommodation with a wheel house and dining room on the upper deck. On the lower deck, there’s a kitchen with reception room. It’s got lots of storage, a bedroom with an en-suite bathroom at the back of the boat and two other bedrooms with another bathroom at the front of the boat. The wheelhouse has 360-degree views and opens onto a substantial rear deck. A direct connection to pontoon facilities allows for mains electricity, automatic pump out of sewage, mains water and a BT telephone line. Two of the bedrooms are large doubles. The third contains two bunk beds, but could be adapted into an office. The property is being sold by RiverHomes. Nicholas Austin, from the company, described the barge as a ‘fine example’ of a ‘fully functional, luxury floating home.’ ‘[It’s] also quite capable of cruising the European waterways,’ he adds. ‘It’s a replica barge, the same as a traditional Dutch barge, but a brand new build. ‘It’s incredibly practical. This boat has been built to be like a luxury flat.’ People who buy in Plantation Wharf are generally full-time users who choose to buy a boat instead of a house. ‘This is an incredibly secure mooring and it’s a beautiful area,’ Nicholas says. There’s a quirkiness of owning something like this with the same security as owning a flat – it’s also quite appealing. The only difference is you have pump out suction for the toilets and a pump on the shower to pump the water out. Nicholas recommends getting a few courses before taking the floating house out for a spin. He sees ‘all sorts of buyers’ for properties like this. ‘Older couples whose kids have moved out to people who want something in the city Monday-Friday and then spend their weekend in a country place,’ Nicholas says. ‘It’s something a bit different.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Man buys 65ft long military tugboat on second date – now the couple and their baby live on it MORE : Mum creates floating bed by herself in five hours and it cost just £160 MORE : Century-old Dutch sailing barge in central London on sale for £278,000