Spring is here and that means long weekends are back on the cards. Whether you’re popping to Paris for a few days of wine and cheese, nipping to Lisbon to get an early blast of sunshine, or keeping it local on the coast in the UK, you’ll need a stylish bag to make the trip that bit easier. And while practicality is certainly important – we want compartments for our toiletries, shoes and laptops as standard – we also want them to go with out overall aesthetic. So, no matter if your vibe is outdoorsy, vintage classic, or modern and minimal – there will be a weekend holdall bag to suit your style. We have rounded up some of the best options available to buy right now. So have a browse, and then start planning what you’re going to pack: Buy it for £115. The iconic Base Camp Duffel is now made from water-resistant recycled materials but, packs the same durability and ruggedness it always did. There’s also an internal mesh pocket for dirty clothes and a side zip pocket for securely storing your phone or keys. Buy it for £65. Who doesn’t love the modern, sleek designs of Rains bags? And this weekend bag has a detachable shoulder strap and adjustable lock slider buckles on the sides – and it comes in the signature coated material. But it for £65. This lightweight travel tote bag is made with water-resistant nylon and is thoughtfully designed to be the ideal travel companion for a weekend away, a road trip, and more expeditions. Buy it for £185. This large weekender bag has a unique wide-mouth opening, a roomy main compartment with zipped side pocket, and a quilted, padded slip pocket perfect for your tablet. Buy it for £76.50. This stylish option features a functional side-access shoe compartment, a main compartment with waterproof zippers, and reinforced handles for comfortable carrying. Buy it for £189. Classic, elegant and stylish, this leather holdall has a zipped main compartment with zipped internal pockets, double handles for easy lifting and an adjustable, detachable shoulder strap. Buy it for £135. This understated bag is made from a durable and water-repellent recycled nylon fabric and is trimmed with tonal straps. The measurements of the inner and outer compartments are customised to standard travel items, such as computer, tablet, charger, passport and a paperback book. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : This is why everyone is buying skin barrier repair creams MORE : Refresh your sleep routine for spring with these matching pyjama sets MORE : Tiny London studio flat with a pull-out bed on the market for £900 per month