Katherine Ryan has offered her two pennies’ worth on Will Smith slapping Chris Rock at the Oscars, saying that if the actor ‘can’t take a joke’ he should ‘stay home’. Moments before he received the 2022 Academy Award for best actor for his turn in King Richard, Smith stormed up onto the stage to smack comedian Chris Rock across the face after he made a ‘GI Jane’ joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith’s hair. Red Table Talk host Pinkett Smith has previously spoken about her struggles with alopecia and said it is what prompted her to shave her head. Her husband then shouted that Rock should ‘keep my wife’s name out of your f*****g mouth’ as he returned to his seat. Plenty of celebrities offered a reaction to the slap, with many backing Smith for protecting his family and slamming the joke, but Ryan rounded on Smith’s reaction and said that to be ‘insulted’ was ‘the point of the celeb monologue’. Having opened up a discussion with her social media followers on the slap, Ryan then took to her Instagram Stories to share her point of view with snapshots of conversation threads. One fan wrote in response: ‘I don’t condone what he did, violence is never the answer but just because Chris is a ‘comedian’, it means Will has to sit and watch his wife be insulted? Chris shouldn’t have said it, Will shouldn’t have hit him.’ Ryan replied: ‘Yes, he has to sit and watch his wife be insulted, yes that’s the point of the celeb monologue.’ ‘Can’t take a joke, stay home,’ she added. Another follower raised the issue of the slap itself overshadowing ‘the humiliation of a black woman’ and pointed out that the ‘politicisation and policing of black hair has been rife for centuries’ with Rock’s derogatory comment being ‘well below the belt and incredibly harmful’. The comedian hit back with: ‘Yes I know and maybe you don’t know that Chris Rock made an entire documentary called Good Hair advocating for black women.’ The Academy initially released a statement on Twitter shortly after the ceremony to confirm that it ‘does not condone violence’, but as the furore continued – with some even pondering whether or not the Men In Black star could be stripped of his award – the industry body then confirmed on Monday it was launching a formal investigation into the incident. Smith has now also issued a public apology for his behaviour – and to Rock – calling violence ‘in all its forms poisonous’. Rock has not pressed charges. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jim Carrey slams ‘spineless’ Hollywood for applauding Will Smith after slapping Chris Rock at the Oscars: ‘I was sickened’ MORE : John Travolta’s son, 11, adopts the rescue dog featured in Oscars tribute to Betty White 