A school has been criticised for serving children food so bad they are going hungry. Photos show a not very appetising single piece of bacon on a white bap; a sausage that looks like it could do with several more minutes in the oven; spaghetti bolognese that is swimming in juices; and a measly portion of macaroni cheese. They were posted by Shelley Webb, whose daughter complained about the food at Ysgol Dyffryn Taf in Whitland, Carmarthenshire. Some parents have been sending children into school with sandwiches. She said: ‘The school changed their food in the past couple of months and since then not only has the selection got smaller, but the portion sizes have too. ‘Both the quantity and the quality of the food the children get is ridiculous. It’s £2.60 for what they call a “nutritious main meal”. ‘It’s basically one sausage, one scoop of mash, some carrots and cranberry sauce. I think it’s 95p for one fish finger.’ Initially Shelley thought her daughter was making a fuss over nothing. She added: ‘But she showed me some of the pictures and I believed her. The portion sizes aren’t big enough to feed a four-year-old, never mind teenagers. ‘And my daughter will sometimes just have a snack in school or something like a cookie for lunch; I didn’t know why, but now I do now.’ Another parent said: ‘My kids said they were bad but I didn’t think it was this bad’. Describing the food as ‘absolutely vile’, another added: ‘That’s why my son’s coming home starving. He did mention the food was awful but I never imagined it was this bad.’ Another said her son has refused to eat the school dinners on offer for the past two weeks. Shelley Webb, from Pembrokeshire, posted several of the images online after deciding enough was enough, following complaints from her daughter about the state of the food. After raising the issue with the local council, director of children’s services, Gareth Morgans, said: ‘We are investigating these concerns as a matter of urgency now that it has been brought to our attention and would like to reassure parents that arrangements are in place to address this situation.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 