Kylie Jenner blessed us with an emotional video documenting her pregnancy with son Wolf – after revealing her postpartum struggles. The lip kit mogul, 24, gave birth to her second child with boyfriend Travis Scott last month, confirming his arrival on Instagram soon after. Following the montage she put together for daughter Stormi in 2018, the mum-of-two gave fans a glimpse into her baby journey – having previously kept much of her pregnancy behind closed doors. In the YouTube video, simply titled, ’To Our Son’, she was seen informing mum Kris Jenner of her joy, with Stormi taking a starring role. Many scenes showed the four-year-old getting excited for the new addition to the family, leaning in to kiss the reality star’s growing bump. Kylie could be seen explaining to that there was the possibility they could share a birthday – something the youngster seemed delighted by. Stormi also gave us an adorable tour through Wolf’s bedroom, complete with a painting she appeared to make for him. In between photoshoots, scans, parties and doctor appointments, her famous family filmed clips giving her sweet words of wisdom. ‘Ky you inspire me so much with being a mum,’ Kendall Jenner began. ‘I’m not a mum yet myself and I look up to you so much with how you raise Stormi and how you’re going to raise your new baby. ‘I’m so excited and I already love the baby so much.’ Kim Kardashian and daughter North West told the camera: ‘It’s auntie Kiki and Northie. I just want you to know we love you so much, we’ve got you for life, we’re family for life. ‘I pray you love the family you are born into, because we’re very special. We love you and we can’t wait to meet you.’ Khloe agreed: ‘Kylie, we love you, we adore you. Baby we love you, we adore you. I cannot wait for me to be your favourite aunt. I’m everyone’s favourite aunt.’ Kourtney added: ‘We want to say we’re so excited for this new baby, a new family baby. We love you already.’ Through tears, Kris Jenner continued: ‘To my new grandchild, who I cannot wait for you to get here. I think about you everyday and I’m just really excited to meet you and to welcome you to the family. I love you already. ‘You’re coming into the most amazing family, lots of cousins, you’re going to have the best life because you have the best parents and the best family.’ Rapper Travis’ mum praised: ‘I see a different person in my son. And you, as a young mother, I was just telling someone at the party today what a wonderful mother you are. You always think of Stormi first and that is so wonderful. ‘I’m so blessed and so happy that you’re the mother of my grandchildren.’ The poignant nine-minute video ended with Kylie, Travis and Kris in the delivery room, with the screen going black before Wolf’s cries rang out. However, we’re still yet to see a photo of the newborn’s face, with Kylie so far only posting one picture of his little arm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ex-WWE star Bronson Reed remembers ‘soiling’ himself in the middle of a match and it sounds horrific MORE : Dancing With the Stars’ Maksim Chmerkovskiy flies back to Poland after fleeing Ukraine during Russian invasion 