Hundreds of Ukrainians took to the streets to demand the release of a mayor said to have been kidnapped by invading Russian troops. Video footage was posted online purportedly showing a group of armed men carrying Ivan Fedorov across a square in the southern port city of Melitopol. Ukraine’s parliament said ‘a group of 10 occupiers kidnapped’ him after throwing a bag over his head, adding that Mr Fedorov ‘refused to cooperate with the enemy’. Kirill Timoshenko, deputy head of the presidential office, said more than 2,000 locals gathered near the city administration building on Saturday demanding Mr Fedorov’s release. President Volodymyr Zelensky said Vladimir Putin’s men ‘have transitioned into a new stage of terror’, likening their actions to those of Isis extremists. In a video address, he said: ‘They have transitioned into a new stage of terror, in which they try to physically eliminate representatives of Ukraine’s lawful local authorities.’ He later added of the protest: ‘More than two thousand people in the square. Do you hear it, Moscow? ‘If 2,000 people are protesting against the occupation in Melitopol, how many people should be in Moscow against the war? ‘To make it fair. Yesterday the invaders captured the mayor of Melitopol Ivan Fedorov. The city community is demanding his release. And this is very important. ‘I am grateful to every Melitopol resident for this resistance, for this position. The invaders must see that they are strangers on our land, on all our land of Ukraine, and they will never be accepted. ‘Throughout the night and today we constantly talk to our partners about this situation with our mayor. The demand is simple – to release him from captivity immediately.’ The prosecutor’s office of the Luhansk People’s Republic, a Moscow-backed rebel region in eastern Ukraine, said on its website there was a criminal case against him. It accused him of ‘terrorist activities’ and of financing the nationalist militia Right Sector to ‘commit terrorist crimes against Donbas civilians’. The office said it was looking for Mr Fedorov and called for anyone with information about his whereabouts to contact them. Lesia Vasylenko, a member of Ukraine’s parliament, was asked about how concerned she is about her own safety when she returns to Ukraine. She told Times Radio: ‘I don’t think I know that someday in the future it could be me or any of my 426 colleagues or any one member of our families. ‘We knew this from day one that we are targets on a special Russian list, and there’s the fate of each one of us is predetermined already in that list. ‘When it will happen, if it will happen, I don’t know. And I hope that, and I have confidence in the armed forces of Ukraine, that that will not be happening anytime soon.’ Meanwhile, authorities warned of a humanitarian catastrophe in the port city of Mariupol. Residents have no heat or phone service, and many have no electricity. Night-time temperatures are regularly below freezing, and daytime ones normally hover just above it. Officials there said on Friday that 1,582 people had been killed in the 12 days since the siege began. ‘There is a humanitarian catastrophe in the city and the dead aren’t even being buried,’ the mayor’s office said in a statement calling for Russian forces to lift the siege. Bodies are being buried in mass graves, some of which are too dangerous to cover with soil due to the near constant bombardment. The streets are littered with burned-out cars, broken glass and splintered trees. Ukrainian authorities have accused Russian forces of shelling evacuation routes and preventing civilians from escaping the city of 430,000 people. Mr Zelensky said: ‘They have a clear order to hold Mariupol hostage, to mock it, to constantly bomb and shell it.’ Some 2.5 million people have fled Ukraine since the invasion began, according to the United Nations. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.