Molly-Mae Hague showed off her tan for a glamorous campaign shoot in Mexico. The former Love Island star, 22, hit the beach in Tultum to shoot for her tanning brand Filter. Molly-Mae looked effortlessly beautiful in a white thong bikini and crochet trousers as she took a break from posing for the camera. The pictures come after the PrettyLittleThing creative director admitted she wasn’t ‘in shape’ for the trip. Speaking on her YouTube channel, the influencer said she had not dieted or exercised before jetting off, but she’s no longer bothered about what she looks like. Molly-Mae certainly oozed self-confidence as she took a stroll on the beach. She wore her famous blonde locks in casual beachy waves and, in true Molly-Mae style carried on working even when on golden sands as she clutched onto her phone. Molly-Mae looked as relaxed as ever after learning to embrace her ‘natural body’ and to stop putting pressure on herself to look a certain way. The YouTuber said in her latest vlog: ‘I definitely am not in the shape I want to be for it but, as I mentioned not too long ago, I have really taken the pressure off with healthy eating and exercise recently. ‘I’m just embracing my natural body and not even worrying about how I look and I know that I am not going to look on this campaign how I envisioned I wanted to look, but I’m actually not really that bothered about it.’ The reality star added: ‘I’m going on about it like I am but I have actually come to terms with the fact that if I wanted to be in the shape that I wanted to be in for this shoot, I would have to start six months ago because that is what I did with Ibiza and I actually couldn’t be bothered.’ Molly-Mae has been keeping her 6.2million Instagram followers updated with her travels, after previously doubting whether she should ‘given everything that’s happening in the world right now.’ She’s had her fans green with envy by sharing dreamy beach snaps and showcasing her impeccable holiday style. Before sharing information on the war in Ukraine and saying she wants to use her platform to ‘raise awareness,’ the social media star wrote: ‘Given everything that’s happening in the world right now I feel it’s impossible to carry on with life as normal without feeling guilty.’ She continued: ‘I’m currently away for work shooting a campaign but haven’t known whether to share as usual for the people that come on Instagram to escape.’ Molly-Mae created a poll so fans could decide whether they wanted her to stay offline or continue posting as usual. With 70% wanting her to keep posting for an ‘escape,’ she decided to do so while signposting to information and donation links. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lizzo shuts down body shamers as she embraces being a body icon and ‘creating her own beauty standard’ MORE : Love Is Blind star Deepti defends ‘best friend’ Danielle over ‘hateful’ comments: ‘Mental health is an important subject’ 