The Queen has started using a £62,000 golf buggy to get around after struggling with mobility problems, according to reports. Dubbed ‘The Queen Mobile’, the four-seater comes with a fridge and entertainment screen and has a top speed of 43mph. It has been built by Garia in collaboration with Mercedes-Benz and has a range of 50 miles before it needs to be charged up again. Described as ‘putting many passenger cars to shame’, it also boasts brown leather seats, Bluetooth speakers, a heated windscreen and 14in alloy wheels. Her Majesty, 95, is believed to have bought the new vehicle two weeks ago and has used it to go for a ride around the Windsor Castle grounds with her corgis. It is the ‘perfect’ solution as she is battling stiffness in her legs, a source has claimed. The monarch, who recently recovered from Covid, is now said to be using a wheelchair and has been seen with a walking stick at royal engagements. The source told The Sun she had ‘been through a lot of physical battles recently which would take its toll on anyone — let alone someone who turns 96 next month’. They said: ‘The cart is a new addition to the castle, and they all think it’s a great idea. It’s certainly fit for a Queen and hopefully it will help her fulfill her engagements. ‘Everyone wants her to carry on for as long as possible being seen by the public. ‘I’m sure the Queen would rather walk to events and carry on as normal, but she is struggling at the moment.’ But they added that the Head of State’s mind was ‘still razor sharp and she has no intention of abdicating’. It was claimed last week that the monarch had been cancelling some events because she ‘doesn’t want to be seen in her wheelchair’. She is expected to attend a memorial for her beloved husband Prince Philip on Tuesday. There is no suggestion she will use the buggy or wheelchair. Buckingham Palace has been contacted for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.