Robbie Williams has revealed that he and his family have ‘nowhere to live’ currently after he’s been selling all his properties. The star, 48, and his wife, Ayda Field, 42, are in the midst of deciding where they should live – and it’s clearly not proving easy! Chatting to Australian radio hosts Kyle and Jackie O, Robbie explained that he’s gone a bit mad on his property-selling venture, saying: ‘We’re actually nowhere. ‘We haven’t got an abode right now, we’ve pretty much sold everywhere, we don’t live anywhere and we’re trying to figure it out. ‘The four kids are constantly a Rubix Cube puzzle that we’re trying to sort out because if they are schooled then they don’t see me because I’m all over the place and if they are home-schooled then they have another set of things that are a problem.’ He also joked that he wouldn’t be able to confirm the recent reports that Drake bought his house, saying that if it was true, he would have signed a non-disclosure agreement with ‘any Canadians’ it might have happened with. We see you, Robbie, we see you. The Rock DJ hitmaker and his wife Ayda share four children, Theodora, nine, Charlton, seven, Colette, three (who started school last year), and Beau, two. The family previously lived in Wiltshire, with the house reportedly being sold for a tidy £6.75million. It’s safe to say the pair haven’t been short of properties in their time, as they flit between the US and the UK all the time. However, the star admitted he’s not sure whether they’ll stay out in the States or head back home in the future. Property isn’t the only thing Robbie’s been putting on the market, with the singer also auctioning off three Banksy paintings. The singer spoke about his plans to auction off his three pieces – Girl With Balloon, Kissing Coppers and Vandalised Oils (Choppers). Robbie said of his collection: ‘I remember seeing Girl With Balloon, Vandalised Oils (Choppers) and Kissing Coppers for the first time. ‘I believe they are some of his best paintings and I love how closely linked they are to the street pieces. ‘As a collector of Banksy’s work, you become part of a broader cultural movement.’ The artworks, which are among Banksy’s most recognisable, are estimated to be worth millions each when they hit the sale room. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : London penthouse that starred in a Robbie Williams music video on sale for £4million MORE : Robbie Williams puts three Banksy pieces from his collection up for auction and they’re set to make millions 