Baftas 2022 host Rebel Wilson used the ceremony to make several digs aimed at high-profile individuals, including Will Smith over his affair drama with wife Jada Pinkett Smith. Last night, Will and Jada were all smiles as they attended the Critics’ Choice Awards in Los Angeles, where the former won Best Movie Actor for his performance as Richard Williams, the father of Venus and Serena Williams, in King Richard. On the same evening, he was awarded the Bafta for Best Film Actor in a Leading Role for the same role in London – although of course, he couldn’t be in two places at once. After the accolade was awarded to him at the Royal Albert Hall, Rebel referenced the fact that he was absent from the event while shading the drama that emerged when Will and Jada opened up about having relationships outside of their marriage. In 2020, Jada confirmed she had an ‘entanglement’ with singer August Alsina while she and Will – who were married at the time – were separated, with Will sharing a year later that he also had an extramarital relationship as he discussed their open marriage. Following his Bafta win, Rebel said on stage: ‘Personally I thought his best performance in the past year has been being ok with all of his wife’s boyfriends.’ As the audience gasped with shock over her remark among some nervous laughter, she quipped: ‘What? Come on, he didn’t show up,’ with a mischievous grin. Talking about his marriage in July 2021 with British GQ, Will said: ‘Jada had family members that had an unconventional relationship. So she grew up in a way that was very different than how I grew up. ‘There were significant, endless discussions about “What is relational perfection? What is the perfect way to interact as a couple?” ‘And for the large part of our relationship, monogamy was what we chose, not thinking of monogamy as the only relational perfection.’ While people might have thought that Jada ‘was the only one engaging in other sexual relationships’, Will is said to have ‘delicately explained’ that wasn’t the case. As he took to the stage to accept his Critics’ Choice Award for King Richard, Will – who attended the ceremony with Venus and Serena – said the tennis stars ‘defined the American dream’. ‘Thank you for entrusting to me with your story what you were able to do… you inspired everyone in this room, everyone in this country and everyone around the world,” he told them in his acceptance speech,’ he said. ‘You all define the American dream, you represent the best of what we all hope this country and this world can be.’ You can watch the Baftas 2022 ceremony on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Millie Bobby Brown and boyfriend Jake Bongiovi look super-glam as they make red carpet debut at Baftas MORE : Bafta 2022: Rebel Wilson flashes middle finger to Russian President Vladimir Putin during ceremony 