Channel 4 newsreader Krishnan Guru-Murthy announced that he’ll be reporting from Ukraine, as fellow presenter Matt Frei departs from Kyiv. The 51-year-old journalist is flying out to the Ukrainian border, according to his latest Twitter posts, with the first live broadcast airing at 5.30pm on Sunday afternoon. Addressing the move on social media, Murthy uploaded a selfie of him alongside the 58-year-old writer, who has been reporting the crisis that has seen over 1.5million Ukrainians fleeing their homes. ‘The ceremonial handover of duty is complete. Hopefully see you on air from Ukraine at 5.30 tonight,’ he tweeted. In a separate post hours later, he wrote: ‘Just crossed the border about half an hour from Yavoriv – the number killed by the attack on the military base there is now put at 35 and 134 injured. A Russian attack just a few miles away from a war with NATO.’ In the early hours of Sunday morning, Frei also updated fans on his journey back to the UK. He wrote: ‘Just crossing the border from Ukraine to Poland. Hard to leave. Border v quiet compared to last week. But Russia bombing airfields not far from here. Queasy feeling this is just the end of the beginning.’ Murthy’s followers praised him and Frei for their ‘bravery,’ on the frontline, as one person wrote: ‘Thank you @mattfrei for your brave coverage and good luck Krish – stay safe. ‘I don’t think I can really find the words to convey and fully appreciate what it means to have the coverage @Channel4 is bringing of this awful situation.’ While another added: ‘@Channel4News the only news worth watching. Thanks @mattfrei for your superb but heartbreaking reporting and please stay safe @krishgm.’ This comes after BBC presenter Clive Myrie thanked fans for their support as he announced his return to London following reporting on the front line in Kyiv. ‘A quick thank you for all your good wishes over the last 2 weeks, you’ve all been very kind to me and the BBC teams in Ukraine,’ Myrie penned on social media. ‘I’m now heading back to London, but will return. #UkraineRussianWar #ukraine.’ Elsewhere Homes Under The Hammer presenter Martin Roberts has bought a handful of supplies that he plans to donate to Ukrainian refugees. ‘So I’ve come to Costco and I’ve just been buying lots of things like Pampers, kids stuff, Tampax and other bits and pieces,’ he said in an emotional video. ‘Things for kids because it’s the kids, you know, [they’re] everything.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing On Ice 2022: Holly Willoughby forced to skip semi-finals after testing positive for Covid MORE : ‘This would never have happened to Trump!’: Trevor Noah tears into Joe Biden after US president snubbed by UAE 