The Queen has decided to make Windsor Castle her permanent home and will never fully return to Buckingham Palace, reports say. It is understood the royal has not spent a night at the palace since March 2020, and has chosen to officially make the castle her main residence, according to the Sunday Times. She has lived at the central London palace throughout her 70-year reign but spent much of lockdown at her Berkshire home after relocating with Prince Philip at the start of the pandemic. Sources say the couple ‘rediscovered the happiness of their early years together’ during this time, and it is believed the monarch has come to prefer life in Windsor. The decision to make the move may also have been influenced by ongoing renovations at the palace which are not expected to be complete until 2027. ‘Windsor is the place she loves. She has her memories with Prince Philip there, she has her ponies there and family nearby. It makes sense,’ royal author Hugo Vickers said. Her move will see her closer to Prince Andrew, who lives at Rowe Lodge on the Windsor Estate, and Prince Edward who lives with his family at Bagshot Park some 10 miles away. The Queen is believed to have adopted a ‘work from home’ approach to engagements, and is expected to host dignitaries and officials at the castle. It is also understood she now holds her weekly conversations with Boris Johnson over the phone, rather than in person, as has been the case during the pandemic. Courtiers are allegedly keen to reduce her travel to avoid putting undue strain on the 95-year-old, following medical advice to slow down in October. It followed an overnight stay in hospital for ‘preliminary investigations’ forcing her to cancel a visit to Northern Ireland. The Queen also cancelled several engagements two weeks ago after catching Covid and suffering ‘mild cold-like’ symptoms. Her next planned engagements outside of Windsor Castle is the Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey on March 14, and a service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip on March 29. This will be followed by the four-day national celebration marking her Platinum Jubilee in June. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.