When Russia invaded Ukraine in February, after months of uncertainty, the world watched with almost universal horror. Seeing a superpower like Russia viciously attack its neighbour in a conflict that has increasingly become dirtier and more desperate has prompted a cataclysm of responses, with social media our sounding board as we try and rationalise the depravity of modern warfare right on our doorstep. Twitter has served as the theatre of this war, as one of the main tools of sharing information and footage from the front line: be that civilians in Ukraine showing the destruction of their country, or Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy updating the world on his wellbeing. With its ability to update people in real time, it’s no real surprise that people are turning to social media platforms, as opposed to news outlets, for the latest breaking stories from the Ukrainian front line. Using new media as a tool to communicate and document the events of war is nothing new, says internet commentator and writer of Garbage Day newsletter, Ryan Broderick. ‘Even back in the Second World War, Franklin D Roosevelt had his cosy “fireside chats” on the radio to address the American people directly, quell rumours and explain policies,’ he tells Metro.co.uk. ‘This isn’t too different to how the Zelenskyy has effectively vlogged his way through the war to reassure Ukrainians he’s still alive and the fight is far from over.’ But what makes social media so different to more traditional forms of media is how an onslaught of opinions, viewpoints and perspectives are being platformed all simultaneously – which boasts both pros and cons. With around 500 million tweets sent a day, Ukraine’s reality is now being filtered and presented to us via Twitter thread as we seek immediate and instant access to the latest information. However, this thread is driven by an algorithm, which could result in the news we’re seeing being skewed in a certain direction. ‘Twitter is a massive public platform which is entirely searchable,’ Broderick explains. ‘You can find opinions and viewpoints from all spectrums simultaneously. ‘What distinguishes social media from TV and radio and newspapers, is that, on the internet, the loudest and most interesting voice is the one that people listen to – rather than the most informed.’ Some of the more inane ‘takes’ on social media have become more pronounced as the conflict roars on. While there are no shortages of journalists and civilians in Ukraine documenting day to day experiences on the frontline, these stories and experiences are being buried under more risible, mundane opinions. A tweet that someone claimed that all women ‘now had a crush on Zelenskyy’ racked up over 50,000 likes. Meanwhile, other people cheerfully debated whether a nuclear holocaust was actually a real option, and whether we should impose a no-fly zone despite not really knowing what this meant. The stories from people who are actually there were drowned out in favour of a cacophony of cries from the self-satisfied, desperate to be seen to be wading into a conflict to place themselves in the centre of a story that isn’t theirs to tell. Broderick explains that it’s the business model of social media that encourages us to divulge even the most mundane, irrelevant opinions. Twitter allows us to filter and sculpt our own perspective, presenting ourselves as a main character in our own narrative. ‘Social media is defined by making things all about ourselves,’ he says. ‘On Twitter, underneath every tweet you see is a button that asks you to reply, or something that asks you to share it. Because of that, people are constantly compelled to share. ‘We’re all part of the content economy, competing against each other for attention and space. ‘Twitter is an entire realm of media that is simply run on people to share their usually very dumb and annoying opinions about everything. It turns out that most people, when given the option to share their opinion, are going to share their opinion in the easiest way: either basically how they’re feeling about something, or in a way that will make it all about them.’ Dr Elle Boag, Associate Professor in Applied Social Psychology at Birmingham City University, argues that the glut of information we have at our fingertips has only exacerbated our need to voice and share our opinions. ‘Humans are a social species,’ she explains. ‘We’re eager to come together and share our opinions as we make sense of this. ‘But the conversations we’re having online aren’t reasonable. You can go on social media and get immediate, instantaneous access to coverage of the war. The sheer level of coverage can lure you into thinking you’re an expert without understanding the delicate nuances of the conflict. ‘This can snowball as we all chip in what we “know”, and we get sucked into this group mentality of posting to show solidarity.” It’s clear that people are eager to understand and keep up informed about the conflict: Newsnight reported significantly higher viewing figures after the Russian invasion, while the BBC’s news coverage was moved to the ‘Trending’ section of the iPlayer app. This need to understand may come from the shock of familiarity we may be feeling from seeing the news from Ukraine. This is not the first war that has had social media around to document it – but to many, it certainly feels like the first war of this scale happening uncomfortably close to us. At worst, some of the commentary has bordered on explicit racism, with coverage receiving criticism for decrying bombs falling on ‘blonde people with blue eyes’, despite atrocities of the same level happening in Afghanistan and Syria in recent years. ‘As humans, we’re innately vigilant at perceiving things that seem threatening to us,’ Dr Boag explains. ‘As social media can be immersive, and we’re seeing pictures of footage all time, it makes the war in Ukraine feel closer, and the threat of war in our own countries more likely. ‘We can picture it happening to us so we place ourselves in that situation.’ This ‘flattening effect’ social media has on geographical boundaries may also explain the wide use of memes and internet-specific humour that has coloured the conflict. Cracking crass jokes and questionable quips in dark times is not a new phenomenon – the etymology of the term ‘gallows humour’ comes from the wisecracks made by people moments before they were executed – but the global community the internet fosters has seen people question whether it is appropriate for those safely away from artillery fire and bombing to share memes about Putin and Zelenskyy. ‘Black gallows humour is a coping mechanism,’ psychotherapist Sally Baker explains. ‘It can come across as incredibly blunt and unpleasant, but it’s a response to something that is cataclysmic, almost unfathomable. ‘It can serve as a morale boost and a tool for solidarity.’ Whether gallows humour is a suitable response from those thousands of miles away is up for debate – but Broderick argues it should be up to the social media giants, and not individual users, to police responses. ‘Obviously in a perfect world, everyone would be super serious,’ he says. ‘It’s not really realistic to believe that a random Twitter user can be professional, or should be. ‘A lot of journalists online have warned people about posting memes or misinformation, as it may not be fair on those that are suffering. ‘But it’s weird we’re putting that level of responsibility on random people using the internet. It should be down to the companies that run social media platforms to take responsibility for the content on there. ‘If Twitter doesn’t want memes or Russian propaganda on its site, it should be down to Twitter to remove it, not individuals.’ It’s the snowball effect of social media’s constant sharing that has kept the Russia and Ukrainian conflict at the forefront of our mind – but as with all content that goes viral, there’s concerns over just how much momentum Ukraine has in the news agenda, especially as Ukraine is evidently steeling itself for a prolonged occupation. ‘Zelenskyy has pulled off the most unbelievable thing I’ve seen in my lifetime,’ Broderick explains. ‘He’s been updating Ukraine via social media and pulled at heartstrings to get the world on his side. ‘The problem with this is that while it is extremely viral and allows them to get resources from around the world, it also subjects them to the same pressures and trivialisation that happens with all viral content.’ Broderick continues that people’s empathy for the plight of Ukrainians will naturally start to wane, particularly if the Russian bombardment of Ukrainian cities intensifies. He tells us: ‘By turning Western, middle-class neighbourhoods in Ukraine into war zones, Russia turns Ukraine into somewhere we can stop caring about, to put in bluntly. ‘Social media runs on visuals, relatability and virality. If cities are destroyed and are no longer recognisable as cities similar to our own, it makes it harder for us to put ourselves in that situation, and makes the content less sharable.’ Dr Boag agrees that the human brain cannot empathise for a sustained period of time, with rolling news can see an empathy deficit kick in. ‘When you have the rolling news cycle at your fingertips, with constant updates and pings, you can reach a point where you become completely desensitised to it,’ she says. ‘Empathy is an emotional, psychological cognitive response. ‘With sustained conflicts, you can reach a point of burnout, and your level of empathy plateaus.’ It’s not to say that social media only exacerbates problems in the conflict. Its ability to spread the truth about the atrocities of the war to Russians, who would otherwise only have the Kremlin-backed news channels to listen to, has already been recognised by Russia as being detrimental to their propaganda: last week, the country banned Facebook and Meta for its 145 million civilians, claiming Meta was an ‘extremist’ organisation. However, numerous Russians are finding other avenues to seek the truth, with social platforms and apps such as Telegram helping them keep informed about the realities of the war. It’s this element of social media – its power to inform and mobilise populations, is where its power lies. Online campaigns are only really beneficial to the people in Ukraine when platitudes manifest offline action. There has been a drive to try and aid those in need: goodwill foundations helping Ukrainian refugees can only be applauded, while others have set up their own donation points to be of aid. Elsewhere, the Home Office was forced to reconsider their position after they were hit with a wave of outrage online, following their numerous bungled attempts to streamline the visa process for Ukrainian asylum seekers. In order for social media to sustain the public’s empathy and desire to help, we must try to ascertain how useful this tool can be, Dr Boag says. ‘Currently, social media is a resource that only really serves the individual,’ she says. ‘It has a lot of potential for good, if we can reconfigure the mindset of how it can be useful for others, rather than just a platform for ourselves.’ And if there’s still an uncertainty about what you should put on your socials, Broderick points to a simple solution. ‘Just don’t post,’ he says. ‘It’s not necessary. What we need now is good journalism and good stories detailing what’s going on in Ukraine. ‘I think we’re going to need more informed commentary as situation changes from a viral moment to a prolonged occupation. ‘I hope the Ukrainian people and Zelenskyy can keep the world’s eyes on them. We just don’t know what will happen next, but I hope Ukraine can keep up its momentum, for all our sakes.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to cope with the mental impact of war and offer support to refugees MORE : How to know if your empathy is harming you in a relationship MORE : How parents can introduce children to the news without causing anxiety