In the wake of the chaotic Oscars 2022 ceremony, we’ve got a spot of Hollywood beef we never could have seen coming – Ricky Gervais and the creators of the Oscars gift bag. Watch out Chris Rock and Will Smith. After the After Life star launched a brutal takedown of the traditional gift bags, thought to be worth more than $100,000 (£76,000), the creators of said bags had a few choice words for him. Lash Fary, Founder of Distinctive Assets, told Metro.co.uk: ‘Ricky Gervais is a talented comedian, so it’s no surprise that I find the hypocrisy of his “goody bag tweet” hilarious. ‘While we do not spend money buying any of the items in our gift bags (much like advertising, this is simply a promotional campaign for brands), the valuation is indeed significant…but not nearly as substantial as Ricky’s recent Netflix deal, the residuals he receives for The Office or his multi-million-dollar home. ‘So if you’re unemployed, take some comfort in the fact that even if you had a job, your salary probably wouldn’t be as much as Ricky Gervais makes for a single episode of After Life.’ It’s not been confirmed how much Ricky makes from After Life, although it was previously reported that he was offered £5million to make a third series of the Netflix series. Ricky, who’s hosted the Golden Globes five times, issued the scathing message about the gift bags as he imagined his opening speech if he was hosting, rather than Oscars 2022 hosts Amy Schumer, Wanda Sykes, and Regina Hall. Responding to a fan who said they wished the comedian had hosted, the 60-year-old tweeted: ‘I’d start with “Hello. I hope this show helps cheer up the ordinary people watching at home. If you’re unemployed for example, take some comfort in the fact that even if you had a job, your salary probably wouldn’t be as much as the goody bag all the actors have just been given.” ‘”I’m proud to announce that this is the most diverse and progressive Oscars ever. Looking out I see people from all walks of life. Every demographic under the sun. Except poor people, obviously. F**k them.”‘ The comedian went on to say that he’d ‘be asleep’ during the ceremony – but he must have caught up on the Will Smith and Chris Rock drama, stirring the pot by tweeting a clip of a joke about alopecia from The Office (seemingly referring to Jada Pinkett Smith’s condition). Despite his comments, Ricky previously said he’d never host the Oscars unless they agreed to let him say whatever he wanted. Oscars bosses went all out this year for the bags, packing the offerings full of products reportedly worth around $100,000 (£76,000), including actual land and multiple – yes, multiple – hotel stays. Kristen Stewart, Benedict Cumberbatch, Dame Judi Dench and co will be the proud owners of plots of land in Scotland, if they accept the bags, of course, making them the ‘Lords and Ladies of Glencoe’ with the most fabulous neighbours. While they are settling into their new digs, they can sight-see with a stay at Turin Castle in Scotland, before cooking up a feast with gold-infused olive oil from Ariti, and chomping on some luxury popcorn. If all of that gets too much, nominees have also been gifted a holiday to the super-swanky Golden Door spa, and they can also undertake a spiritual coaching session from SelfLove with Nicola. As well as this, they will be treated to a sculpting surgery procedure by Art Lipo, and land complimentary project management for their next house project, by Maison Construction. Speaking of this year’s bag, Fary previously said in a statement: ‘While this gift bag does, as always, have an impressive value, that is neither our focus nor goal. ‘A great gift has nothing to do with a price tag. ‘This year’s nominee package is particularly meaningful as we pay tribute to a milestone anniversary and also celebrate the resilience of all involved after the challenges of the past two years. ‘Despite perpetual bad news globally, it’s also an important form of self preservation and self-care to carve out a little room for the fun, festive, and fabulous.’ Ricky’s not the only one to criticise the gift bags, with Piers Morgan previously tweeting: ‘Rather than make virtuous tearful speeches tonight about how much they care about Ukraine, it might be nice if all the Oscars presenters & nominees auction their revoltingly ostentatious $140,000 gift bags to raise funds for Ukrainian refugees.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Ricky Gervais for further comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ricky Gervais savagely rips into Oscars gift bag worth $100,000 after imagining his brutal opening speech if he’d hosted MORE : Ricky Gervais stirs pot with alopecia joke from The Office in response to Will Smith hitting Chris Rock at Oscars 2022 