The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air star Janet Hubert has defended her former co-star Will Smith before dragging Chris Rock in a now-deleted tweet following the Oscars scandal. The King Richard actor, 53, won best actor at the 94th Academy Awards, however, his long-awaited moment was overshadowed minutes prior, as he slapped the comedian, 57,  in the face for joking about Jada Pinkett Smith’s hair during the ceremony. Jada – who has been open about her battle with alopecia in the past – rolled her eyes at Chris’ remark, which some say sparked Will to react. The shocking showdown had celebrities and even MPs weighing in on the controversy, and Janet – who played OG Aunt Viv on the sitcom from 1990 to 1993 – showed support for the movie star. ‘I cannot tell you how many times I have wanted to slap the mess out of so many folks who have disrespected me,’ Janet tweeted on Monday, according to Entertainment Weekly . ‘Will stood up for his wife, Chris Rock is always disrespecting Black women. Mean spirited hides behind comedy. BULL.’ Following what has been hailed as the ‘ugliest moment in Oscars history,’ the Hancock actor issued an apology to Chris, the Academy, and the Williams family on Instagram. ‘Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive,’ Smith began. ‘My behaviour at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally.’ He continued: ‘I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong. I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness. ‘I would also like to apologise to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world. I would like to apologise to the Williams Family and my King Richard Family. ‘I deeply regret that my behaviour has stained what has been an otherwise gorgeous journey for all of us.’ He concluded: ‘I am a work in progress.’ A spokesperson for the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences confirmed they would be investigating the matter further, as people have demanded Will to be stripped of his best actor title. However, according to The Hollywood Reporter, they say it is more likely he will have his Academy membership suspended rather than his award revoked. The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air is available to stream on NOW TV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Oscars launch formal investigation into Will Smith slapping Chris Rock and ‘condemns’ his actions MORE : Alan Davies backs Chris Rock after Oscars slap and brands Will Smith’s reaction ‘in no way reasonable’ 