Ukraine’s Marta Kostyuk has hit out at the lack of support shown by Russian tennis players on the tour amid their country’s invasion of her homeland. Following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the International Tennis Federation ruled Russian and Belarusian players to be allowed to carry on competing under a neutral flag. Kostyuk has now accused some of her Russian peers of being more concerned about problems transferring money than the conflict taking place. ‘What is very disappointing is that no Russian player came to see me,’ the 19-year-old said after her first-round win over Maryna Zanevska. ‘None have told me they’re sorry for what their country is doing to mine. ‘One player messaged me, another chatted with me, but I didn’t hear any apologies, I didn’t hear anyone telling me they didn’t support what was going on. To me, that’s shocking. ‘You don’t have to be involved in politics to behave like a human-being. Everyone knows what’s going on. It hurts me. It hurts me every time I arrive at the stadium and see all these Russian players. ‘Their only problem right now is not being able to make money transfers. That’s what they’re talking about. This is unacceptable in my opinion.’ Russian players including world No 1 Daniil Medvedev, Andrey Rublev and Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova have all called for peace amid the ongoing war, while Anna Kalinskaya wore trainers with the message ‘no war’ in her first-round match. But Kostyuk isn’t convinced all the statements from Russian players so far are genuine in condemning what their country is doing to Ukrainians at present. ‘I do not like it. Again, you don’t need to be involved in politics to know what’s going on, who’s invaded who, who’s bombing who… It’s very simple,’ she added. ‘You can’t be neutral in this situation. For me, “No war” can mean several things. ‘For example, we (Ukraine) could end the war by giving up. But that was never an option. From day one, I knew it wouldn’t happen because I had lived through the revolution and I knew that people wouldn’t want to go the other way, which was to Russia. ‘To me, these releases don’t make sense. They are empty! What do you want? Do you want Ukraine to lose? That Russia wins? That Russia loses? I will say it a hundred times: Ukraine will never give up. We can lose, although I don’t think so, but Ukraine will never give up. ‘So today say “No war”, for me it means wanting Ukraine to give up. Because Putin will never stop, everyone knows how crazy he is. So we fight. And these press releases, they hurt me because they are meaningless.’ Kostyuk also made it clear she doesn’t agree with tennis’ governing bodies allowing Russian and Belarusian players to still be competing under a neutral flag. ‘No. I do not agree with the decisions that have been made. I will be concise: look at other sports. Look what they decided. That’s all,’ she added. MORE : Ukrainian tennis star Elina Svitolina speaks out after thrashing Russian rival: ‘I was on a mission for my country’ MORE : Russian tennis star Anna Kalinskaya sports ‘no war’ attire during Indian Wells match For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 