Katie Price is clearly having a blast in Thailand – she’s had a boob job, she’s had some new tattoos, and now she’s having a corn on the cob. What’s not to love? The former model has been pictured soaking up the sun during her getaway with her boyfriend, former Love Island star Carl Woods, 32, with the pair relaxing on an idyllic beach. Katie, who seems to have recovered from her painful sunburn, shared a passionate kiss with her beau in one snap, on a beach that looks pretty deserted. The star donned a multi-coloured bikini top with some black bottoms, showing off her intricate new tattoos on both arms and her deep tan. In one shot, the 43-year-old  adjusted her bikini, before enjoying a corn on the cob. A jetski can also be seen the background and we’re sure the pair made good use of it. Katie and Carl are currently in Bangkok, with the model recently showing off her deep tan – and her sunburn. Sharing a snap on Instagram, Katie wrote: ‘Face and nose peeling and burnt lips,’ adding a shocked emoji. Carl doesn’t seem to have escaped the blazing sun either, as Katie shared a snap of him looking pretty red-faced, captioning it: ‘Lobster’. People wanting to avoid the harmful effects of the sun are advised to wear sunscreen and avoid the sun in the middle of the day. It’s also advisable to wear protective clothing and sunglasses that filter UV light. Meanwhile, Katie has also been getting inked during her trip, with her latest tattoo featuring an array of lilies, daffodils and hyacinths on her arm in her largest inking to date. The Sun reported that she paid £180 for the design, and that she’d hired a local tattoo artist to add the body art to her burgeoning collection. Mum-of-five Katie also recently went under the surgeon’s knife for her latest breast enhancement. She revealed over the weekend she’s had 24 boob jobs over the years – she even said her biggest implants are up for sale. In her Instagram Story, she wrote: ‘They say my 13th boob job more like 24th boob job…. Have to say they are not my biggest, my biggest are in a safe for sale for a million pounds dm for enquiries or email.’ Katie had her first boob job in 1998, which took her up to a 32C. She previously had them reduced in size, telling The Sun: ‘The first surgery I had was uncomfortable. These boobs have been to America, England, Belgium and now these are Turkey boobs. I’ve just had them reduced. ‘My old implants – I have them in a bag – they were a thousand CC and, Jesus, when I hold them they were really heavy. ‘I think I’ve got 795 in so that is a lot smaller and they feel smaller. I’m so excited because finally I’m gonna be able to wear clothes I don’t look fat in.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price ‘shuts down baby clothing business’ she created with sister six months after launch without selling anything MORE : Katie Price slashes price of OnlyFans subscription allowing fans to get pics of her boobs and feet for £5.70 