Moscow has announced a ceasefire for several besieged cities tomorrow morning, but Ukraine has dismissed the offer. These humanitarian corridors, meant to come into force at 10am Moscow time, would give civilians a chance to evacuate after nearly two weeks of heavy shelling. But the Ukrainian government couldn’t accept the proposals as most of the safe passages would mean evacuees would have to go to Russia or Belarus. Families were told they could safely flee Mariupol and Volnovakha on Saturday, and again on Sunday – but tragedy struck when Kremlin troops were accused of ignoring the ceasefires. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky previously described Russia’s proposals for a third ceasefire as ‘immoral’. A route from Kyiv would lead to Belarus, while those who are seeking to flee Kharkiv would only have one corridor leading to Russia. Those who want to leave Kyiv would also be able to be airlifted to Russia. Corridors from Mariupol and Sumy would lead both to other Ukrainian cities and to Russia. Russia continued to pound some cities with rockets even after its announcement of a third ceasefire. Such tactics were common during the Syria war after Moscow entered the war in 2015 to shore up President Bashar Assad’s forces. Humanitarian corridors arise when a population is caught in a war zone, particularly when a city or town is under siege. The idea is that hostilities are halted for a certain time to allow civilians who need to flee to do so along designated routes or to allow urgent humanitarian aid to enter for civilians who remain. The term was first evoked during the Bosnian War in the 1990s, when the UN set up ‘safe areas’ for civilians. But the attempt was seen as a failure since the UN was unable to protect the zones when they came under attack. This is a breaking news story – more to follow. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.