England will look to set up a Women’s World Cup final against Australia when they play South Africa in the semi-final on Thursday. Heather Knight’s side, who are the defending champions following their triumph in 2017, lost their first three games of this campaign but have reached the knockout stages with four successive wins. England beat South Africa in the 2017 World Cup semi-final and will be hoping for the same outcome tomorrow as they bid to book a meeting with pre-tournament favourites Australia. Australia, the No. 1 team in the world, thumped West Indies by 157 runs in the first semi-final to reach the showpiece event, which will be held in Christchurch on Sunday. ‘We’ve been playing knockout cricket for the last four games,’ Knight said on the eve of England’s semi-final clash with South Africa. ‘So we’re so used to obviously having that pressure on us and if we make one mistake we’re out and that’s perfect preparation for World Cup semi-final where you know the stakes and you know what’s on the line and I think it shows a lot about the character in this group after those first three games. ‘We’ve obviously lost three close games and we were very disappointed and frustrated but the way we’ve turned it around, I think has been outstanding. The way we’ve managed to stay pretty positive, change a few things that were in our control. ‘We’re very good players and I think we’ve just managed to find a way to win again, which has been very nice. Hopefully, it will give us a lot of confidence going into that semi-final, we feel like we’ve built a bit of momentum up in the last four games. And that’s a nice place to be again into the semis.’ While England lifted the World Cup on home soil in 2017, South Africa are bidding to reach their first World Cup final. Proteas captain Sune Luus said: ‘We have an opportunity to make South Africa really proud and to make history. I think that is the biggest thing for me as captain. ‘It’s a big honour, it’s something I never really thought of doing, especially so soon in my career. Tomorrow is going to be a big game. There will probably be a couple of tears before the game. ‘It’s an opportunity to make history in South Africa and change a lot of lives back home as well and for us as players. I’m very excited with some butterflies as well but that’s something we’ll manage when the time comes.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 