Feeling impulsive today? Astrology might be to blame for your moods today, but it could also help you figure out the best way to overcome them – or even use them to your advantage. Gemini, a sudden urge to explore could help you make an important connection. Step back and look at the bigger picture before you do anything rash, Aquarius. You might be worked up now, but you’ll soon find something better to focus on. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, March 21, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 If you have a lot to get done you may find that working in short bursts is the answer. It should be easier to concentrate and it might stop your mind from wandering. There’s also potential for frustration levels to rise if incidents disrupt your plans. You could need more freedom. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Feeling more anxious than usual? This may be down to the edgy angle between Mars and Uranus, which could lead to a rash decision. Be gentle with yourself. Wherever the sense of pressure is coming from, offset it by reflecting on the best way ahead. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You may feel an urge to drop what you’re doing and go exploring. This might find you looking for new opportunities and experiences. Social media could be a source of entertainment, especially if you connect with someone unique. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 If things don’t go as planned, think again. While the current restless line-up may be uncomfortable, it also delivers a useful message. If you’re seeking freedom from a difficult situation, part of the issue might be about enhancing your awareness of it. Relief will come soon. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Cooperation can be the key to making the most of the day. It’s better to get along than to go your own way and upset someone. And you may lose more than you gain. There are also opportunities for romance but tread with care as you could have competition and things might be awkward. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Feeling jittery? It would be no surprise as an unpredictable aspect could find you restless. You might even decide to make a clean sweep and overhaul aspects of your lifestyle. Such changes are best arrived at after some thought. A gradual shift won’t jeopardise your security. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 If a relationship seems to come together rather quickly then it may be down to forces that appear outside of your control. You could feel compelled to connect with this person without being sure why this is. Qualities of electric magnetism are very much in the air. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Don’t react to other people, even if they are acting out of character. You may be better to take a step back and regain your poise. Use the next few days to recharge your batteries. With a relaxed mind, you’ll be in a better position to decide what to do. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Want to spark a revolution? As feisty Mars angles towards Uranus, you could make a decision that upsets the status quo. It may be best to avoid this by thinking about the consequences, even if you are frustrated by circumstances. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Is your money burning a hole in your pocket? You may be weighing up the pros and cons of buying something. If you do go ahead, you might be delighted but feel bad about it at the same time. The urge to splurge could be strong but with willpower you can beat it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Rather than do something impulsive, step back and see the bigger picture or involve yourself with fresh ideas and opportunities that open new doors for you. What seemed so important and personal may be replaced by new interests that get you excited about the future. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You can either cooperate with someone’s idiosyncrasies or rebel against them. With edgy Mars angling towards the changeable energy of Uranus you might find you get on better with this person if you accept them as they are. Conversations may then be more fruitful. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness