Stan Collymore is convinced Manchester United or Tottenham will pip Arsenal to fourth spot. With Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea looking set to wrap up the top three spots, attention has turned to who can grab the final Champions League spot. Arsenal currently sit fourth on 54 points but have Tottenham (51pts) and United (50pts) in hot pursuit even though Mikel Arteta’s side have a game in hand on their Premier League rivals. Despite a poor start to the season, Arteta’s side have benefitted from not playing in Europe this season and now look to be finishing the campaign strongest, winning six of their last seven matches. The north London outfit still have to play United and Chelsea in the final run-in and former Liverpool striker Collymore feels it could all end in disappointment for Gooners – and he’s prepared to do a forfeit if he’s wrong. ‘Arsenal, this is it,’ Collymore said. ‘This is the run-in, this is where we get down to business, and it’s time now for Mikel Arteta and the boys to ram everything I’ve said about them again this season firmly back down my throat. ‘They’re in pole position, their youngsters are absolutely thriving and they’re playing quality, on-the-front-foot, attacking football. ‘But they have also been dross against the very best and let’s see what that means in the shake-up. ‘They still have some decent teams to play, they’re up against Tottenham and Manchester United for that fourth and final Champions League spot, and both of those other clubs will be quite happy for Arsenal to be talked about in column inches with everyone raving about how great they are. ‘I’m going for United or Spurs to pip them to the post, though, with Arsenal to choke in the run-in. ‘And if they can prove me wrong, I will quite happily wear an Arsenal shirt with “Arteta 8” on the back and post a picture of it on the last day of the season. So come on, Gunners, bring it on.’ MORE : Pat Nevin reveals he told Chelsea to buy Arsenal ace Kieran Tierney as he’s ‘better than Liverpool star Andy Robertson’ MORE : Marcus Rashford not ready to lead Arsenal’s attack, says ex-Chelsea striker Tony Cascarino For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 