And Just Like That…. we’ve got ourselves a brand-new season to look forward to! Sex and the City creator Michael Patrick King confirmed the joyous news that Sarah Jessica Parker, (Carrie Bradshaw) Cynthia Nixon, (Miranda Hobbs), and Kristin Davis (Charlotte York Goldenblatt) will be reprising the iconic roles that turned them into household names 17 years ago. The reboot – which focused on ‘the reality of life and friendship in their 50s’ – took us on quite the journey, from Big’s death to Steve and Miranda’s marriage breakdown. Season one ended with Carrie revamping her image, while Miranda relocated with her new lover Che Diaz (Sara Ramirez) for a fresh start in Los Angeles, and fans were desperate to find out what happens next. Thankfully, King announced that the upcoming series has been given the green light. In a statement over the show’s renewal, he said: ‘I am delighted and excited to tell more stories about these vibrant, bold characters – played by these powerful, amazing actors. ‘The fact is, we’re all thrilled. And Just Like That… our Sex life is back.’ The revival also welcomed newcomers Sarita Choudhury and Nicole Ari Parker, however, Sara’s character Che was met with a lot of backlash, as critics labelled her ‘cringy’ and ‘unhinged.’ And Just Like That also attracted some negative reactions to various storylines particularly over Miranda’s affair with Che. When asked how she felt about the backlash, Choudhury said: ‘I’m shocked by some of the criticism only because it’s really hard to add four new characters and do a good job. You’re naturally going to fail somewhere.’ HBO’s Head of Original Content, Sarah Aubrey added: ‘We have been delighted by the cultural conversation generated by these characters and their stories, set in a world we already know and love so much. ‘We can’t wait for fans to see what’s in store for season 2!’ The late Willie Garson – who died at the age of 57 after suffering from cancer in September 2021 – filmed three episodes as the loveable Stanford Blatch. Elsewhere, shortly after his character was killed off in episode one, Chris Noth was hit with a string of sexual assault claims, which he denied. His former Sex and the City co-stars were ‘deeply saddened’ by the allegations made against Noth. Season one of And Just Like That…. is available to watch on Sky Comedy. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sex And The City author Candace Bushnell was ‘really startled’ by And Just Like That MORE : Cynthia Nixon bites back at ‘bizarre’ fan complaints about Miranda in And Just Like That 