Loose Women’s Charlene White has hit back at trolls accusing her of ‘playing the race card’ after an important discussion on racism amid the Ukraine crisis. The presenter spoke at length about the recent reports of terrified Black students being stranded after suffering racism at the Polish border on Tuesday’s episode of the ITV daytime programme, with Janet Street Porter, Coleen Nolan and Katie Piper. Several videos posted on social media have emerged to show tense confrontations with border guards in which crowds of predominantly Black people were shouted at or obstructed. Addressing the abhorrent racism, Charlene said: ‘My heart really does go out to the Ukrainian people and those in the bordering countries doing all they can to try and help them, but [they] will not help anybody whose skin is darker. ‘I think that’s a very clear reflection of what it is the world is dealing with – and this isn’t just in Ukraine, this happens in wars the world over, especially when it comes to migrant workers.’ She continued: ‘The difference I think this time, is that it’s a younger demographic who are used to posting on TikTok, on Twitter, on Facebook and they’re telling their story.’ Her co-star Janet then interjected, suggesting that Poland has ‘exceeded all expectations’. ‘I hear what you’re saying, and I completely understand it,’ she said. ‘On the news last night, they did show how some of the students talking about how badly they had been treated and the effort it had taken for them to cross the border. ‘But I also think that Poland has exceeded all expectations in accepting 150,000 refugees.’ Some viewers took issue with Charlene responding to the reports of racial injustice and criticised her for ‘playing the race card’, despite the issue of racism being a part of the unfolding narrative. Speaking out following the discussion, she penned: ‘For those throwing the phrase, “playing the race card” at me today re @loosewomen… let me be VERY clear. ‘You feeling uncomfortable hearing someone talking about race is not my concern, when the concern ought to be directed towards the victims who are subjected to it.’ Many applauded Charlene for bringing attention to the accounts of racism at the Ukraine border, with one writing: ‘You said what needed to be said. If people can’t handle it that’s their own cup of tea! Thank you for highlighting what is going on.’ ‘I just don’t understand why people choose to blatantly deny what is in front of their faces,’ another added. ‘Well done @CharleneWhite for bringing it to mainstream when the masses choose to ignore… As ALWAYs.’ Keep doing what you’re doing, Charlene. Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 