Lisa Kudrow is here for a Friends reboot but on one condition. The actress, 58, can imagine the iconic sitcom returning to screens, but it’s not something she wants to take part in. Lisa says, if a reboot were to happen, she’d want a new cast. When asked on the red carpet at the Better Nate Than Ever premiere this week, the Phoebe Buffay actress expressed her feelings on the idea. Initially, she shut it down, gasping and saying: ‘I don’t think there’s gonna be a Friends reboot.’ ‘I mean, not with any of us in it, but a reboot, you mean like, they hire other actors?’ she continued. After the interviewer clarified that a reboot could mean a whole revamp of the cast, Lisa was super excited and intrigued by the concept. ‘I would love to see what the now version of that would be,’ she said with a smile. Her comments come less than a year since the original Friends cast reunited to revisit the sets, meet with celebrity guests and share behind-the-scenes footage. Lisa joined co-stars Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox, Matt LeBlanc, Matthew Perry and David Schwimmer for the TV special. It’s no surprise talks of a reboot are already floating around, with the likes of Gossip Girl and Saved by the Bell being resurrected in recent years. Fellow Friends actor Courteney was also asked about a potential reboot in 2020, to which she said she could picture Timothée Chalamet in the role of Joey Tribbiani. Who knows if a Friends reboot will ever come into fruition, since co-creator Marta Kauffman strongly shut down the idea at a Tribeca TV Festival panel in 2019. ‘We did the show we wanted to do. We got it right, and we put a bow on it. If you visited those characters now, it just would not be the same DNA and chances are, it wouldn’t be as good,’ Marta said. So, it sounds unlikely the original creators will take on a reboot, but who knows what could happen and if someone else might explore it. Friends hit screens in September 1994 and the final episode aired in May 2004. It has gone on to enjoy global success and propelled its stars to worldwide fame. The 2021 comedy/drama Friends: The Reunion was hosted by James Corden and gave longtime fans a trip down memory lane. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sharon Osbourne joins TalkTV with ‘good friend’ Piers Morgan after The Talk exit MORE : Kate Moss’ sister Lottie smokes marijuana and strips topless in OnlyFans video after rehab stint 