Katie Price and Carl Woods nicely dodged the wet weather of the UK as they took a stroll in balmy Thailand after jetting away together. The couple have been in Bangkok on their latest getaway, where they were seen taking in the sights together on an evening walk. Katie, 43, and Carl, 33, were seen walking hand in hand in a shopping centre before hitting the streets together. They were dressed for the warmer weather as Carl wore a grey T-shirt and black shorts with a bumbag slung around his shoulder, while Katie opted for a bright blue vest top and patterned skirt. The pair were prepared for a night of walking as both wore comfortable trainers and ankle socks for the outing. The latest trip comes after Katie unveiled the results of her most recent plastic surgery after she got an eye and brow lift. Katie recently told Lorraine Kelly: ‘I’m in my 40s, I did my whole career natural, apart from the boobs, I am gonna have surgery. It’s what I want.’ When Lorraine brought up the ‘pain’ and ‘expense’ of the many surgeries Katie has had over the years, the former glamour model insisted that ‘the face actually isn’t painful.’ She also added she would have ‘never’ have had her teeth done if she hadn’t cracked them falling off of a skateboard when she was younger. Katie added: ‘Everything else, I’m in my 40s, so why not? Everyone knows I’m gonna do it! Everyone picks on me for it! ‘I’m happy, I’m healthy and I’m focusing on the good.’ She has previously been open about the many procedures she has had, even documenting some of them on her YouTube channel. As well as her boob jobs and brow lift, Katie has had liposuction and a Brazilian butt lift among other nips and tucks. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price tried to take her own life before seeking help at Priory: ‘The kids saved me’ MORE : Katie Price says Harvey is one of few who ‘doesn’t judge her’ as she opens up on him becoming more independent 