Top sportsmen are always on trial but it is difficult to recall so many players in one team being under such minute scrutiny as Joe Root’s England when they take on the West Indies in Antigua today. Let’s take Root, the captain. As the best all-round batsman, Root is worth his place many times over. Yet his captaincy, since taking over four-and-a-half years ago, has been the poor relation to his batting and bowling, and his bowling is not that flash. His team’s 4-0 defeat in the Ashes seven weeks ago was the second such hammering under his leadership and not many England captains survive one such drubbing, let alone two. His survival as captain in the wake of that Ashes defeat, following the sackings of England’s head coach, director of cricket and batting coach, seems to have come with certain conditions from the man responsible for the cull, Sir Andrew Strauss. Firstly, that Root bats at No.3, a position he has generally tried to avoid during his Test career and secondly, that he starts to find ways of taking wickets abroad without James Anderson and Stuart Broad. Strauss is a man who believes in making bold decisions and then sticking with them, but some have questioned whether he should have made the sweeping changes he did given his role, like coach Paul Collingwood’s, is temporary until he and the ECB board appoint a new coach and director, and possibly a new chief selector for the summer. Strauss’ response has been that he wants to give the new coach as much information about as many players as possible, which suggest this is a fact-finding experiment rather than a tour England must win. If it looks a bit foolhardy, given England’s lack of success in the West Indies (one series win there in 55 years), changes have to be made at some stage, especially when the usual opening bowlers, Broad and Anderson, have a collective age of 74. Some will argue it might have been better to introduce new blood during a home series but you tend to learn more about players abroad when out of their comfort zone. If England are to contest the final of World Test Championship in the next ten years (they are presently bottom of the current one), they must build a team for all conditions and not just the green, green grass of home. It would help Root if Ben Stokes was to return to full bore with bat and ball. During the Ashes, the all-rounder looked disorientated, as if it was all a bit new to him. Maybe it was. A long lay-off can revivify a tired body and mind but it can also cause a player to forget vital processes; like how tough it can be in the middle and the mental means one calls upon to ensure such situations don’t overwhelm. A fit and firing Stokes would help England balance their bowling attack and give Root more options. If Stokes can’t bowl his fair share (14-20 overs a day), then another bowler or bowling all-rounder must play. In theory, that weakens the batting, though that became questionable in Australia where all but Root and Jonny Bairstow were found wanting. Righting those batting failures and getting enough runs for their bowlers to pressure opponents is where England’s primary challenge lies. To address it, England dropped both openers from the Ashes tour and picked Alex Lees, a 28-year old left-hander Root knew from the time when Lees was Yorkshire captain (he is now at Durham). Lees, who will open with Zak Crawley, is said to have a sound mentality, which is a start, but has he a sound technique as well? So many of the batsmen England have called upon these past few years have made runs in county cricket but have been exposed in Tests where the bowling is less forgiving and more forensic in probing technical glitches. Whenever I have seen Lees previously, he has looked organised but unsure against the bouncer, something of a staple among West Indian quick bowlers. Hopefully, he’s found some options for it. England’s top six has three still finding their way in Lees, Crawley and Dan Lawrence, and three old stagers in Root, Stokes and Bairstow, who have seen most things on a cricket field. With Ben Foakes restored to the wicketkeeper’s gloves at seven and Chris Woakes at eight, there should be enough runs to be competitive if the pitches are good. Not that there is any guarantee. The last time England toured the Caribbean, three years ago, the pitches were fruity and they lost 2-1 as Kemar Roach, Alzarri Joseph and Jason Holder, all likely to play this time, took 35 wickets between them. With no Broad or Anderson, others will need to step up to take the 20 wickets generally required to win Test matches. In theory, Woakes has all the attributes to assume the mantle vacated by England’s two alpha male bowlers yet his record abroad is poor (31 wickets at 52.4 as opposed to 94 wickets at 22.7 at home). It is the equivalent of the batsman as flat-track bully and Woakes will be another under scrutiny. With Ollie Robinson suffering a relapse of a back injury suffered in Australia, Woakes will be joined by Mark Wood and two of either Craig Overton, Saqib Mahmood or spinner Jack Leach, the latter if Root and Collingwood see spin as a wicket-taking option rather than a luxury. Wood was England’s best bowler in Australia, in terms of threat, but he probably won’t open the bowling. England feel there is a responsibility to set the tone with the new ball which requires control, something they feel would hinder Wood’s more freewheeling approach. Maybe, but I think it is a cop out by all concerned. One thing that ought to be considered, looking at the bare square either side of the Test pitch prepared at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium, is to have a reverse-swing bowler in the side as the ball is bound to scuff up. That would mean the uncapped Mahmood instead of Overton, though word is that the latter will be sharing the new ball with Woakes. Change, at least as much as England have undertaken, always brings uncertainty but also excitement. As an experiment, though, it is only likely to prove successful if England win. Too many variables have been changed to learn much from defeat. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 