An 11-month-old baby girl died on a mattress soaked in her own urine after her neglectful mum left her chest infection untreated for days. Fartun Jamal, 25, has been found guilty of causing daughter Nafahat’s death in early 2019. Jurors heard she made internet searches for ‘I can’t cope with my child anymore’ and ‘I want to give up my child’. Babysitter Aimee Whittaker-George contacted social services on February 13 after she saw the toddler living in a house littered with nappies, dirty plates and no food. Officers visited the home in Brent Park, London, on February 22 but Jamal had been told about the inspection and managed to make things look improved. Social services were called again on March 8 – by a second babysitter Nicolly Ruffo. This time, they did not tell Jamal they were coming and dropped in unannounced on March 13 but this was also the day Nafahat died. The little girl had been struggling with a chest infection for nine days and her mum had ‘not bothered’ to take her to the daughter to a doctor. The police said: ‘In the bedroom where Nafahat was found, there was human faeces smeared on the walls and window. ‘Nafahat’s cot had a broken and collapsed side and contained several blankets and duvets. The cot and bedding were all soaked in urine.’ During Jamal’s trial, she insisted she had consulted a doctor about Nafahat’s health but Harrow Crown Court determined the mum had instead called a GP’s reception twice. The receptionists were ‘adamant’ they would never give medical advice. The court heard Jamal, who moved from Somalia to the UK at a young age, was abused as a child. She told jurors she ‘instantly fell in love with Nafahat’ but became ‘depressed and anxious’ as she had no support as a parent. ‘I felt useless because of the life I had growing up. I didn’t want the same [for my daughter],’ she said. Jamal was convicted on Friday of one count of causing Nafahat’s death by neglect, two counts of child cruelty in relation to Nafahat, and a third count of child cruelty in relation to another child. Judge Rosa Dean released Jamal on bail but told her it was ‘highly likely’ she would see jail time when she is sentenced on April 29. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.