Mo Salah has reportedly turn downed Liverpool’s latest contract offer and is awaiting a better deal in order to commit his future to the club. The Egyptian’s current contract runs until the summer of 2023 but Liverpool are desperate to tie their talisman down to a new long-term deal as soon as possible to fend off interest from European suitors. However, The Guardian claims Liverpool’s latest offer in December was knocked back by Salah and his team and talks have since broken down. Salah’s intention remains to stay on Merseyside but he feels he deserves better terms than what he’s currently being offered. Jurgen Klopp recently downplayed any suggestions of problems surrounding the attacker’s future but Salah’s agent seems to have another view. On Friday, Salah’s agent Ramy Abbas Issa posted seven laughing emojis on Twitter in apparent response to Klopp’s press conference comments. ‘I think Mo definitely expects this club to be ambitious and we are. It’s Mo’s decision,’ Klopp said. ‘The club did what it can do. It is all fine. All fine from my point of view. Nothing has happened further, no signing, no rejection, we just have to wait. Completely fine, no rush.’ Salah has previously gone public with his desire to stay at Liverpool, the club he’s helped to win the Champions League and Premier League since joining from Roma in 2017. However, The Guardian claim that should he fail to agree a new deal he would be open to joining a Premier League rival. Speaking earlier this month, Jamie Carragher urged Liverpool and the 29-year-old to reach an agreement in the interest of both parties. ‘You’d say every club would love to have Mo Salah but paying someone or taking someone at the age of 32 and giving them a massive contract… when a lot of these teams have maybe got (Kylian) Mbappe, they’ve got (Erling) Haaland), they’ve got the younger generation coming through,’ he said. ‘I think it’d be mad for Liverpool to let him go but I think it would be mad for Mo Salah to leave Liverpool because I think this club and Jurgen Klopp have been great for him as well.’ MORE : Gary Neville names two players he would rather Manchester United sign than Liverpool ace Mohamed Salah MORE : Fabinho’s wife sends message to Alexis Sanchez after red card against Liverpool For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 