Russia was accused of using chemical weapons for the first time in Ukraine yesterday with a phosphorus bomb attack on a frontier town. Dispersed chemicals burn on contact with the body and, while not illegal in warfare, the munitions are banned in populated areas. But footage posted online showed the powder falling over Poposna in the eastern region of Luhansk. ‘The bombing of a civilian city by the Russian attackers with these weapons is a war crime and a crime against humanity,’ said Ukraine’s human rights ombudsman Luidmila Denosova. Russia extended its attacks to the west of the country yesterday, killing 35 people in a missile barrage on an air base 15 miles from the border with Nato. The blasts at the Yaroviv base, where Nato troops trained Ukrainian forces, were heard in Poland. Ukrainian defence minister Oleksii Reznikov tweeted: ‘This is new terrorist attack on peace and security near the EU-Nato border. Action must be taken to stop this. Close the sky!’ Nato said none of its staff was at the base or an airport in the western town of Ivano-Frankivsk which was also bombed. Cabinet minister Michael Gove told the BBC the rocket attacks were a ‘significant escalation’ and accused Russian president Vladimir Putin of having ‘no moral limits’. The risk of the conflict spilling into the EU was amplified after a drone from the war zone crashed in Zagreb, Croatia, on Thursday. It had been packed with explosives but it is not known if the Soviet-era aircraft was Russian or Ukrainian. Nine people were killed by airstrikes in Mykolaiv as Russian troops try to move from the captured city of Kherson to the port of Odesa. Air raid sirens again woke residents in Kyiv yesterday, while in Chernihiv, 100 miles north-east, firefighters rescued people from a burning building after heavy shelling. President Volodymyr Zelensky said 1,300 Ukrainian troops had died in the fighting as he handed out medals to injured troops in hospital yesterday. He said 125,000 people had now fled besieged cities through humanitarian corridors, but an aid convoy was again unable to reach Mariupol where the death toll rose to 2,187. ‘If they decide to erase the history of this region and destroy all of us, then they will enter Kyiv,’ he said in a broadcast. ‘If that’s their goal, they will have to live on this land by themselves.’ Ukraine said Russia had kidnapped two democratically elected mayors after capturing Dniprorudne and Melitopol, branding the invaders ‘criminals’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.