A second David Bowie wax figure has been unveiled at Madame Tussauds this week but this time, it’s as his alter ego Ziggy Stardust. The new wax of the Let’s Dance hitmaker, who died in January 2016, was created in partnership with his estate using information from his 1983 sitting. It was then that Bowie met with museum artists and provided hundreds of precise measurements and hair and skin colour references. A throwback to his Ziggy Stardust era, the figure shows the Starman’s signature red hairstyle, cosmic jumpsuit and celestial make-up made famous in the 1970s. It’s all to celebrate the launch of the Baker Street attraction’s newly revamped music festival zone, which features musical greats of past and present. The general manager of Madame Tussauds London, Tim Waters, said: ‘David Bowie as Ziggy Stardust transcends generations and music genres, making him the ultimate headliner to launch our new music festival zone. ‘We were honoured to work with his estate in what would have been his 75th year and play our small part in keeping his inimitable legacy alive for generations to come. ‘We know that guests love to meet their music heroes here at the attraction. With our new music festival experience, we’ve captured the magic of live music, with legends you literally could not see perform together anywhere else, in a way that only Madame Tussauds London could. ‘There’s also the added bonus of no muddy fields or main-stage clashes to contend with.’ The new area of the attraction also gives guests the opportunity to see figures of Amy Winehouse, Beyonce, Ed Sheeran and Jimmy Hendrix. To celebrate the launch, Madame Tussauds took figures to some of London’s most iconic music locations. The latest Bowie figure made the trip to the Hammersmith Apollo, nearly 50 years after the Space Oddity singer’s last performance there as Ziggy Stardust, and was joined on stage at the venue by rapper Stormzy’s figure. Studio One at Abbey Road Studios, played host to the figures of Ed Sheeran, Amy Winehouse and Freddie Mercury, who have all recorded at the studio. The figure of Jimmy Hendrix graced the stage at Ronnie Scott’s famous Jazz Club, the same stage where his real-life counterpart held his last performance in 1970. Madame Tussauds London’s music festival experience is open to the public from April 1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Wanted’s Nathan Sykes shares heartbreaking tour video after Tom Parker’s death: ‘Our lives will never be the same’ MORE : Nicolas Cage rocks jazzy leopard print trousers on set of Dracula movie Renfield with co-star Nicholas Hoult 