For this week’s How I Do It, in which we get a seven-day sneak peek into the sex life of a stranger, we hear from Patricia – a polyamorous, pansexual, single mother. Patricia, who’s 45, is 18 months out of a relationship of 20 years, and enjoying a new sex life she ‘absolutely loves’. She’s gone from a ‘pretty sexless and very vanilla’ sex life to swinging, and is looking forward to planning her own sex party for the very first time. Having met people from all walks of life through the swinging scene, Patricia says she ‘finds sex very empowering’, adding: ‘I am bigger than I have ever been, but feel more sexy than I have ever felt. ‘I feel safer walking around in a sex club almost naked than I used to in “normal” nightclubs. People will always ask before they touch you and understand that no means no.’ This week, she’s had more than her usual number of encounters… Warning: As you’d expect, this week’s diary features some explicit details about sex, so it’s definitely NSFW. I woke up and, like most people, checked my phone for messages. I pinged off a few ‘good mornings’ to my regular partners – of which there are currently three – as well as to a few friends, and got up. Once the school run was over and morning emails dealt with, I browsed a popular swingers website, looking for anyone I might like to invite to the swingers sex party I’m hosting in a few weeks. It’ll be my first, and I’m very excited about it. Hopefully, I’ll be able to host one every few months if it goes well. I ended up sexting with a guy once my work and parenting duties were over. He was working very late and ended up driving past my house for a very quick snog. I never have anyone over when the children are in the house, so this quick kiss and fumble in the porch felt especially naughty. I woke up feeling very horny, and after I got home from the school run, I masturbated several times. I love playing with toys and sometimes use several, but I had a busy day ahead, so used my favourite – it’s got a ‘sucking’ action and is popular with a lot of the women I play with. The guy from yesterday was on my mind and he popped over briefly on his lunch break – a quick fumble, an orgasm and a blowjob later and we both spent the afternoon with grins on our faces. Horny again – as always these days. The guy was due to come over again in the morning, but work delayed his arrival. We worked out that we had a few hours before we had to collect our respective kids from school, so he came over to mine. We had a chat and a cuppa – as we’d realised I’d so far spent longer with his tongue or cock in my mouth than we had actually talking in person. It was well worth the wait as we had great sex – twice – and lots of cuddles afterwards. I spent the rest of the day working and parenting, then more party-planning. The kids see their dad after school and every other week, I meet up with one of my regular partners. We talk on the phone or message every day and although neither of us wants to have a serious ‘relationship’, we definitely have a deep and very fun friendship. With him, we have very hot and kinky sessions that last for five-six hours, full of fun and orgasms. This week, however, I’d arranged a meeting with a masseuse. We started in the hot tub with a glass of wine and a chat about our days at work and politics, but were soon naked and having fun. He was as good as his word and I had an amazing full body massage from him. We had sex afterwards which was a lot of fun (although the poor guy was struggling with not coming too soon, so that did put a bit of a dampener on it). He’s travelling a lot with work, but have already arranged our next meeting for when he gets back. I woke up horny – as usual – and checked my messages on the swinging site. A gorgeous lesbian lady and I started chatting. By late afternoon, I drove over and picked her up from her house. We had some awesome sex and played with quite a few of my toys. At one point I was messaging my ex about picking up the children, while she was giving me incredible oral, which was very hot. I have a sex bucket list that I’m working my way through – we ticked off a few things that afternoon and I added a few new things too. In the evening, I collected the kids from my ex, and we had a pizza and movie night. They’re with me this weekend, so it’s all about parenting for the majority of the time. We had a lie-in and spent some time talking about things that are important to my kids at the moment. These included politics, the war in Ukraine, and as they have celebrated LGBTQ+ history month at school, we talked about acceptance and the power of living your own life. Once they were in bed, I was back chatting to my friends and planning next week in terms of meets and things. A quiet one today as my daughter tested positive for Covid – luckily she was fine, and I stayed negative, although her being at home meant last-minute changes to some of my plans. More party organising, lots of co-ordinating with my partners, who will all be coming. It will be the first time we have all played together, so I’m really looking forward to it. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How I Do It: ‘I have juvenile arthritis – this is what a week in my sex life looks like’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I left a sexless marriage and started to secretly write about my love life – this is my week in sex’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’ve never had an orgasm – here’s a week in my sex life’