A 12-year-old boy who has slept in a tent every night for the past two years is ending his charity camp-out this weekend – having raised a staggering £700,000. Max Woosey, from Devon, has enjoyed a night camping in several high-profile locations, including London Zoo, Downing Street and Twickenham Rugby Stadium. This weekend will mark the two year anniversary since the start of his challenge in March 2020. In that time he has raised £598,000, which amounts to more than £700,000 when Gift Aid is factored in – enough to pay the annual salary of 20 hospice nurses. He’ll be joined on Saturday by Countdown star Carol Vorderman, in an event which will also feature live music throughout the day. Max, who received a British Empire Medal for his efforts last year, said: ‘The whole thing has been a bit of a dream. ‘I have met so many amazing people and done so many amazing things such as going to Twickenham and 10 Downing Street. ‘It has been incredible and just going to the Pride of Britain was amazing. There has been so many highlights. ‘The tent is now my home and I don’t know how to sleep in bed. I don’t think I would be able to sleep inside now.’ His mum, Rachael Woosey, added the family will now be ‘a lot more passive’ going forward, with the fundraising winding down. ‘Max will then quietly do this thing and it will become less about fundraising and more just a way of life,’ she said. Max’s decision to remain outside after Saturday is despite previous attempts by the family to coax him back into the house. Rachael continued: ‘A lot of family members thought enough was enough after six months and there was a big pull to get him back inside. ‘As far as we are concerned if he is in fresh air and sleeping well then we don’t have a problem with it.’ Max began camping in his back garden in memory of his neighbour, Rick Abbot, who died in February 2019 aged 74. Rick had given Max a tent before his passing, telling him to have an adventure with it. The schoolboy said he has slept in 14 different tents during the challenge, with one tent being destroyed by strong winds just last month. Max raised money for the North Devon Hospice, which cared for his friend before he passed away. When Max began the challenge the organisation was facing a £1million fall in funding as a result of coronavirus restrictions. His mum said: ‘What he has achieved for the hospice has made such a difference, but as an individual he has also grown in confidence and that will set him up for the future. ‘He has an amazing sense of self now and will carry that forward I am sure.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.