Lorraine Kelly has revealed the reason why an emergency evacuation was carried out at ITV studios… and it turns out it was all over a ‘wee present with a battery’. Yesterday, ITV was taken off air after a security alert over a ‘suspicious package’, with pre-recorded episodes of This Morning and Loose Women played instead of the live programmes. It was later reported that Lorraine had been named on the package, with an ITV spokesperson telling Metro.co.uk: ‘The issue has been resolved and staff have returned to the building following the all clear from the police.’ On Friday’s edition of Good Morning Britain, Ben Shephard and Kate Garraway briefly spoke to Lorraine about what viewers could expect on her eponymous show, with Ben asking the host about her connection to the evacuation. When asked by Ben whether she was ‘responsible’ for the evacuation, Lorraine explained that her understanding of the situation was that she was sent a present that sparked concern when it was scanned. ‘I am told somebody from a film company sent me a wee present and it had a battery in it, and when they X-rayed it it looked a little bit suspicious,’ she said. However, she assured the presenting pair that everything is now ok, adding: ‘But it was all fine and dandy.’ Lorraine also pointed out that it ‘shows the system works’ following the security alert. After the evacuation occurred, a source told The Sun that people were ‘shaken up’ when they found out the package had been addressed to Lorraine. ‘Word quickly got around that whatever the box contained, it was addressed to Lorraine,’ they said. ‘Everyone at ITV loves her – so people were upset and very concerned over the whole incident. Fortunately everyone is safe, but it shakes everyone up.’ While the incident sparked worry, This Morning presenter Phillip Schofield revealed that he headed straight to the pub after being evacuated from the studio. ‘Thank you to our team @thisistvc and @metpolice_uk for being amazing…I’ve been to the pub with everyone now back to get my house keys,’ he wrote on Instagram. A spokesperson for the Met Police told Metro.co.uk: ‘At 11:14hrs on Thursday, 10 March, police were called to reports of a security alert at Wood Lane, White City. ‘It was reported a suspicious item had been discovered. ‘The area was evacuated as a precaution and White City and Wood Lane tube stations were temporarily closed. ‘The incident was stood down shortly before 12:49hrs. An investigation is ongoing.’ Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan and Lorraine Kelly condemn ‘disgraceful’ Boris Johnson and Priti Patel after UK welcomes just 50 Ukrainian refugees MORE : Dancing On Ice 2022: Connor Ball ‘terrified’ ahead of semi-finals with Lorraine Kelly branding him ‘one of the show’s most accident-prone celebs’ 