When Sarah Everard was murdered by Wayne Couzens on March, 3, 2021, it sent shockwaves up and down the country. Many women saw themselves as the ‘kind and strong’ 33-year-old marketing executive. At the time of her murder, she was lured into the car by the then-serving Metropolitan Police Officer under the guise of a Covid restriction breach. Everard was walking home from her friends’ flat when she was murdered, with ‘she was walking home’ becoming a rallying battle cry as people expressed their despair over the constant threat women face at the hands of men. On March 12, 2021, not-for-profit organisation Reclaim These Streets took the Met to court. A vigil in tribute to Sarah was planned to take place the following day, and the organisation sought a High Court declaration that any ban on outdoor gatherings under the coronavirus regulations at the time was ‘subject to the right to protest’. This appeal was ultimately rejected, and the organisers were warned that they would face fines of £10,000 each and possible prosecution if they went ahead with the vigil, with the Met arguing that it was at odds with Covid-19 restrictions. Consequently, Reclaim These Streets cancelled the vigil: but hundreds of people, including grassroots feminist organisation Sisters Uncut, attended the event regardless. A year on from the event, which sparked widespread protests and criticism following what many people interpreted as a heavy-handed approach by attending police officers, Metro.co.uk spoke to a number of attendees. ‘We arrived at the Common early and it was already full,’ Leah Quinn, one attendee, tells Metro.co.uk. ‘It felt peaceful and sad. Some people talking, a lot of people crying. ‘It changed an hour or so later when the police presence grew and the Met began to push us back from the bandstand as groups like Sisters Uncut spoke about the Met’s role in violence against marginalised genders.’ Georgia Lewis, who also attended the vigil, had a similar experience. She tells Metro.co.uk that the event started off as being ‘powerful, moving and respectful – a gathering of sorrow and anger’, but added that it ‘turned ugly very quickly with more police officers appearing, trying to get people to disperse’. ‘There was no need for that,’ she says. ‘Women just wanted to take the time to reflect and express themselves. ‘It was a chilly night, everyone would have peacefully gone home of their own accord. By the time I got home about half an hour later, there were disturbing scenes on the news and on Twitter.’ Circe, another attendee at the vigil, has kept her name anonymous in order to preserve her privacy. She tells Metro.co.uk: ‘We had the right to grieve. We had the right to say goodbye to our sister that was taken away from this earth by one of them.‘ She continues: ‘As a sex worker I have never trusted the police — I’ve heard way too many horror stories from my colleagues to be able to do so —but witnessing the way the behaved in Clapham Common last year has destroyed every last bit of trust I had in them.’ The vigll led to outrage over women’s safety and police powers, with more than a thousand people marching to Parliament Square the next day in a protest organised by Sisters Uncut. In a statement to Metro.co.uk, Sisters Uncut said that there is ‘rife institutional misogyny within policing’. ‘We gathered at Clapham Common last year in our grief and anger because the police told us to stay at home,’ a spokesperson for the organisation said. ‘The behaviour of police that night showed us what we already knew: the police are the perpetrators of violence against women.’ A number of protests against police powers and womens safety continued into March and April this year. These series of protests, which were dubbed ‘Kill the Bill,’ were also organised opposition of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Bill which, if passed, grants the police more power to enforce against protesters along with stronger legal ramifications if one protests. For Leah, the vigil was instrumental in sparking this opposition against police powers. ‘I think Sarah’s vigil demonstrated to a wider (often white) audience that the Met don’t represent us,’ she says. ‘Groups of people who had previously seen the Met as protectors finally saw what marginalised groups have been saying for decades. I think it opened eyes.’ An initial review into how policing was conducted at the vigil was published in March 2021, with the review concluding that officers ‘did not act inappropriately’ and that the force they used was ‘justified’. However, following a legal battle between Reclaim These Streets (the original organisers of the 2021 vigil) and the Met, High Court judges ruled that in banning the event, the police force breached organisers’ rights to freedom of speech and assembly. This ruling came March 12, 2022, but for one vigil attendee, it will take a long time to repair the wounds that were made last year. To preserve this attendee’s anonymity, we will refer to her as Rebecca. ‘I’m happy that they acknowledged what many of us believed in the first place, which is that the Met did not handle it appropriately. I’m very glad that happened,’ Rebecca says. She adds, however, that she remains ‘disappointed’ by what happened at the vigil, and admitted that her ‘perspective on police and women’s safety have not necessarily changed’. ‘I think there needs to be more done to save women,’ she says. ‘I’m not sure if things have gotten better or worse. You know, it might seem worse, because there have been other women that have been hurt in the years since.’ Last year saw the highest number of sexual assaults and rapes on record in the UK, while history repeated itself in autumn 2021 when primary school teacher Sabina Nessa was found dead after walking in a park at approximately 7pm that evening. Koci Selamaj is currently charged with murdering Nessa and is awaiting further trial and sentencing. The year also saw a spate of controversies concerning police misconduct and misogyny. Sexist, ableist and homophobic Whatsapp messages sent by Met officers were exposed, with officers making multiple references to sexual violence in one exchange. One police officer joked about ‘luring’ people where Everard’s body was found while two PCs were found to have taken inappropriate pictures with the bodies of two murdered sisters. ‘I don’t know how I feel about the future of the Met,’ Leah admits. ‘I don’t think they represent us and I don’t think they keep us safe. I don’t think more Met officers on the streets make women safer either.’ She adds: ‘Ultimately, I see two problems here: a violent system propped up by the patriarchy and state violence, and the perpetrators being the very people who say that hey will keep us safe.’ A UK-wide investigation also found that there have been at least 750 sexual misconduct claims made against police officers in the past year while the Met were widely criticised for their response to renewed women’s safety concerns in autumn 2021, as they encouraged women to ‘flag down a bus’ if they felt they were in danger. As violence against women continues to be a problem in 2022 — with 125 women killed in the UK since the murder of Sarah Everard — vigil attendee Georgia tells Metro.co.uk that like half of all UK women, she often feels unsafe and anxious when she’s outside at night alone. ‘I try not to be scared if I’m out by myself in London,’ she explains, ‘I don’t stop myself from living my life, but violence against women is always on your mind and you take precautions, such as avoiding poorly lit areas or carrying keys like a weapon.’ ‘But sometimes,’ she adds, ‘dark areas are unavoidable and I don’t know how effective my keys would be against someone physically stronger than I am. I’m 5’1″ and I have arthritic knees and ankles. I hate feeling vulnerable.’ In terms of moving forward, the Metropolitan Police are working to rebuild trust between themselves and the wider community amid Cressida Dick’s recent resignation from the role of Commissioner— but a spokesperson admitted in a previous statement to Metro.co.uk that this may take some time. ‘[The] work to build trust is very much ongoing and gathering pace,’ the spokesperson said. ‘But we know we cannot, and are not waiting, to begin building the public’s confidence that our police officers will protect and respect them.’ For vigil attendee Rebecca, the key to help turn the tide on violence against women once and for all isn’t policing, but education. ‘I think that until we can tackle misogyny, and violence against women at a young age at schools, and in turn build a non-misogynistic society, this will continue happening,’ she says. ‘Police powers have been steadily increasing over the last few years. And if the Police, Crime and Sentencing Bill passes, their powers will only increase more. I’m not sure that is actually the best way to keep people safe, but what do I know?’ Above all, as a year passes from the day people gathered at Clapham Common to pay tribute to Everard, attendees like Circe are reflecting on what was lost. ‘It’s been a year, but a day doesn’t go past where I don’t think about Sarah,’ she says. ‘I think about her when I say goodbye to my friends after a night out, worrying about whether they’ll make it home safe, I think about her when I hear a car slow down as I’m walking home. I think about her every time a man walks a bit too close to me. ‘The tragedy of her death is what we as women fear every single day. That’s why it had such an incredible impact on our lives: it could have been any of us.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Met ‘breached rights of Sarah Everard vigil organisers’, High Court rules MORE : Hundreds gather to remember Sarah Everard at vigil one year on from her murder MORE : One year on from Sarah Everard’s death, what are the Met doing to rebuild trust?