WWE legend Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson has told Scott Hall to ‘stay strong’ as the Hall of Famer is fighting for his life. The Hollywood star paid tribute to Hall – who made his name in the then-WWF as Razor Ramon – and called on the Bad Guy to get ‘back in the game’ as the former Intercontinental Champion is on life support after suffering three heart attacks on Saturday. Reacting to the news on Twitter, The Rock said: ‘Scott Hall, pulling for you my friend. Stay strong! We need the “bad guy” back in the game’. The whole wrestling world is pulling for Hall and praying for his recover following a report from PWTorch that he is being cared for at Wellstar Kennestone Hospital in Marietta, Georgia. He underwent hip replacement surgery last week, but he then suffered a serious complication after a blood clot got loose. WWE star Paige tweeted: ‘“Bad times don’t last. But bad guys do.” Sending so much love, thoughts and prayers to Scott Hall right now and his family. Wishing for a speedy recovery for you!’ SmackDown veteran Natalya wrote: ‘Saying prayers for Scott Hall and his family right now. “Hard work pays off, dreams come true. Bad times don’t last, but bad guys do…”’ And Hall’s fellow WWE Hall of Famer John ‘Bradshaw’ Layfield said: ‘All my love, respect and prayers to Scott Hall. Rooting for the Bad Guy to kick out, we are all pulling for you brother.’ Raw wrestler Damian Priest added: ‘Hoping Scott stays [strong] and comes out ok.#PrayForBadGuy’. Another Hall of Famer in ‘Road Dogg’ Jesse James wrote: ‘Your will be done God, not mine! I pray it’s your will for Scott Hall to make a full and speedy recovery.’ ‘Speedy recovery my brother,’ wrote Hall’s close friend Diamond Dallas Page, while his former WCW boss Eric Bischoff added: ‘Prayers for Scott Hall’ Hall is held in high regard as one of wrestling’s most influential stars in the 1990s, starting with his days in the then-WWF as Razor Ramon before finding huge success as a member of the New World Order (nWo) when he and Kevin Nash jumped to WCW. He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2014, and has made occasional appearances for the company – including the following year when he came out with Hulk Hogan, Nash and Sean ‘X-Pac’ Waltman to help Sting during his WrestleMania 31 match with Triple H. They were looking to even the odds as The Game was backed by D-Generation X teammates Road Dogg, Billy Gunn and Shawn Michaels, but in the end Triple H picked up the win. Meanwhile, Hall again reunited with Hogan, Nash and Waltman for last year’s 2020/2021 combined Hall of Fame ceremony as the quartet were inducted as members of the nWo. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Drew McIntyre recalls WWE legend Rey Mysterio going out of his way to directly push for him early in his career MORE : WWE star Big E provides incredible health update after suffering broken neck in horror fall 