Ed Sheeran has revealed he spoke to late cricket player Shane Warne just days before his death. The sportsman’s death was announced on Friday by his management, with a statement that confirmed he was ‘found unresponsive in his villa’. His cause of death is a suspected heart attack and his family have asked for privacy at this time. Singer-songwriter Sheeran, 31, paid tribute to Warne as he said ‘the world keeps taking incredible people away’. He added that he only spoke to the cricket legend this week on the anniversary of his other friend’s death, Michael Gudinski. Music mogul Gudinski died in March 2 last year at the age of 68, with the Bad Habits hitmaker remembering him as ‘a father figure and a mentor’. Taking to Instagram to share a sweet snap of Gudinski with Warne backstage at one of the star’s concerts, the pop star wrote: ‘I spoke to Shane on the anniversary of Michael’s passing this week saying we were both raising a glass of 707 in his honour, and now this news comes out.’ He continued: ‘Shane was the kindest heart, and always went above and beyond to make people feel welcome and special. Such a gentleman. ‘He gave so many hours and years of his life to bring joy to others, and was such an amazing friend to me. Il bloody miss you mate. Absolutely gutted.’ When Gudinski’s death was announced, the Lego House singer explained that he was a ‘tornado of joy’ and it was ‘hard to put into words’ the impact that the businessman had on his life. Sharing a series of personal snaps, he added that ‘you would know he arrived in the building just by hearing the chaotic bark of his, and you could feel the room get excited about the arrival of his presence.’ Sheeran sang for Gudinski’s memorial service, and is one of the many celebrities honouring Warne after his shock death. Following the shocking news of Warne’s death, BBC Breakfast host Dan Walker remembered him appearing on the morning show just a few weeks ago, referring to him as ‘effervescent.’ Warne enjoyed a lengthy career in cricket before retiring from the sport completely in 2013 and venturing into commentary. He also had a turbulent love life and was often the talk of tabloids thanks to his high-profile romance with actress Elizabeth Hurley. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Hugh Jackman ‘grateful to have known’ cricket legend and friend Shane Warne in tribute following star’s sudden death age 52 MORE : Shane Warne’s showbiz career, from cricket extraordinaire to commentator and talk of the tabloids 