Manchester United face a big task to convince Declan Rice to move to Old Trafford with the Red Devils not the midfielder’s preferred choice of next club, according to reports. The West Ham star is one of the most in-demand players in Europe and, while he is not publicly pushing for a move, is believed to be keen to test himself at a higher level and compete in the Champions League. But the east London club will not let the 23-year-old – who has a contract until 2024, with the option for a further year – leave without putting up a fight. The Hammers reportedly value Rice at an astonishing £150million and will not accept anything less than a British-record fee for a player who has shone for both club and country in recent years. West Ham’s hopes of receiving a fee of that magnitude are not that far-fetched, with Chelsea and Manchester City joining United in showing interest in the midfielder. There were suggestions that Chelsea’s chances of landing Rice had decreased due to the uncertainty surrounding the club’s ownership, with Roman Abramovich currently in the process of selling the club. But The Evening Standard report otherwise, claiming that Rice has not been put off by the prospect of Abramovich leaving Chelsea. In a further blow to United’s hopes of landing Rice, the former Chelsea academy player’s preference is to return to Stamford Bridge and he would be prepared to wait to see what the west London club look like under new ownership before making a decision over his future. While Rice is loving life at West Ham, he and his family all support Chelsea and he idolised John Terry growing up, making the Blues his dream club to play for. However, if Chelsea’s new ownership are less willing to splash the cash than Abramovich, he would also be open to joining United and spoke glowingly about Old Trafford when he played there earlier this season for West Ham. Any move for Rice is not imminent from United, with the club currently focused on appointing a new permanent manager, but they are conscious of the need to sign at least two new midfielders with Paul Pogba set to depart on a free transfer when his contract expires. Rice is highly rated by United’s recruitment team, though £150m could be too steep a price to pay and the midfielder may need to push for a move to lower the asking price. MORE : Details of Erik ten Hag’s ‘positive’ interview with Manchester United hierarchy emerge MORE : Rio Ferdinand responds to claims he will be Erik ten Hag’s assistant at Manchester United For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 