Sir Steve McQueen received his knighthood today at Windsor Castle and he couldn’t have looked more chuffed. The Oscar-winning filmmaker was recognised for his services to art and film and was bestowed the honour by Princess Anne on Tuesday. After the investiture, Sir Steve, 52, took photos on the castle’s grounds and looked thrilled as he held up his knighthood medallion. The director posed beside his proud mother Mary, and said he was ‘very happy’ she was able to witness the momentous occasion. When asked what was discussed with the Princess Royal, Sir Steve told PA: ‘We discussed pending projects I’m doing – I’m doing a film called Blitz and we discussed that. ‘The Blitz is the one we’re working on which we hopefully start some time in the autumn. ‘It’s about London, starting in 1940, this is what we’re attempting to do and we’ll see how it pans out.’ Sir Steve is best known for helming the critically acclaimed period movie, 12 Years A Slave starring Chiwetel Ejiofor, which won the best picture Oscar in 2014 making it the first film with a Black director to do so. The powerful drama told the story of Solomon Northup, a free black man in the US who was kidnapped and sold into slavery. Most recently, he released the BBC anthology series Small Axe, which featured five films set in London’s West Indian community. Speaking about the well-received series, Sir Steve said: ‘It was about telling broader stories about British lives and shining a light on a history which wasn’t given a platform. ‘For me it was about getting it out in the everyday.’ He is also known for his 2008 historical drama Hunger and 2011 film Shame. In 1999, Sir Steve won the prestigious Turner Prize and was then made Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 2011 for services to the visual arts. The Uprising filmmaker previously shared his feelings about being knighted and told the Big Issue in 2020: ‘My younger self wouldn’t give a damn about my knighthood. ‘”What is he doing with it?” That is what he would ask. ‘The country I come from gave me this high award – and that’s great. But it doesn’t mean anything unless you can actually use it.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who is Nick Candy’s wife Holly Valance and do they have children? MORE : Scott Hall dead: Hulk Hogan struggled to leave the house after hearing WWE legend had died 