Senior royals stepped up to represent the Queen as she missed the Commonwealth Day service for the first time in a decade today. Her Majesty sent a written message to the 2.5 billion citizens in the ‘family of nations’ for the annual celebration on Monday. She said she hoped the people of the Commonwealth ‘can draw strength and inspiration from what we share’ during these ‘testing times’. It came after she asked Prince Charles to represent her at the Westminster Abbey service. The Prince of Wales was seen arriving with wife Camilla by his side, before the couple greeted Prince William and Kate Middleton with kisses on the cheeks. Although the Queen has recently recovered from Covid, the decision to stay home is being interpreted as a mobility issue rather than a new health problem. The monarch’s announcement came after the order of service was printed, with the congregation required to stand when she arrived and made her way to her seat. The 95-year-old is understood to be ‘pacing herself’ as she is due to celebrate her 96th birthday in under six weeks. She is said to be ‘regretful’ to miss the service but keen to make sure she can attend a service of thanksgiving to honour her beloved husband Prince Philip, who died on March 29 last year. Prime Minister Boris Johnson, Labour leader Keir Starmer, Home Secretary Priti Patel and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss were present today. TV personality David Walliams was also spotting arriving at Westminster Abbey with his mother Kathleen this afternoon. As the service began, the Very Reverend Dr David Hoyle, the Dean of Westminster, praised the Queen who is celebrating her Platinum Jubilee. He told the congregation: ‘In this jubilee year, in which we rejoice in the 70 years that Her Majesty the Queen has presided over this Commonwealth, we also thank God for her faithfulness and commit ourselves to learn from an example of duty and service. ‘In words and music in the Abbey, we will now retrace the steps of her great Commonwealth tour begun 70 years ago.’ Hours earlier, the Queen had encouraged the ‘family of nations’ to come together for the ‘common good’. Her remarks come during a difficult time for millions, with Vladimir Putin’s Ukraine invasion threatening European peace and many countries still battling Covid, among other issues. ‘In this year of my Platinum Jubilee, it has given me pleasure to renew the promise I made in 1947, that my life will always be devoted in service’, she said. ‘Today, it is rewarding to observe a modern, vibrant and connected Commonwealth that combines a wealth of history and tradition with the great social, cultural and technological advances of our time. ‘That the Commonwealth stands ever taller is a credit to all who have been involved.’ ‘Our family of nations continues to be a point of connection, co-operation and friendship. ‘It is a place to come together to pursue common goals and the common good, providing everyone with the opportunity to serve and benefit. ‘In these testing times, it is my hope that you can draw strength and inspiration from what we share, as we work together towards a healthy, sustainable and prosperous future for all.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.