Michael Vaughan blasted England after they ‘capitulated’ in the series decider against West Indies in Grenada. The hosts look set to wrap up an impressive victory tomorrow after Joe Root’s side suffered yet another batting collapse on day three. Windies, beginning the day with a slender lead of 28, took that figure to almost three figures as wicketkeeper Joshua Da Silver scored a superb century and shared a 52-run last-wicket partnership with tailender Jayden Seales. A lead of 93 appeared significant, especially after West Indies were faltering on 95-6 on day two, and England slumped to 103-8 by the close of play to lead by just 10. The seemingly innocuous Kyle Mayers claimed extraordinary figures of 5/9 from 13 overs as West Indies look to maintain their impressive home record against England and inflict a fifth defeat in nine Tests on Root’s team. ‘Kyle Mayers has got 7-22 in the game. He’s a good all-rounder and he’s skillful but he’s no Joel Garner or Curtly Ambrose,’ former captain Vaughan told BT Sport. ‘This England team have almost thrown in the white towel. When the pressure is on they’ve once again failed to cope. ‘Kyle Mayers was fantastic – he was just getting enough of the surface. It was line and length – that was just it. ‘The resistance in this England team in non-existent. There’s no fight, no togetherness – there’s no spirit in this England team. ‘You don’t gift the opposition an easy win. We saw it in Australia and we saw it again today. ‘This West Indies team are just OK and to see this England team just capitulate with no spirit or fight – there are big questions to ask.’ England lost another of soft wickets as they endured another collapse, with Root and Zak Crawley edging wide deliveries and Ben Stokes and Dan Lawrence dismissed not playing a shot. Ben Foakes was run out in the evening session as West Indies closed in on victory and Vaughan added: ‘I don’t think there was any dismissal today that couldn’t have been avoided. There wasn’t one jaffa. ‘It is just the pressure. The England side can’t seem to mentally be able to cope with the pressure.’ England batting coach Marcus Trescothick, meanwhile, said the team were ‘disappointed and gutted’ after the day’s play but insisted there had still been positives to take from the tour. West Indies held England – who were thrashed 4-0 by Australia in last winter’s Ashes series – to two draws in the opening two Tests in the Caribbean on flat pitches. ‘The boys are disappointed and gutted. They got more runs than we wanted and we lost too many wickets this afternoon,’ Trescothick said. ‘I think the boys are fairly honest about what they have done. In the critical moments in the game we haven’t got it right, We can only put our hands admit that and be better. ‘Today has not been right but a lot of what we have done has been good for the team and some great performances. Let’s not judge it just on today. We had two great Test matches. ‘I’ll speak with the batters individually, how the tour has gone from them. We will address things, and try to be better. We had two good Test matches. Don’t judge the whole series on one day.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 