Britain’s housing stock is the oldest and worst insulated in Europe, a problem that’s come into stark focus due to rising energy costs. According to government research, around 85% of UK homes use gas central heating, and one in five poorly-ventilated properties has severe condensation and mould. Record energy price rises are about to hit hard, after regulator Ofgem upped the cap that limits what consumer can pay by 54%. Issues like the Ukraine crisis and reduced gas stocks due a cold winter factored into the move that comes into force next month, costing 22 million households up to £693 a year more on their bill. That’s not money most of us can afford to lose right now, which is why many are looking to alternative methods to keep themselves warm – including going completely gas free. But is it the money-saving smoking gun to beat growing costs, and is it even viable for most? We explore the benefits and drawbacks, as well as giving you some tips to go gas free if you choose. The first thing you’re likely considering when going gas free is the savings you can make on your energy bill. Yet gas heating is, for the most part, cheaper than electricity, so it’s worth doing your homework to see if it’s cost-effective for you. The unit cost of gas heating is 4.65p/kWh, while the unit cost of electricity is 16p/kWh. You’ll also pay a standing charge regardless of how much energy you use, generally between 5p and 80p a day dependent on your supplier and where you live. If money is your main concern, higher running costs and an initial outlay to install a new power source means it might not be financially viable to switch. Electricity does have a number of benefits over gas heating, though, most notably that it has a lower carbon footprint. Most suppliers offer green tariffs where you can save cash by opting for renewable electricity, and you retain more heat than with gas boilers, which can lose up to 50% of the heat they produce through pipes. Some may also be worried about our reliance on foreign gas due to current geopolitical unrest. Yet, although EU countries get 40% of their gas from Russia, the figure for the UK sits at under 5%. We still feel the pinch as worldwide wholesale prices fluctuate, but aren’t dependent on Russia specifically, getting most of our supply from the North Sea, Norway, and further afield. Whether it’s right to go gas free all depends on your circumstances and concerns, from financial to environmental. If you can afford to switch to a more eco-friendly energy source then it’s definitely something to consider, but that’s not an option for many. If you’ve decided you want to move away from fossil fuels, you’ll next need to think about what you’ll replace your gas boiler with. The most practical option for most will be electric heaters, as plug-in appliances don’t require property changes that can be costly (and aren’t in reach for renters). Modern electric heaters often have energy-efficient features like digital thermostats and automatic shut-offs, and you can use them only in occupied rooms to cut down your usage. Do your research when purchasing to see whether each model is cost-effective and good for the environment, as well as switching your tariff to a renewable one. For a more permanent solution, an electric boiler can be installed in your property. These require fewer services than gas boilers and are handy in smaller homes as there’s no need for a flue pipe. Downsides include the high unit cost of electricity compared to gas and that you won’t be able to heat your home during a powercut. Heat pumps are another heating option growing in popularity for homeowners moving away from gas. These devices use electricity to convert thermal energy – for example from the soil in your garden – to your home. Heat pumps are a great carbon-neutral gas alternative but require a lot of work to put in. Installing an extensive pipe system under your home is expensive (costing up to £20,000) and time-consuming, so factor this into your plans. A number of rural homes use wood-burning or biomass stoves to stay warm. These cosy fires are stunning and cheap to run, but the pollution caused by soot particles means they’re not the greenest. The fact you need to collect logs and can’t control the temperature of these stoves may also make them impractical for your lifestyle. Solar panels are a good way to boost your renewable energy stocks, but unfortunately most won’t provide enough consistent electricity to be your main source. Regardless of how much research you’ve done, you should always speak to an expert for their input. Contact at least three tradespeople who specialise in the heating method you’re looking to install, getting quotes and information before moving forward. Check whether you’re eligible for a Domestic Renewable Heat Incentive and book in a Green Deal Assessment, too. The government will give money to those producing renewable energy via sources like heat pumps. We all love a bit of DIY, but when it comes to hazards like electricity and gas it’s best to leave it to the professionals. They’ll be able to give you tailored advice to suit your needs, and ensure you’re on the road to reduced energy bills in the meantime. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to lower your home’s bills by understanding energy use MORE : Put foil behind your radiators and fill your freezer with water bottles: Hacks to lower your energy bills