Today’s to-do list: Prep for meeting – tick. Call colleague – tick. Stare out of window – tick. If you ever find yourself staring out the window at work, then feeling bad for not being productive, you shouldn’t feel guilty. This habit is no time-waster but actually one of the simplest ways to boost your mind, making you better at work and better in life. Your boss and colleagues may have other ideas. Let’s be honest, someone idly staring out of the window while everyone else is up to their eyeballs in work isn’t a great look. We assume they’re lazy, inattentive or generally shirking responsibility. Maybe they’re simply following the 20-20-20 rule to relieve eye strain after staring at a screen (an added bonus). But here’s what your boss needs to know: The act of letting your mind wander, to daydream and gaze out beyond the confines of your desk can actually help you generate ideas, solve problems and reduce work stress. This act of (apparently) ‘doing nothing’ can make you an all-round better person. Our productivity-obsessed society doesn’t value the act of ‘doing nothing’, but philosophers have been pondering its purpose for centuries. Plato suggested the ideas inside our heads are like birds fluttering around an aviary. We need moments of purpose-free calm to allow the birds to settle, and therefore our ideas to come to the fore. When you stare out of the window it’s not to look at what’s going on outside, but to explore what’s going on inside your head. ‘The philosopher Zhuangzhi called staring into space mind-fasting,’ therapist and author Marisa Peer tells Metro.co.uk. ‘Daydreaming, zoning out or gazing into the middle distance can be really good for a person as it allows us to escape from our crowded minds. It creates space for us to find answers, giving us a deeper insight into ourselves and permission to be purpose-free.’ Marisa says we often feel guilty for staring out of the window, perhaps remembering when we were told off at school, yet inventors and geniuses such as Einstein have credited daydreaming as the route to their ‘Eureka!’ moments. She adds: ‘The Japanese even have a word specifically for the art of gazing – boketto. Think of it as a mini-meditation.’ Dr Sandi Mann, senior psychology lecturer at the University of Central Lancashire and author of The Science Of Boredom, explains: ‘When we stare out the window, we experience low levels of stimulation. So we start looking inwards to increase neural stimulation and avoid that uncomfortable feeling of being under-stimulated, also known as boredom.’ It appears we probably do this more often than we think. Researchers at the University of Dartmouth found that we spend between 30-50% of our waking hours daydreaming. That may sound like a lot of wasted time but a study into the concept of ‘mind wandering’ by the University of York and University of California found that 40% of creative ideas occurred when participants were engaged in activities that allowed their minds to wander. Dr Sandi says that when we let our minds rest, ‘the firing of networks and connections, jumping from ideas to images to thoughts, becomes less conscious. We stop controlling where our brain is going, and this allows us to see things in new ways.’ So should gazing into the middle distance be seen as a legitimate part of our working day? Ed Lowther, of London’s mental health and wellbeing clinic The Soke, believes so. ‘When you take a break you rest the prefrontal cortex, the part of your brain that is engaged in doing goal-oriented work that requires concentration, is responsible for logical thinking, executive functioning, and using willpower to override impulses,’ he tells us. With more people returning to the office, Ed hopes that those unsupervised mini-breaks we indulged in when home working, from popping on a wash to staring out of the window, won’t be squashed by traditional office culture. ‘There is mounting evidence to suggest that productivity, efficiency, creativity and innovation have risen during a long period of working from home,’ he says. ‘If you can accept that gazing out the window can be an important part of giving your brain a break then really it should be encouraged, guilt-free.’ If your working day is proving to be a fraught one, your office window can also be a gateway to a more relaxed state of mind. By simply gazing at the sky you can tap into the latest mindfulness technique. Skychology, the study of how looking up at the sky impacts our wellbeing, was devised by coaching psychologist Paul Conway of Successful Humans. His research found that even in short bursts, purposefully staring at the sky can have an instantly positive effect on our mental state. ‘It’s like a reset button on your day,’ Paul tells Metro.co.uk. ‘It’s not going to make that challenging meeting go away, but it’s an opportunity to just breathe. It’s immediately calming and appears to be a very effective form of emotional self-regulation.’ His study found that focused sky gazing, coupled with deep breathing, also promotes a greater sense of connectedness, allowing us to see ourselves as part of the bigger picture. This helps us view problems from a new angle and gives us the mental space to innovate. ‘The sky is a big space, so you get a sense of perspective and a feeling of being a part of something bigger than oneself,’ he says. But it doesn’t just benefit individuals: it could help transform tricky team dynamics at work. Paul explains, ‘Looking at the sky appears to be a window into the experience of awe. In a psychological sense, awe is a complex emotion linked to prosocial behaviours including humility, which is an effective counter to antisocial behaviours such as entitlement, arrogance and narcissism.’ If those latter traits trigger thoughts of a particular boss or colleague, perhaps this is an activity to suggest for the team away day… Does the sky have to be clear and blue for us to reap the benefits? Luckily in this climate, no. Paul suggests observing the varying shades of colour, even in an overcast sky, and any slivers of blue or movement of the clouds. He calls it ‘emotional weather’, a chance to ponder our feelings at that precise moment and gain a sense of clarity. Paul shares his tips on how to reduce work stress the Skychology way… Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : There are four motivation styles – here’s how yours affects the way you work MORE : How to mind your own business and stop being so invested in other people’s lives MORE : How to stop letting minor setbacks throw you off track