Is your child ready to start school? According to a survey of nearly 1,000 primary school teachers, carried out during November and December 2021 by YouGov and the early years charity Kindred Squared, as many as 50% of children lack the basic skills they need when they start reception. There is no doubt that the pandemic has caused delays in some areas of under fives’ development, but even before the pandemic hit, there was a rise in children who were not adequately prepared to start school. September might seem a long time away yet, but these are the skills that you need to ensure your school starter has mastered to help them get off to a flying start. It might be quicker and easier for you get your child dressed, put on their shoes, or feed them, however by doing so, you are hindering and not helping them. At school kids need to be able to do these things, so use these next few months to really encourage them to try and do things by themselves. Remember that school clothes might have buttons or zips, so practicing with these is a good idea, but if your child is struggling, look for uniform that has minimal buttons, for instance. Want to help your child learn the right feet for shoes? Get a sticker and cut it half. Place one half in each shoe, so that when the shoes are put together, the sticker matches up. For making putting on their coat easier, show them the magic way! Lay your child’s coat out open on the floor and get your child to stand at the hood end. Encourage them to put their arms into the sleeves and flip the coat up over their head. Voila. Most children are confident at using the toilet by three, but if your child is four and still struggling, they are not alone. According to the survey more and more children are starting school without being toilet trained. Often, if children cannot use the toilet independently at four, (unless for medical reasons) it is down to a lack of independence in other areas. Children need to be able to use the toilet on their own – this means that they need to be able to go on their own, to wipe and flush, pull their clothes back up and wash their hands, so make sure that you are giving your child a chance to do these things, and if they need some extra encouragement, using a reward chart, such as this one from TotsUp, can really help. At school, kids will be expected to tidy up and be responsible for their possessions. Let them help pack their bag for nursery or day trips, using a checklist if necessary, and encourage them to tidy up after themselves. You’ll be surprised at what they can do, despite their young age! You can help by making sure that everything has a place to be put back and by modelling tidy behaviour yourself. Children learn and develop vital social skills by playing alongside their peers. They will be less anxious if they are happy mixing with other adults and children, so ensure that out of nursery/childcare, your child spends time in the company of other adults and children. Being able to share is also required when kids start school and was another skill that was lacking, according to the poll. Playing board games is a great way to help with this, as children must be patient and wait their turn. Praising them and acknowledging that they are doing a great job of waiting, will help to reinforce that what they are doing is a good thing. Having time to talk, along with time where children have to listen, teaches vital speaking and listening skills, so if you can, sit together at mealtimes and ask them about their day, encouraging them to ask you or others at the table about their day too. If you struggle to sit together at mealtimes, try initiating conversations at bath time instead. Not being able to follow instructions was something else mentioned in the YouGov survey and bursts of 10-15 minutes of concentration are needed at school. This might not sound too long, but for a four-year-old, it’s ages! You can help by giving them opportunities to follow instructions, such as doing some baking, where things have to be done in a certain order. There are lots of baking kits and books out there to make things more fun. Less time watching TV can help your child’s attention span, so be mindful of how much time they are spending in front of a screen. Playing board games or doing puzzles instead are a great way to help boost concentration, while teaching important maths and problem-solving skills. Start these things now and you will be amazed at how ready for school your little one will be in six months. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Childcare is costing parents more than half of their pay MORE : Is it okay to lie to your children? MORE : Why your three-year-old keeps asking ‘why?’ – and how to deal with it