The Queen held on to her disgraced son Prince Andrew’s arm as they entered Westminster Abbey together for Prince Philip’s memorial. It is the first time the Duke of York has appeared alongside his 95-year-old mother since he settled his US sex abuse case. Andrew, who lives close to the Queen in Windsor, paid his accuser Virginia Roberts a reported £12million last month despite protesting his innocence. Royal experts believed the Palace would want to distance the Queen from Andrew following his court case. But his prominent position in today’s service will be viewed as a strong show of support for the beleaguered duke, who is making his ‘swan song’ royal engagement. He also took a front row seat inside the abbey, beside his brother Prince Edward, and escorted the Queen from his seat when the ceremony ended. Ms Roberts, formerly Giuffre, alleged she was forced to have sex with Andrew after being trafficked by his paedophile friend Jeffrey Epstein. Earlier today, it was confirmed Her Majesty would attend the memorial service despite multiple reports of mobility issues following her Covid scare. The Queen is said to be using a wheelchair but is ‘too proud’ to be seen with it in public. She was forced to pull out of a Commonwealth event earlier this month because she was not fit enough to attend. But she was photographed smiling at a crafts exhibition last week. Notable absentees today will be Philip’s grandson Harry and wife Meghan, who will not be flying in from their US home. Some of the duke’s funeral wishes that were banned under Covid restrictions are expected to be fulfilled during his remembrance service – nearly a year since he died in April 2021, aged 99. It is understood some of his older great-grandchildren may attend, giving the youngest generation of royals the chance to honour their great-grandfather. Gold Duke of Edinburgh’s Award holders and members of the youth UK Cadet Force associations will line the steps of Westminster Abbey as guests arrive – just the way the duke wanted it. Likewise, his wishes for the congregation to sing the rousing hymn Guide Me, O Thou Great Redeemer will also be honoured. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.