Dolly Parton sent us all into a spin earlier today when she announced that she will be turning down a spot in the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame. The nominations for the latest induction were announced this year, with the Jolene singer’s name right up there, alongside Eminem and Lionel Richie. While we were all left baffled about how the Queen of music wasn’t already a fully fledged member, she decided to turn her back on the honour – and said that she hoped those in charge are ‘willing to consider’ her again in the future, if she’s ‘ever worthy’. Well, we’re here to give Dolly a list of reasons why she will always be worthy. Dolly has been singing her way into our hearts since she first stepped out on the scene and was writing hits for other artists even before that – famously penning Jolene and I Will Always Love You in the same day. She dropped her first album, Hello, I’m Dolly, in 1967, and has never looked back, scoring a string of number one albums in the US country charts from the 70s onwards. The music legend is still working to this very day, nabbing the number one spot in 2020 with her Christmas album. Let’s face it, there aren’t many people in the world who can have us singing about going to work all day but she nailed it. Not one to rest on her laurels, Dolly took her insanely huge platform and used it for good, making sure to help those in need. In 1995, she founded the Imagination Library, providing free books to children all over the world. When it was first launched, it was just available for the youngsters in Sevier County, Tennessee, where she grew up – but has now expanded to help kids all over the US, and other corners of the world. According to reports, her foundation has donated more than 150million books so far – which is definitely not too shabby. During lockdown, there were some interesting moments in the world of celebrities, which made them feel even more detached from real life than normal. Yes, we’re thinking about that Imagine video… But Dolly put herself to good use and donated a huge amount of money to helping fund research that led to the Moderna vaccine – penning on Instagram at the time: ‘My longtime friend Dr Naji Abumrad, who’s been involved in research at Vanderbilt for many years, informed me that they were making advancements towards research of the coronavirus for a cure. ‘I am making a donation of $1million (£725k) to Vanderbilt towards that research and to encourage people that can afford it to make donations.’ Speaking about her generosity, Dr Naji later told the Washington Post: ‘Without a doubt in my mind, her funding made the research toward the vaccine go 10 times faster than it would be without it.’ Remaining humble, Dolly added to the BBC: ‘I’m sure many millions of dollars from many people went into that. ‘I’m a very proud girl today to know I had anything at all to do with something that’s going to help us through this crazy pandemic.’ Dolly has always voiced her support for the LGBTQ+ community throughout her work, as well as countless times in interviews. In her song, Family – on her 1991 album, Eagle When She Flies – she sang about how no one should be turned away, regardless of sexuality. She also spoke out against North Carolina’s controversial ‘bathroom bill’ discussion during a chat with CNN in 2016 – calling for everyone to be treated with respect. ‘I think everybody should be treated with respect. I don’t judge people and I try not to get too caught up in the controversy of things,’ she said. ‘I hope that everybody gets a chance to be who and what they are. ‘I hope that everybody gets a chance to be who and what they are. I just know, if I have to pee, I’m gonna pee, wherever it’s got to be.’ Dolly is known for her famous quips almost as much as her singing skills, and is never one to not laugh at herself. Speaking about the jokes she has been met with in the past about her looks in a chat with the Evening Standard, she issued an incredible zinger as she walked into the room. ‘It costs a lot to look this cheap,’ she quipped, before insisting: ‘I’m not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I’m not dumb … and I know I’m not blonde.’ Discussing her love of makeup, she also added in another char: ‘The only way I’d be caught without make-up is if my radio fell in the bathtub while I was taking a bath and electrocuted me and I was in between make-up at home. ‘I hope my husband would slap a little lipstick on me before he took me to the morgue.’ Never, ever change, Dolly. Metro.co.uk has contacted the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Roman Kemp adds to growing tattoo collection with massive new inking on his leg MORE : Katie Price works up a sweat in Thailand as she shows new boob job in sports bra during intense session with fiance Carl Woods 