Will Mellor ripped into dig at Jeremy Clarkson during a chat with pal Ralf Little, blasting The Grand Tour host as the ‘d**khead from Top Gear’. On the pair’s podcast, Two Pints with Will and Ralf, the former sitcom co-stars love to chat about all things from times gone by. In their recent recording, the stars brought up the former Top Gear presenter when Death in Paradise actor Ralf spoke about where he used to go on holiday. As they chatted different UK locations, Will piped up as he remembered one-way traffic in Birmingham when he thinks of the midlands. Ralf offered up the Cotswolds, with Will immediately responding: ‘Cotswolds! That’s where the farm shop is, isn’t it? ‘What’s it called? Thingy. D***head from Top Gear. Used to be on Top Gear.’ His co-host couldn’t hold in his laughter, and answered: ‘D***head from Top Gear! I knew who you meant.’ Jeremy fronted Top Gear with co-stars James May and Richard Hammond for over a decade, with the trio now on Amazon with The Grand Tour. But despite Will’s jibe, he offered up his praise to Clarkson’s Farm – which is set to return for a season two later this year. ‘He’s got the farm series, which is actually quite good. ‘I think he owns loads of land, and I think that’s in the Cotswolds,’ Will shared. Jeremy is currently working on new episodes of Clarkson’s Farm as he sets about to treat viewers to more hilarious antics from Diddly Squat Farm. In teaser photos released last month, the 61-year-old star was be seen kissing his girlfriend Lisa Hogan, 49, as his co-star Kaleb Cooper looked awkwardly at the ground. In another photo, Jeremy could be seen driving a tractor while Kaleb rode on the front, looking a bit confused by the whole situation, as they look to become the UK’s newest double-act. However, the photo left some health and safety groups up in arms as they hit out over the ‘poor safety behaviour’ shown by the pair. At the time, Stephanie Berkeley, manager of the Farm Safety Foundation, told Farmers Weekly that Clarkson’s Farm could have encouraged more responsible use of farming equipment ‘This programme could be a great way to help improve this, so it is a pity that they chose to use this photo displaying such poor safety behaviour,’ she said. ‘Agriculture continues to have the poorest safety record of any occupation in the UK and we are working hard to change that.’ A production spokesperson said in a statement: ‘Our first series showed Jeremy has great respect for the farming community. However, its remit (or the programme) is not a “how to guide” to farmers who already know far more than he does.’ Clarkson’s Farm season 1 can be streamed in full on Amazon Prime Video now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : EastEnders star Danny Dyer dyed ‘his nut’ ginger: ‘F*** it’ MORE : Peaky Blinders star Joe Cole reveals the incredible ‘off-camera support’ from Helen McCrory: ‘We lost a special one’ 