Katie Price has reportedly been charged over a text she sent to her ex Kieran Hayler’s fiancee Michelle Penticost, branding her a ‘gutter s**g’. The star has been accused of breaching a restraining order and will appear in court when she returns home from her holiday to Thailand, according to MailOnline. Katie, 43, is accused of texting Michelle despite being banned from contacting her under the terms of a five-year restraining order. The order was put in place after Katie verbally abused Michelle in a school playground. It’s also alleged that Katie breached the restraining order a second time when she recently sent an anonymous letter attacking Michelle to a relative, the site reports. A source told the outlet: ‘Katie is playing a dangerous game and her actions have led her into deep trouble. ‘Kieran and Michelle were deeply concerned after discovering she sent a letter, believing Katie is ignoring the rules of the restraining order as this is the second time it’s happened in three months. ‘It was sent anonymously from Heathrow on the day she left for Thailand.’ A police source added: ‘Katie Price was arrested a few weeks ago for breaching a restraining order placed against her following an argument with the fiancée of her former partner, Kieran Hayler. ‘Now she is believed to have written an anonymous note attacking Michelle Penticost via one of her family members. ‘As such Katie has been charged with harassment and will appear before Crawley magistrates next month.’ Sussex Police told Metro.co.uk in January: ‘At 5.45pm on Friday (January 21) police responded to a report that a suspect had breached their restraining order. ‘Officers arrested a woman in her 40s who has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.’ Katie and Kieran married in 2013 and share two children, Jett, eight, and Bunny, seven. However, their marriage came to an end in 2018 with their divorce finalised last year. Kieran and Michelle got engaged in March 2020 after a year together. Katie also faced legal trouble late last year, when she pleaded guilty to drink-driving. She was spared jail but handed a sentence of 16 weeks suspended for 12 months, 100 hours of unpaid work, 20 sessions of rehabilitation work with probation, and a two-year driving ban. The mother-of-five admitted drink-driving, driving while disqualified and driving without insurance, with her sentencing being deferred to today following a stay in The Priory. Reps for Katie Price declined to comment. Metro.co.uk has contacted Sussex Police. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price shows off incredibly deep tan on holiday in Thailand: ‘I don’t think I can get any browner’ MORE : Katie Price works up a sweat in Thailand as she shows new boob job in sports bra during intense session with fiance Carl Woods 