Harry Styles and his girlfriend Olivia Wilde are clearly a couple in sync after being spotted in matching blue outfits during a romantic walk in London’s Soho. Sporting ripped jeans and painted fingernails, Harry looked every inch the rock star as he showed off his artfully disheveled look. The One Direction singer, 28, window shopped with the Tron: Legacy actress, 38, who he’s been dating since last year. She was casually dressed in a light blue knitted jumper, with a striped shirt, blue flared trousers, and white pumps. She finished off her look with her long dark blonde hair worn loose, and a pair of stylish brown sunglasses. Harry, who wore a Playdium Skate Park bomber jacket, also carried a bag from his own company, Pleasing. Harry launched the gender-neutral cosmetics brand, which features a range of nail polishes, in November last year, after a series of pop-ups in London, LA, and New York. Olivia is currently living with Harry in London, while her estranged husband Jason Sudeikis films the third season of the comedy series Ted Lasso. The Booksmart director is minding her two children Otis and Daisy in London while her ex-husband works on the Apple TV programme, which is mostly filmed in the company’s west London studios. The couple met when Olivia was directing Harry in the forthcoming movie Don’t Worry Darling. In an interview in 2021, Olivia revealed that she’s ‘happier than ever’ amid then-rumours of her burgeoning romance with the Watermelon Sugar hitmaker. Speaking to Vogue US at the time, she said: ‘I think what you realise is that when you’re really happy, it doesn’t matter what strangers think about you. All that matters to you is what’s real, and what you love, and who you love. ‘In the past 10 years, as a society, we have placed so much more value on the opinion of strangers rather than the people closest to us. ‘I’m happier than I’ve ever been. And I’m healthier than I’ve ever been, and it’s just wonderful to feel that.’ MORE : Trevor Noah responds after Kanye West banned from Grammys: ‘I said counsel Kanye not cancel’ MORE : Julia Fox backtracks calling Kanye West ‘harmless’ after claiming she didn’t see Trevor Noah racial slur: ‘Believe it or not I have a life’ 