Jurgen Klopp revealed Mohamed Salah is nursing a slight injury and will be monitored ahead of Liverpool’s midweek fixture against Arsenal. The Egypt international continued his sensational goalscoring form with a second half penalty as Klopp’s side eased to a comfortable 2-0 win over Brighton that hauled Liverpool to within three points of Premier League leaders Manchester City. Pep Guardiola’s pacesetters face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday looking to restore their six-point cushion, before Liverpool face an acid test of their title aspirations at the Emirates Stadium on Thursday. In an attempt to protect his leading scorer, Klopp took Salah off midway through the second half but admitted there remains a doubt over his participation against the Gunners. He told BT Sport: ‘We will see. He thinks it’s not serious. But you can see when Mo Salah is sitting down something is not 100% right. ‘I think it was the situation before when he hit the ball and it got blocked, I think the foot got slightly overstretched. We have to see.’ Salah has now scored 30 goals in all competitions for club and country this season   and Klopp was delighted with his star forward who contributed to another ruthless performance against opponents who have troubled Liverpool in the past. Klopp added: ‘We were good, we knew Brighton are a really good team that can create problems, that’s what we saw from the beginning. ‘Like the last game we need to get used to the opponents. They adapt to us a lot and play in areas to try and hurt us. ‘We were really strong and scored a great goal. We had really good moments with massive chances where we missed the final pass. But I’m happy. There were moments at the the end where I’d like to control the ball more but it’s a difficult moment. ‘It was expected to be a difficult game and I’m really happy with certain moments.’ MORE : Jadon Sancho reveals Chelsea and Liverpool stars tried to convince him to sign for them instead of Manchester United MORE : Mo Salah rejects Liverpool contract offer as star’s preferences become clear For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 