A woman from Budapest has found love with a toy plane and says he’s her soulmate. Sandra first bought the toy, which she calls ‘Luffancs,’ in January 2022 for £600 – and the union was the start of their romance. The 28-year-old says she’s even fallen in love for the first time in her life and shares a bed with the jet every night. ‘I don’t know why I love him, I just love him,’ Sandra said. ‘He’s beautiful and my soulmate. ‘He is the first thing I see in the mornings and the last thing when I go to sleep. I wouldn’t have it any other way. ‘We cuddle and kiss throughout the night and have sex. I get to do everything with him.’ Sandra has loved planes since she was three years old and throughout her teenager years she planned to pursue a career working with them as an adult. Then in 2021, she managed to land a job in the aviation industry. Now Sandra works five days a week at an airport but,  despite being surrounded by other aircraft all day, she says she wouldn’t dream of cheating on Luffancs. She explains: ‘I have something special and I am not prepared to ruin it. ‘My big love is LX-UCV at the airport but the work is work, I just do everything at home. ‘The most I do with other planes at work is just touch and blow a kiss. ‘I’m not too sure if I will go back to a human relationship. ‘Planes are more reliable as partners. I know I can always speak to him. ‘I like how planes represent endless opportunities. To me that is something positive and something I want to have in my life.’ Sandra stresses her previous partners never had an issue with her love of planes – but after breaking up with her ex last year, she decided to enter into her first relationship with an object (known as objectophilia). And the 28-year-old says Luffancs is better than any human partner she’s ever had. She adds: ‘I have never felt like this with a partner before. ‘For the first time in my life I am in love.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Massive Maine Coon cat is so big and fluffy he looks like a lemur MORE : Baked beans lover gets eyebrows tattooed in his favourite food’s honour MORE : In times of trouble, is turning to humour ever acceptable?