A serial burglar who murdered two pensioners in separate ‘vicious’ break-ins has been jailed for life with a minimum term of 38 years. Amos Wilsher, 29, was found guilty last month of killing 88-year-old Josephine Kaye, after a trial which also saw him and his younger brother Jason Wilsher convicted of murdering retired businessman Arthur Gumbley. Jurors heard Amos Wilsher acted alone when he went to Mrs Kaye’s home in Parkhall, Stoke-on-Trent. He posed as a gas firm worker to remove a padlock from a gate before killing the Irish-born widow, who lived alone and stealing her safe containing £20,000. Mrs Kaye, who was only 4ft 8in, died in hospital in March 2020, three weeks after suffering a broken leg when she was repeatedly thrown to the floor. Both brothers were found guilty by the jury of being among a three-strong gang which caused fatal injuries to 87-year-old widower Mr Gumbley in a raid on his bungalow in Staffordshire, in November 2017. In his opening speech, prosecutor Simon Denison QC said three robbers had travelled to Derbyshire looking for ‘easy targets’ near to where Mr Gumbley lived. After smashing the window to gain entry to his property, the raiders punched Mr Gumbley in the face, knocking him to the ground. Mr Gumbley suffered an injury to his brain, four displaced rib fractures, as well as widespread bruising to his body in the attack. He was taken to hospital but the impact of the injuries ‘was too much for his body to withstand’ and he died on December 12, 2017. Passing sentence at Coventry Crown Court on Friday, Mr Justice Henshaw passed two life terms on Amos Wilsher, meaning he will spend a minimum of 38 years behind bars. While Jason Wilsher was handed a life sentence with a minimum tariff of 25 years. The judge told Amos Wilsher, who was on court bail and on the run from police when he killed Mrs Kaye he posed ‘a significant risk’ to the public. But added his ‘murders are mitigated by your lack of intention to kill’ which the judge said ‘played a part’ in his decision not to issue a whole life order. Addressing 23-year-old Jason Wilsher, the judge said the murder of Mr Gumbley had been committed ‘for gain’ in a ‘planned and pre-meditated’ robbery but his offending was also mitigated by the lack of intention to kill. Amos Wilsher is already serving a 12-year sentence imposed in July 2020 for a 2018 attack on a pensioner who was beaten around the head in Brentwood, Essex. He was arrested at a hotel and spa in Lincoln two weeks after Mrs Kaye’s murder. Jason Wilsher was originally found guilty of Mr Gumbley’s murder in 2019 but was granted a re-trial despite DNA evidence linking him to the scene. The jury further convicted the brothers, described in court as being members of a large family from the Traveller community with links to Derbyshire and Leicestershire, of conspiracy to rob. Both men, formerly of Tibshelf, near Alfreton, were also found guilty of wounding with intent relating to pensioner Dennis Taylor, who was attacked in 2017 at his home in Creswell, near Bolsover, Derbyshire. Mr Taylor suffered a broken nose and finger fractures when he was attacked just four days after Mr Gumbley died by three masked robbers who drove a Mazda RX8 to his isolated farmhouse. The 82-year-old was knocked to the ground, jabbed in the face with a knife and struck with a baseball bat and walking stick by the gang, who escaped with cash, watches and jewellery. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.