A dad-of-one who suffered gruesome injuries when he was stabbed in a beer garden brawl has pleaded for people to ‘put the knives down’. Arron Kenny, 25, was repeatedly stabbed in the neck and head with a Stanley knife after being caught up in a fight in June, last year. The assistant shop manager was left with a gaping wound to the back of his neck and has subsequently been diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD). The fight followed a ‘minor disagreement’ between Mr Kenny’s brother Kyle and another man, Louis Edwards, at the Newall Green pub in Wythenshawe, Manchester. At Manchester Crown Court, Mr Kenny – also known as AJ – spoke out about his ordeal as Edwards, 28, of Wythenshawe, admitted wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm. Mr Kenny said the attack had left him with psychological problems and trouble sleeping. ‘I have been diagnosed with PTSD as a result and struggle to sleep every single night,’ Mr Kenny told the court. ‘It takes me hours to get to sleep as I cannot stop replaying in my head what happened that night. ‘I barely go out anymore, as I have become very anxious and start sweating and shaking. He said he was ‘constantly’ asked about the scars on his neck which only worsened his anxiety. Mr Kenny said the attack had affected his life in ‘so many ways’ and he had since been prescribed medication for anxiety and suffered panic attacks. The attack on June 4 reportedly arose out of undisclosed ‘tensions’ between Kyle and Craig Hughes whose girlfriends knew each other. Prosecuting, Hunter Gray said Kyle had walked over to Craig ‘in order to clear the air’ but when he approached ‘a brief fight ensued’. ‘As they parted Edwards approached Kyle who saw him produce a Stanley knife from his pocket. ‘The defendant said: “This is how we’re going to do it” and Kyle saw him reveal the blade of the knife. ‘The defendant also said: “slash his face up” but Craig said “no” and according to Kyle seemed genuinely shocked by what the defendant was doing.’ Mr Gray said Kyle rang his brother to come down to the pub to speak to Craig as he ‘knew him better’. ‘AJ arrived within five minutes and approached Craig however he was attacked by the defendant who was described as “flying out”,’ Mr Gray said. A barman at the pub later told police how he saw Edwards take a Stanley knife out of his pocket and say: ‘If you want to make a point, cut his f**king face off.’ Mr Kenny suffered a total of five wounds in the attack. Edwards was arrested three days later but made no comment in interview. He was picked out as the attacker in an identity parade attended by Mr Kenny and his brother. Defending, Richard Vardon said Edwards came from ‘a stable background’ and had ‘demonstrated appropriate regret and remorse.’ ‘He is a mature, hard-working and dedicated father,’ Mr Vardon said. ‘This all happened very quickly. Although there was a use of a weapon, it was not taken to the scene for use as and when the situation demanded.’ Mr Vardon said there was a ‘greater degree of provocation than one would normally expect’ and Edwards ‘would say was an excess of self defence’. ‘He was under attack himself and reacted to that attack in this unlawful way,’ Mr Vardon added. ‘This offence is out of character. It’s had a devastating impact on not only the victim but also the defendant. ‘Since his arrest, he has lost his business and his current relationship is under strain and he has had limited contact with his child.’ Edwards was jailed for six years and 10 months. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.