Shane Warne’s enduring legacy as a cricketer and a human being is perhaps best summed up by the contrast of edge-of-fury competitor and off-the-field everyday lad who loved a laugh. From zooters, flippers, googlies, sliders and quicker ones, befuddled, brain-frozen batsmen just never knew what they were going to get. When the match was won, often by Warne’s magic wand of a right wrist, and he was in the ‘rooms’ enjoying a beer or sharing a smile, selfie or chat with fans, there was no mystery. Warne was a straight-up, fair dinkum, decent bloke. Fun, warm, engaging. And above all, not even a whiff of ego. There are very few in the pantheon who could be described as such. It is why there is such collective shock and sadness at his untimely passing. Warne’s appeal went beyond Australia’s Baggy Green, extraordinary achievements and statistics. Revolutionising spin bowling and the way cricket was played to an extraordinary haul of 708 Test wickets and a further 293 in one-day internationals? It is only a part of his story. Warne, or Warney, or Warner or King, was so much more than the label: second highest wicket-taker of all time. The pure brilliant, astonishing numbers are the stock legbreak to his legend. The camaraderie, humour, jokes, chaos, and sometimes controversy added a richness and colour to a fabric of a sport which was hitherto considered stuffy and dull. He was a one-man Aussie soap opera. And how we loved those. There is no better example of that than ‘the ball of the century’ in 1993. It’s not about the prosaic ‘Gatting bowled Warne’. It’s about the fact it was the ingenue, unheralded Warne’s first ball in an Ashes Test. That Warne looked like a beach bum with golden hair and zinced lips. The fact that Warne had been carted all round Worcester in a tour match days before. It was about the venomous spit and bite of the ball. It was about Gatting’s dumbfounded, grey face when it crashed into his stumps. It was about Ian Botham quipping, ‘If it was a cheese roll it would never have got past Gatt.’ Later Warne described the career-long emotional fallout of that single delivery: ‘Everything changed. My confidence was sky-high. I was pumped-up and rock ‘n’ rolling.’ It could be an epitaph. Read more | Remembering Shane Warne and Rod Marsh: Two great cricket players… and even better blokes It was, in fact, the opening act of a great show. And one which didn’t disappoint. How often in sport does an athlete announce themself on the world stage only, in time, to be dazzled by the lights and allow talent to be blunted by the trappings and distractions? Warne had plenty of the latter but never did he let down the ticket-holders. He made a career of living up to a billing which would make others baulk. Consistently Warne was written off. Cricket’s relationship pre-Warne (a fitting date stamp on a par with post-war or pre-Indian Premier League given his indelible mark) with legspin was one of mistrust. And there were players, pundits and punters alike who over the course of his 23-year playing career reckoned that he might be found out. Batsmen would decipher his variations. Groundsman would prepare wickets to nullify his spin. Or the media would chew him up and spit him out. None of it happened. Time and time again when the secret ingredients of his alchemy looked likely to be revealed to the world, Warne was able to bamboozle anew. Perhaps his greatest skill was not allowing the sideshow to distract from the main show. Warne was a tabloid’s dream. As early as that 1997 Ashes tour to England the red-tops saw him as a target when he danced wildly, goadingly on the Trent Bridge balcony with a stump in hand after another victory. He regularly appeared on the front pages. The News of the World, grubbily no doubt, obtained pictures of him in a London hotel room in a pair of playboy pants, a giant inflatable penis and two women. The next day, after sleeping in his car, he bowled Hampshire to victory in a County Championship match. Similar misdemeanours, hundreds of nights a year in hotel rooms, the grind of international cricket and the nagging anxiety of being an absent father to three children, would cost Warne his marriage to wife Simeone. But he spoke of the need, and regret, to be utterly selfish to service sporting genius. There are countless cricketers who he helped. In 1997 when Warne was the man the English were supposed to love to hate because of his biannual dissection of their physical and mental techniques, Warne spotted a supposed rival in trouble and reached out. Darren Gough had enjoyed a similar opening act to his cricket career and the vultures were circling. Warne sent him a fax which read: ‘Be natural, be yourself.’ That natural empathy was at odds with Warne’s image. At a glance he was often dismissed as a toasted-cheese-sandwich-loving, fag-smoking Aussie who only fell into cricket after his dreams of a career in Aussie Rules had been dashed. He was never into fitness, lengthy net sessions or lectures from a coach which, he joked, was ‘something to be driven in to the ground.’ His was a formidably intelligent cricket brain. And he is regarded the world over as the greatest captain Australia never had. His tactical nous was as sharp as a splinter and his ability unrivalled to understand the fears, foibles and flightiness of players when he later became a coach and commentator. The leadership of Australia would never be his because, over time, there were just too many controversies, notably his fine for fraternising with illegal Indian bookmakers and, before the 2003 World Cup, recording a positive drugs test for a banned diuretic as he battled with his weight. It was perhaps a glimpse of his own insecurity, one which was exposed fleetingly when he appeared to go through a stark body transformation when briefly engaged to Liz Hurley. He was gaunt and chisel-cheeked, unrecognisable from the play-harder, party-faster player of yore. It was the sort of chink batsmen might have longed for when he was playing. A bit of respite. Warne was a ferocious competitor and he said that he bowled on the brink of uncontrollable anger. Sometimes he lost that control and there were unpleasant altercations. Resentment usually evaporated at the close of play. Much to the grudging chagrin of rival batsmen and supporters, Warne was nothing like the man who in the heat of competition wanted to end careers and trash the hopes of those in the stands. It’s why cricket feels so bereft at the loss of not just a great player, but a friend and entertainer. It was a great show. But over far too soon. MORE : Remembering Shane Warne and Rod Marsh: Australian cricket loses two great players… and even better blokes MORE : England and West Indies observe emotional minute’s silence for Shane Warne after cricket legend dies For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 