Vanessa Feltz has tested positive for Covid just minutes after filming This Morning. The stunned presenter, 60, confirmed she had tested positive for the virus after arriving home from the This Morning studio. Breaking the news on her Instagram stories, she said: ‘Well it is, gosh. I’ve got Covid so I don’t really know what to say, it’s a bit of a shock really. ‘I feel OK, I just did this Morning and then I gave a right cough while I was on the telly and I thought that’s a bit weird. ‘I got on the back of the motorbike to come home again, felt slightly queasy, which I never do.’ Despite thinking she was just suffering from a cold, Vanessa took a lateral flow test at home which turned out to be positive. Holly commented: ‘Oh no!!!! Hope your ok… sending lots of love.’ Other guests on today’s programme included Dr Louise Newton, who joined for a lengthy discussion about the menopause. It’s not yet known whether anyone else who appeared on Thursday’s episode has returned a positive Covid test. Holly Willoughby returned to This Morning just yesterday after isolating with Covid, while Phillip Schofield also had the bug earlier this year. Returning to This Morning yesterday, she said to co-star Phillip Schofield: ‘It’s so nice to be back I feel like I’ve been gone forever. ‘I’ve watched loads of you! I feel like you’ve been in my house the whole time!’ ‘I had sort of 48 hours of feeling rubbish, head on the pillow, headache, afterwards felt like I just had a cold,’ she said of her symptoms. ‘I’m fine now, but just waiting for that line to go – every morning – it was like the worst advent calendar in the world.’ Holly was away for two weeks and also missed the semi-final of Dancing On Ice, which Phillip had to host alone earlier this month. The presenter, 40, also had another period of absence back in January after jetting off to film upcoming programme, Wim Hof’s Superstar Survival. Phil was also struck down with the virus back in February, with Stephen Mulhern standing in as his replacement on Dancing On Ice and Josie Gibson presenting with Holly. The government had removed all remaining domestic restrictions in England by February 24. This included compulsory wearing of face masks and the legal requirement to self-isolate after a positive Covid test result. Instead, the public is urged to at home if they can and avoid contact with other people. Metro.co.uk has contacted a spokesperson from This Morning for comment on this story. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gordon Ramsay slammed for saying he ‘can’t stand Cornish’ people after angering locals during lockdown MORE : The Apprentice finalist Kathryn Burn selling jaguar pyjamas identical to rival retailers for double the price