A pregnant woman with an extra large bump has amazed viewers with her belly. One person commented that her baby was living in ‘a loft with WiFi’ inside her belly. Brooke Luney from California is expecting a baby boy – who is her sixth child – any day now. The mum, 32, says she has always ‘carried very big’ and blames her ‘short torso’ for her particularly large bump. At only 4ft 11 tall, it’s no wonder her bump appears bigger than most. Since becoming pregnant, Brooke has been documenting her journey on TikTok and YouTube. She has attracted much attention due to her stomach and people run to her comment sections to note its size. Many can’t believe she is carrying only one baby. ‘Bro, that ain’t one baby, it’s 11,’ wrote one disbelieving viewer. Thankfully, Brooke is not offended by the comments and instead finds them funny. ‘Lots of them are from teenage boys and I find them hilarious,’ she told Today Parents. ‘They’re kids and they don’t know.’ She also gets comments from strangers on the street, many of whom wonder if she has gestational diabetes, which can cause babies to grow larger than normal. Brooke wants people to know her baby is healthy and her pregnancy is going smoothly. ‘It’s extra noticeable because I’m 4ft 11 and I have a short torso,’ she explained. ‘Strangers will stop me in a store wanting to know if I’m expecting triplets. I’ve had a healthy, uncomplicated pregnancy.’ Meanwhile, she explained to The Independent that she’s hoping to help others with her positivity, especially others who have dealt with insecurities during pregnancy. ‘I delete the hurtful comments,’ she said. ‘I don’t want to interact or see them. I’ll respond to the questions and hopefully my positivity will reach others. ‘I’m hoping we can change the expectations society has for women. ‘The [comments] I love are those from other women who’ve struggled with their pregnancy bodies. ‘I’ve been told it’s uplifting and they’re glad I’m staying positive!’ At her 35-week checkup, Brooke was told her unborn baby boy was measuring at six pounds, four ounces. This is smaller than one of previous pregnancies. Brooke was due on March 2 but informed her TikTok followers that her baby boy has not made an appearance yet. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : A virgin mouse gave birth to a litter of baby mice MORE : Mum gives birth to 11lbs 5oz baby weighing the same as a bowling ball MORE : TikTokers are eating ‘lettuce crisps’ as a healthy alternative – but it’s literally just salad