A former teaching assistant who encouraged a toddler to ‘bash a badger’s head in’ has been banned from keeping animals for life. Paris Carding took children she was caring for – who cannot be named for legal reasons – on ‘abhorrent family days out’ to hunt animals. A total of 32 clips showed Carding’s vile taunting of the animals and twisted words of encouragement to a two-year-old girl. Her boyfriend, Grant Leigh, also taught the toddler how to brutally ‘smash’ a badger with a spade. Cheshire Police and the RSPCA investigated the couple after they found pictures and videos on Facebook. They discovered the pair had also been joined on their barbaric hunting expedition by Leigh’s ex-huntsman dad, who is also called Grant. At Tameside Magistrates’ Court yesterday, Carding was sentenced to 22 weeks jail suspended for 12 months. The 28-year-old had worked at a primary school in Manchester for six years prior to the incident. Leigh Jnr also admitted cruelty offences at an earlier hearing and was jailed for 26 weeks. His dad, who was found guilty of cruelty charges under the Animal Welfare Act, was sentenced to 12 in weeks jail and was fined £1,000. Both men were also banned from keeping animals for life. RPSCA prosecutor Hazel Stevens described the case as ‘shocking and horrendous’. She said: ‘The fact a two-year-old child was being encouraged to join in can only be described as barbaric. ‘This is an ongoing violent, nasty and vicious treatment of wild animals for their own enjoyment.’ During their investigation, officers seized seven dogs including two Lurchers and two Patterdale terriers – many of which had injuries consistent with ‘hunting activities.’ Six of the injured dogs had been holed up in dirty and squalid kennels at Leigh Snr’s home. A seventh dog was found at Carding’s home. At court, Carding was described as ‘very young and impressionable’. Leigh Jnr was said to have been influenced by his upbringing in a hunting family. Sentencing, district judge Bernard Begley told Carding: ‘It is impossible to find any redeeming features in this case. It was the most abhorrent of family days out.’ The RSPCA told Metro.co.uk many of the family’s dogs have now been rehomed. Terrier Foxy has moved to Tyne and Wear and was initially very timid. But now, the dog has settled in and has learned a huge variety of party tricks such as sit, lie down and paw. His new owner said: ‘He enjoys coming to work with me and gets lots of attention and treats from everyone. ‘He is the most spoilt dog ever. He didn’t have the best start so he deserves to be fussed now! ‘He’s had a huge positive impact on my life and that of my family’s.’ Patterdale terrier Shay – now called Seamus – has also is settled into a new home in Yorkshire. His new owner said: ‘Unlike many dogs he will retreat whenever someone comes to the door, he hides when there are many people around, and, when things are just a bit too much, he can be found under the bed and unable to be coaxed out. ‘But he fit perfectly into our little family and made our house a home, we could not imagine life without him now, he is our boy!’ While Foxy and Seamus have settled into their forever homes, some of the other dogs, such as Bronco, are still awaiting new families. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.