Dimitar Berbatov believes it is ‘too soon’ for Marcus Rashford to be considering his future at Manchester United despite being left surprised by his absence against Manchester City last weekend. England forward Rashford was expected to lead the line for United at the Etihad on Sunday after Cristiano Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani were both ruled out of the Premier League fixture. But Rashford still found himself on the bench, with Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick instead opting to start Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba in advanced positions. United were blown away by their Manchester rivals as City secured an emphatic 4-1 win to restore their six-point lead over Liverpool at the top of the Premier League. It was widely reported after the derby that Rashford was unhappy with his lack of game-time at Old Trafford and considering his future at the club, but Berbatov believes this would be premature. Rashford has made 295 appearances for Manchester United since graduating from the club’s academy in 2015 but has fallen down the pecking order this season, only starting nine Premier League games. Berbatov told Betfair: ‘It was strange that Marcus Rashford did not start the Manchester derby, especially with United missing Cristiano Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani. ‘It’s understandable that Rashford wants to start games and, if he’s still not being picked by the end of the season, I’d expect him to be considering his future at the club. ‘But he needs to remember that there will be another manager in charge next season and players who haven’t had a look in under Rangnick will get another chance. ‘So it’s a bit too soon for Rashford to be thinking about leaving for another club.’ Berbatov has been in a similar place to Rashford and says he approached Manchester United legend Sir Alex Ferguson to tell him he wanted to leave as his spell at Old Trafford was coming to an end.  The former Bulgaria striker added: ‘It’s disappointing when you are left out. I experienced it and it wasn’t pleasant. ‘You ask yourself, am I good enough? What do I need to do to get into the starting 11? As a player, you must ask the gaffer why you’re being left out. ‘Sometimes you get a helpful answer but sometimes you come away from those conversations even more confused. Some managers simply don’t know what to say. It can be a tough conversation. Managers are human too. ‘As a professional, under contract, all you can do is train hard and hope that by performing when you do get your chance you will get your place back in the team. ‘This is one of the problems of squad rotation – it’s always going to leave some players unhappy. You can play well, then be left out the next time, and that’s difficult for the player to understand. ‘Near the end of my time at United, I went to Sir Alex Ferguson and told him straight that I wasn’t playing enough and wanted to leave. ‘He didn’t like what he heard. He liked me as a player and a human being, but he needed to give all the strikers a chance. ‘As difficult as it was to leave United, I needed to go, because I loved football and I needed to be playing.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 