Welcome back to How I Made It, Metro.co.uk’s weekly career journey series. Last week we looked at the life of an Olympic rower and what it means to keep pushing, while this time we’re focusing on all things healing with Lizzie Slowe. Lizzie works as a chi kung teacher and an equine therapy facilitator, which means she delivers therapy sessions to people, involving horses. It’s a fascinating niche that she discovered by chance. Speaking to Metro.co.uk, she says: ‘I literally didn’t know what I wanted to do. ‘I fell into it. But as soon as I started the chi kung, my body knew this is what I was meant to do.’ Nowadays she also writes, and is the author of The Living Art of Chi Kung. The 50 year old, living in Chichester, West Sussex, has spent over 25 years in her line of work and even was a shiatsu therapist too. This is how she made it. Hey Lizzie. How did you come to find this niche career? I was at a real loose end. I originally went to music college as a classical cellist and really didn’t want to pursue that so I dropped out. For a few years I was a bit directionless, which ended up with me travelling in India and when I got back at 22, I was like, ‘oh, what now?’ My stepmother at the time had paid to go on a shiatsu course but changed her mind and didn’t want to go, so it was free for me to take her place. I had no idea what it was and went along. The teacher was really into chi kung and so we spend four weekends learning a form of that and I was hooked from there. I went on to do shiatsu training, which has a lot of chi kung in it, and I’ve now worked in that field for 28 years. How long did it take to train? It was four years in total. I keep waiting for chi kung to have its big moment in the limelight because it’s lesser known but it’s so fabulous. So as well as chi kung, equine therapy is a big part of your job. How does it work for people? Because it’s a relational form of therapy, the issues they can raise really range. Often there are relational problems, such as marriage breakups, or people wanting to change how they choose a partner – stuff that’s quite relationship focused. Horses can really make us aware of how we’re showing up. You might think you’re coming off as bubbly and excited, but deep down you’re scared – the horses know how you’re feeling and not what you’re saying you are. There can also be people with trauma, and anxiety issues. Anything someone would normally take to a therapist but who doesn’t want to sit in a square room – here there’s birds, fresh air, horses. You’re in amongst it all. It can be quite difficult in therapy to get very honest with yourself, whereas the horses just won’t respond unless you’re being truthful. When you say they won’t respond, how so? So I might say to a client, ‘I want you to go and make a connection with the horse and pay attention to what’s going on in your body,’ and we’ll do a body scan and awareness exercise. The person will go up to the horse and they might just carry on eating hay or walk away, but if they turn to you and start grooming you, that’s a connection. We also look at how the person keeps themselves safe. Horses are lovely but they’re big – if one sat on your lap they’d probably kill you. Then we’ll use that to look at the person’s boundaries – often people have very poor ones. What happens if someone can’t form a connection with the horses – is this style of therapy just not for them? No, I think it’s interesting and we’d look at and explore what’s happening so the horse doesn’t respond to them. Something that is quite bizarre – and I have trouble believing it every session it happens – is that if somebody is just not in touch with themselves, once a shift has occurred, the horse will always know. It will turn around and engage. It’s fascinating. Once during a session, all the horses were asleep and a client was telling me about this rage she wanted to express and said I’m ready to say my piece now. As she said that one of the horses got up, walked straight up to her, looked her in the eye, and she said it. He sighed and reacted, then stood with her. The horses seem to know what’s going on. They have resonant bodies and can feel emotions, more than understanding what’s going on in your head. Have you always loved animals and felt connected with them? I grew up in London and felt ‘animal deprived’ as a child, and I’d horse ride in the summer on holidays. But I was 40 when I first got a horse. It was a long-held dream. For someone starting out in the industry, what’s the salary like? I’ll be really straight with you, it’s very hard to make money doing equine assisted therapy because the costs of the horses are so high. I had my horses anyway before starting. I charge £80 for a session and if I was going to make that cover the horses, it wouldn’t work. People I know who do make it work charge £150 a session, but I’m not interested in being that expensive. Is there anything about your job you don’t like? I wrote a book over lockdown and I love writing – before that I didn’t know what was missing from my life. Now I’m doing more bits of writing. That creative side of me is somehow not fulfilled in the other stuff I do. What do you love about what you do? I was never interested in stuff at school and I was rubbish at school, but none of this feels like work. In the way I used to think ‘Oh god, I have to do homework,’ I don’t ever feel like that about my job. It feels like playtime. Do you have an interesting career journey? Get in touch by emailing tanyel.mustafa@metro.co.uk MORE : How I Made It: ‘I became a gold medalist Olympic rower after a stranger said I’d be good’ MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m a forensic scientist specialising in tattoo analysis’ MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m a florist and have designed arrangements for the Royals’