The owner of Burger King has said the company which runs its 800 restaurants in Russia has ‘refused’ to close them. Restaurant Brands International (RBI), which owns Burger King, says it has contacted its Russian partner, Alexander Kolobov, to close its outlets following the invasion of Ukraine. In an open letter to staff, David Shear, RBI’s president said: ‘We contacted the main operator of the business and demanded the suspension of Burger King restaurant operations in Russia. ‘He has refused to do so.’ Mr Shear said ‘complicated’ contracts with its overseas partners meant RBI was unable to walk away from its Russian business. He said any changes ‘would ultimately require the support of Russian authorities on the ground and we know that practically will not happen any time soon’. Burger King entered the Russian market 10 years ago. The fast-food giant trades there through a joint venture with Mr Kolobov, who is the main day-to-day operator of the business. RBI owns a minority 15% stake in the venture which also includes a Ukrainian investment fund and VTB Capital, an affiliate of Russia’s second-largest financial institution VTB Bank. VTB Bank has been sanctioned by the UK, the US and numerous European countries over the invasion. Mr Shear said RBI was in the process of unwinding its stake in the business but that this would ‘take some time’. He said RBI had ‘suspended all corporate support for the Russian market, including operations, marketing, and supply chain support’. ‘We committed to redirecting any profits we receive from the business, including our ownership stake, to the United Nations’ refugee agency (UNHCR) and made an immediate donation of $1 million (£760,000) toward that commitment,’ he added. ‘We’ve also worked with franchisees from more than 25 countries to distribute $2 million (£1.5m) of free meal coupons for Burger King restaurants to NGOs supporting Ukrainian refugees.’ A large number of Western brands have pulled out of Russia since Vladimir Putin gave the order to invade Ukraine on February 24. However, a small number, including Burger King, Marks and Spencer and the Marriot hotel group have been unable to do so because of complex franchise partnerships. The firms have outsourced their Russian businesses to third parties and do not own the operations bearing their name. Burger King’s rival McDonald’s announced it was temporarily closing all of its 850 restaurants in Russia on March 8. The firm said the closures were necessary due to the ‘needless human suffering’ caused by Russia in Ukraine. But since then, a trademark has been registered by Russkoye Polye-Logistik LLC for a new brand called ‘Uncle Vanya’ which has remarkably similar branding to McDonald’s iconic golden arches. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.