Fancy living in a piece of London’s history? Well, if your pockets are £1,750,000 deep, you can. A 1,321 sq ft two-bed apartment in the former London Telephone Exchange building has hit the market. Situated on the first floor of the Yoo Building at 17 Hall Road in St John’s Wood, the flat is newly refurbished with a contemporary design but has retained period features such as large floor plates, high ceilings and eye-catching feature windows. The then-new London Telephone Exchange was opened in 1937, enabling a large number of telephone calls to be reliably connected between London, the rest of the UK and countries around the world. This exchange also allowed Londoners to be able to make emergency 999 calls for the first time. While the telephone was invented in 1870, larger volumes of calls involving multiple callers couldn’t be made until the development of telephone exchanges nine years later. Under the lifestyle brand YOO, the Telephone Exchange was renamed the Yoo Building and converted into large apartments in 2001 by property entrepreneur John Hitchcock and French industrial architect Philippe Starck. Complete with two mezzanine floors where you’ll find the bedrooms, the apartment for sale boasts a large 31 ft reception room that features huge double-height ceilings, coffered ceilings with LED lighting and a triple series of floor-to-ceiling angled windows and an adjoining open-plan kitchen. Craig Draper, associate director of Aston Chase, the estate agents managing the sale of the property, said: ‘Within this incredibly spacious apartment there are touches of Art Deco style and early modernism, complemented by the high-quality marble work in the bathrooms and the striking contemporary kitchen.’ There’s a deep angled bay window in the principal bedroom, which also has an en-suite, and geometric plasterwork Art Deco on the ceiling in the dining area. The fully fitted kitchen is complete with bold steel kitchen units and worktops and a marble island. The bathrooms also echo that marble motif, and you’ll find engineered timber wood flooring elsewhere in the flat. Mark Pollack, co-founding director of Aston Chase said: ‘This historic 1930s telecoms building helped to make the UK’s first-ever 999 calls possible and was the London hub where telephone calls were placed between Britain and its Commonwealth dominions. ‘Style and history meet in this spacious modern apartment which is located equidistant between St John’s Wood and Maida Vale.’ The apartment also comes with private car parking space and 24-hour porterage. It’s just a few minute’s walk away from the cafés and restaurants of Clifton Road in Little Venice, and 0.5 miles away from St John’s Wood Station and 0.3 miles away from Maida Vale Station. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Couple saved up to buy their £490,000 flat – without help from their parents MORE : What I Rent: Scarlett and Xandice, £1,050 a month for a two-bedroom flat in Brighton MORE : Londoner transforms dull rented flat into pastel paradise with landlord-friendly hacks