We’re a week into March, and in Eurovision terms, that means we’re just days off the Heads of Delegation Meeting, AKA the deadline for countries to submit their entries. As it stands, 32 artists have been announced, with multiple big players set to reveal who they’re sending to Turin this weekend. And still, no United Kingdom entry – although social media is ablaze about a certain Space Man who could be in the running. Settle in for your Eurovision Song Contest update ahead one of the biggest weeks in the calendar. So, the BBC and TaP Music are still dragging their heels in announcing who the UK will send to Eurovision – for reference, James Newman was confirmed at the end of February in 2020. However, the rumour mill has been whirring this week, and the name on the wind? Sam Ryder. The Essex-based singer became a star over lockdown with his covers of songs by Adele, Sia and Lewis Capaldi on TikTok, and amassed 12 million followers on the platform. He was signed up for a few gigs that would have ruled him out of Eurovision, but eagle-eyed fans have pointed out that Sam has cancelled a concert in Glasgow on May 15, which is the day after the grand final in Turin. Could he be clearing his schedule? More weight to the rumour came when Scott Mills, who commentates the Eurovision semi-finals for the BBC, bigged up Sam’s cover versions on Radio 1 last week, before playing his song Space Man. This is the song Eurofans reckon Sam is bringing to Turin. All is yet to be confirmed, but this would definitely be a new direction for the UK, and after two last place finishes in a row, that can only be a good thing. Sorry to steal a nickname, sports fans, but this weekend is the Eurofandom’s Super Saturday. March 12 will see Iceland hold their Söngvakeppnin grand final, Portugal hold their Festival da Canção final, and Sweden reach the end of Melodifestivalen. Sweden are always ones to watch, and at the moment, it’s predicted that Cornelia Jakobs and her song Hold Me Closer will be heading to Turin. However, she has competition from Anders Bagge (Bigger Than The Universe), and also Klara Hammarstrom and her song Run To The Hills. Often there’s a clear favourite at Melfest – take 2020’s Dotter – but they’ll be pipped to the post – take 2020’s The Mamas – so this is definitely one to watch. Likewise, Iceland have been favourites in the last three years thanks to Hatari and Daði og Gagnamagnið, and that good will could carry over. Five acts – Amarosis, Katla, Daughters of Reykjavik, Stefan Oli and Sigga, Beta & Elin – will compete before two make it to the superfinal, resulting in a face off for the crown. Our favourites are rap collective Daughters of Reykjavik, whose song Turn This Around has been a hit amongst Eurofans so far. Finally, 10 artists will compete to represent Portugal this weekend – Os Quatro e Meia, Diana Castro, FF, Aurea, Maro, Inês Homem de Melo, Syro, Pepperoni Passion, Milhanas and Pongo & Tristany. Portugal have only reached the top 10 on the scoreboard once in the past 20 years – but that’s when they won with Amar pelos dois by Salvador Sobra. We know we keep rearranging our ‘best opening lyric’ table of Eurovision 2022, but seriously, everyone’s upped their game this year. Rivalling Citi Zeni and Subwoolfer is Serbia’s entry Konstrakta, who won the national selection In Pesma za Evroviziju. The translation of the opening lyric of her song In Corpore Sano? ‘What is the secret behind Meghan Markle’s healthy hair?’ Konstrakta reckons it’s hydration, before going on to explain what dark circles around your eyes and dark spots around your lips mean for your health. It is one of the weirdest songs of the year and we are totally sold – tell us more of your theories about Meghan Markle’s beauty regime, please. Reddi have beaten seven other acts at Melodi Grand Prix to win the right to represent Denmark this year. The four-piece rock band will be taking The Show to Turin, and explained of the song: ‘It’s a song that encourages you to listen to yourself and go after your dreams, no matter what others say and think. We want to inspire you to never hold back, no matter what you want in life!’ Well, a rock quartet have very recently won Eurovision, so it’s not a bad tactic… Just like the UK, Big Five member Germany haven’t had the best few years of late, coming second last in 2019 and 2021… er, just behind the UK. Jendrik’s I Don’t Feel Hate, complete with ukulele and a dancing finger, was rather divisive last year, so Germany has gone a safer route this year. German-American singer Malik Harris stormed the TV viewer vote in Germany 12 Points, with his song Rockstars chosen to head to Turin. Malik said of the song: ‘It’s a song that has incredible personal significance for me and offers a glimmer of hope in these difficult times, while also showing people that we’re all in the same boat.’ Germany have a pass to the final alongside Italy, Spain, the UK and France. Speaking of France, Alvan & Ahez will be hoping for douze points this May, after winning Eurovision France: C’est Vous Qui Décidez over the weekend. The act is made up of multi-instrumentalist Alvan and the trio of Breton singers Ahez, and their song Fulenn is all about the Breton legend of a young woman who dances at night in the bonfire light. France came second last year behind Italy thanks to the success of Barbara Pravi’s Voila – could they go one better in Turin? WRS came out on top in Romania’s national selection final Selecţia Naţională, beating nine other artists to the honour. He will be bringing Llámame to Turin, and will face off in the second semi-final. Romania haven’t had the best of luck in the past few years – as well as 2020’s concert being cancelled when their artist Roxen and her song Alcohol You was getting a decent buzz, they haven’t qualified since 2017, when they came seventh with the ridiculously catchy Yodel It!, and the year before that they were forced to withdraw over the national broadcaster’s unpaid debts to the EBU. Here’s hoping WRS has a better time of it. Switzerland managed to improve on their 4th place finish bop You Got Me in 2019 with a bronze medal last year, courtesy of Gjon’s Tears. So, hoping to keep on this trajectory, they’ve stuck with the formula and gone way more literal. Marius Bear has been announced as Switzerland’s 2022 entry, and he’ll be taking his song Boys Do Cry. Yep, the Swiss really like crying. As far from the dancefloor filler of Luca Hanni three years ago as you can get, Boys Do Cry is basically George Ezra singing Michael Buble’s cover of a Salvador Sobral song. If we had any doubt that the US was taking their version of Eurovision seriously, the line-up has swiftly dispelled them. 56 artists set to represent the 50 states, plus Puerto Rico, Washington DC, Northern Mariana Islands, the US Virgin Islands, Guam and American Samoa, were unveiled last week, and there’s some genuine stars in the mix. Jewel will be representing Alaska, Michael Bolton is repping Connecticut, Thong Song maestro Sisqo is performing for Maryland and Macy Gray is representing Ohio. Other standouts? Nevada’s act The Crystal Method, who has either borrowed the name of RuPaul’s Drag Race queen Crystal Methyd, or is about to get some complaints over their class A inspiration. Snoop Dogg and Kelly Clarkson will present the grand final on May 9, just days before actual Eurovision.