Georgia Toffolo revealed she won a massive £37,500 on the first race at Cheltenham Festival this year, putting her windfall down to ‘beginner’s luck’. The Made In Chelsea star, 27, had been presenting at the event for ITV Racing and chose to have a flutter herself, laying out £5,000 as she split her bet between Constitution Hill and Jonbon finishing in first and second place, or vice versa. Clearly having an eye for a good bet, Georgia managed to pick the horses which placed first and second, netting £37,500. Sharing a photo of her betting slip, she told her followers: ‘OH MY GOD beginners luck. B***dy hell can’t believe it. Generous donation incoming to both the @BritishRedCross and @decappeal.’ The Disasters Emergency Committee responded to thank her, adding: ‘Thank you so much for supporting our appeal Georgia! Your contribution will help aid  reach our member charities in Ukraine and neighbouring countries!’ After fans questioned her ‘beginner’ bet of £5,000, Georgia also clarified that she had only meant it was her first bet of that particular horseracing festival, not her first bet ever. Georgia added: ‘Seeing some confusion re my caption – beginners luck because it was the first race of the festival! It is not, one might say my first rodeo. ‘Wouldn’t normally share a bet like that but if it gets more people donating to the charities I’ll take the stick.’ Fans also took to Twitter to question Toff posting such a large bet when most of the country is facing struggles with the cost of living increase. They commented: ‘Not really ideal showing that you’re able to risk losing £2500, when a lot of families can’t afford to heat their homes or feed their kids!’ Another added: ‘Badly timed/ill judged post…  whilst possibly well intentioned, it’s just made you look patronising/entitled/rich whilst the masses struggle/out of touch… no way does a beginner place a 5 grand bet! Thats a fortune to those in need! Well done, but maybe not the time.’ Some fans defended Toff, responding: ‘I don’t think it made her look patronising or entitled. She put a bet on at Cheltenham which many people have today. Everyone’s bank roll is different so it’s all relative… if you can’t afford £5k don’t bet £5k it’s really that simple.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Weakest Link: Georgia Toffolo apologises after being called out for ‘harsh’ remarks towards Nina Wadia MORE : Georgia Toffolo ‘frustrated’ at reaction to her political friendships: ‘If I were a middle-aged, white man it wouldn’t be a focal point of interest’ 