An Australian comedian who learned Prince Philip was dead seconds after he made a joke about him during a live set has revealed he received death threats after his show went viral. Lewis Spears was performing a stand-up routine in April 2021 when he began poking fun at the Royal Family, including Philip, unaware that his death had just been announced. A camera caught the bizarre moment Lewis was told by audience members that the prince had died, just after Lewis joked ‘the c*** is 3,000-years-old’ and ‘invented racism’. Lewis read out the official statement from Buckingham Palace announcing his death to gasps and laughter from the crowd, before launching into the pre-prepared set that ripped shreds out of the royals, focusing mostly on Philip. Now, in an interview with SBS Tonight, Lewis said that, on the night, his set ‘f****g demolished, it was one of the best sets I’ve ever done in my life’. He explained the jokes were pre-written and he had been performing them every night for 10 days, joking: ‘I should maybe apologise to the Royal Family because I think I killed him, I may have cursed him.’ Warning: the video below contains explicit language. Lewis said the response from young and old in Australia was ‘really good,’ and while ‘young people in England loved it, old people in England hated it’. ‘I’ve never had so many death threats from so many people close to death themselves,’ he joked. ‘[Overall] it was profoundly positive but there was a really, really loud minority that were incensed and very angry and upset.’ Lewis had just began his segment on the royals when he was told the prince had just died, and launched into the prepared set regardless, first joking his death was ‘a bit overdue’. ‘Are we sure he died today?’ he said at the time. ‘I reckon he died 10 years ago and they just wheel him out attached to strings for special events.’ After the segment, and caught on video, Lewis told the audience that he would probably wait until ‘tomorrow’ to upload the set to YouTube. The show went viral around the world, clips being shared on Twitter, Facebook, Reddit and other platforms. Lewis’ original YouTube video has racked up well over 1million views. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katherine Ryan defends ‘roast comedy’ while thanking Jimmy Carr in National Comedy Awards speech MORE : Rosie Jones shares joy at being ‘big, gay, disabled princess in perfect dress’ at National Comedy Awards 