We hope that green is one of your star colours as this week we will be slipping into something emerald teamed with a top hat that looks like a pint of Guinness – obvs! What for? To celebrate *checks diary* St Patrick’s Day today, the one day of the year you’re expected to over-indulge, of course. From Guinness Tiramisu through whiskey flights to green lagers and even green-themed gaming, the craic is city-wide… with a little detour via Valencia and some laughs thrown in for good measure. We’ve always looked at a Guinness and thought if only it were as sweet and creamy as it looks, we’d drink it all the time. Well, thanks to St Patrick’s Day and the nice people at Swift, we’re one step nearer with the Jameson Black Barrel and Guinness Tiramisu! We know, right! It’s available until Saturday and if you pitch up at the Soho outlet on Thursday – the day itself – there’ll be traditional Irish music to help it go down. It’s the same story at Coupette in Bethnal Green – music, £7 cocktail specials, raucousness – and Homeboy, both bars, the Embassy Gardens and the Islington ones *changes into heavily embroidered Ceilidh outfit*. Various venues Sponsored A massive 40% off food at one of the hottest new restaurants in town? Where do we sign up? Just book your spot to grab a bite of the action at the subterranean steakhouse Bar + Block – all wood and brick and sexy lighting – and you’ll get almost half off its signature hand-cut steaks and spectacular grills. Throw in a few of the specially curated cocktails (one of which is named after Paddington… well, it would be rude not to in this location) and we are looking at a major – and majorly bargainous! – night out. Offer valid until April 14 (pre-booking is essential and exclusions apply). Get a massive 40% off, quote code BJGUMXDH, and visit North Wharf Road, W2. It’s the one day of the year you are culturally obliged to crawl the bars, which is why we’re throwing a couple more into the St Patrick’s Day mix. First up there’s our old favourite Mr. Fogg’s Tavern, where, apart from whiskey cocktails like the Irish coffee with hazelnut liqueur and the What’s the Craic-uiri, a daquiri using Tullamore Caribbean rum cast whiskey, the house lager will be emerald green! Oh and Tom Carradine will be at the piano. Then there’s Cahoots with more Tullamore whiskey cocktails and live entertainment from The Midnight Rye. Just make sure you stretch before you do the dance with arms by your side and legs really high up. Various venues Anyone who knows anything about whiskey knows that Spitalfields’ Milroy’s is a shrine that must be paid homage to, especially around St Patrick’s Day, which is like now! Apart from their usual fine selection of the stuff, this week Teeling Whiskey – direct from Dublin – is taking over the cocktail menu meaning there will be Teeling Highballs on draught, a Teeling Irish coffee and a trio, which we think is three, whiskey tasting flights, with three, four or five tasters per flight. And come St Patrick’s Day itself (that’s today), you can expect a full takeover with Irish music and a free embroidered flat cap with every bottle or tasting flight. Now, that’s fancy! Until March 20, 78 Commercial Street, E1 It doesn’t all have to be Irish dancing and getting your Craic out on St Patrick’s Day, you know. There’s nothing in the rule book that says you can’t celebrate with a little light green-themed gaming, which is what we’re going to be getting up to down in Wandsworth where Gravity is not only serving up green pints and Guinness shots but is also laying on green-themed games including AR bowling and Urban Golf. And those are just two of many… well, they do have three floors to play with, which is why they’ve enlisted hyper-immersive Electric Gamebox, Gravity GT, an electric go-karting racetrack and AR Shuffleboard, which we have no idea what that is. Just add booze and play! Today, Wandsworth High Street, SW18 They were already outdoing themselves on the cocktail front, but Records – you know the bars in Old Street, Eatcheap, Northcote and Venn Street – were not going to let St Patrick’s Day slip past without a nod in the direction of the Emerald Isle. No siree Bob. From today until Sunday, they will be adding an eclectic mix of Irish cocktails featuring Slane whiskey – the Pot of Gold with Slane, peach and lemon, Slane My Name with cherry, egg white and lemon and The Irish Godfather with Slane and amaretto – as well as a classic Baby Guinness Shooter, which looks like the black stuff but is actually a coffee liqueur/Irish Cream combo. We like sneaky drinks. Oh and live music! Until Saturday, various locations Now, we’re already big fans of the newly opened Mondrian Shoreditch mainly because of its amazing bar and buzzy underground restaurant. Now we have a whole new reason to sing its praises thanks to an ongoing artistic partnership with Gone Rogue. The new collection is called Femme 13 and celebrates female artists making a splash in the art world and, to build on a March spent celebrating all things femme, they are putting on a panel discussion with Caroline Chinakwe, their artist in residence, Grazie, Bethany Perry and Saki to broach the subject. And after the discussion, you get to go into the usually members-only Rose Lounge for drinks and chats! How clever do we feel! Tomorrow, Mondrian Shoreditch, 45 Curtain Road, EC2 Green is the colour, drinking (and eating and having fun) is the game, we’re all together… can’t remember the rest. Anyways, BOXPARK, always down for a good time, was never going to let St Patrick’s Day sneak past without a toast or two. In Shoreditch, they’re inviting us to have a go on the whiskey wheel (don’t mind if we do!) where you can win prizes and sup Jameson’s and ginger ale, while down in Croydon they are having a shakeout with, erm, Shakeout performing live. Not to be outdone, at Wembley they are celebrating with Shamrock Sessions, which include tunes courtesy of Irish band Barn Storm. Add street food and tipples and we’re all Irish for one day only. Various venues We could all use a bit of a laugh (are we right? Or are we right?), which is why we’re deep into Comedy Bloomers, the search for the LGBTQ+ New Comedian of the Year 2022. Featuring the best of gay comedy (with other minorities, which is nice), there will be heats, the next being on March 30, leading to finals leading to glory and sparkles and glittering career… well, for one of them at any rate. And you can watch and vote for your favourites just so you feel invested. Listen, everyone’s got to start somewhere and this is where they start paying in sweat. March 30, Seven Dials Club, WC2 If you love Barcelona and Madrid, you should try Valencia, which takes that Spanish madness one step further. And to help you dip your toe in, Valencian restaurant Arros QD is doing a one-night-only celebration of that city’s annual spring festival, Las Fallas, which is basically an excuse to set things on fire. Sit down to – count ‘em! – seven courses of open-fire cooking from six Michelin-starred Valencian chef Quique Dacosta while you enjoy performance artists, fire breathers, fire-flamed cocktails and DJs. The food? Valenican specialities like salt-cured tuna, Iberian presa and paella! And a glass of champagne – that’s not very Spanish – on arrival and Agua de Valencia, which can be lethal, after dinner. Olé, baby! Saturday, 64 Eastcastle Street, W1 Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the foods that could help prevent dementia in later life MORE : These are the week’s food highlights, including a record-breaking Greggs