The Duchess of Cambridge has arrived to pay her respects at Prince Philip’s memorial service at Westminster Abbey in a chic polka dot gown. The belted black Alessandra Rich dress features long sleeves with stitching detail and elegant silver button embellishment on one shoulder and a mid-calf length hem. The silk gown is Italian-made and shaped to a 1980s silhouette featuring a high neck, puff-shoulder sleeves and a dropped-waist pleated skirt. She teamed the dress with simple black pumps, pearl earrings, a wide-brimmed black hat with white feather details and a cream clutch bag. The Duchess was joined by husband William and their two eldest children George and Charlotte. Other senior royals arrived at Westminster Abbey to celebrate the 99-year life of Prince Philip. This isn’t the first time Kate has rocked a spotty dress – in fact, she’s a big fan of the polka dot look. Many have even drawn comparison’s between her love of the style and Princess Diana’s habit of wearing dotty garments too. Here are some of Kate’s past polka dot looks: The Duchess is clearly a fan of Alessandra Rich, as she wore another dress by the Italian designer at the end of her Caribbean tour last week, that one was yellow with a flatting hip peplum, exaggerated puff sleeves and a ladylike midi-length pencil skirt, and was cinched at the waist with a bejewelled belt. At today’s event in Westminster Abbey, the Queen arrived with her son Prince Andrew, who earlier this month paid millions to settle a US sex abuse case out of court. The Queen, Princess Anne and Camilla were all wearing a similar shade of bottle green for the event – in a special tribute to Philip. The poignant ceremony is her first major official engagement outside one of her homes for nearly six months. The Queen, who sometimes uses a walking stick, is said to be suffering from mobility issues but is ‘too proud’ to be seen with a wheelchair in public. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Kate Middleton goes full princess in a Cinderella-esque Phillipa Lepley gown for a reception in Nassau, Bahamas MORE : Queen arrives at memorial service for Prince Philip MORE : Kate Middleton wears blue Emilia Wickstead dress to match the Bahamas flag