Nick Kyrgios has leapt to the defence of Emma Raducanu by calling out former players who have criticised her of late. Raducanu’s latest struggles in 2022 saw her suffer a disappointing second round exit to Katerina Sinaiakova at the Miami Open this week. The British No.1 has won just twice in seven matches this season with her US Open-winning form from last year yet to make an appearance. In the same week, the 19-year-old added Porsche to her growing list of sponsors which has seen some take aim at where her focus is right now. Four-time Grand Slam champion Kim Clijsters said: ‘We’ve seen others that kind of take a step back and say, “Oh, I’ve won a Slam now, I’ve made it. ‘”There’s sponsors coming in and I get treated like a princess wherever I go.” ‘Just because you’re the No.1 player and have won Slams, doesn’t mean you should treat other people differently.’ Former world No.5 Daniela Hantuchova also gave her verdict, saying on Amazon Prime: ‘All the locker room respect she had after the US Open is now kind of going away which is a shame.’ Kyrgios has defended Raducanu though and took to social media to call out some ex-pros. The Aussie tweeted on Sunday: ‘What’s with old retired players giving their opinion on our stars now? ‘I love A-rod [Andy Roddick] and I agree we all need to chill with the rackets and all that, but geezus, I read an article about a past female player talking about Raducanu, no offence but she is a far far bigger name already.’ Following her early exit at the Miami Open, Raducanu described criticism about her off-the-court activities as ‘unfair.’ ‘Maybe you just see, on the news or on social media, me signing this or that deal and I feel like it’s quite misleading because I’m doing five, six hours a day (of training), I’m at the club for 12 hours a day,’ she said. ‘But I throw out one post in the car on the way to practice and all of a sudden it’s “I don’t focus on tennis.” ‘I think that it is unfair but it’s something I have learned to deal with and become a bit more insensitive to the outside noise.’ MORE : Emma Raducanu blasts critics over ‘unfair’ comments amid latest sponsorship deal MORE : Emma Raducanu asked about her own retirement plans following Ashleigh Barty’s shock decision to quit tennis For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 