England legend Michael Owen has shared his pride after his daughter launched her own swimwear line – scoring a new goal of her own. Gemma, 18, is sporty like her father, and has represented Britain for dressage, but decided to diversify her career during lockdown. Promoting her new line, the entrepreneur shared photographs of herself posing in a one-piece from her own luxury collection, called OG Beachwear, which includes bikinis starting at £130, and swimming trunks at £110. The website for the swimwear brand promises to provide outfits that ‘ooze class and sophistication, with a hint of youth and sexiness’. Taking to Instagram, her father, Michael, 42 – who recently appeared on The Masked Singer – encouraged people to follow the brand online, adding: ‘Pretty damn proud of my daughter launching her new @ogbeachwear brand.’ The brunette beauty proudly showcased her forthcoming collection, wearing a plunging neutral one-piece, with ruched sides and a high-leg cutout design. Gemma wore her long hair loose, with a hint of a wave at the ends for a beach-look style that’s giving us all the summer vibes. She also wore a full face of makeup, with a brown smokey eye and a flick of eyeliner to finish it off. Speaking bout her design career, Gemma said: ‘My other passions are travel and fashion and that is how the dream of having my own swimwear label was born.’ She went on: ‘In recent years I’ve personally found it difficult to find luxurious and classy swimwear garments that have a luxury feel with a youthful edge and so this was the inspiration to create my label. ‘My aim is to offer a brand that provides luxury, designer quality garments that ooze class and sophistication, with a hint of youth and sexiness.’ Gemma’s new business venture comes after her dad’s appearance on The Masked Singer, with the football ace – who was striker for Liverpool, Real Madrid, Newcastle United, Manchester United and Stoke City, as well as playing for the England team – revealing that his nerves on the programme left him ‘numb’ and that some of his friends ‘took the mick’ after he was unveiled as Doughnuts. Speaking to the Mail Online, he said: ‘I wasn’t the nervous type. If it’s football, I could play in front of one person or a million.’ After he was unveiled, he also apologised to fans on social media for his singing, joking on Twitter: ‘Finally I can apologise for burning your ears these last few weeks. ‘My kids badgered me into doing @MaskedSingerUK but I have to say it was a great experience and a whole lot of fun. ‘Still can’t believe I got past round one!’ MORE : Kanye West ‘isn’t officially dating Kim Kardashian lookalike Chaney Jones’ following split from Julia Fox MORE : Kanye West goes Instagram official with Kim Kardashian-lookalike love interest Chaney Jones in cosy selfie Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 