A professor who has helped to evacuate almost 2,000 international students from a Ukrainian city has said she will remain in her homeland until the last person reaches safety. Dr Tetyana Mayboroda coordinated the mass departure after a humanitarian corridor was opened up in Sumy, to the north-east of the country, where air strikes and its close proximity to the Russian border had prevented people from fleeing the invasion. Tetyana has herself left her home in the city and relocated to Ternopil, 400 miles to the west, while she continues to try and secure passage out of Ukraine for her students. She told Metro.co.uk that she will not make a decision on her future in Ukraine ‘until the last student has left across the border’ – despite a friend being killed in a Russian attack. The lecturer has been the facilitator for hundreds of international students drawn from 50 countries, predominantly in Africa, at Sumy State University. She told Metro.co.uk that 1,450 scholars had been evacuated on Tuesday. They were among a wider number of more than 5,000 residents who left in buses and private cars in the first successful mass evacuation since the Russian invasion began 15 days ago. ‘There is no way I am leaving the country until all my students are safe on the western borders,’ Tetyana said. ‘When the war started we were in a worse situation than other cities for evacuations because the railway station was damaged and because it is 40 to 60km from the Russia border. ‘By the end of the first day Russian troops were almost all round the city. ‘It was very complicated, students and civilians were stuck.’ Students trapped in Sumy had spoken of desperate conditions as they ran out of food and water amid shelling and air raids. The ‘green corridor’ between the city and Poltava in central Ukraine was one of six proposed routes on Tuesday. Another in the south-eastern city of Mariupol failed to open amid reports of Russian shelling hitting residential areas and preventing people from leaving their homes. Out of 1,750 students when the invasion began, some managed to leave before the route was opened, with the remainder departing on Tuesday. Most of the scholars, from countries including Ecuador, Ghana, Nigeria, India and Turkey, have travelled onwards via free rail services to Lviv, the main western gateway for refugees close to the frontier with Poland. Evacuated African students have reported racism when trying to catch packed trains, including being told to wait or stand aside with no clear directions about when they could board. Tetyana said: ‘When the war started there was lots of panic among Ukrainians and foreign citizens and when everyone started to head to the borders the queues were huge, especially to the Polish borders. ‘Many people walked in the cold and no one was ready for such an amount of people to cross the border. The rule is that women with children, then women and then men were allowed to cross. Sometimes it was perceived that Black people were divided at the borders. ‘On the first day there was no order and because of that such messages could appear but we explained to our students about the categories of people and now they know and are ready for this. ‘My students are reporting to me how Ukrainians are helping them to cross the border and giving them food and warm clothes.’ Tetyana, 40, who is in Ternopil with her son, got little sleep as she worked frantically during the evacuation window this week. Only a handful of foreign nationals, who have links to the university but are not currently enrolled, remain in Sumy on the third day of the corridor. Tetyana, who spoke as part of the War Against War campaign, a platform set up to counter Russian propaganda and ‘outright lies’, told Metro.co.uk she had lost track of the weekly calendar. ‘I’ve only been counting the days since the war started and the days it has taken to get my students to safety,’ she said. ‘Only now do I feel like I can breathe. I’m not sure if I want to leave, I’m thinking of volunteering and I need to find something for my son to be engaged in and how we can live in this condition. ‘We don’t know when this will end. I’m not sure if I should go and stay in Europe with my friends or stay here. Only when the last of my students has crossed the border will I think about it. I need to be sure they are all safe.’ A Russian bomb attack in Sumy earlier in the week left 22 civilians dead, according to the Regional Prosecutor’s Office. It was followed by another atrocity in the south-eastern port city of Mariupol where three people, including a six-year-old girl, were killed after Russian bombs fell on a maternity hospital. ‘‘This is a great crime,’ Tetyana said of the invasion. ‘Just on Tuesday a bomb killed my good friend while he was in his house. This is a crime against a beautiful, independent, peaceful country and people. It’s painful for us, we didn’t deserve this but we will fight, we will win this war and Ukraine will be stronger.’ The number of refugees fleeing Ukraine for neighbouring countries currently stands at more than 2.2 million, according to the United Nations. The humanitarian crisis is regarded as the worst in Europe since the Second World War, with the peacekeeping organisation warning that the exodus could ‘overwhelm’ host nations such as Poland and Moldova. On Tuesday, UN aid worker Chris Melzer told Metro.co.uk he had been reduced to tears by the stories of some of those crossing into Poland. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.