It shimmered at me, almost giving me a wink. It was a bronze, shiny star badge embossed with the words, ‘ICT gifted and talented’. I had spent every lesson with my head down and each piece of coursework came back as a distinction. ‘I can’t wait to tell Mum’, my 14-year-old self thought at the time. I was gifted, and I felt like I was something different. The stream of praise continued when I got home from school that day – a bit of extra pocket money, multiple iterations of ‘I’m so proud of you’ and ‘you’re so clever’ – it was euphoric. It’s something I’d regularly hear as a kid at school. But as I grew up and entered adulthood, this flow of praise trickled to a complete stop and I hit a wall as a result. This is why I think we need change: Change in how we praise and raise kids, and a shift in how we work as adults. Labelling kids as gifted can appear to do more harm than good when those children grow up into success-hungry adults that will realistically never receive that same level of praise in the working world. This was me. I grew up feeling I never had much to offer. I was bullied, shy and looks were definitely not my strength, but one thing I knew was that I was smart. I had brilliant grades, I hit all my targets, I won an ‘Oscar’ for being the best actress in my year, and I spent most of my childhood taking home the title of ‘star of the week’. Not to brag or anything. At 16, I sat in an assembly surrounded by my peers. All on the cusp of exams, the naive bliss of teenagehood encased us in the room. We had just sat our final round of mocks before the ‘real thing’ and the teachers were counting down and listing off names of people who had achieved the best marks, until they named the person who scored most of their target grades – me. My name flashed up before me and hundreds of my peers with some poor PowerPoint animations, as I felt eyeballs gawping at me atop their craned necks and swivelled bodies. My collection of gifted badges grew and grew, crowding my blazer lapel; English, Media, Design and three for ICT – spanning bronze to gold. Each one made me want more. When my friend earned her music badge and I didn’t, it felt like the end of the world. I would ask, why was I not good enough this time? This mentality loomed over me into adulthood, but the world of work can be a humbling experience for the gifted kid; failed job interviews, rejections and brutally honest feedback take a toll. When I worked in a dessert cafe alongside university, I thought it would be a doddle, but I was so bad at making crepes I was practically banned from making any hot food and was stuck to cleaning tables and making ice cream. The job hunt at the end of my degree felt like stepping outside a cosy cottage into a snowstorm. The comfy blanket that was essay writing and lectures was stripped from me and I knew work would be a very different reality to what I was used to. It can be a real struggle navigating the world outside academia. When I look back on my school years, I feel proud of my younger self. She was resilient and managed to achieve so much. But I can’t help but think of how the constant praise has turned me into a chaser of success and when I don’t feel successful, I feel depressed. Gifted kid burnout is like a pendulum that swings between exhaustion and low mental health, to toxic ‘grafting’ culture where you cannot stop trying to chase the desire of achievement. You overwork and panic yourself into a hole and the swing continues until some form of praise brings it to a pause. If this rings true for you, you could be suffering from it too. When the flow of flattery drops as we enter the world of adulthood and work, many of us feel like failures. We feel dead inside and like we’ve lost our sparkle – we’re not good at anything anymore. I’ve seen memes, TikToks and an array of tweets on the ‘gifted kid to depressed adult pipeline’. The hashtag ‘formergiftedkid’ has racked up over 32million views on TikTok alone, featuring videos like one who wrote a song with the line ‘only weak kids ask for help’. This really hit a nerve for me because once we’re fed the idea that we’re gifted as a child, we can’t stop continuing to prove that we are deserving of that title and by asking questions or speaking out, we worry we’re not perhaps as smart as people thought. Why was I a gifted kid? Why do I punish myself for not achieving a new goal every week of the year? I think it partly comes down to my working class background. I always knew I’d have to pedal that little bit harder. I can’t afford to be lazy and throw half my effort into what I do. I have to throw my whole body into the pool, I can’t just dip a toe. Gifted kid burnout makes the transition into the world of work twice as hard for the working class; it leaves us bewildered and unsure of where we belong, leading to us suffering crushing imposter syndrome, too. While I can practice self-love and affirm myself I am doing OK until the cows come home, the real way to tackle gifted kid burnout comes from employers themselves. When was the last time you felt praised in your career? Do you leave work with the same thrill you did when you received a shiny gold star at school? Or do you feel you’re more often told when you’ve done something wrong than something right? We shouldn’t lose the praise we are given as young people when we become adults. Reward in the workplace is a necessity to showing employees that they are valued and in the long run can only make for a happier workplace with staff who feel successful – it’s a win-win situation. When it comes to children, of course we shouldn’t strip them of praise completely, but maybe we should make it more realistic, or lighter? Maybe we shouldn’t slap the gifted label on so many kids, and instead praise them in a way that is gentle. If we don’t, we should at least balance it out by praising adults in a similar manner so they don’t feel like they can no longer achieve anything. Chances are, I’m going to be stuck this way for life. I’ll continue to have crashes of productivity, nights of tears and the overwhelming desperation to achieve something – anything. I feel like the only way forward is to look at the positives of being a success-chaser. My work ethic has already led me to some amazing opportunities and achievements. I won an award for ‘having the most flair for digital and print journalism’ when I graduated university and I was already getting my work published in my last year of studies, but I’m going to dip in and out of burnouts and low mental health for eternity. If you’re suffering with the fallout of being a gifted kid, remember to show yourself some love. And if you’re an employer, go and tell your staff that their efforts are appreciated, someone might really need to hear it. MORE : 'Genius' three-year-old with incredible IQ is accepted into Mensa MORE : Parents frame kid’s drawing on living room wall like a museum exhibition MORE : 12 life problems only faced by the smart kid at school