Bridgerton star Jonathan Bailey has opened up about the pressure he felt to hide his sexuality when he was starting out as an actor. Jonathan, 33, who plays the womanising Anthony Bridgerton in the hit Netflix series, admits he  felt like he had to suppress his own sexuality to make it in show business. He told GQ Hype that hearing the callous advice another actor friend had been told during pilot season stuck with him, explaining: ‘At the time he was told, “There’s two things we don’t want to know: if you’re an alcoholic or if you’re gay.” ‘All it takes is for one of those people in that position of power to say that, and it ripples through. So, yeah, of course I thought that. Of course I thought that in order to be happy I needed to be straight.’ However, Jonathan – who doesn’t appear to be publicly dating anyone at the moment – decided to speak publicly about his sexuality for the benefit of his own happiness and to no longer have to hide his relationships. He explained: ‘I reached a point where I thought, “F**k this”, I’d much prefer to hold my boyfriend’s hand in public or be able to put my own face picture on Tinder and not be so concerned about that, than get a part.’ Jonathan had previously told Sir Ian McKellen: ‘I was coming to terms with my own sexuality, I hadn’t necessarily hidden it, but I’ve never been not honest about it. ‘It’s just there had never been a need to talk about it. There’s a sense of shame, I think, that’s palpable throughout gay men within the industry.’ While Bridgerton may have thrust him into the role of a sex symbol, Jonathan is not so keen on the label, adding: ‘Any actor who thinks they’re a sex symbol? Cringe.’ For fans of the period drama, Bridgerton’s season two trailer finally arrived on Wednesday, teasing more action to come, with Jonathan front and centre. Read the full feature online at GQ Hype now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bridgerton season 2: Scandal reigns in new trailer as Jonathan Bailey and Simone Ashley fight their feelings MORE : Nicola Coughlan ‘freaking out’ after watching Bridgerton season 2 finale weeks before launch: ‘I didn’t breathe!’ 