Waves are having a moment in the world of hair. We first spotted this with the mermaid wave trend that emerged late last year, but now the ruffle variety is taking centre stage – and the style pays homage to Renaissance hair. Dubbed as ‘Botticelli waves,’ this unstructured and naturally fluffy look has been spotted at various fashion weeks and on a number of celebrities. As the name suggests, the trend is named after the 15th century Italian artist Sandro Botticelli, who would often paint women with this particular type of hairstyle. Now this historical look is having a revival in 2022. Hair expert Nicole Petty, from Milk + Blush, says: ‘While fashionistas were making statements at fashion weeks around the world, it wasn’t just their clothes we were looking at – but their hair, too. ‘Although it wasn’t the super-edgy cuts that we had hair envy for, it was the long, natural, and wavy locks that stars such as Drew Barrymore and Rihanna were sporting. ‘Known as Botticelli, or ruffle waves, this style is about embracing (or creating) long, beachy waves from the root to the tip – and is inspired by the Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, who often painted his subjects with flowing XXL hair.’ So how do you achieve it? Nicole says: ‘If you are blessed with long, thick locks, then ask your hairdresser to keep your hair as long as possible and soften any blunt lines. And if you don’t have them, consider adding in some long hair extensions, such as tapes for a permanent look, or clip-ins for a quick fix.’ This style is great for anyone with naturally-wavy locks, as it’s just about playing on these to make hair appear ‘effortless.’ Nicole adds: ‘Keep your curls moisturised by using a spray-in conditioner to keep it hydrated, scrunch (don’t rub!), avoid washing it every day and only brush it in the shower when it’s wet. ‘Ruffle waves are all about the loose and unstructured look, so let your curls roam free to mirror the style’s fluffy texture.’ For those who need a helping hand achieving these soft waves, Nicole has a few suggestions. She says: ‘If you need a little extra help adding volume and curls, try the dressing gown TikTok hack or plait your hair overnight. ‘Alternatively, use a small curling tong from root to tip, and stretch out the ends while it’s still hot. Plus, if your hair is naturally fine or straight, then trying out this style on second or third-day hair is the trick to ensuring your curls hold for longer. ‘For all hair textures, finish by misting hands with a texturising spray and manipulating the texture with your hands for a fluffy finish.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to know if the copper hair trend is for you MORE : ‘Twee’ hair is all over TikTok right – but what is it and how can you achieve it? MORE : The power bob is the haircut trend you need to know