Vince McMahon has revealed he will induct The Undertaker into this year’s WWE Hall of Fame class. The wrestling giant’s chairman will make a rare out of character public appearance as he honours one of the greatest superstars of all time at the ceremony in Dallas, Texas on April 1. Making the announcement on the Pat McAfee Show – during his first live interview in 15 years – Vince admitted his close bond with the Phenom will make his speech difficult. ‘I love the guy,’ he said. ‘He’s an extraordinary human being, as well as one of the all-time greats.’ He explained that talking about the Dead Man’s character ‘won’t bother [him] at all’, but speaking about Mark Calaway himself will be an entirely different beast. The last time Vince inducted someone into the Hall of Fame was longtime friend and on-screen rival ‘Stone Cold’ Steve Austin in 2009. The former world champion will be honoured at the AA Center on April 1 as part of a double header with SmackDown just one night before WrestleMania gets underway at the AT&T Stadium. WWE confirmed that ‘additional 2022 WWE Hall of Fame inductees will be announced in the near future’. Taking to Twitter, Undertaker said: ‘Received an overwhelming response to the news. Thank you to everyone who reached out but for now, I’ll say this… it’s been a wild ride … headed to the #WWEHOF!’ Last year, the ceremony was a very different affair due to the pandemic, with Undertaker’s former tag team partner – and on-screen brother – Kane taking his place in the Hall of Fame. The Bella Twins were also part of a stacked class featuring the likes of the British Bulldog, along with celebrity inductees Ozzy Osbourne and William Shatner. Former world champion Dave Bautista had been scheduled to be inducted, but he decided to postpone his big moment until fans could be part of the experience. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Undertaker interrupts Bad Bunny concert on motorbike in tense WWE-style staredown MORE : WWE terminates Russian broadcasting partnerships and shuts down WWE Network in the country amid Ukraine invasion 