The weekend is finally here, and the stars suggest we’re in for a good one. There’s lots of positive energy in the stars today, which could be the reason you’re in such a sunny mood. Gemini, you’re about to hit a huge milestone – well done! If you’re trying to get ahead, Virgo, you’re perfectly poised to make a great first impression. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, March 5, 2022. Read on for your star sign’s forecast. March 21 to April 20 The Sun’s presence in a spiritual zone can be a call to engage in some reflection, especially if you are looking for creative ideas or solutions. With your thinking calming down, some brilliant ideas could show their faces. Should you go with logic or intuition, when making a key decision, though? Today’s Moon/Mercury angle suggests a combination might work well for you, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 A social event could be all you expected and more, which is why it might be wise to attend. And you may run into someone you haven’t seen in a while, who can have something for you. Plus, as the focus on a high-flying zone is set to increase, it helps to cultivate a flexible approach. You are entering a phase in which you could either embrace change or stick with things as they are. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Get ready to make a big splash Gemini, and to enjoy a moment of pride and glory. Perhaps something you’ve been working on is a success, or you finally get chosen for a role or project you have worked hard for. The mood is light and sunny, and for a while you can bask in the joy of having reached a milestone on your journey to success. All you need to do, is keep going. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Seeking new experiences? A delightful Sun/Jupiter transit may coincide with events that introduce you to new people and places. An encounter or perhaps a trip, could engage your curiosity and you might find out something you’ll want to explore. With a focus on your sector of change getting even stronger, letting go of an old issue can open the door to new adventures. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 If you want a chance to prove yourself, then this maybe it. A sunny blend of energies involving bountiful Jupiter, could coincide with an idea that might increase your fortunes and those of others. You will need to work hard to make it happen. But just realizing the potential of what is possible can be very cheering. And it looks like you could be in demand shortly, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Making a good impression is key to getting ahead, and you’ll certainly hit the right note from today, as a delightful focus can be a call to use charm to help interactions go smoothly. And if you do feel like socializing, so much good could come from it. A positive Sun/Jupiter link may highlight an encounter that is uplifting and even joyful, and that leads to further meetings. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Life is on your side, as today’s uplifting blend of energies could inspire you to take advantage of an opportunity that is too good to miss. An upbeat alignment might coincide with an offer or a brilliant idea, that encourages you to move out of your comfort zone. While this is a temporary aspect, it can plant a seed. If you do something about this right away, it may soon bear fruit. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Something positive can emerge that gives you a much-needed boost. If the past few days have been intense, today’s happenings could be a soothing balm that leaves you happier all round. The Sun’s tie with jovial Jupiter can bring an unexpected gift, see a romance taking a positive forward step or perhaps an outing will be a lot of fun, enabling you to unwind at last, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 As the Sun aligns with Jupiter, your personal planet, you may feel a burst of energy and happiness without knowing why. Family news might contribute to this, or you could decide to use your positive outlook to kickstart a home business, get moving on any DIY tasks, or perhaps to enjoy a pampering session. Use this chance to relax Archer, as soon you can be very busy. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Something might occur that brightens your outlook, and enables you to feel a lot easier about life. After an intense time, an uplifting blend of energies could find you inspired by ideas or someone you meet. Perhaps you get talking, and exciting options emerge from the conversation. You may be ready to explore an idea that feels novel, interesting, creative and very doable, Capricorn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You could soon have more on your plate, due to a heightened sense of ambition, Aquarius. This is why it’s good to take advantage of a sizzling aspect to do something enjoyable and relaxing. Investing in some leisure time or a hobby that recharges you, is well worth doing. From tomorrow, you’ll be eager to get a move on and the pace will heat up, so today just take it easy. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 With the Sun and Jupiter merging in your sign, this looks to be a day when you feel lighter and brighter than you have over the past week. Perhaps something has shifted, or an issue or problem has been worked out and the sense of relief is positively overwhelming. You may be ready to do something nice by way of a celebration, whether it’s an impromptu trip or coffee with friends. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness