A new mum was branded ‘lazy and fat’ for using a parent and child space in an Asda carpark. Paige Murray, 25, was shocked to find a vile note stuck to her windscreen on Wednesday. She’d nipped into Asda with her three-month-old son Daniel, her mother-in-law and her sister-in-law. The family strapped Daniel into a harness before heading out for some shopping. But when Paige returned to her car, an angry note had appeared on her windscreen. It said she was ‘a lazy fat b*****d’ for parking in the space and that ‘no children’ were in her black BMW. Paige, from Basildon in Essex, is sharing the letter in a bid to shame the writer into acting differently in the future. She said: ‘I hope whoever wrote this note is ashamed of themselves. ‘It’s a cheap, low blow to call someone fat. ‘It cast a dampener on the day because I was irritated. I’m quite thick-skinned and mama bear did come out, I felt like they should have said it to my face. ‘It was very upsetting to the point where I was really angry and I was nearly crying because I was so frustrated. ‘Perhaps someone saw me get out of the car and because he was strapped to me in a harness they hadn’t spotted him. ‘Had it been someone who wasn’t having a good day or perhaps someone that suffered from post-natal depression – maybe that would ruin their day.’ The  25-year-old and her family had gone to Nando’s for lunch after shopping at Asda, and at this stage realised Daniel would need a bottle. Leaving the baby with his grandma and aunt, Paige nipped back to the car and spotted the note wedged under the windscreen wiper. Paige said: ‘At first I thought someone had hit the car and left a note so immediately thought the worst. ‘When I got closer I read it. I remember thinking “oh there definitely was a child in this car because I birthed him”. ‘I don’t have a baby-on-board sign up in the car but there’s a sun visor and the car seat was in there so you can physically see that it’s occupied by a child. ‘At first I was really embarrassed. ‘I was like “oh no should I have parked here?” and then when I thought about it I was like “no I have a right, I’m a parent and I have a child so I can use a parent and child spot”. Paige said the nasty note was scrawled in blue biro on the back of a generic NHS letter – leaving no clue as to the identity of the writer. She added: ‘I think it was a lapse of judgement clearly but at the end of the day I hope that whoever it was sees this and thinks in future.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.