Melissa Faulkner is on a mission to transform her Wakefield home into a colourful paradise. The former nurse-turned-content creator is sharing her progress over on her Instagram page, as she documents her journey. Melissa describes her style as ‘colourful, eclectic, pop and maximalist’ and says she loves mixing different colours, patterns and textures to give a room more depth. Her unique style can be seen in her recent home office transformation, which went from muted grey and green colours to a vibrant-yet-warm yellow shade – with a jazzy feature wall and a neon slogan light. But this was more than just a makeover, as the 25-year-old plans to use the home office to accommodate her vision for the rest of her house. As a result, she’s created a dedicated workspace area for brainstorming interior ideas, as well as clever storage solutions for her DIY materials – including a wall rack for hanging her vinyl. The content creator explains that she saved £200 by making this feature piece herself using materials from B&Q – rather than buying one already made. In total, Megan spent around £850 on her office makeover. She told Officeology : ‘It was done to suit my budget at the time, but it definitely wasn’t the cheapest way I could have made over the room.’ The 25-year-old stresses that some pieces, like the neon sign, were actually gifted to her – and she adds that she could have saved more money by buying things like the storage lockers second-hand. Ultimately, Megan’s end goal was to go for something bright – as she found the previous dull and dark room miserable to work in. This is something she thinks is important for others considering a home office makeover. She says: ‘Go for something bright as working in a dull-looking space can negatively impact your ability to focus on work.’ Her go-to colours are currently yellows, pinks, lilacs and blues and this can be seen not only in her office but in the rest of her house, too – and will no doubt be a running theme with future projects. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman transforms ancient caravan into stylish grey space for just £140 MORE : Londoner transforms dull rented flat into pastel paradise with landlord-friendly hacks MORE : Mums transforms her Portsmouth home with fairytale interior inspired by her kids’ dreams