Rihanna is reportedly working with advisers to take her Savage X Fenty lingerie brand public. The fashion star and Diamond hitmaker – who is absolutely slaying her pregnancy style lately – could make the move with an initial offering potentially valuing the company at $3 billion – that’s NINE zeros. As reported by Bloomberg, sources have said the firm is working with banks like Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs to determine its worth and get an idea of the demand. Although a listing could take place as soon as this year, the company is yet to make an official call on when – or even if – it plans to go public. An initial public offering (IPO) sees a company go from private to public ownership with stocks issued to the public, which lets the firm raise funds and grow. Back in January, Savage X Fenty – which launched in 2018 as an online-only brand – raised $125 million in a fundraising round which was led by Neuberger Berman. This reportedly included previous investors including L Catterton, Avenir Growth Capital, Sunley House Capital Management and Jay Z’s Marcy Venture Partners. RiRi herself is reportedly worth $1.7 billion, with around $1.4 billion of that coming Fenty Beauty, of which Forbes reports she owns 50%. She has taken over the cosmetics and fashion world with her own empire, ranging from Fenty Beauty and Fenty Skin to Savage x Fenty and luxury fashion house Fenty. The latter was opened under French conglomerate LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton in 2019, but last month Vuitton announced it had ‘jointly made the decision to put on hold the ready-to-wear activity, based in Europe, pending better conditions’. Back in October, LVMH’s chief financial officer Jean-Jacques Guinony referenced Fenty’s early years and described the company as ‘a work in progress’. As reported by The New York Times, he told reporters: ‘On Fenty fashion, we are obviously still in a launching phase and we have to figure out exactly what is the right offer. It’s not something that is easy. ‘We were starting entirely from scratch. Obviously, we have the great help from Rihanna on this, but I would say it’s still a work in progress when it comes to really defining what the offer will be.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives for Rihanna and Savage x Fenty for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katherine Ryan continues to be an icon as she models bum-baring Savage X Fenty items with Bobby Kootstra MORE : Rihanna absolutely killing the maternity wear game as she bares growing bump in bubblegum blue cut-out catsuit 