Mason Mount admits he is struggling to focus on his performances after Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich was hit by potentially devastating sanctions and says the situation has ‘not been easy’ for the players at Stamford Bridge. Abramovich was one of several Russian oligarchs to be sanctioned by the UK government as part of its response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The move is intended to stop Abramovich – who is said to be close to Russian President Vladimir Putin, though he has denied this – from making money from the club. On one of the most dramatic days in the club’s 117-year history, Mount scored and made an assist as Chelsea beat Norwich City 3-1 at Carrow Road. Speaking about the situation at Chelsea following the well-deserved win, Blues academy graduate Mount said: ‘It’s not been easy, of course. ‘We see what’s happening behind the scenes and everything that’s going on, it can be hard to focus. ‘But I think we’ve been brilliant, especially today. With everything that’s happening off the pitch, for us to stay focused and stay on the ball to win this game, I thought we were brilliant. ‘We just need to focus on what we can do on the pitch, that’s our only goal.’ The England international added to BBC Sport: ‘You can’t really avoid it as there’s a lot going on. We have to focus on what we do on the pitch. ‘We had a game today and that was the only thing we could focus on. We did that today so now it’s about Sunday. You try not to look too much into it.’ Chelsea fans chanted Abramovich’s name during the victory at bottom club Norwich as Thomas Tuchel’s side strengthened their grip on third place in the Premier League. Tuchel admitted the club now face an uncertain future but vowed to continue as manager and said Chelsea would keep competing on the pitch.  ‘I’m not sure I am concerned, but I am aware of it,’ said Tuchel. ‘It changes almost every day. ‘I am still happy to be here and still happy to be manager of a strong team. I know there is a lot of noise around. ‘As long as we have enough shirts and a bus to drive to the games, we’ll be there and will compete hard. We take it day by day. I didn’t see that coming yesterday and I don’t know what is coming tomorrow. ‘Of course the subject is there, the talks are going on, so there is a certain distraction. The level of impact it has – the news of today is big – in time we don’t know how big. ‘We cannot influence it.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 