The European Union says it won’t rely on Russia for gas this winter – but the bloc can’t yet rule out daily payments to Moscow resuming if alternative sources aren’t identified. Brussels has confirmed it has bought up enough energy reserves to make it through the rest of winter – another fortnight – without relying on Russian gas. But with more than two thirds of annual gas imports coming from Russia, the race is on to get the continent ready for next winter. Several members of the bloc are heavily dependant on gas piped in from Russia, with only a handful of members able to keep the lights and heating on without buying in more than 60% of their energy. Western governments want to turn off the tap to undermine Vladimir Putin’s economy and improve energy security after the invasion of Ukraine. European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen said on Wednesday a liquified natural gas (LNG) spending spree means the continent has enough in the store to make it through to spring. LNG is has which has been super-cooled until it reaches a liquid form, meaning it can be shipped further around the world, rather than through networks of pipes in its original state. The US is a major product of LNG, as are Australia and Qatar, all of whom could be turned to to help Europe wean itself of its Russian gas habit before renewable energy sources are a viable alternative. With the end of winter two weeks away, demand for gas used to heat homes and businesses will drop dramatically, giving governments several months of valuable time to plan for the next cold season. Ms Von der Leyen also told Germany’s ARD television that sanctions against Russia over its invasion of Ukraine were designed to cause maximum impact on Moscow, while causing the least damage possible to Western economies. Germany has already signalled its intention to use LNG to plug the gap left following the cancellation of the Nordstream 2 pipeline. The controversial infrastructure project would have mainlined Russian gas directly to the heart of Europe, extending the continent’s reliance for decades. MORE : Chernobyl ’48 hours away from radiation leak’ after Russia cuts power Ukraine’s government has long criticised Germany for signing up to an energy project that byspasses and cuts out Kyiv, while the US and UK have also been highly critical. Germany is building two new LNG terminals at ‘Tesla speed’ and hope to have them up and running within two years. The UK is less reliant on Russian energy but is also looking at ways to diversify sources in light of increased volatility, including looking again at fracking. Asked about reports whether the government could turn to shale gas extraction, the prime minster’s spokesperson told reporters: ‘The moratorium on fracking remains in place but it’s important that we look at all options given the ongoing situation in Ukraine and the effect that that’s having on oil and gas prices.’ Environmental campaigners have warned that reconsidering the moratorium in place in England for over two years after fracking triggered earthquakes would be a waste of time with ‘no impact on our energy bills’. The manifesto the Conservatives were elected on in 2019 said that they ‘will not support fracking unless the science shows categorically it can be done safely’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.