Staff at a nuclear power plant have set up blockades in a bid to stop Russia from attacking it. They fear that destruction of the installation in Enerhodar – not far from Crimea and Europe’s largest power plant – could trigger a disaster on the scale of Chernobyl. Lorries have been parked across roads accessing the plant and huge piles of tyres topped with Ukrainian flags have been erected. Invading forces are close to the area. It situated around 140 miles from the city of Kherson, which the Russian ministry of defence claimed to have captured today. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The city’s mayor Dmitri Orlov said: ‘This is how Energodar – its civilians – women and men, defend their city. Will continue to defend it. ‘Now, more than ever, we need to mobilize our forces, to be together, so that the enemy does not enter the city, which is the largest nuclear power plant in Europe! Let’s be ready, friends!’ He earlier said Russian forces are ‘approaching’ and called on residents to head to the checkpoint at the entrance to the city. A Ukrainian spokesperson said: ‘Putin’s actions could lead to another nuclear disaster, affecting the entire world. ‘The city of Enerhodar, housing the largest nuclear power plant in Europe, is preparing for a battle with the invaders ‘If shells hit near the nuclear power plant, they will damage transformers, turbines, and other equipment that ensures the plant’s safety. ‘To prevent this from happening, the entrance to Energodar is guarded by the brave station workers and military.’ The small city crew up around the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Station, which was built by the Soviet government during the 1980s. There were reports earlier in the conflict that it had already been captured but they were dispelled by the mayor. Mr Orlov said a group of soldiers who attempted to gain access were turned away yesterday but warned a ‘large number of enemy weapons are located near the city’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.