Jacob Rees-Mogg has attempted to bush off the row over lockdown parties in Downing Street as trivial ‘fluff’. The Brexit Minister has faced backlash for his comments, made at the Conservative Spring Conference in Blackpool yesterday. Boris Johnson faced calls to quit earlier in the year over ‘partygate’ and the events that allegedly breached covid regulations. But Mr Rees-Mogg says the current crisis in Ukraine means that the Downing Street scandal had taken a back seat. He said: ‘It is a reminder that the world is serious, that there are serious things to be discussed and serious decisions for politicians to take. ‘Whether this is about re-opening and having new licences for oil wells in the North Sea, or whether it is about getting away from the ‘wokery’ that has beset huge sections of society, nobody now cares whether using the word ‘grip’ is going to offend people. ‘All that nonsense is shown for the trivial nature of it…. I’d say the same of ‘partygate’, all of that is shown up for the disproportionate fluff of politics that it was rather than something of fundamental seriousness about the safety of the world and the established global order.’ Labour MP Chris Bryant tweeted that Mr Rees-Mogg’s comments were an excuse for ‘bad behaviour’. He said: ‘Partygate isn’t fluff. It’s about one rule for you, one rule for the rest of us. It’s about the character of the Conservative party and it’s about standards and decency in public life. ‘Those at the top will be held to account. You just excuse bad behaviour.’ Officers investigating the parties were given more than 300 photos and 500 pieces of paper. The Met also issued questionnaires to Tory politicians, such as the Prime Minister, and to Downing Street staff. Yesterday, Conservative Party chairman Oliver Dowden appeared to disagree with Mr Rees-Mogg’s comments. He stated the alleged breaches in Downing Street still need to be ‘taken seriously’. Mr Dowden said: ‘I’ve always felt it is incumbent on politicians who set the rules to abide by the rules. ‘Therefore I think any allegations that politicians have not done so should be taken seriously.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.