Below Deck star Tom Pearson has clarified that he definitely wasn’t sick all over Captain Glenn Shephard on his first night on board, just in case there were any rumours flying around. The deckhand tried to get the party started with a bang at the beginning of Below Deck Sailing Yacht season three with his co-stars – including returning faces Gary King, Daisy Kelliher and Colin MacRae. Unfortunately, this didn’t quite go to plan as the 24-year-old ended up getting wildly drunk and needing to go to bed early… However, that wasn’t the end of his night as he was sick in the cabin he shared with the unimpressed captain – and was asked to sleep in the crew mess. In the morning, the reality star was left red faced as he battled through the awkwardness with his new castmates, as well as a raging hangover. Recalling the wildly relatable scenes in a chat with Metro.co.uk, Tom wanted to set the record straight on whether he puked on his sleeping boss. When asked about the sick situation, he quickly insisted that this couldn’t be further from the truth, telling us: ‘No! Everyone made out like I was sick on him. ‘I had to ask [him], “I wasn’t sick on you was I?” He was like, “No, no, just in the bathroom”. It was a mess. But no, I definitely 150% did not throw up on Captain Glenn. ‘Please get the message out to Andy [Cohen, reunion host]. Because that’s what everyone’s thinking.’ Consider that message received. Tom also recalled his ‘embarrassment’ at waking up the next morning, before the memories of the night before came flooding back. ‘Obviously now I can look back and laugh, but I can take you back to the time and I can put myself in my head then,’ he continued. ‘When I get drunk, I don’t remember anything. It’s so bad. I just blackout and it’s not every now and again, it’s all the time. ‘I woke up and I just remember being like, “Why am I in the crew mess?”. No idea what happened. I just remember all the lights coming on, and then obviously the camera spun around and looked at me. Instantly I knew, going back into my cabin… I was just so embarrassed.’ Tom added: ‘You know that you’ve just come onto a national television programme, you’re trying to make a good impression for these people. I know Glenn from watching him on the telly and he is my roommate. ‘Everything that you think you’re going to come on and do – and then to mess it up like that. It’s just so me. ‘Now, it makes sense but at the time, [I was] totally embarrassed.’ Below Deck Sailing Yacht is available to stream on hayu now, with new episodes dropping on Tuesdays. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC World News ‘taken off air’ in Russia amid invasion of Ukraine MORE : Love Island’s Jess Shears pregnant with second child with husband Dom Lever: ‘Our family is growing’ 