Will Smith ‘wasn’t formally asked to leave’ the Oscars after slapping Chris Rock, it has been claimed. The King Richard actor left the audience – and viewers watching from home – utterly shell-shocked when he stormed on stage to confront the comedian, after he made a joke about Jada Pinkett Smith’s hair. There has been intense scrutiny over the decision to let the 53-year-old remain at the Dolby Theatre for the rest of the ceremony on Sunday, and collect his best actor Oscar shortly after. Organizers condemned his actions in a statement on Wednesday, stating that he was ‘asked to leave’ the ceremony but ‘refused’. ‘Things unfolded in a way we could not have anticipated,’ it read. ‘While we would like to clarify that Mr Smith was asked to leave the ceremony and refused, we also recognize we could have handled the situation differently.’ However, there has now been further confusion over this, with insiders claiming that was not the case. Sources told Variety that some Academy members wanted Will removed but said that there was no formal or explicit ask for him to leave the ceremony – something that the official statement from organizers refutes. They also revealed that show producer Will Packer was ‘key’ to him staying in the audience, and approached him soon after the slap to explain that those in the production ‘officially’ wanted him to stay, something other sources have denied. Following the bash, the Academy launched an investigation into what happened, and announced that they have ‘initiated disciplinary proceedings against Mr Smith for violations of the Academy’s Standards of Conduct’. Will is able to defend himself in written form before the board meets on April 18, with possible actions against him including suspension or expulsion. ‘Mr Smith’s actions at the 94th Oscars were a deeply shocking, traumatic event to witness in-person and on television,’ bosses said in a statement. ‘Mr Rock, we apologize to you for what you experienced on our stage and thank you for your resilience in that moment. ‘We also apologize to our nominees, guests and viewers for what transpired during what should have been a celebratory event.’ Wanda Sykes, who hosted the ceremony with Amy Schumer and Regina Hall, revealed she is still ‘traumatized’ over the Men In Black star’s actions. Discussing the incident during an appearance on the Ellen Show, she also slammed bosses for allowing Will to later return to the stage to collect his best actor award. ‘I just felt so awful for my friend Chris. It was sickening. I physically felt ill and I’m still a little traumatized by it,’ the 58-year-old said. ‘And for them to let him [Will] stay in that room and enjoy the rest of the show and accept his award, I was like, “How gross is this? This is just the wrong message”. ‘If you assault somebody, you get escorted out the building and that’s it. But for them to let him continue, I thought it was gross.’ ‘I know he apologized to Chris but we were the hosts, right?,’ she added of Will’s Instagram apology. ‘This is our house, we’re inviting you in, we’re hosts, we’re gonna take care of y’all tonight and make sure you have a good time. ‘And no one has apologized to us. We worked really hard to put that show together. Like the industry itself, I’m like, “What the hell is this?”‘ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for the Academy and Will Smith for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Wanted’s Nathan Sykes shares heartbreaking tour video after Tom Parker’s death: ‘Our lives will never be the same’ MORE : Nicolas Cage rocks jazzy leopard print trousers on set of Dracula movie Renfield with co-star Nicholas Hoult 