The BBC has requested for Russian broadcasters to scrap popular programmes like Doctor Who and the spin-off series of Strictly Come Dancing following President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. Bosses announced on Tuesday that it was halting all content licensing from its Russian viewers after Mr Putin ordered an onslaught of deadly military attacks across Kyiv. The public broadcaster has also demanded shows such as Dancing With The Stars and David Attenborough’s The Green Planet (known as Tantsy So Zvyozdami) to be removed from scheduled programming. A statement said: ‘In common with other media organisations, we have been monitoring events closely. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘The BBC’s executive team were meeting today and they have decided to stop all content licensing to Russian customers.’ ITV also showed support for Ukraine as they have stopped working with Russia following the ongoing tragedy. ‘We have made the decision to stop new sales to Russian clients as we do not believe it appropriate to be doing business with them at this time,’ an official statement said. It comes as several major Hollywood entertainment companies, including Warner Bros, Sony Pictures, and The Walt Disney Company, have paused the release of films in Russia in response to the Ukraine crisis. The film production corporation said it was pausing the release of its highly anticipated superhero blockbuster The Batman, starring Robert Pattinson and Zoe Kravitz, which receives a worldwide release on Friday, March 4. Confirming the move, a spokesperson from the studio said: ‘In light of the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine, WarnerMedia is pausing the release of its feature film The Batman in Russia. ‘We will continue to monitor the situation as it evolves. We hope for a swift and peaceful resolution to this tragedy.’ Over in the music industry, a growing number of artists have cancelled their upcoming concerts in Russia, with Louis Tomlinson, Green Day, and The Killers standing with Ukraine. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dominic Raab and GMB’s Adil Ray clash over bringing Ukrainian refugees to the UK: ‘Would you not want your mother home?’ MORE : Phillip Schofield blasts Priti Patel over Ukrainian refugee policy and insists UK should be ‘flinging our doors open’ 