Gary Neville has suggested an alternative candidate as the next possible manager of Manchester United but believes whoever takes over from Ralf Rangnick must be capable of getting ‘tough’ with the current squad. Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag remain the frontrunners to take over in the summer, and efforts to secure Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s long-term replacement will intensify in the coming weeks. United are also said to be monitoring Thomas Tuchel’s situation amid the uncertainty at Chelsea, but the German appears to be settled in west London and would be difficult to prise from Stamford Bridge. Diego Simeone would be equally hard to lure from Atletico Madrid, but Neville believes the combustible Argentine would be an ideal replacement for Rangnick. The 51-year-old has turned Atletico into one of the most obdurate sides in Europe and masterminded United’s downfall in the Champions League in midweek and Neville would love to see him in the Premier League. He told Sky Sports: ‘Diego Simeone should be a candidate, but it’s never been achievable to get him out of Atletico Madrid. ‘He is wedded in there, he is tied. But it would be brilliant to see him in the Premier League, you saw on Tuesday night, I’ve seen it many times – I got beaten 2-0 in Valencia by his brilliant Atletico Madrid team that Griezmann was in before he went to Barcelona. ‘Fantastic coach, brutal in how he approaches the game, I think in every single way. He’s tough, and Manchester United need a tough manager. ‘Manchester United need a manager who can compete with Jurgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola – they’re the best, so they need someone who can stand on that touchline and feel equal to them and I think Simeone could. ‘I wouldn’t rule Simeone out at all, but I think Ten Hag and Pochettino would be the way forward because they’ll want a progressive coach that plays a certain way, that probably is a little bit cheaper and available. ‘I don’t know how much it would cost to get Simeone out of Atletico Madrid, but Manchester United would have to pay big money.’ MORE : Gary Neville explains the one ‘problem’ Fred has at Manchester United MORE : Gary Neville expects Thomas Tuchel to stay at Chelsea following takeover despite Manchester United links For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 