Jordan Henderson has hit out at the FA’s refusal to move Liverpool’s FA Cup semi-final clash against Manchester City away from Wembley. The Premier League’s top two are set to battle it out at Wembley on April 16 but supporters have voiced their concerns that there are no direct trains to the north-west due to engineering works. Henderson has echoed those frustrations of supporters and feels a neutral ground in the north-west would have been the best option. ‘Something that we’ve learned over the past couple of years is how important the fans are to football,’ the Reds captain said. ‘It is really disappointing to see that it’s a struggle. It’s got to be expensive for them to get there. I’ve been thinking a bit more about the fans. ‘I think in many ways it’s their day and not being able to get down to London for different reasons – the cost of that … ‘So in my head, it would make sense to change it to a neutral (different) venue, especially with it being two teams from the north-west. ‘It’s disappointing for the fans and I know the FA might be changing kick-off time to try and help and also putting coaches on for the fans to get down for both Liverpool and City fans, which hopefully helps. But yes, it’s not ideal for the fans for sure.’ The FA has announced that it will charter 100 free buses from Anfield and the Etihad Stadium to Wembley for travelling supporters but many fans will still struggle to get to the capital. Henderson also suggested he’s not a fan of the semi-finals – Crystal Palace face Chelsea in the other – being played at Wembley as well as the final. ‘I love playing at Wembley. I think it’s a fantastic occasion, a fantastic stadium,’ he added. ‘But I would like to keep Wembley for finals. I think you should play semi-finals at a neutral ground like it used to be. ‘I think that was quite exciting, quite good, and then obviously the final at Wembley to make it extra special.’ MORE : Reds legend John Aldridge calls on Liverpool vs Man City FA Cup semi-final to be played at Old Trafford MORE : John Barnes says next Man Utd manager must copy key Chelsea, Arsenal and Liverpool trait For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 