Jeremy Clarkson doesn’t always travel by fast car or tractor these days, as the Grand Tour presenter proudly took a selfie on the London Underground. The Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? host, who recently flew over the Russian border to film the latest chapter of his Amazon Prime Video series with James May and Richard Hammond, masked up for his journey on the tube. ‘I have been in the tubes,’ he captioned the snap, which was taken from inside the packed jubilee line carriage. The image thoroughly delighted his 4.6million followers, with one joking that the fuel prices ‘must be high if Jezza’s on public transport!’ While Jeremy’s mode of transport certainly sparked interest, fans couldn’t help but notice a chap in the background who looked more than happy to be stood next to the former Top Gear host. The man in question flashed a huge grin at the camera, prompting one user to comment: ‘He made the best out of this moment to take a selfie with Jeremy.’ ‘Dude behind him is having the best day ever,’ observed another. Jeremy’s ride on the underground comes weeks after he shared his solidarity with Ukraine while posting a photo of two cars, one yellow, and one blue. ‘Subtly flying the flag on our latest adventure,’ he captioned the picture. Jeremy recently confirmed the Grand Tour team were back filming as he wrapped up warm between shoots and shared photos with fans. The former Top Gear stars are thought to have shot in Norway for their latest adventure after plans for a Russia special were shelved months ago. Chatting to Metro.co.uk last year, show boss Andy Wilman revealed they had ditched plans to film in the country and set their sights on the Arctic Circle instead. ‘We’ve got an Arctic Circle thing worked out,’ he said. ‘I can’t really say any more than that at the minute because we’re bolting all the bits together. ‘But it would be back to being a proper road trip, but it will be across the Arctic Circle and it will be tough – at least I hope we will be tough because we’ll be going in the depths of winter.’ Discussing the previous plans for a Russian special, Andy said: ‘We’re not going to try that one again. Because for the next foreign special we want to go into the snow. So we want to go up into Scandinavia to do that. ‘There’d be no room for the Russian one as well, because that was all about snow and being in that environment.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 