Rihanna has serving some absolutely killer looks since she exploded onto the scene in 2005, and this hasn’t changed now that she’s pregnant. In February, the We Found Love singer announced she was expecting her first child with boyfriend A$AP Rocky in the most Rihanna way ever. The star revealed the news with an absolutely iconic photoshoot of her and her rapper boyfriend in New York City, dressed in a pink coat and denim jeans, her exposed bump adorned in jewelry. Since then Rihanna has been serving look after look in unique maternity outfits, proving beyond doubt that pregnancy doesn’t mean women should cover up their body. Her newest fit is no exception, with the Fenty CEO sending fans into overdrive on Saturday as she posted practically an entire photoshoot in a new look. Taking to Instagram, the 34-year-old posed in a gorgeous bubblegum-blue catsuit, cut away strategically to show off her growing bump. The star paired the suit with matching blue sunglasses and comfortable khaki coat and aquamarine heels – becoming probably the only person in the world who could pull that off. In a series of photos, posed confidently, at times staring into the middle distance with her hands in her pockets in pure Rihanna style. In others, she placed her hands decisively on her bump and looked directly into the camera with all the attitude that helped make her one of the world’s favourite celebrities. She captioned the phenomenal shoot with the simple word: ‘Thicc.’ Because Rihanna is literally The Moment no matter what she does, the post has, unsurprisingly, been liked millions of times – more than 6.5 million to be exact. Rihanna’s newest iconic outfit comes after the star was seen in a range of legendary fits to complement her bump, either going about her business in New York in a lacy black top or attending the Super Bowl in a stunning sheer blouse. The mum-to-be often shows off her bump in partially-unzipped coats, last month wearing a savage leopard print jacket against the cold in New York as she hit the Louis Vuitton store in the Big Apple. But while she makes it look as easy as breathing, the singer and businesswoman admitted in a recent interview that dressing while pregnant can be ‘challenging’. ‘I’m enjoying not having to worry about covering up my tummy,’ she told People magazine in February. ‘If I feel a little chubby, it’s like, whatever! It’s a baby!’ She noted that while playing with clothes as a pregnant gal is tricky, it’s also ‘fun.’ ‘Right now, being pregnant, some days you just feel like, “Ugh, I just want to lay here on this couch all day,”‘ she admitted. ‘But when you put on a little face and a little lipstick, you transform,.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna delivers blistering clap back at woman who complained she was late to Dior’s Paris Fashion Week show MORE : Rihanna pregnant and pretty in pink at Paris Fashion Week show with boyfriend A$AP Rocky 