Roman Abramovich ate chocolates and drank water before he was hit with symptoms consistent with ‘poisoning’, reports say. The sanctioned Chelsea boss developed peeling skin on his hands and face, as well as ‘piercing pain’ and red eyes, after landing in Kyiv for peace talks on March 3. Abramovich’s representatives have confirmed the 55-year-old fell ill after consuming chocolate and drinking water. They refused to give any further details, the Daily Mail reports. Ukraine’s foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba advised anyone taking part in future negotiations not to eat or drink anything during the process. He added: ‘I advise anyone going for negotiations with Russia not to eat or drink anything, preferably avoid touching surfaces’. Abramovich has recovered from the alleged poisoning and MP Rustem Umerov, who was also in attendance, posted ‘I am fine’ on his Facebook page. The story was first reported by the Wall Street Journal before investigative journalism group Bellingcat released further details. The news outlet wrote: ‘The three men experiencing the symptoms consumed only chocolate and water in the hours before the symptoms appeared. ‘A fourth member of the team who also consumed these did not experience symptoms.’ Experts believe the suspected attack was intended to scare its victims, rather than cause death. Bellingcat  journalist Christo Grozev told Times Radio: ‘The dosage was not high enough to kill any of the three, the most likely target would have been Abramovich. ‘And it kind of makes sense. I mean, he volunteered to play… this role of (an) honest broker, but other oligarchs had… declared certain independence from the Kremlin position and criticise(d) the war. ‘So it could well be seen as a warning sign to them to not join the ranks of those who dissent, and to not be too much of an honest broker.’ The Foreign Office called the poisoning claims ‘very concerning’. It said the UK will continue its tough sanctions on Putin’s regime and provide defensive and humanitarian support for Ukraine. Abramovich had been invited by Ukraine to help mediate peace talks due to his background in Russia and relationship with Putin. The Chelsea owner previously served as the governor of a Russian region for eight years. The oligarch reportedly passed a handwritten note from Zelensky to Putin and was widely believed to be acting as a go-between for the two leaders. News of the poisoning has overshadowed peace talks between Ukraine and Russia today in Turkey. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.