There’s no doubt that all eyes were on Halsey at the iHeartRadio Awards. The musician, 27, turned heads in a daring ensemble that left fans speechless as they posed up a storm on the red carpet. Halsey – real name Ashley Nicolette Frangipane – donned a bold Andres Sarda look, which showed off their toned physique. The You Should Be Sad hitmaker looked stunning in a unique bejewelled garment that just about covered their modesty. Their barely-there bodice clung to their frame and showcased their collection of intricate tattoos. Halsey teamed their cut-out top (if that’s what you’d call it) with a pair of black trousers with dramatic flares. For a pop of colour, Halsey wore vibrant blue eyeshadow and a glossy brown lip. They kept their hair swept back in a high ponytail to ensure all the attention was on that outfit. The bash was held at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles and the ceremony was hosted by American rapper and actor LL Cool J. Joining Halsey at the star-studded event was the likes of Willow Smith, who opted for an edgy all-black look with some killer boots, complete with grungy black lipstick. Meanwhile, Heidi Klum was the human embodiment of a disco ball in a silver mini dress covered in various shaped discs. John Legend looked effortlessly suave in a brown trench and white shirt, while his loud graphic trousers did all the talking. Naturally, Eurovision winners Maneskin looked so cool it hurts in four rocky ensembles including a lotta leather and black eyeliner. The foursome no doubt enjoyed celebrating after the show after taking home the trophy for new alternative artist. Continuing the rock chick vibe was Avril Lavigne in a leather dress with checkered train – she even added black stripes to her hair for the occasion. As for winners, it was a big night for teen sensation Olivia Rodrigo, who took home three trophies, including the award for best female artist. Her song Good 4 U won TikTok bop of the year and Camila Cabello bagged a trophy for her cover version. Other winners included Harry Styles for best tour with Love On Tour, Dua Lipa’s Levitating for song of the year, and Taylor Swift for her songwriting in the universally adored 10-minute version of All Too Well. J-Lo was recognised as the icon she is with a special award, while boyfriend Ben Affleck beamed with pride in the audience. After accepting the award, Jennifer performed her song On My Way, which features on the Marry Me soundtrack, and was joined by drag queens modelling some of her most memorable looks from past years, notably including the famous green Versace dress she wore to the Grammys in 2000. Jennifer also treated the audience to a performance of her 2005 single Get Right. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Wanted’s Tom Parker releasing book about heartbreaking cancer battle but insists it’s ‘not about dying’ MORE : Bridgerton star Nicola Coughlan rocks dressing gown chic after missing season 2 premiere over positive Covid test 