Jamie Lee Curtis has expressed how ‘happy’ she feels that Lindsay Lohan is doing well, revealing that she and her Freaky Friday co-star are ‘in contact’. In November last year, Lindsay, 35, announced that she and financier Bader Shammas were engaged after two years of dating. Sharing the happy news on Instagram, the Mean Girls actress described her partner as ‘My love. My life. My family. My future,’ as she revealed her sparkly rock on her finger. In a new interview, Jamie, 63, who starred with Lindsay in the hit mother-daughter body-swap film Freaky Friday in 2003, gushed over how ‘talented’ her former castmate is. ‘I’m just happy that she’s happy,’ the Halloween star told People. ‘She is a great talent. And she’s had a lot on her plate at a very young age. It seems like she is setting into a really happy domestic life – she’s engaged.’ The Knives Out actress continued, referencing Lindsay’s recent Super Bowl commercial as she said: ‘We’re in contact, and the fact that she can poke fun at herself a little [means] we can all poke fun at ourselves, believe me.’ Emphasising how ‘difficult’ showbusiness can be, Jamie stressed that ‘being in front of the tabloid press is very difficult’. ‘It’s really brutal. So God bless her,’ she added. Lindsay went public with her relationship with Bader in February 2020 when she shared a photo of her posing with her then-boyfriend, her sister Aliana, Bastille drummer Chris ‘Woody’ Wood and rocker Dan Smith. She captioned the image: ‘@aliana lovely night with sister and my boyfriend bader❤️. Such a magical night.’ Last month, Lindsay caused a huge stir on social media when she joined TikTok, making a huge revelation in her first video shared on the platform. In a short clip, the actress introduced herself – and it turns out most of us have been saying her name wrong the whole time. Who knew?! Instead of pronouncing her surname as ‘Low-han’, as many people will have uttered her name for years, she pronounced her name as ‘Lowen’ – leaving us all thunderstruck. ‘Lindsay… lowen?’ and ‘Wait. Lindsay “LOWEN”?!? I’ve been saying it wrong my whole life?!?’ fans commented underneath the video. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : All the celebrity names you’ve been saying wrong all this time: Lindsay Lohan, Taylor Lautner, Ariana Grande and more MORE : Lindsay Lohan makes light of DUI arrests by bejewelling an ankle tag in Super Bowl advert 