On Friday, Pixar’s latest movie Turning Red dropped on Disney Plus, introducing the tale of 13-year-old Mei Lee (Rosalie Chiang), who in moments of high stress has to deal with the inconvenience of turning into a giant and very fluffy red panda. So far, so cute Disney-Pixar fare, right? Well, apparently not, as some viewers are up in arms over the themes the animation dares to tackle by putting a modern-era (well, 2002) teenage girl’s story front and centre: crushes, cringes, being embarrassed by her parents and – yes, I’m going to type it – periods. In fact, the whole panda transformation is an obvious metaphor for menstruation, as Mei is surprised and panicked by what is happening to her body, as well as paranoid over people finding out, and if they do, what they might think. If that doesn’t sum up every person with a uterus’s first period, I don’t know what will. In Turning Red, Mei’s mother (voiced by Grey’s Anatomy star Sandra Oh) initially assumes that is what is happening to her daughter the morning she first wakes up as a red panda, expertly deploying the variety of sanitary products she has stashed – and leading to the first depiction of animated maxi pads in a Disney-owned movie. Add this to the scene where Mei draws out her pent-up feelings through some great fan art of her favourite boy band 4*Town, coupled with breaking free from her overbearing mother, and apparently we’ve tipped way over into ‘inappropriate’ territory. ‘I was shocked for the huge emphasis on periods and sexual obsessiveness with boys (not something this audience is even thinking about right now and doesn’t need to be concerned about)’, read one one-star Rotten Tomato audience review, while another stated ‘Disney should be ashamed’. Another slammed the movie because it did ‘not align with my family’s values’. ‘Almost cancelled Disney Plus over it,’ they seethed. One viewer also didn’t appreciate the ‘pagan rituals, encouraging disobedience to parents, inappropriate themes and language’, adding: ‘While the underlying theme of this movie is somewhat relatable to 11–13-year-old girls, it is not appropriate for general audiences.’ And that perfectly sums up the entire issue – that somehow female puberty, which roughly half the global population will go through at some stage, isn’t ‘universal’. Not only that, it’s also apparently distasteful. It’s wild to think that in 2022, periods and the sexual awakening of young girls (in a very sweet, relatable and unexplicit way) can still have some adults clutching at their pearls. The film is also a welcome breath of fresh air when it comes to diversity and representation, focusing on the Asian Canadian community thanks to its director Domee Shi, who did the same with her glorious and groundbreaking Pixar short Bao in 2018. Fans can still connect with the themes of the movie, such as Mei juggling her close family relationship with the first pangs of teen angst and wanting to break free on her own terms, without needing to share the same heritage as the central characters, so why can’t the same be said for the teen girl experience? Teenagers have long been a huge mine in film, TV and popular culture, right the way from James Dean in 1955’s Rebel Without A Cause to Beatlemania, and Brat Pack films like The Breakfast Club to Heathers, Mean Girls and Love, Simon. Teen girls are often welcome punchline fodder in embarrassing jokes or ‘bitchy’ bullies for the protagonist to defeat in pop culture, but do a Turning Red and delve into their experiences, hormones and lust behind the behaviolur – as girls – and it’s apparently an absolute no-no. It’s important to remember that Mei in Turning Red is 13, and as the age at which girls begin puberty in the UK has steadily moved to almost a year younger since the 1970s, many have already started their periods by then. I was 11, and while I was reasonably well-prepared and sought my relatable teen goals in the likes of Mia Thermopolis in The Princess Diaries, my Disney-loving mind would have been blown by Turning Red. Why on earth can’t girls watch, enjoy and learn from a film that puts them and their experience in the spotlight like never before? As ever with the best of Disney and Pixar, this film can be enjoyed on multiple levels depending on its audience’s maturity anyway (have you seen how cute the panda is?!) but it shouldn’t ‘just’ be for girls – Turning Red is the perfect way to give boys a little taste of the female experience too, when they are often so woefully unaware of it. Also, not to open the whole can of worms on taking life lessons from Disney movies here, but those bristling at Mei’s ‘disobedience’ – have you never seen The Lion King? (Simba goes to the elephant graveyard). Or The Little Mermaid? (Ariel goes to the surface). Mulan? (She joins the army). Tangled? (She leaves her tower). Or is it just that Disney’s message of being true to yourself can only fly if it’s removed from the context of a modern setting, lest it encourage an outbreak of unruliness? The argument that her behaviour is unacceptable is not only massively over the top but also ignores a key issue: Mei clearly loves her parents, that’s the whole point, and although she struggles with the high expectations they have of her, most of her angst and stress (cue the red panda) stems from her worry over hurting them rather than anything else. Turning Red is a real stand-out film for Pixar, and it’s a shame that company decisions meant it didn’t get the cinematic release it was worthy of, but at least that’s possibly one less barrier to a nine or 10-year-old girl (or boy) seeing it. The connection it has offered to fans from different communities that have previously felt underserved is amazing – and the ridiculous backlash shows exactly why it is necessary. Turning Red is available to watch on Disney Plus now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Turning Red bosses specifically wanted to dissect ‘juicy puberty’ from female teen perspective in groundbreaking Pixar film MORE : Star Wars villain Darth Maul ‘cut’ from Obi-Wan Kenobi during rewrite of Disney Plus series 