Ana de Armas’ upcoming Marilyn Monroe film on Netflix has got a rare adults-only rating. The flick, named Blonde, was given an NC-17 rating by the Motion Picture Association for ‘some sexual content.’ NC-17 stands for ‘no children under 17 admitted’ and is the highest age-rating in the US. Director Andrew Dominik clearly previously predicted the high rating, telling Screen Daily earlier this year: ‘It’s a demanding movie. ‘If the audience doesn’t like it, that’s the f**king audience’s problem. It’s not running for public office. ‘It’s an NC-17 movie about Marilyn Monroe, it’s kind of what you want, right? I want to go and see the NC-17 version of the Marilyn Monroe story.’ Plot details about the film have been kept under wraps for now but we do know it’s based on Joyce Carol Oates’ novel Blonde about the life story of the iconic actress and model, who died in 1962. Knives Out star Ana previously opened up about her intense preparation for the role. Speaking to The Sunday Times, Ana admitted it took months to nail the accent as she explained: ‘I tried! It only took me nine months of dialect coaching, and practicing, and some ADR sessions.’ ‘It was a big torture, so exhausting. My brain was fried,’ she added. Naturally, stepping into Marilyn’s shoes has left the Blade Runner 2049 star with a great respect for the late actress. Ana stated: ‘I had a lot of thoughts as a woman in the industry, and even in general, about how things from the 1930s, 1940s, 1950s are so relatable to nowadays… ‘And how if you don’t have a strong base, with your family and so on, it’s really hard to make it through — really hard.’ Blonde will premiere on Netflix later this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : A Take That film is coming with Aisling Bea and Jayde Adams in the all-singing and dancing cast MORE : Boiling Point: Was the Netflix film shot in a real restaurant? 