Robert Milkins has apologised to snooker bosses after a birthday drinking session saw him cause a scene at the Turkish Masters opening ceremony before ending up in hospital. The 46-year-old went too far on the birthday booze on Sunday, and then publicly argued with guests at the fancy bash on the eve of the tournament in Antalya. The Milkman then took a tumble in the toilets, injuring his face and feeling like he broke his ribs, before an exchange with Jason Ferguson, the WPBSA chairman. Milkins ended up in hospital, having his stomach pumped, but was back on his feet on Tuesday to play his last 64 match against Ding Junhui. The contest did nothing to improve his mood, taking a 4-1 lead before losing 5-4 to the Chinese icon. Explaining the incident on Sunday, or at least what he can remember of it, Milkins told The Sun: ‘I drank far too much, and something happened. I genuinely don’t know exactly what and cannot remember details – I was in a state where I didn’t know where I was. ‘It was my birthday and I had been drinking for a long time but that is no excuse and I know that. ‘I don’t remember what happened with the hotel guests or Jason Ferguson – none of it. I can only apologise to any guests I offended that night. I wouldn’t have known who it was. And I have apologised to the organisers and the hotel. It is the first time snooker has come to Turkey and my behaviour was totally out of order. ‘When I got to the toilet I lost my legs and think I hit my chin on the sink or the ground, cutting it open. I was almost knocked out, and I’m pretty sure I have broken ribs. If I had my stomach pumped I don’t remember that either. ‘I can understand why people are embarrassed and concerned and I will have to take whatever punishment I receive. It won’t be happening again.’ Milkins provided some more detail in response to the story on Twitter, saying he had only been drinking for under three hours, but it hit him hard. ‘Weren’t a marathon session pal, only been drinking 2 1/2 hours then all of a sudden was out of it!’ Milkins tweeted. He added: ‘Not as bad as it’s made to sound pal nobody got hurt apart from myself, and obviously upset a few which I deeply regret. I said sorry to all the Turkish people and World Snooker and they’ve all been great with me!’ Milkins may now face punishment for the incident, with it being reported to the WPBSA disciplinary committee. MORE : ‘I hope I make them a little bit happier’ – Iulian Boiko dedicates latest win to Ukrainian people MORE : Turkish Masters 2022: Why Ronnie O’Sullivan, Neil Robertson and Mark Selby are not there For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 