A Ukrainian mum and her two children are spending a fourth night in Calais despite having family in the UK desperate to take them in. Mariia Petriv, 37, and her daughter, 8, and son, 10, were refused entry to Britain on Monday as they fled the Russian invasion of their homeland. Her brother, Dmytro Petriv, and his wife, Olesja, from Cheshire, had driven to France to take their relatives home after they were first picked up by a voluntary group near the Ukrainian border in Hungary. However, officials in Calais told the mum that, as the rules stood at the time, a sister was not counted as immediate family under a scheme allowing Ukrainian refugees to find shelter with relatives in the UK. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The trio had been picked up by the Bristol-based voluntary group, which dropped them off in Lyon where they were met by Dmytro and Olesja. When the group drove on to cross the Channel, Mariia and the kids were denied visas, and all five then spent two nights in a hotel in Calais. The couple had to return to Runcorn yesterday after their relatives were given shelter by a family in Paris but were headed back out to Calais via ferry tonight to do all they can to take their loved ones home. ‘Emotionally, it’s been killing us,’ Olesja said. ‘We had to leave because my husband had already taken a week off work but we’re going back to fight for our sister and we know one day she will be with us so we can look after her and help her move on with her life. ‘We just hope no one feels the same way we do, because these past days have been hell. But we know there are other people who can’t leave Ukraine who are in a much worse position than us. ‘We are doing everything we can through voluntary work to help the other people affected by this crisis and they stay in our thoughts.’ Mariia is due to go to a visa processing centre in Paris tomorrow and undergo biometric checks under the British government’s new humanitarian scheme for people fleeing the conflict. She has fled Ivano-Frankivsk in western Ukraine, where a military airport near her home was hit by a series of missile strikes on the first night of the invasion, during which Russia has used ever more brutal tactics. The children arrived in France with little more than their rucksacks. The family was denied entry the day before Priti Patel announced a new humanitarian corridor for people fleeing Ukraine, which includes immediate and extended family. According to the updated guidance, people of any nationality settled in the UK will be supported to bring relatives, including siblings and grandparents, to the country. Security checks are part of the visa application process, with applicants being told to remain in the country where they submitted the information. Mariia’s family in the UK believes this could have been undertaken when they presented at the port, or through a more streamlined system. ‘I understand why they do not want to allow people into the UK without biometric checks, but when they have immediate family in the UK I feel this should be done on arrival or on the border,’ Olesja said. ‘The electronic system for transferring information could also be improved. ‘Our lives are here, we live here, we pay taxes here, and we’ve never had so much as a parking ticket, no one is going to run away.’ More than one million people have left Ukraine since the unprovoked invasion began eight days ago. The UN has said the exodus could become the biggest refugee crisis anywhere in the world this century. Boris Johnson has said the UK could accept 200,000 or more refugees. A Home Office spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘We have been working at pace to launch the Ukraine Family Scheme and it is already open for immediate family members to apply. ‘The scheme will be open to extended family members from Friday. ‘Call handlers are taking contact details in the interim, and callers will be contacted with further information on applying.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.