WWE superstar Becky Lynch has revealed she was rushed to hospital after suffering a nasty injury less than a month before WrestleMania 38. The Raw Women’s Champion – who is set to defend her title against Bianca Belair at the huge event in Dallas, Texas next month – didn’t appear on Monday night’s red brand show as she was recovering from a fractured voice box. Sharing a picture from her hospital bed in a gown with tubes up her nose, she revealed the injury occurred over the weekend during an untelevised match with Bianca. She wrote on Instagram: ‘Unfortunately I will not be at #WWERaw tonight. Not only did Bianca whip me mercilessly with the illegal weapon that is her hair last week, but last night in the main event of #WWEAllentown she tried to take away my biggest weapon, the spoken word, by fracturing my voice box. ‘She can’t keep me down that easily. I’ll be coming for her next week. You can’t spell Wrestlemania without I!!!!! (sic)’ Lynch later took to social media again to reveal she had made it to Cleveland, Ohio by the end of Raw, and used the real life injury as a way of building the on-screen animosity between herself and the EST of WWE. ‘It didn’t matter that hours ago, Bianca Belair hit me as hard as she could in the throat, fracturing my voice box. Hitting me so hard that I was spitting blood all over the arena in Allentown,’ she said, clearly horse from the injury. ‘No, no, no, I made it here because I wanted to get my hands on Bianca Belair, and when she heard I was coming she ran out of here. I asked around and they said she ran as fast as she possibly could, didn’t even take her bags.’ She referred to last week’s hair braid attack from Bianca which left the champ scarred from welts, and insisted she will be looking for revenge – while doing anything she can to hold onto her championship. She continued: ‘Last week, she beat my beautiful mom bod mercilessly with her braid, scarring me up. This week, she left me lying in a hospital bed. Well, what did you think, Bianca? ‘Did you think I was just gonna sit there? Did you think I was just gonna play Wordle, you thought I was gonna drink some soup, eat some ice cream, and forget about this? Let you have your way, let you run Raw? No, no, no, Bianca – that’s not how this works. ‘Now you have no idea the lengths I’m willing to go to to keep that title on my shoulder. I have kept that title on my shoulder for three years, and nobody has been able to beat me for it. ‘You can ask yourself, if this woman who was spitting blood hours ago is willing to come to Raw to find me, what’s she gonna do to keep the most important thing on her shoulder at WrestleMania?” Bianca has since replied, as she tweeted: ‘Okay, now you REALLY dragging it Becky… Playing the victim role really good. But do what you need to sleep better at night. ‘PLEASE get all 8 hours of sleep & eat ALL the chicken noodle soup you need each day to heal up and prepare for #wrESTleMania.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE star Becky Lynch shows nasty welts from Bianca Belair’s brutal hair whip MORE : AEW’s Bryan Danielson says WWE run with Kane in Team Hell No was ‘the making of Daniel Bryan’ 