Simon Cowell has been spotted out and about wearing all black in London a month after his horror bike crash that left him with a broken arm. Britain’s Got Talent star Simon, 54, was seen with a purple plaster cast on his arm – after originally being given a bright yellow one – after he suffered the crash in early February. The cast was visible under his black puffer jacket, as he strolled along the streets of London this week. At the beginning of February, Simon was rushed to hospital following his second bike crash in 18 months, from which it was reported he was ‘lucky to be alive’. The TV personality was admitted to hospital with a suspected concussion and a broken arm after the crash in West London. A source at the time told Metro.co.uk: ‘Simon broke his arm and is now recovering well.’ Later speaking about the ‘boring’ crash, Simon admitted he was a ‘bit of a nutter’. Speaking to the Mail Online, he said: ‘I’m OK. I’m feeling much better thank you. It happened just round the corner. ‘I’m a bit of a nutter. I’ll definitely wear a helmet next time.’ In 2020, the music mogul was ‘nearly paralysed’ after suffering a fall from his electric bicycle. The Britain’s Got Talent judge was rushed to hospital after falling off the bike at his home in Malibu, leaving him needing surgery for injuries to his back. According to the MailOnline, he had a six-and-a-half-hour surgery to fuse the breaks in his spine and was millimetres away from being paralysed. Speaking to ex Terri Seymour on ExtraTV, Simon shared of love of cycling, saying: ‘My most creative time is now when I cycle, because I cycle even though it’s an e-bike. I still got to pedal and I do about ten miles a day, even though I had an accident on one. ‘That was more an electric motorbike, these are called pedal-assist bikes and they’re brilliant.’ ‘That expression “get back on your bike,” with me, it was literal. I feel better than I did because I exercise so much more. ‘Honestly, if I could rewind, I would have gone through the whole thing again. Just because I feel better now. Yeah, even though it hurt like hell at the time.’ It comes as Simon plans a  huge wedding to his fiance Lauren Silverman in Malibu, after The X Factor star proposed to his long-term partner in Barbados earlier this year. MORE : Simon Cowell shares warm tribute to Jamal Edwards as SBTV founder dies aged 31: ‘Extraordinarily talented’ MORE : Who could play Tinder Swindler Simon Leviev in movie adaptation of Netflix documentary? Potential contenders from Rami Malek to Zac Efron 