Jamie Carragher has apologised for claiming Chelsea had used underhand tactics to strengthen their academy and insists the west London club have a fantastic youth set-up. The Liverpool legend has got on the wrong side of Chelsea fans in the past week, first suggesting that Thomas Tuchel should quit the club after Roman Abramovich was sanctioned and join Manchester United instead. He then labelled supporters ‘hypocritical’ for being angry with his comments, claiming Chelsea had taken advantage of other clubs in a similar manner ever since the Russian oligarch bought the club. During his rant on Sky Sports’ Monday Night Football, he also took aim at the manner in which they improved their academy, saying: ‘They win the youth cup every year, or they get in the final. ‘It’s not because they’ve got the best coaches or the best academy, but because they’ve gone and taken the best players from every club within the country and relocated the family and given the dad a scouting job.’ Chelsea fans were unhappy with the remark and fellow pundit Gary Neville pulled him up on it during an Instagram Live following the show. ‘He essentially said in the earlier part of the show that every Chelsea academy youth player’s parents were basically employed by the club as a scout in some sort of corrupt role,’ said Neville during his chat with Carragher as the Liverpool man shouted, ‘Not all of them!’ ‘I expect that there will be a class lawsuit against Jamie Carragher in the morning because it’s a little bit slanderous to be fair, wouldn’t you say?’ Carragher replied: ‘Yeah, never let yourself get emotional, if you get emotional you start ranting don’t you. Yeah [I got carried away], apologies to any parent who’s not a scout.’ He added: ‘Listen it’s a fantastic facility, great coaching set-up. Apologies to Jody Morris!’ Carragher also replied to a Chelsea supporter on Twitter who took umbrage with his remarks about the academy, saying: ‘Apologies, I got a little emotional!’ He had been at Stamford Bridge on Sunday to commentate on Chelsea’s Premier League match against Newcastle and received plenty of stick for his comments about Tuchel. ‘It was quite tasty at Stamford Bridge, they’re very passionate about their club,’ revealed Carragher. ‘They were not too enamoured with myself for mentioning that their manager should look to pastures new. So it was a little bit feisty. I understand, no problem.’ MORE : Jamie Carragher calls Chelsea fans ‘hypocritical’ for being angered at Thomas Tuchel to Manchester United claim MORE : Chelsea’s Champions League game in Lille to be shown on Russian TV thanks to Vladimir Putin’s presidential decree For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 