It is nine years since England drew successive Test matches, and longer still where such a double saw them as the dominant team. A rare enough event, then, for the lack of victory to be seen as a failing and one the bowlers must take responsibility for, the batsman having supplied some hefty scoreboard pressure for once. Joe Root’s conservative declaration in Barbados may have taken valuable time away from England’s winning objective but the Bridgetown pitch, so sleepy for most of the game, was worn enough for their bowlers to pose problems for West Indies’ batsmen, which they did but only sporadically. So while batting until lunch on the final day did make winning more difficult, with just two sessions remaining, it was the lack of threat – specifically from Chris Woakes and Jack Leach, England’s new-ball bowler and spinner respectively – that was so disappointing for many. Woakes (44 Tests) and Leach (21 Tests) are not greenhorns like Matt Fisher and Saqib Mahmood, England’s two debutants in Barbados. But they are products of a county system whereby bowlers, in particular, can become regimented in both thought and action. A pitch that is five days old has vagaries of bounce and pace. For Woakes, that should have meant hammering the ball into the pitch on a good length in a direct line with middle and off stumps, something Mahmood did in a telling spell soon after that brought two quick wickets. Instead, Woakes ran in as if on an Edgbaston green-top looking for swing and nip that just wasn’t there. It was naive, not just from him, but Root and the coaching staff as well given there appeared to be no instructions for him to change tack. Woakes is a hard-working and talented cricketer, but he is not a problem solver with the ball like Stuart Broad, who knows how to work a wicket. Of course in English conditions, where swing and seam movement are prevalent, he doesn’t have to be, and his robotic approach works just fine, which explains why there is such a large disparity between his Test bowling average at home (22.63 runs per wicket) and his average abroad (54.4). Leach is not dissimilar in approach and from this remove he could be an English seamer in a spinner’s body, with steadiness but not guile his middle name. Not that much guile was required on that last day in Barbados, just energy on the ball and presence, both of which were lacking. Leach is a solid bowler, and that is not to be underestimated, but there are times when you need to win a Test match on the fifth day, or at least look like you will, and Barbados was one of those. With no Mark Wood or Ollie Robinson, it fell to Leach to turn it on and be a match-winner and he didn’t. Perhaps the expectation and the time pressure caused him to tighten up but I was struck by how little panic and anxiety he caused among West Indies’ batsmen. It is not as if Brian Lara or Shivnarine Chanderpaul were at the crease. That said, Kraigg Brathwaite did face 673 balls in the match, more than any West Indies batsman in history. I might be wrong, but had India’s Ravi Ashwin or Axar Patel been bowling on that last day, every ball would have posed great jeopardy and batsmen would have needed a great deal of luck to survive. Some will think it an unfair comparison, given Ashwin is one of the great spinners of the era, but even Dan Lawrence, with his loopy off-breaks, looked more dangerous than Leach on that final afternoon. That is because Lawrence got overspin as well as sidespin, causing the seam to grip on the fractured pitch and bounce haphazardly, whereas Leach imparted side-spin only, which saw the ball turn but rarely misbehave. For England’s No.1 spinner to be out-bowled by a part-timer illustrates the decline of spin bowling generally in county cricket, a decline caused in most part by the game’s genuflection to white-ball formats. With red-ball cricket pushed to the margins of the season to allow T20 and The Hundred to occupy prime-time summer, England has almost become a spin-free zone. It has led to a culture where the few spinners that do make it through are neither backed nor rated. In hindsight, Lancashire’s leg-spinner Matthew Parkinson should have played in Barbados alongside Leach and ahead of seamer Fisher, but you can understand why England might have been reluctant, given they obviously did not want Mahmood or Ben Stokes to take the new ball. With his accuracy, slingy pace and occasional reverse-swing, Mahmood looked the part. His two-wicket strike on the final afternoon almost caused panic among the home team and a third scalp might have altered the critical mass of the innings enough for England to gain victory. But it wasn’t to be. There are doubts over Mahmood’s ability to stay the course, given he has only played 26 first-class matches in six years, but if he can show physical robustness while simultaneously raising his usual pace of 85mph by three or four mph (something he will need to do to compensate for his relative lack of height and to make his reverse-swing more effective), a Test future, home and away, beckons. What England need most for tomorrow’s final Test at St George’s in Grenada, is energy from their bowlers, which will be a challenge given the long hours they have spent in the field these past two Tests in such a short space of time. West Indies have only played three Tests at this venue and lost two of them, the last one to England in 2015. In that match Root made an unbeaten 182 and a score like that is well within his capabilities again. More difficult, as it has been all series, is for England to take 20 wickets. They managed it last time but 11 of them fell to Broad and James Anderson, and we all know where they are. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 