A new season means new fashion trends to explore. Always a time of renewed inspiration, spring is when colours come into play and the layers are shed. This season there is a sense of joy in fashion as we finally have opportunities to get dressed up and go out. Colours are bright, shapes are exciting and there is no end to creativity. However, as always with a new period in fashion, we have to be careful with what we choose to buy. Trends are all well and good, but if they don’t work for your wardrobe you are wasting your money and adding to an excess problem in the shopping world. Instead, be mindful about the purchases you make. Ask yourself: will you wear the trend more than 20 times. Will it complement other pieces you own? Do you feel joy when you wear it? To help navigate the tricky sphere of new spring style, we have selected eight key trends to look out over the coming weeks. Each is wearable, fashionable and functional and won’t be left forgotten at the back of your wardrobe. Happy shopping! Get it for £74.95 at Na-kd Ah, the humble blazer. Once delegated to the office, it is now a stalwart in fashion. This season go oversized and choose a bright colour for added effect. Get it for approx £114 at Rouje. Midi and midaxi lengths are not just lovely to look at, they are seriously wearable too. Great for days when the chill is too much for bare legs, they are a versatile item to keep on hand. Wear yours this spring like the outfit above for Parisian vibes, or simply pair with your favourite t-shirt, blazer and trainers for comfort and style all at once. Get them for £75 at & Other Stories. Relaxed silhouettes are big news again this spring/summer, and the perfect way to introduce it into your fashion arsenal is through trousers. This pair of & Other Stories wide-leg pants are effortlessly chic. Get it for £38 at ASOS. It wouldn’t be spring without some colour and print, and while it may be scary, take it one piece at a time. This ASOS dress will look just as good with trainers as it will with heels, and introduces two trends at once. Get them for £35 at ASOS. Go big or go home when it comes to heels this season. Platforms are in and this pair of gold ASOS beauties should be your first port of call. Get it for £59.99 at Mango. Instead of your usual pair of denim jeans, why not change it up with a denim jumpsuit instead? Beautifully flattering and made for any event, it’s a must-have. Get it for £45.99 at Zara. Mini dresses and skirts are everywhere on the online high street right now. People are ready to party and designers have taken note. This stunning Zara piece even comes with some added sparkle – we approve. Get it for £9.99 at H&M. Micro-bags are out and practicality is in. Yes, after years of small bags, the humble tote is making a huge comeback in both size and popularity. This H&M canvas bag will carry everything you need day to day without compromising on style. A trend we can certainly get on board with. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Fashionista collie cross has to wear sunglasses to protect her eyes on walks MORE : The fashion brands to bookmark for your spring/summer clothes shopping MORE : Birkenstocks x Manolo Blahnik is the fashion collaboration we didn’t know we wanted