The clocks go forward tonight, the weather is finally looking up, and it seems spring is finally on its way. Many people like to give their homes a once-over at this time of year, doing a big clean and opening the windows to let in fresh air. If that’s on your schedule, you may also want to try this handy tip being shared around TikTok, allowing you to fragrance your home without chemicals or plastics. Rather than buying air fresheners, creators on the video sharing platform have been making simmer pots filled with sweet-scented fruits, veg, and flowers. The simmer pot trend became popular around Christmas. ‘WitchTok’ initially shared how to make Yule potions, a method the interiors and cleaning side of TikTok quickly picked up. Videos with the simmer pot hashtag have now been viewed over 20 million times, with all sorts of recipes and hacks so you can join in at home. The concept itself is simple; create a mix of fragrant ingredients, then boil them in a pot of water. The steam should waft through your house, imparting the botanical notes of your concoction. Not only will you get the benefit of its scent, you can also use up fruit and veg that’s on the turn. Far better to use those surplus lemons or apples in the crisper for this than let them go to waste. When was the last time you got through a whole pack of supermarket herbs? And what about that three inches of cucumber languishing in the fridge, not enough for a meal but too much to throw away? Make use of these forgotten food items for a waste-free and free of charge simmer pot. If you’re inclined towards the mystical side of life, witches believe the ingredients you choose can also impact your mood and the energy in your space. The ‘tea’ you end up with afterwards can be drank (as long as none of what you use is unsafe for consumption) or repurposed to water your plants, and the fruit and veg popped in the compost bin. Fancy giving it a go? We’ve compiled a list of components to look our for around the house that can all be used in a simmer pot. Never leave one unattended, and keep your pan away from pets and children as you would while cooking. Then, just let your inner apothecary shine through… Loosely chop your ingredients (no need for perfection here) including the skins and stalks, then put into a large pot of water and bring to the boil. You can do this with a lid on to get some healthy steam going. When your pot is at a rolling boil, reduce the heat and remove the lid if using. Leave to gently simmer and diffuse its scent around your home, topping up with water if it starts to evaporate. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the skills your child needs before they start school MORE : What I wish I knew before I started taking Roaccutane for my acne