Middlesbrough chairman Steve Gibson has launched a scathing attack on Chelsea and branded the club ‘pathetic’ after they requested this weekend’s FA Cup quarter-final be played behind closed doors. The west Londoners have been blocked from selling further tickets for Saturday’s match at the Riverside stadium following a government ban after Russian owner Roman Abramovich was sanctioned and had his assets in the UK frozen. Chelsea had only sold around 500 tickets of their 4,500 allocation prior to the ban, and on Tuesday they wrote to the FA requesting that the match be played without any fans from either team in the interests of ‘sporting integrity’. The request has already been condemned by the government – and is set to be rejected by the FA – and now Middlesbrough chairman Gibson has hit out at Chelsea’s conduct and accused their success under Abramovich of being thanks to ‘corrupt money’. ‘I can’t believe it,’ Gibson – who has owned his boyhood club for 30 years – told The Times. ‘Sporting integrity and Chelsea do not belong in the same sentence. For 19 years corrupt money has fuelled Chelsea’s success. ‘If they were to beat us in the FA Cup, with no fans there, what would that do to the integrity of the competition? Are they going to play all their Premier League games behind closed doors too? This is pathetic by Chelsea.’ Turning his attention to Chelsea chairman Bruce Buck, Gibson told The Athletic: ‘Where is the intellect of Bruce Buck, the chairman of Chelsea, who has been an apologist for his owner, where the trophies won over 19 years have come from the corrupt money provided by Abramovich? ‘Where is the intellect of the chairman of Chelsea when it comes to playing his games at home in front of his season ticket holders? Does he want to play all his away games at empty stadiums?’ He added: ‘Abramovich has been kicked out of football and Bruce Buck should be kicked out of football, too.’ Middlesbrough also released a statement which struck much the same tone: ‘We are aware of Chelsea’s request to have Saturday’s Emirates FA Cup sixth round tie played behind closed doors and find their suggestion both bizarre and without any merit whatsoever. ‘All concerned are well aware of the reasons Chelsea have been sanctioned and that this has nothing to do with Middlesbrough Football Club. ‘To suggest as result that Middlesbrough and our fans should be penalised is not only grossly unfair but without any foundation. ‘Given the reasons for these sanctions, for Chelsea to seek to invoke sporting “integrity” as reason for the game being played behind closed doors is ironic in the extreme. ‘We currently await formal notification from the FA of the next steps but rest assured Middlesbrough will resist Chelsea’s actions in the strongest terms.’ MORE : Thomas Tuchel reacts to potential Saudi Arabia bid for Chelsea MORE : UK Government slams Chelsea request to play Middlesbrough game behind closed doors For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 