Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe is enjoying her new found freedom making homemade pizzas with her little girl. The mother-of-one was reunited with her daughter Gabriella and husband Richard on Thursday after six nightmare years in an Iranian jail. Her local MP, Labour’s Tulip Siddiq, has been posting updates on behalf of the family as they settle back into normal life following her dramatic return to Britain. On Friday afternoon she shared a touching photo of Nazanin and Gabriella, 7, baking together. She tweeted: ‘Nazanin told me that this is what she missed most while she was imprisoned – every day moments with her little girl. ‘Today was Gabriella’s choice of making homemade pizzas for lunch.’ Gabriella was not even two when her mother was detained in Tehran, after taking her daughter to Iran’s capital city to visit her parents. The British-Iranian national was jailed in March 2016 on charges of plotting to overthrown the Iranian government – which she has always denied. Many claimed she was being used as a political pawn over a long outstanding £400m debt Britain owed to Iran. Nazanin and fellow dual national Anoosheh Ashoori were released on Wednesday and flown back to the UK after that debt was settled by the UK government. The pair touched down at RAF Brize Norton in Oxfordshire just after 1am on Thursday and walked off the plane together. In a moving video, Nazanin can be heard sobbing as she embraces her daughter, who can be heard joyfully shouting ‘Mummy!’. Gabriella spent that night sleeping between her reunited parents, Siddiq said. Yesterday, the three of them were pictured beaming in their first family selfie in six years. The image was shared by the Hampstead and Kilburn MP, who also revealed that Nazanin has used her first day back in the UK to raise the plight of another British-Iranian national stuck in Iran –   Morad Tahbaz. The government said his release from Iran has been made more complicated due to also holding American citizenship. Nazanin’s husband Richard campaigned tirelessly for his partner’s freedom over the years – including staging a hunger strike outside the Foreign Office that lasted 21 days. Speaking before his wife arrived in Britain, he said the first thing on their agenda would be some ‘peace and quiet’ and a cup of tea. But he said eventually questions would have to be asked about why it took so long to secure Nazanin’s release and what lessons could be learned. Nazanin’s time in jail spanned three UK prime ministers and five foreign secretaries. Meanwhile Mr Ashoori, a retired civil engineer, was detained in 2017 on spying charges while in Iran visiting his mother – charges which he always denied. A third British-Iranian national, Morad Tahbaz, was released on furlough and remains in Iran. Their release from jail came after Britain paid £393.8m to settle a debt related to a tank order placed by Iran in the late 1970s. However, the government have insisted it is not linked. MORE : ‘Is that mummy?’: After six lost years, how Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe got her family back MORE : Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe: Timeline from arrest in Iran to release six years later Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.