Downing Street appears to be in disarray over its ‘conversion therapy’ policy after a night of confusion. Earlier on it was revealed the government had quietly shelved a proposal to outlaw harmful practices which target the LGBTQ community. Boris Johnson has previously described the practice as ‘abhorrent’ and said he would adopt Theresa May’s commitment to ban it in law when he became prime minister. But despite it being included in the Queen’s speech last year, it emerged the government planned to axe the move. There was a furious backlash from campaigners, the opposition and some Tory MPs, one of whom called the PM ‘fundamentally wrong’. Now it appears the government has backed down and will go ahead with its pledge to pass new legislation after all – just a few hours after it said it would do the opposite. ITV’s Paul Brand, the journalist who first revealed the law had been dropped, said Number 10 was planning to pass a new law following the backlash. But he revealed the element banning ‘therapies’ targeted at trans people will not make it into law, teeing up a new showdown with campaigners and MPs. ITV said a senior government source had confirmed there would be a U-turn on the U-turn but there has been no official word from Downing Street. The sudden shift caps off an evening of turmoil in Number 10. ITV first revealed the government had secretly axed its promise to ban the ‘treatments’ in law – a commitment first made in 2018 – shortly before 6pm after obtaining a leaked document. A Downing Street spokesperson confirmed the move around an hour later, saying ministers would instead tackle the practice using existing legislation. Just three hours after that, the journalist who reported the initial U-turn said he had been informed the PM had done another 180 degree U-turn and would introduce a bill after all. It comes after Tory MPs publicly slammed the decision, with many more reportedly making their displeasure known behind the scenes. Dehenna Davison, the MP for Bishop Auckland, said earlier: ‘This decision is fundamentally wrong, and needs to be reversed immediately. ‘As well as breaking an explicit promise, this is a matter of basic decency. Being gay is not something that needs curing.’ Caroline Nokes, a former Tory minister, said: ‘If conversion therapy was “abhorrent” to the Government in December why on the eve of April Fool’s Day is it apparently rowing back on a commitment to end it?’ Before the second U-turn was announced, Anneliese Dodds, Labour’s shadow equalities secretary, said: ‘This outrageous decision shows you simply can’t trust a word Boris Johnson says. ‘A government that believes conversion therapy is acceptable in 21st century Britain is no friend of the LGBT+ community.’ It’s the second time in a week the prime minister has drawn the ire of the LGBTQ community. He was roundly criticised for joking about gender identity while addressing Tory MPs just hours before one of his own MPs revealed he is trans. There has been no official confirmation on what form the proposed law will take and whether or not it will protect against trans ‘conversion therapies’ too. Veteran campaigner Peter Tatchell wrote: ‘Any conversion therapy ban that excludes trans people is not a ban on conversion therapy at all. ‘Boris is pandering to transphobes. Totally unacceptable.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.