In news that will be shocking to absolutely zero people who’ve ever lived in London, the state of renting in the UK’s capital city remains depressing. The latest in the long line of bleak rentals is this £360-a-month studio flat in west Kensington. What could you get in a bougie part of London for the bargain price of £90 a week (excluding utilities), you may ask? A whole bunch of delights in a box room, is the answer. The property, which – shockingly enough – remains on Gumtree after nearly two weeks of being listed, offers room for a solo renter to snooze on a raised sleeping area above the kitchenette, along with a charming living space. Now, just to clarify, that ‘kitchenette’ is a hot plate on a chest of drawers, located directly under your bed. Also, a kettle on the floor. And the charming living space is a wooden chair and a one-person table… with a view of a microwave, because who needs a TV when you can watch your ready meal rotate? Alas, there’s no floorplan, so we can’t see the exact size of this luxurious city pad, but what we do know is that there’s a decent amount of storage – just look at those drawers and cupboards next to your fridge. Plus, the space has been used to its full potential, with your single bed up a ladder to ensure some floor room. Bonus: you’ll get to live out all your childhood dreams of getting the top bunk. There is a separate bathroom with a shower and toilet, too. ‘The property is just moments away from a wide range of amenities,’ says the Gumtree listing. ‘This is great value for the area.’ To be fair, the location is indeed very good, sitting on North End Crescent in W14 – just a five-minute walk from West Kensington Tube station. Who needs a sofa when you’re so close to Pizza Pronto, right? Let’s be real, the risk of rolling out of bed and tumbling a long drop to the ground while you’re asleep only adds to the excitement of city living. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Cabin-like Surrey studio flat on sale for £200k has bedroom inside a hole in a wall (with three ‘steps’ to help you get in) MORE : London is getting a new lido very soon MORE : Purley is the south London gem where you should look to buy a house