Pete Davidson has been spotted covered in fake blood as he got back to work on the set of his upcoming movie. The SNL comedian, who is dating Kim Kardashian, is currently filming chilling new flick The Home, in New Jersey. His role of Max appears to be an intense part, as pictures from the set saw him drenched in fake blood and not looking too happy about it. In the pictures, he could be seen donning a long-sleeved white top and cream trousers – both of which were splattered with gruesome red marks. We’ll have to wait a while to understand what led to the scenes, as a release date from The Home has not yet been announced. The film is from the mind of Purge creator James DeMonaco and the synopsis, via Deadline, reads: ‘Max, a troubled man who starts working at a retirement home and realizes its residents and caretakers harbor sinister secrets. ‘As he investigates the building and its forbidden fourth floor, he starts to uncover connections to his own past and upbringing as a foster child.’ Pete recently made headlines over his public battle with Kanye West, following his budding relationship with Kim. The Skims businesswoman – who shares four children with the Gold Digger rapper – was declared legally single at the beginning of the month, bringing their six-year marriage to an official end. Ye has previously lashed out at the SNL favorite on Instagram, referring to him as Skete and branding him a d**khead, while also begging for his wife back. Over the weekend, the dad-of-four revealed that the actor sent him a string of messages, including a photo of the actor allegedly lying bed with the reality star. ‘Kim is literally the best mother I’ve ever met. What she does for those kids is amazing and you are so f***ing lucky that she’s your kids moma [sic],’ he is thought to have said in the texts, which were initially posted on Instagram by comic Dave Sirus. ‘I’ve decided I’m not gonna let you treat us this way anymore and I’m done being quiet. Grow the f**k up. ‘You don’t scare me bro. Your actions are so petty nd embarrassing. It’s so sad to watch you ruin ur legacy on the daily [sic].’ Pete also suggested that the two should meet and discuss matters in private, adding: ‘I’m in LA for the day if you wanna stop being a little internet b***h boy and talk.’ Discussing the messages in a now-deleted video, Kanye told fans: ‘The boyfriend texts me, antagonising me, bragging about being in bed with my wife. ‘I’m like, well, who’s watching my children if he’s texting me, bragging about being in bed with my wife?’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price shows off deep tan after getting huge tattoo on holiday in Thailand: ‘I don’t think I can get any browner’ MORE : Sandra Bullock taking break from acting to focus on raising kids 