Police are attempting to evict squatters who have occupied the central London mansion of a Russian billionaire sanctioned by the UK Government. Banners on the multi-million pound property in Belgrave Square, near Knightsbridge, read: ‘This property has been liberated’, Putin go f*** yourself’ and ‘power breed parasites’. A Ukrainian flag was also flying from oligarch Oleg Deripaska’s house, after the action began early on Monday morning. But in the afternoon, officers from the Metropolitan Police moved in en masse, in an apparent attempt to end the demonstration at the property – which is reportedly worth around £25 million. Speaking to Metro.co.uk from the balcony before riot police and a cherry picker arrived, the activists insisted they would stay until ‘until Putin ends the war’ – with at least 11 police vehicles – some filled with officers – and two police bikes, parked below. ‘The only thing standing between refugees being housed here now is the police’, one of four or five activists who has been on the balcony added. ‘We are trying for more action, we will do more, we will go further and we we will do bigger’, another said, raising a fist to show their opposition to the war. Police later deployed a JCB crane to access the balcony of the London mansion. A supporter could be heard shouting from the street: ‘F*** the police, f*** JCB, f*** craning companies.’ Two of the protesters tried to made a barricade from potted bushes to block two officers who had reached the balcony of a neighbouring building by crane. They then shared a drink from a single glass while one man sang: ‘I’ve had the time of my life’, from the Dirty Dancing soundtrack. In a tweet, the Met said: ‘Specialist officers are at the scene and are considering the appropriate next steps. These will be within legislation, taking into account the safety of officers and those inside and considering the large and complex nature of this property.’ Mr Deripaska has stakes in energy and metals company En+ Group and has called for peace in Ukraine. He is one of the seven Russian oligarchs with business empires, wealth and connections that are closely associated with the Kremlin who have been sanctioned by the UK Government, including Roman Ambramovich. Mr Deripaska, thought to be one of Russia’s richest businessmen, tweeted this weekend: ‘I remain committed to my belief that an immediate ceasefire and peace agreement as soon as humanly possible is the best and only solution to stop this madness in Ukraine.’ One Belgrave Square neighbour with a Russian accent declined to comment when asked about the action by Metro.co.uk. Another, who works at number 7, near to Mr Deripaska at number 5, said he supported the demonstration. Rudolph Borges, a Londoner originally from India, explained: ‘I agree with the protesters, we have to show solidarity with all the humans. ‘I am a peace person so I agree.’ He added that there are Qataris, Indians, English and Russians living on this street and that Sanjeev Gupta, a steel merchant and one of the UK’s richest men, also lives on the road, which is stacked with multi-million pound properties. In a statement posted by the Resist London group, the apparent occupiers said: ‘By occupying the mansion, we want to show solidarity with the people of Ukraine, but also the people of Russia who never agreed to this madness.’ They also paid tribute to protesters standing up to Putin in Russia and accused UK elites of being ‘Putin’s minions’. The Metropolitan Police said in a statement earlier: ‘Police were called shortly after 1am on Monday, 14 March to a residential property in Belgrave Square, SW1. ‘Officers attended and found that a number of people had gained entry and hung banners from upstairs windows. ‘Officers remain at the location.’ But some social media users questioned whether the police response was a good use of resources, and noted the symbolism of pouring officers in to protect a billionaire’s property when poorer Londoners complain about being unable to get a police response to crimes in their area. It comes after cabinet minister Michael Gove said he wants to ‘explore an option’ of using sanctioned individuals’ properties to house Ukrainian refugees. Asked about reports in the Daily Mail that he would like to seize Russian oligarchs’ mansions and use them to accommodate people fleeing the war, he told the BBC’s Sunday Morning programme: ‘I want to explore an option which would allow us to use the homes and properties of sanctioned individuals – as long as they are sanctioned – for humanitarian and other purposes.’ He added: ‘There’s quite a high legal bar to cross and we’re not talking about permanent confiscation. ‘But we are saying: “you’re sanctioned, you’re supporting Putin, this home is here, you have no right to use or profit from it – and more than that, while you are not using or profiting from it, if we can use it in order to help others, let’s do that”.’ But on Monday, Sajid Javid suggested that housing Ukrainian refugees in the mansions of Russian oligarchs could face some ‘legal hurdles’. The Health Secretary was asked on ITV’s Good Morning Britain whether the houses should be the first place considered. He said: ‘Not the first place – I don’t think it would be practical to make them the first place – but I do know that that is something that my friend Michael Gove is looking at. ‘I think there’ll be some legal hurdles to try and do that, but it’s right that he looks broadly to see how we can house more and more Ukrainian refugees.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Vital climate research in jeopardy thanks to Putin’s invasion of Ukraine