Foo Fighters have announced that all of their upcoming tour dates are cancelled following the death of drummer Taylor Hawkins. The band wrote in a statement: ‘It is with great sadness that Foo Fighters confirm the cancellation of all upcoming tour dates in light of the staggering loss of our brother Taylor Hawkins. ‘We’re sorry for and share in the disappointment that we won’t be seeing one another as planned. ‘Instead, let’s take this time to grieve, to heal, to pull our loved ones close, and to appreciate all the music and memories we’ve made together. With love, Foo Fighters.’ Hawkins died at the age of 50 on Saturday, having been found in his hotel room in Colombia during the band’s tour. The band, which includes Dave Grohl, Nate Mendel, Chris Shiflett, Pat Smear, and Rami Jaffee, had been due to perform at the Festival Estéreo Picnic in the Colombian capital the same evening, and fans were told via an announcement that the Foo Fighters would no longer be appearing due to a ‘serious medical condition’. Hawkins and the Foo Fighters were also due to play at the Grammys on April 3 before beginning a tour of North America in May and making their long-awaited return to the UK this summer. The band was due to perform their first UK dates since their headline slot at Reading & Leeds Festival in the summer of 2019, kicking off in June. Hawkins’ death is still being investigated, with a statement released by the Colombian attorney general’s office on Twitter claiming he had ‘10 different substances in his system’ at the time of his death. The statement, translated from the original Spanish, read: ‘On the initial forensic medical study of the body of Taylor Hawkins, drummer of the band Foo Fighters, who died yesterday in a hotel in the north of Bogotá, the Attorney General’s Office stated the following: ‘In the urine toxicological test performed on the body of Taylor Hawkins, 10 types of substances were preliminarily found, including: THC (marijuana), tricyclic antidepressants, benzodiazepines and opioids. ‘The National Institute of Forensic Medicine continues the medical studies to fully clarify the events that led to the death of Taylor Hawkins. ‘The Office of the Prosecutor of the Nation will continue with the investigation and will report the results obtained in the framework thereof in a timely manner.’ Foo Fighters had confirmed news of Hawkins’ death at the time, writing on social media: ‘The Foo Fighters family is devastated by the tragic and untimely loss of our beloved Taylor Hawkins. ‘His musical spirit and infectious laughter will live on with all of us forever. ‘Our hearts go out to his wife, children and family, and we ask that their privacy be treated with the utmost respect in this unimaginably difficult time.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Perry Farrell shares final voice message from Taylor Hawkins after Foo Fighters drummer’s death aged 50: ‘I love you guys’ MORE : Foo Fighters fans gather to mourn Taylor Hawkins outside his hotel after drummer’s death at 50 