A Sky News journalist was shot and wounded when a crew of five working in Ukraine were attacked by a hit squad. Chief correspondent Stuart Ramsay was hit in the lower back as bullets strafed the car carrying him and his crew towards Kyiv on Monday. Camera operator Richie Mockler was also hit with two rounds to his body armour before the team managed to escape and take cover. They were later rescued by Ukrainian police. It is understood that the whole crew, including Sky News’ Dominque van Heerden and Martin Vowles and local producer Andrii Lytvynenko, are now safe. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Shocking footage of the incident showed the team under heavy fire, with glass smashing around them. It is thought that the attack was carried out by a saboteur Russian reconnaissance squad. Mr Ramsay said the attack happened on the road to Bucha, a suburb of Kyiv which has seen heavy fighting in recent days. The crew were heading back to Kyiv after being turned back at a Ukrainian checkpoint. They were given the go ahead to use a deserted road back towards the capital but a seemingly professional hit attempt then began. First came a small explosion beneath the car – presumably from a device on the road – and then, Mr Ramsay wrote, ‘our world turned upside down’. He said: ‘The first round cracked the windscreen. Camera operator Richie Mockler huddled into the front passenger footwell. Then we were under full attack. MORE : Russia announces temporary ceasefire in two besieged Ukrainian cities ‘Bullets cascaded through the whole of the car, tracers, bullet flashes, windscreen glass, plastic seats, the steering wheel, and dashboard had disintegrated. ‘We didn’t know it at the time, but we were later told by the Ukrainians that we were being ambushed by a saboteur Russian reconnaissance squad. ‘It was professional, the rounds kept smashing into the car – they didn’t miss.’ At first, the team mistakenly thought the attack was launched by Ukrainian soldiers trying to repel Russian infiltrators but their shouts of ‘journalists’ did nothing to slow the assault. Mr Ramsey continued: ‘I do recall wondering if my death was going to be painful.’ After fleeing the car in a hail of bullets, the team climbed over a fence and ran down an embankment to a small town. They eventually made it to a factory unit, where they took cover and were later rescued by Ukrainian police. The Sky News crew has now arrived back in the UK, while Mr Lytvynenko is with his family in Ukraine. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.