A memorial to a stillborn baby girl has been callously ‘thrown in a skip’, her grieving parents say. Ryan Stokes and Keelie Walker lost their daughter Valencia in June last year. She was laid to rest in Mill Lane Cemetery in Cheadle, Manchester. Struggling to come to terms with the sudden loss, Valencia’s family created a memorial in her memory. The spot was a source of solace for Keelie in particular, who struggled with post natal depression following the stillborn birth. But this Tuesday, the family was horrified to discover that the display at Valencia’s grave had been cleared and the memorial items tossed into a skip. Now they want their baby’s grave exhumed. Ryan, 35, told the Manchester Evening News: ‘She has only been there for six months. I am just over a foot out [from my plot] and they have taken the lot out and thrown it in a skip. ‘That was our beautiful little place. We take our children to see their little sister. Our lives have never been the same. ‘My partner has had postnatal depression. It still feels as fresh as anything. It has put our anxiety through the roof.’ Last December, police were called over the removal of headstone tributes at the cemetery, as tensions between the local council and families reached new heights. Nevertheless, Ryan still believed he would be allowed to place tributes by Valencia’s final resting place. He said that there had been a ‘one-foot’ policy in place whereby memorials were allowed within close space of the grave. But Stockport Council said a ‘lawned’ design of the graveyard meant this was not the case. Ryan now wants Valencia’s grave exhumed as a result of the ordeal. ‘I want to have my baby moved,’ he said. ‘I want her dug up.’ Stockport Council said the lawned nature of the cemetery was made clear in a welcome pack issued to each grave owner. They say they have worked with a local branch of stillbirth and neonatal death charity Sands to create the rules. A spokesperson from Stockport Council said: ‘The area where this burial has taken place is the baby memorial garden. ‘It was developed in conjunction with Stockport Sands. It was always intended to be kept as a lawned design and this was agreed with Stockport Sands. ‘Everyone is sent a welcome pack making this clear. ‘We understand that this is an extremely sensitive issue and as such, we have worked hard with all the families affected and given them notice to remove their items.’ The council says they wrote to Ryan and Keelie on December 3 and February 1 requesting that their memorial display be removed. The spokesperson added: ‘This grave is the only one in this area where a small garden has been set out and we have never given permission for this and there is also no agreement to leave tributes outside of the boundary. ‘The work was carried out to ensure that the lawned appearance of the cemetery can be maintained in line with the wishes of the majority of grave owners.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.