Julia Fox has opened up on her whirlwind romance with Kanye West. The Uncut Gems star had a six-week fling with the 44-year-old rapper, which ended last month, and her time dating a ‘big personality like Ye was so hectic that she has claimed she lost 15 lbs in a short space of time. She told The New York Times: ‘I tried my best to make it work. I already had a jam-packed life. How do I fit this really big personality into this already full life?’ ‘It just wasn’t sustainable,’ she added. ‘I lost like 15 pounds in that month.’ The 32-year-old actress insisted she doesn’t pay any attention to the criticism the pair faced online. She insisted: ‘It’s not real. It’s only happening on the internet. I’m not actively engaging with it. I don’t feel it. ‘I’m still 1,000% me. Nothing’s changed, except, I will say, having been around Kanye was like a crash course on how to be famous.’ Julia felt like the star – who is currently going through a divorce from Kim Kardashian – ‘cast’ her in the ‘role of his girlfriend’ but didn’t actually consider them to be an ‘exclusive” item She said: ‘I don’t think those words ever came out of my mouth, actually. It definitely felt like I was his girlfriend. But it also felt like I was being cast in the role of his girlfriend — and he was casting me. He was the orchestrator of it all. It really did feel like a movie.’ The model doubts that Kanye will ever speak out of turn about their fling, but warned that she’s ‘really good at coming for people’. ‘I don’t think that he would want to open that door with me,’ she teased. ‘If you come for me, I’m going to come for you. And I’m really good at coming for people. I just go straight for the jugular. I don’t think he would be dumb enough to do that.’ In another interview earlier this week, Julia admitted dating Kanye was ‘the best thing’ to happen to her, and she movie star has no regrets about their romance. She added: ‘Like hitting a reset button. It kind of brought a spark back into my life that I had kind of forgotten about.’ Asked if they are on good terms, she revealed: ‘We’re still friends, yeah.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pete Davidson ‘in talks to blast into space with Jeff Bezos’ after being buried alive in disturbing Kanye West music video MORE : Julia Fox wears head to toe latex for The Batman’s New York world premiere as she continues assault on fashion world