Piers Morgan has launched a scathing attack on Good Morning Britain a year after his exit, as he vows to ‘cancel cancel culture’ in a teaser for his new TV show. Just this morning, the broadcaster reminisced on the one-year anniversary of him storming out of the ITV studio during a row over Meghan Markle with weatherman Alex Beresford. In his tweet to mark the occasion, he wrote: ‘A year ago today, I went for a little stroll… and in the words of Edith Piaf, je ne regrette rien! #LongWalkToFreedomOfSpeech.’ The reminder of the dramatic argument wasn’t the only significant post the 56-year-old had to share today, as midway through the morning, he shared a gif of a ticking clock, before releasing a teaser for his new TV show, which will be titled ‘Piers Morgan Uncensored’. In the short clip, he was shown watching the moment he stormed off GMB, before addressing the camera to explain what his new show is going to be all about. ‘A year ago today, I was forced to leave a job that I loved at the peak of its success for having the audacity to express an honestly held opinion. Well this shouldn’t happen in any democracy supposedly built on the principles of free speech and freedom of expression,’ he said. ‘So I’m delighted to now be returning to live television with a new prime-time show whose main purpose will be to cancel cancel culture which has infected societies around the world. ‘I want it to be a platform for lively, vigorous debate, the newsmaking interviews, and that increasingly taboo three-letter word – fun. I also want it to annoy all the right people. I’m Piers Morgan, uncensored.’ In his tweet releasing the trailer, Piers wrote: ‘*ANNOUNCEMENT* Trigger warning: I’m back.. and I’m uncensored.’ He also tagged the official Twitter account for the show, @PiersUncensored, which shared a tweet that read: ‘A year ago today, he was forced to leave a job he loved. Now he’s back: Piers Morgan Uncensored.’ In a new press release, Winnie Dunbar Nelson, Executive Editor of TV at News UK, said: ‘Piers Morgan is a fearless journalist and broadcaster with an unmatched ability to engage audiences internationally. ‘With Piers Morgan Uncensored, we’ll be doing something genuinely new – a daily show created for a global audience.’ A release date for the programme is yet to be announced, other than it will arrive this spring. It will be available to watch in the UK either on TalkTV, live or on-demand, on TV or on personal devices. The gif Piers shared earlier today of the ticking clock was the exact same one he shared on March 9 2021, shortly before it was announced that he had quit GMB after six years. In September last year, it was announced that Piers was launching a brand new talk show, joining ​​News UK’s TV channel, TalkTV. The global deal will see the presenter’s new TV show air on weeknights in the UK, US and Australia, while he also presents a series of True Crime documentaries. He also took on a new position as a columnist for The Sun and the New York Post as part of the agreement. In the statement announcing his new venture, Piers said: ‘I’m thrilled to be returning to News Corp. which is where I began my media career more than 30 years ago. Rupert Murdoch has been a constant and fearless champion of free speech and we are going to be building something new and very exciting together. ‘I want my global show to be a fearless forum for lively debate and agenda-setting interviews, and a place that celebrates the right of everyone to have an opinion, and for those opinions to be vigorously examined and challenged.’ Saying that he was ‘going home’, he added that they were going to ‘have some fun’. In October, it was announced that Piers would be stepping down from hosting ITV programme Life Stories, with Kate Garraway subsequently stepping into his shoes this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan’s explosive Good Morning Britain, one year on: What happened next? MORE : Piers Morgan regrets nothing as he marks one year since storming off Good Morning Britain over Meghan Markle row: ‘Long walk to freedom of speech’ MORE : Piers Morgan’s new show: Release date, how to watch and presenters Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below 