A man in Scotland who forced a 10cm sex toy inside his girlfriend’s dog has been banned from keeping animals for seven years. Rory Knox, 39, begged his partner, who he is no longer in a relationship with, not to take the distressed animal for treatment as he feared being arrested. On the day of the incident on April 18 last year, Knox was at her home in Milton of Campsie, a few miles from Glasgow, when he carried out the vile act. Knox first took the female dog out for a long walk before inserting the sex toy – which he was given as a Christmas present by his girlfriend – inside her, the Glasgow Times reported. Fiscal depute Ross Harris told Glasgow Sheriff Court: ‘He asked if she could speak. He stated, “I have went and done something really stupid”. ‘He went on to say he was playing about with the dog and got the sex toy stuck inside her. ‘A few hours later, the woman noticed the dog appeared stressed. The accused asked several times for the dog not to be taken to the vet as he would be arrested. ‘The woman took the dog to the vet the next day. The vet’s clinical director spoke to the woman, and she said she had noticed the dog’s external genital area swollen and informed him what the accused said. ‘The dog was examined and appeared calm and not in any distress. Her genital area was swollen and dry.’ The poor animal was then taken for an X-ray and a rectal examination before the vet removed the 8-10cm sex toy. The incident was reported to the Scottish Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SSPCA). As a result, Knox, who was in Helensburgh, was arrested in the early hours of April 20. The defendant appeared in court on Friday for sentencing after being charged with causing the animal unnecessary suffering. He will remain under social work supervision for one year and was tagged. In addition, the court ordered him to stay within his Helensburgh home between 7pm-7am for 100 days and disqualified him from keeping, owning or being responsible for any animal for seven years. Sheriff Shona Gilroy said: ‘Thankfully there is no long-term injury for this dog. What is concerning is the degree of self-pity about the situation you find yourself in. ‘I do agree that there needs to be some examination regarding your motivation around this offence.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.