Gary Neville has broke down why Marcus Rashford leaving Manchester United would be a ‘lose-lose’ situation for both the player and the club. Rashford has been linked with French giants Paris Saint-Germain and Spanish heavyweights Real Madrid after reports claimed he was considering his future at Old Trafford. The 24-year-old has been a mainstay in United’s team over the past seven years and is set to make his 300th appearance for the club before the end of the season. But Rashford has fallen down the pecking order at Manchester United and was benched for last weekend’s derby defeat at the Etihad despite the absence of injured strikers Cristiano Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani. Neville, though, believes a move away from Manchester United would be bad news for both parties and says it would be seen as ‘failure for United’s football department’ if the academy graduate left. The Old Trafford legend has also warned Rashford that moving on would be a ‘poor look’ and could affect his ‘off-pitch’ work. Rashford’s contract at Manchester United expires in June 2023 but he could force a move out of Old Trafford before then as he is concerned about his international prospects ahead of the World Cup later in the year. But United interim manager Ralf Rangnick believes Rashford is ‘happy’ at the club and says any thoughts about leaving should be put to one side until the end of the season. Speaking ahead of United’s clash with Tottenham on Saturday, Rangnick: ‘Marcus didn’t say anything to me [about wanting to leave]. ‘He said to me that he’s still happy and that he wants to perform on a high level here for the club. He didn’t mention a thing about not being happy here. ‘It doesn’t many sense to put any energy into that. I don’t think this is an issue and he never said anything about that when we spoke. ‘The window is closed right now. Even in case he and his agents or his family think about going to another club, well he can do that but in the summer.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 