The Queen could be forced to pull out of a thanksgiving memorial for late husband Prince Philip as concerns grow over her health. Buckingham Palace announced Her Majesty, 95, the head of the Commonwealth, is not fit enough to attend an annual service to celebrate the 54 member states at Westminster Abbey on Monday afternoon. But she ‘still hopes’ to attend the event devoted to the Duke of Edinburgh, described as her ‘strength and stay’, who died last April aged 99. The Queen has ruled out using a wheelchair and is adamant she will continue walking for as long as she can – despite worries over her mobility, according to the Mail on Sunday. The thanksgiving service, also at Westminster Abbey, has already been shortened to 50 minutes in a bid to accommodate the Queen’s frailty – amid discussions to use a rear door to spare her a long walk to her seat. In another disappointment, she is ‘unlikely’ to meet her great-granddaughter, Lilibet in person after dad Prince Harry decided not to return to Britain for the memorial, scheduled for March 29, over security fears. Her Majesty, who turns 96 next month, has been ‘carefully monitored’ by royal aides after testing positive for Covid in February. In a rare public appearance she was filmed leaning on a walking stick and saying ‘I can’t move’ while greeting guests. The decision for her not to attend the annual Commonwealth Service has been described as ‘regretful’. Eldest son and heir, Prince Charles, will represent his mother at the service. Meanwhile the Queen will deliver a message to the Commonwealth and watch the event on television at Windsor Castle. Royal biographer, Penny Junor, described the monarch as ‘extraordinary’, adding: ‘She has gone on with great vigour for years but we have to remember she is 95 and not superhuman. ‘And fortunately we have the technology that means she is not going to disappear from view altogether.’ ‘In other respects, she is on great form,’ Ms Juror said. ‘The Queen is fantastic on Zoom calls, but I think events where she is required to walk or go up any steps are not going to be feasible anymore.’ Royal sources have also revealed the monarch has also become too frail to walk her much-loved corgis – and may never take them out again. She has owned more than 30 of the breed in her lifetime but has not been able to walk them for six months, since she was admitted to hospital overnight last October. A source told The Sun: ‘She is not well enough. ‘They are an enormous source of solace so it is a real shame.’ The Queen was also left ‘extremely disappointed’ after being forced to give up her favourite hobby of horse-riding following the hospital stay. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.