England opener Jason Roy will be taking a ‘short, indefinite break from cricket’ to spend time with his family after pulling out of this year’s Indian Premier League. Roy, 31, was due to play for new IPL franchise Gujarat Titans in this year’s tournament, which runs from April 2 to June 3. He was signed for £196,000 at last month’s mega auction but has decided to withdraw from the IPL to spend more time with his young family. Roy, who will also miss the start of the County Championship, said: ‘After more than two years living under COVID restrictions and in a number of bubbles, I feel now is the right time to be with my wife and young children. ‘I’d like to thank all of the Surrey coaching staff for their patience and Surrey Members for their understanding. ‘I will be following the team closely while I’m away from the game and working hard to be at my best when I do get back to the middle.’ Roy has scored 329 runs in 13 Indian Premier League matches, with an unbeaten 91 for Delhi Daredevils in 2018 the highlight of his IPL career to date. Surrey expect to be without the World Cup winner for the ‘early rounds’ of the County Championship, with their season beginning against Warwickshire on April 7. Director of Cricket at The Oval, Alec Stewart, added: ‘Everyone at Surrey is here to support Jason and fully understands his decision to step away from the game for a period of time in order to be with his family. ‘When he is ready to return to cricket, we will be here ready to help and prepare him for his upcoming challenges in the game.’ Roy’s teammate Liam Livingstone was England’s biggest winner from the IPL auction as the Lancashire all-rounder became the most expensive foreign signing, joining Punjab Kings for £1.1m. England bowler Jofra Archer joined Mumbai Indians for £783,000 while Jonny Bairstow cost Punjab Kings £660,500. England one-day captain Eoin Morgan, who led Kolkata Knight Riders to the IPL final last year, went unsold along with Dawid Malan. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 