Growing up on camera, whether it be on reality TV, in film, or in sport, is no easy thing to do. For young sports stars, fans watch not just their level of talent develop, but their physiques, their personalities, and their minds, all in real-time. In Formula 1 the watching eyes are especially intense. This is a sport which puts its young athletes before the press and their lenses with higher frequency than any other, which demands they speak coherent and articulate English from their youth, and which separates them from their families for vast swathes of the year. Pierre Gasly, the French driver who will lead the Alpha Tauri team into the 2022 season when it begins in Bahrain on the weekend of 18 March, joined the F1 grid at 21 and has had to contend with significant strife in his time in the sport. Now, half a decade into his F1 journey, he is reflecting on the sharp and very public transformation he has undergone. ‘Over the last five years I think I’ve grown up a lot, from the different experiences I’ve had to go through, whether it was professionally or personally,’ Gasly exclusively told Metro.co.uk. ‘We all learn. From age 15 to 20 I was completely different. From 20 to 25 I’m completely different again. The things you have seen shape you as a person, and shape your mind as well.’ After two excellent seasons with Alpha Tauri, in which he took his first race win and regularly qualified his car in lofty grid positions, Gasly is now widely considered one the most well-rounded, consistent, and naturally quick drivers in the Formula 1 field. The idea that he can one day challenge for more frequent victories and potentially even the world drivers’ championship is by no means far-fetched. Just a few short years ago, though, Gasly was experiencing turmoil on and off the racetrack which threatened to derail his career. After six mediocre months as Max Verstappen’s team-mate at Red Bull, the team demoted him back down to Alpha Tauri (or Toro Rosso as it was then known) towards the back of F1 pack. Then, in an F2 race at Spa-Francorchamps ahead of the Belgian Grand Prix later that year, Gasly’s close childhood friend Anthoine Hubert tragically lost his life in an horrendous crash at the age of just 22. Gasly later wrote about the impact on this period of his life for the Players Tribune in a moving, profoundly personal piece, and says that doing so helped him to move forward and process his emotions. ‘This was the toughest moment of my life, changing teams and losing Anthoine,’ Gasly says. ‘Trying to get back up from this moment was really challenging. But that’s also my own nature, I’m someone that never gives up. I know exactly where I wanna go, I’ve always had that in me. I literally felt no vulnerability from writing that, it was such an emotional and powerful moment of my life that I felt I had to release it, to find a way to move on.’ While more and more athletes are comfortable discussing their mental wellbeing in public, plenty still eschew any notion of emotional vulnerability, preferring to maintain a kind of retro bravado they feel gives them a mental advantage over opponents. There are few more consistently macho environments in sport than the Formula 1 paddock, where the mixture of politics, immense wealth, and sponsor relations means some drivers prefer to rehash the same old racing cliches than broadcast their feelings or true opinions. Gasly, though, deems emotional honesty vital. ‘Life isn’t easy for anyone,’ he says. ‘Even for the best athletes, the most successful, you go through good and bad times. There is no shame in sharing or exposing moments where things were not as bright. It’s just the reality of life. We all face losing people, close people, failing at certain things, not achieving the targets we set ourselves. But there is no shame in that. I’m so grateful for all the failures I’ve had because I’ve learnt so much from all of them.’ In the past few years Gasly’s maturity has grown tenfold, not just out on circuit but in more general terms. The 26-year-old is now one of the most confident, erudite, and eloquent drivers on the grid, and is willing to speak out on socio-political issues he feels passionately about. In recent weeks he has been one of the most vocal F1 drivers on the subject of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, calling for Russian forces to halt their assault on the country and demanding F1 cancel its race in Russia. The digital age has increasingly rendered neutrality on the most pressing global issues unacceptable to the wider public. Celebrities, musicians, and athletes who would once have stayed silent and concentrated on their own careers in the face of wars, climate change and political scandals are now often less worried about potential detractors and sponsor disagreements and are instead more concerned with wanting to help enact some sort of change, while those stars who toe the corporate line and refuse to take a public view are frowned upon. Gasly believes that all athletes should use their unique position and enormous platforms for good, especially on social media. ‘With the exposure I get now I feel it’s my role to share the values that are important to myself, and especially when I think I can have a positive impact,’ he says. ‘I feel all athletes should use their platform to share positivity to the world. That’s why I feel more confident when there are certain topics which are a bit tricky. ‘Right now what’s going on in the world is insane. I think we have got to do better and we all need to be responsible. It doesn’t matter who you are, what you do or how many followers you have. If you can help a change, if it’s one person, ten thousand or one million, you should do it.’ In contrast to other sports leagues and series, Formula 1’s athletes are inherently unique in that they are all international, speak excellent English, tour the globe every other weekend to perform their jobs, and are limited to an annual cast of just 20. That gives them a unique perspective from which to influence people, Gasly believes. ‘When I was younger, I didn’t have this understanding of the possibility and opportunity you have as an athlete, especially as an F1 driver,’ he says. ‘There are 20 [of us] in the world. We are shown on TV, big exposure on social media, and this can be used positively — not only by saying “I had a good race” and all the cliches. That’s something I feel like I want to be more vocal about if it can be positive. I don’t want to get into any discussion if it’s just to discuss or give an opinion if there’s nothing more profound behind it, but if it can have a positive change, then yeah.’ Regarding the public perception of himself, Gasly is not too concerned. Once again, honesty trumps anything else. ‘I just want to show Pierre,’ he says. ‘I don’t really overthink it. I’ve learnt myself to save energy by not trying to be anyone else than myself. I’ve learnt on my journey that some people like you and some don’t. You can’t really explain why but I’d rather make sure people know the real me than be someone I’m not. It’s about staying true to myself.’ For Gasly right now, staying true to himself means delivering consistently strong performances for his team, developing both professionally and personally, and trying to make positive contributions on social issues where he feels he can. If he continues down that path, then he can deliver racing success for himself and help break down the barrier of toxic masculinity which has been prevalent in top tier sport for too long. Meet Jamie Chadwick: The British woman hoping to end F1’s 46-year wait for a female driver Mercedes accused of ‘bullying’ Masi out of F1 job over Hamilton and Verstappen controversy For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 