Folarin Balogun toasted Middlesbrough’s FA Cup win over Tottenham after helping the Championship club cause another upset and reach the quarter finals of the world’s oldest cup competition for the first time in five years. The on-loan Arsenal striker was introduced as a second-half substitute by Chris Wilder and was a constant thorn in Spurs’ side, embarrassing Cristian Romero on one occasion and coming within inches of creating a second goal for Boro’s matchwinner Josh Coburn. Defeat represented another setback for a beleaguered Antoino Conte who had never previously failed to reach the final of FA Cup, having twice led Chelsea to Wembley earlier in his managerial career. Overall, it was the north London club’s fourth defeat in their last five matches in all competitions, meaning they will again finish the season without a trophy and have only a top four place in the Premier League to aim for. Celebrating a momentous victory on Twitter, Balogun, who signed a long-term contract extension at Arsenal nearly 12 months ago amid speculation he was ready to leave permanently, pointedly wrote on Twitter: ‘Big result against familiar rivals.’ Conte, meanwhile, was left to rue another costly defeat, but was more measured in his response following his meltdown which followed the recent reversal at Turf Moor, after which he threatened to walk away. ‘I feel we lost a big chance here,’ said Conte post-match. ‘When you are playing against a team that have played in the Premier League you have to kill in a sporting way your opponent. ‘When you don’t score the chances you create then you give them confidence. They deserved to go to the next round and compliments to them.’ He continued: ‘I think we should kill the game before. When you play this type of game you have to kill your opponent. Your opponent has to feel that tonight is a bad night. ‘Instead they took the confidence and created the chances to score. We have to take good lessons from this defeat and continue to work. ‘We have to become stronger and if you want to become competitive, we have to be a stable team. Too many up and down still for us. For sure we have to continue to work.’ MORE : Ian Wright believes Manchester United still have advantage over Arsenal in top-four race MORE : Former Arsenal star Oleg Luzhny pauses coaching career to fight for Ukraine For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 