CFL2757. This number holds no meaning for most people, but to me, it’s as good as my last name. It’s how I discovered my growing family of half-siblings. I was conceived using a sperm donor and this was the number he was registered under. I have 64 brothers and sisters all over the world and I’m on a mission to meet them all. I grew up as an only child. Or so I thought. I spent the best part of my childhood bored and alone. It was just me, my mum, and grandma, but we were always close. One day when I was young, my mum sat me down and told me about my half-siblings, which she had found out about through my clinic, the donor registry, and a private Facebook group with other parents with kids from the same donor. I knew my dad was a donor, but I was unprepared for the news of my half-siblings. I still remember the visceral reaction I had. It was a call to adventure, more than a meeting of DNA. My extended family was out there… and most of them didn’t even know it. I was 13 when I met my first half-siblings – four-year-old twins. My mum got in contact with their mum because I wasn’t old enough to have Facebook. We spent the day at Disneyland in Florida. The girls were too young to understand who I was, but they just knew I was their sister. They clung to me immediately. It’s a moment that’s hard to put into words. It felt like home. It was intoxicating. From then on, I would become the big sister to all of my siblings. It was my responsibility as the first born of 64 (and counting) siblings. When my mother had me, she was told I wouldn’t have any siblings within a 500-mile radius. That’s the state of Florida. They were supposed to ‘spread the seed’, so we didn’t grow up together just in case we accidentally ended up dating. But there are 12 of us here and this number keeps growing. I’m really close with one of my siblings in Florida – Joanna. We love going shopping, ice-skating, and to the beach. When I opened my business teaching CPR (because I’m a paramedic), she was even one of my first students. My grandma used to make me memorise my donor number, because there’s no reporting requirement or meaningful regulation for the use of donor sperm to know how often it’s used in the United States. I have siblings within my state, across America, Canada, and all the way to Australia and New Zealand. The youngest I’ve found is 18 months old. People always ask me: how did you find your half-siblings? It all starts with curiosity, and a desire to connect. I’ve used the Donor Sibling Registry, which led me to a private Facebook group, where mothers share photos and updates of their kids. Some of my siblings do DNA tests through 23andMe and Ancestry. This is how we keep discovering new connections every year. I’m vocal about my search on social media and in news media. Several siblings actually reached out to me via Instagram because I was featured in a Washington Post story. This wouldn’t have been possible 20 years ago. I also realise how much of a privilege it is, living in such a connected time. My story is undoubtedly not unique. But connecting with dozens of siblings, it’s opened me up to a world full of fascinating versions of the family. The majority of my half-siblings are from two-mum homes. My mum was in a same-sex relationship at the time I was conceived. There are single-mum homes, as well as a handful of mum/dad parents. There’s even one family with a mum and a transgender dad. I’ve learned there are all kinds of seats at the table. And yes, we look alike. There’s one sister, Maia, who looks like my twin. My mum showed me a picture of her when she was three and I thought it was me! A lot of us share the same eye colour and smile. We also share similar mannerisms, especially connecting through humour. There’s a curiosity, a familiarity, that’s hard to put into words. We know our donor is smart, athletic, and artistic. While I’ve developed incredible relationships, not every half-sibling I meet necessarily wants to be part of our extended family. We all have our own upbringings, and some siblings aren’t able to open their lives or identities to us. In situations like these, I don’t put pressure on them. They know they can always contact me in the future. I’ve also seen families torn apart because parents weren’t forthcoming about their children’s conception. We all deserve to know the truth of our lineage. To most of us, we truly are brothers and sisters. We do what families do. We go on family trips. Last year, I organised our first half-sibling reunion. A weekend trip by a lake in the mountains of North Carolina, where 17 of us went. We did what siblings do – water balloon fights, games, swimming, picnics, and campfires. Some of the parents even joined us. It felt like one, big summer camp. I’ve made a commitment to meet up with my siblings at least once a year. From one-on-one catch ups to big family get-togethers, my siblings have become an important part of my life. If I go on vacation, it’s rare that I don’t have a sibling tag along. On a recent trip to Hawaii, I went surfing with one of my half-sisters. I share a love for the sport with my donor father, who I’ve since met. He changed his profile from anonymous to ‘willing to meet at 18’. I was nervous when I met him. We hugged. He said: ‘I hope you don’t expect a relationship with me.’ But he was kind. I’ll take any opportunity to find out more about him I can get. Whether or not he’s emotionally available for a relationship, he’s the reason I have 64 new family members. The perfect balance of both friendship and family, the kind of people I only dreamed of as an only child. My father isn’t donating anymore and I may never know how many siblings I actually have, especially since donations were cryogenic frozen. That in itself is a beautiful sentiment. I’m the lucky one. As told to Amanda Smith. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing James.Besanvalle@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Where are all the South Asian egg donors? MORE : Woman in a race against time to find biological father for life-saving bone marrow transplant MORE : ‘I was 21 when my mum told me my real dad was a sperm donor’ In this exciting new series from Metro.co.uk, What It Feels Like… not only shares one person’s moving story, but also the details and emotions entwined within it, to allow readers a true insight into their life changing experience.