A British Army serviceman raped a fellow soldier by pinning her down so forcefully she thought she would die, a court martial has heard. Sapper Thomas Herrington, 19, is accused of carrying the woman to his room while she was ‘out cold’ after a night of heavy drinking before attacking her. The pair were said to have previously struck up a romance and began the evening drinking in his room before heading to a party at a male colleague’s room nearby. But by the end of the night she had passed out on one of the beds and was ‘so intoxicated she couldn’t give consent’, prosecutors told Bulford Military Court, Wiltshire. She later told police he got ‘more pleasure out of me struggling more’ and dragged her by her hair when she tried to escape. Eventually, she managed to ‘wriggle away’ and fled the room ‘naked, crying and distraught’, the court heard. After escaping, the woman is said to have burst back into the other male soldier’s room and sobbed ‘I couldn’t stop him, I couldn’t move, I told him to stop’. Spr Herrington then allegedly appeared a short time later and said: ‘If you are going to end my career, make it quick’. The soldier, of 1 Royal School of Military Engineering regiment, denies two charges of rape and one charge of assault by penetration and claims the woman played an ‘active and voluntary role’. The court was told the pair had met two weeks before the incident and had consensual sex the weekend prior. In a recording of the alleged victim’s police recording played in court, she said her body felt ‘like jelly’ while he got into bed with her and remembered him ‘swinging’ her on top of him to have sex. She added: ‘It was almost like an out of body experience. I knew what was going on but I had no strength in me to fight back. ‘I kind of sit up and realise what’s going on and he says “look who’s awake now”, then [my memory] goes dark again. ‘Looking back [at that comment], he knew I was unconscious, he knew I was out cold, and maybe the fact he had me on top he was trying to cover his tracks.’ The woman claimed Herrington fetched a belt from his dressing gown after she tried to escape and used it to tie her down. She added: ‘I was scared, honestly I was scared he was going to kill me. I didn’t see it ever stopping, it felt like this had been going on for hours. ‘When he walked over with that belt I thought, oh my god, he could put that around my throat, he’s so much bigger than me. If he lost the plot, if I made him really angry, he could kill me. That was terrifying. ‘I was kicking and screaming and by this point I was thinking, if I don’t get him off of me now I might not leave this room.’ William Peters, prosecuting, said: ‘On the Friday night we are concerned with, she had – when sober – wanted to have sex with Spr Herrington and sent him graphic text messages which illustrated that. ‘But this case is all about the capacity to make a conscious decision to have sex. A conscious choice, as opposed to when she was unconscious, out cold, theough drink.’ The trial continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.