The Metropolitan Police has dropped its investigation into sexual harassment claims against Noel Clarke, according to reports. Clarke, 45, was accused of sexual misconduct on the set of BBC series Doctor Who, in which he starred between 2005 and 2010. A further 20 women, who knew him in a professional capacity, also levelled allegations against him. Clarke denied the allegations, saying: ‘I vehemently deny any sexual misconduct or criminal wrongdoing.’ The Mirror claims the Met has terminated its investigation as detectives have decided the women’s testimonies ‘would not meet the threshold for a criminal investigation’. A formal probe will not be launched ‘following a thorough assessment by specialist detectives’. A spokesman told the publication: ‘We have updated the complainants. If any further allegations related to those already assessed are reported then it will be thoroughly considered.’ Responding to the news, Anna Birley, of pressure group Reclaim These Streets, said: ‘Reporting experiences of sexual assault or abuse is difficult, and so it must be hugely upsetting for women who have been so brave and spoken out to hear that the police don’t believe their testimonies are enough. ‘Our criminal justice system fails women time and again. Women deserve to be listened to and believed.’ Last May, Sky confirmed it was not going to produce any more series of Noel’s crime drama Bulletproof, which also stars Top Boy actor Ashley Walters. Walters, 38, previously said in a statement on social media that he was ‘in shock and deeply saddened by what I have heard on a multitude of levels’. He added: ‘I could never condone behaviour of this nature neither in nor out of the workplace, and whilst Noel has been a friend and colleague for several years, I cannot stand by and ignore these allegations.’ Clarke said he ‘vehemently’ denies allegations of sexual misconduct or criminal behaviour, but will be seeking professional help and has apologised ‘deeply’ for his actions. Bafta suspended his membership and his recent outstanding British contribution to cinema award after allegations were published in The Guardian. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 