Shane Warne’s ex-wife Simone Callahan has shared a tribute on social media following his death, emphasising that his ‘greatest love’ was for their children. On Friday, it was announced that the Australian cricket legend had died at the age of 52 in Thailand from natural causes. Tributes have been made to Warne across the globe, with stars including Piers Morgan, Dan Walker and the former cricketer’s ex Elizabeth Hurley honouring him in posts shared online. In the early hours of Tuesday morning UK time, Callahan – who Warne was married to from 1995 to 2005 – expressed her sadness over his death in a heartbreaking message. The yoga instructor shared a montage of him with his three children on Instagram, who he shared with Callahan, set to the tune of Frank Sinatra’s song My Way. The compilation included photos of Warne on a rollercoaster with his kids, in the sea, cuddling his children on the sofa and a video of them playing football together. ‘Shane’s greatest Love, Our children Brooke, Jackson & Summer,’ she wrote in her caption. ‘Shane was taken too soon from their young lives.’ She concluded her tribute by writing: ‘Eternal love remains & will never leave. Vale Shane.’ Several Instagram users sent their condolences to Callahan in the comment section for the post, with one writing: ‘Sending our love to you, the kids and family, we are just devastated along with the rest of the world.’ ‘This is the most beautiful post. You are all class Simone. What a woman. Sending you all so much love today and forever,’ someone else said. Earlier this week, Warne’s children spoke out following their father’s death, with 24-year-old Brooke saying that the news didn’t ‘feel real’. His second child, 23-year-old Jackson, said: ‘I don’t think anything is ever going to fill the void you have left in my heart,’ as he described his father as his ‘brother, best friend and dad’. Warne’s youngest child, 20-year-old Summer, said he ‘hadn’t died’, he’d just ‘moved to a different place’, adding: ‘Dad, I miss you so much already. I wish I could’ve hugged you tighter in what I didn’t know were my final moments with you.’ In the lengthy statement from several members of the family, Callahan added: ‘Who bring a light so great to the world that even after they have gone the light remains.’ On Monday, deputy national police spokesperson Kissana Phathanacharoen confirmed Warne’s cause of death, saying in a statement: ‘Today investigators received the autopsy result, in which the medical opinion is that the cause of death is natural. ‘Investigators will summarise the autopsy result for prosecutors within the timeframe of the law.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Russell Crowe poses with smiling Shane Warne during last dinner in heartfelt tribute after cricketer’s death aged 52 MORE : Elizabeth Hurley’s son Damian pays tribute to ‘father figure’ Shane Warne following his death aged 52: ‘My heart is broken’