Hugh Grant has immediately shut down any rumours that he’s set to become the 14th Doctor in Doctor Who, after reports that the show will undergo a ‘Marvel-style makeover’. Jodie Whittaker is set to step down as the Doctor this autumn, with fans speculating about who will take over. However, Love Actually star Hugh insisted it won’t be him. The 61-year-old tweeted: ‘Nothing against Dr W but I’m not. No idea where the story came from.’ Other names in the running for Jodie’s replacement have been It’s A Sin stars Olly Alexander and Lydia West, who worked with Russell T Davies on the hit Channel 4 drama. Most recently, Sex Education favourite Tanya Reynolds has been eyed-up as a new companion for the Doctor. Russell, who rebooted Doctor Who in 2005, is returning for a second stint as showrunner, with the writer keen to bring a different feel to the sci-fi. Jodie, meanwhile, will bid goodbye to her role as the 13th Doctor after starring in the series since 2017. While there are still several months to wait until fans discover how her departure will play out, Matt Strevens, who will also be exiting as the show’s executive producer, hinted that her final outing will have a huge impact on Whovians across the globe. Speaking to Doctor Who magazine, he said that ‘the final story is a massive, feature-length epic’, which he recalled was ‘huge to shoot – with lots of surprises for fans of all ages’. She’ll star in one more special this spring, which will see the Sea Devils return after first appearing in the classic series. Then, her final episode, which will show the regeneration, will air in autumn this year. Doctor Who: Legend of the Sea Devils will air this spring. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Hugh Grant ‘in talks to be new Doctor Who’ as sci-fi series gets ‘Marvel-style makeover’ MORE : Catherine Tate addresses Doctor Who return rumours ahead of 60th anniversary: ‘If you’ve got the money I’ve got the time’ 