Rising fuel costs means some parents could be forced to teach their children from home, an MP has warned. The price of petrol and diesel has reached record levels due to the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia,. The cost to fill up a family car has now surpassed £90 for the first time. Conservative MP Robert Halfon, chair of the education select committee, has warned his government that parents may soon struggle to afford to drive their children to school. He told the Sun: ‘I have had constituents who have told me they have had to sleep in car parks overnight because they cannot afford to drive home. ‘A mother has said to me she is thinking about home educating her child because of the cost of driving to school. ‘It is the biggest cost for millions of people.’ Drivers could soon have to pay £2.40 for a litre of petrol and £3 for diesel as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine sends prices soaring. On Monday, an average litre of petrol in the UK hit another record high, of 163.7p, up from 148p a month ago. Mr Halfron is among a number of MPs who are urging Chancellor Rishi Sunak to slash fuel duty to help families cope with ‘eye-watering’ costs. Tory MP Jake Berry, chairman of the Northern Research Group of Conservative backbenchers, grilled Mr Sunak on the cost of fuel during in the House of Commons on Tuesday morning. He said: ‘With the cost of fuel now being an eye-watering £2 a litre in some areas, it has led to a huge VAT windfall for the Treasury. ‘When the Chancellor thinks about his Spring Statement coming up will he not only look at cutting fuel duty but also look at mileage recovery rates. ‘They have been at 45 pence per mile for over a decade. Now is the time to put them up to 60 at least.’ The Chancellor will set out his plans for the UK economy on Wednesday March 23. Mr Sunak said he would bear Mr Berry’s suggestions ‘in mind.’ He added: ‘He is right about the rise of the cost of fuel at the pumps although I am pleased to see that over the last few days the price Brent (crude oil) has fallen by about 25 per cent, just illustrating the volatility of the situation we are currently experiencing.’ The continuing rise in the price of fuel come amid warnings of potential global oil supply problems. Nathan Piper, head of oil and gas research at financial services company Investec, warned that drivers ‘need to get ready for what could be continued increases in fuel prices.’ He added: ‘If more stringent actions are imposed upon Russia, and five million barrels a day is truly taken out of the market, then oil prices would really have no ceiling.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.