England captain Heather Knight revealed her frustration after her side suffered the second defeat of their women’s World Cup campaign, following a seven-run loss against West Indies. Sophie Ecclestone was the pick of the England bowlers as she claimed three for 20 off 10 overs before adding 33 unbeaten runs, but the defending champions ultimately fell eight runs short of their victory target to finish 218 all out. It was the second victory for the West Indies after they beat New Zealand in Friday’s opener with Shemaine Campbelle celebrating a half-century and Chedean Nation (49 not out) falling just short as they posted a total of 225 for six. Campbelle’s 66, combined with an even contribution from the Windies bowlers and a spectacular catch from Deandra Dottin delivered the victory, with the former bowled out in the 49th over by Nat Sciver. Shamilia Connell claimed three England scalps with Hayley Matthews and Anisa Mohammed getting two each as they restricted their opponents, with opener Tammy Beaumont (48) top scoring in reply as she just fell short of her half-ton when she fell lbw to Mohammed. Sophia Dunkley added 38 as the defending champions built on their total with Danni Wyatt hitting 33 but their efforts proved in vain. Speaking after the match, Knight, whose team also lost a tight affair by 12 runs against Australia last week, said: ‘They batted outstandingly, they came out on a good wicket and played well. ‘But we pulled it back really well after that. Kate Cross and Sciver were outstanding in the middle overs. The last 10 overs cost us the other day, today the last 6-7 did. It wasn’t us. ‘We have lost two close games, not too much concern but frustration, when that’s close we wonder what we could’ve done differently out there. We will now focus on South Africa. Was a good wicket and the target was below-par. ‘We got a few partnerships together, cluster of wickets cost us. We need to be clinical in your execution. Ecclestone is a good batter, she has really improved her batting skills and she will be gutted that she could not finish it off.’ MORE : Eight players to look out for at the Women’s Cricket World Cup For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 