Lorraine Kelly was reportedly named on a ‘suspicious package’ that was sent to the ITV Studios, sparking an evacuation. ITV went off-air today with programmes including Loose Women and This Morning pulled. It has since been claimed that Kelly, 62, was the intended recipient on a package which was intercepted by security before it reached her. A source told The Sun: ‘Word quickly got around that whatever the box contained, it was addressed to Lorraine. ‘Everyone at ITV loves her – so people were upset and very concerned over the whole incident. Fortunately everyone is safe, but it shakes everyone up.’ An ITV spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘Due to a suspected security alert, the building which ITV daytime broadcast from was safely evacuated. ‘The issue has been resolved and staff have returned to the building following the all clear from the police. We apologise for the interruption to the schedule and we have now returned to normal programming.’ Following the security alert, pre-recorded episodes of This Morning and Loose Women were played following the alert in White City, where Television Centre is based. A spokesperson for the Met Police told Metro.co.uk: ‘At 11:14hrs on Thursday, 10 March, police were called to reports of a security alert at Wood Lane, White City. ‘It was reported a suspicious item had been discovered. ‘The area was evacuated as a precaution and White City and Wood Lane tube stations were temporarily closed. ‘The incident was stood down shortly before 12:49hrs. An investigation is ongoing.’ This Morning presenter Phillip Schofield addressed the incident on his Instagram Stories and thanked the police for their help. ‘Back in my dressing room @thismorning after a security alert,’ he wrote. ‘All ok and thankfully a false alarm. ‘Thank you to our team @thisistvc and @metpolice_uk for being amazing…I’ve been to the pub with everyone now back to get my house keys.’ Loose Women host Charlene White also revealed what the panel intended on discussing today, tweeting: ‘This is exactly what we were planning on talking about on @loosewomen today. How journalists protect their mental health at times like this, and advice for the public on how to do the same during war in a social media age.’ Regular ITV programming has since resumed. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bridgerton: Release date, cast, trailer and everything we know about season 2 MORE : Kanye West ‘gets violent towards Pete Davidson’ in second Eazy music video after sparking backlash 