Hailey Bieber has been spotted enjoying a chilled out day with her friends and husband Justin Bieber after being hospitalised last week, The model, 25, was seen sitting in the passenger seat of a pal’s Land Rover in her first sighting since the medical emergency. She looked relaxed as she sipped a large, cold beverage while wearing a baseball cap with LA and NY on it. Hailey also showed off the full outfit on her Instagram story, wearing a yellow tie-die top with a grey jumper slung around her shoulders, black cycling shorts and trainers as she posed in the mirror in her walk-in wardrobe. She later shared a snap of her lounging by the pool reading thriller book Verity by Colleen Hoover, before heading out in the car with husband Justin, 28. Justin was seen wearing a blue fuzzy fleece jacker as he drove, which he paired with a blue baseball cap reading ‘Los Angeles Aquatic Leisure Centre’ on the front as Hailey cradled his chin in her hand and captioned the snap ‘bebe’. It’s the first time Hailey has been spotted out since she revealed she was taken to hospital after suffering a blood clot on her brain. She told her followers at the time: ‘On Thursday morning I was sitting at breakfast with my husband when I started having stroke-like symptoms and was taken to the hospital. ‘They found I had suffered a very small blood clot to my brain, which caused a small lack of oxygen, but my body had passed it on its own and I recovered completely within a few hours.’ She added: ‘Although this was definitely one of the scariest moments I’ve ever been through, I’m home now and doing well, and I’m so grateful and thankful to all the amazing doctors and nurses who took care of me! ’Thank you to everyone who has reached out with well wishes and concern, and for all the support and love.’ Justin had also opened up about the terrifying ordeal during a recent concert, telling the crowd: ‘Life randomly throws you curve balls. You know, we can’t really control much. You know, tonight the power cutting out. ‘Obviously you guys know, most of you probably know or seen the news about my wife, not sure if you guys seen. ‘She’s ok, she’s good. It’s been scary, you know, it’s been really scary but I know for a fact that God has her in the palm of his hands.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Hailey Bieber was hospitalised with ‘very small blood clot to brain’ after having ‘stroke-like symptoms’ MORE : Justin Bieber ‘traumatised’ over Hailey Baldwin’s blood clot scare after worrying hospital visit: ‘It shook him up’ 