A cat believed to be the oldest one ever to be in the RSCPA’s care has found a new owner after an appeal for a ‘special retirement home’ went viral worldwide. Morag, who is approximately 100 in cat years, came into the care of the Worcester RSPCA after being given up by her previous owners. Despite concerns Morag would struggle to find a home due to her age and scruffy appearance, a social media appeal made by the charity ended up being shared over 3,000 times and reaching all corners of the globe. ‘Offers of homes came in from Michigan, Florida, Texas and Pennsylvania as well as Australia and Japan,’ Ned Cotton, who manages the rehoming centre, said. ‘We never thought for one moment that her story would take off like it did, but a 21-year-old cat looking for a retirement home to live out the remainder of her days seemed to resonate with people and we were inundated with interest and offers of homes for her.’ Nick added that they were ‘absolutely overwhelmed’ by the response, with people not only sending messages of good will, but also gifts and toys for the senior moggy. Despite all the global offers, Morag was eventually placed with a family near the Worcester rescue centre where her story began. Her new owners say that she ‘loves being picked up for a cuddle’ and that her hobbies include ‘sleeping, mooching about in the garden and upstairs and eating.’ ‘We’re delighted that she’s found a wonderful home to call her own and we know she’s going to be thoroughly pampered and much loved there, just as she deserves,’ Nick said. This particular branch of the RSPCA has a great track record of rehoming senior cats. They have already found homes for seven elderly cats with a combined age of 100 this year – Violet (16), Joy (15), Angel (11), Holly (10), Teddy (10), Barbara (19), and Bernard (19). ‘Age really is just a number and rehoming an older pet can be incredibly rewarding,’ Claire Wood, who works at the branch, said. ‘You’re giving them the best possible life in their twilight years and we will always do our utmost to ensure a happy ending for every animal that comes into our care, young or old.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : RSPCA desperate to find homes for 60 baby gerbils after breeding got out of hand MORE : Two cats are co-parenting their seven kittens after giving birth hours apart MORE : The biological reason therapy dogs help us feel better