Copper is having a moment. Yes, it’s typically an autumnal colour, but celebrities are now embracing the soft ginger tone for the spring months. Recently seen on Kendall Jenner and Barbie Ferreira, honeyed copper hues are back in again. Fitting in with the ‘lived in’ look that’s dominated hair over the whole pandemic – first due to a lack of choice with hairdressers being closed, then as a welcome low-maintenance move – copper hair can be easy to work with. If you want to embrace the tone of the moment, it’s easy to shift your natural colour. Leading hair colourist Zoe Irwin, who works with Wella, tells Metro.co.uk: ‘We’re seeing copper hair everywhere at the moment – from the Netflix series, The Queens Gambit to celebrities such as Kendall Jenner. ‘Tonally copper hair also works incredibly well with a broad range of tones, from greens, jades, and sage tones. ‘People have also become much more playful with their hair colour since the pandemic. ‘We’re learning to play with colour and use it as a form of self-expression.’ So, how can you tell if the shade is right for you? Zoe says you need to think about your skin tone to know whereabouts you sit on the scale of copper shades. She explains: ‘Much like finding the perfect red lipstick, finding the best copper tone for you is all about your skin tone. ‘It might be a softer auburn with yellow undertones, or it could be a deeper red base. ‘There are so many tones within the copper palette, it’s truly a versatile shade. ‘If we look at the celebrities wearing this copper tone, they are all very delicately different, but all suit the skin tone perfectly.’ One thing to keep in mind with this shade is how quickly the colour can fade. Zoe says she’s asked often for tips on keeping the colour ‘fresh’ as people can struggle to ‘maintain that healthy look’. ‘The porosity of your hair affects how your colour fades,’ she says. ‘The raised hair cuticles in porous hair can leak the colour molecule resulting in colour fading quicker. ‘I recommend using colour depositing masks weekly to ensure your hair is at its optimal health. ‘They’re great at not only conditioning and strengthening the hair, but also depositing a gorgeous copper tone which helps revive colour in between salon appointments.’ Going copper needn’t be so hard. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Ghd pop-up will offer hair styling and professional photo shoot for £30 MORE : ‘Twee’ hair is all over TikTok right – but what is it and how can you achieve it? MORE : I took the plunge and got a ‘bixie’ haircut – here’s what it’s like seven days later