Stacey Solomon has admitted she felt ‘humiliated’ when she developed breasts at a young age. The Loose Women panelist, who was back on the ITV daytime show on Friday’s episode five months after giving birth to her daughter Ruby, explained how she and her family were ‘uncomfortable’ with her body, and she got attention from older men as a child. She said: ‘I was horrified about my boobs. I got boobs really early. I was one of those girls that came on her period at 10 and the boobs came with it, and the hairy armpits. I was just really awkward and gangly. ‘I had quite a small back and quite big boobs. But also it wasn’t even about how big my boobs were because I would later realise what was a thing and you could use them to your advantage. ‘But at 10, I was humiliated by them. I found them uncomfortable. I remember by family and friends being uncomfortable for me. I remember them saying, “Pull your top up!” Because they would show. ‘My dad would be uncomfortable if I got attention from older men when I was a really young child with boobs. So I noticed it, it was really apparent and obvious. But they were just there.’ She put the blame on her feelings of shame on society and the way boobs are sexualised despite being ‘a functional part of your body’. ‘I think because they’re classed as a sexual organ rather than an organ to feed your babies, and a functional part of your body – I think that’s why we’re so embarrassed by them,’ she explained. ‘Or at least I was embarrassed by them. It was a sexual thing, it was almost shameful or embarrassing.’ However, Stacey is now comfortable with her breasts and laughed as she opened up on the advantages after giving birth to baby Ruby last year. ‘Now, if I wanna lay down and feed my baby, my boob just flops down there and I don’t have to move! I’m being deadly serious,’ she giggled. ‘I think all the things we’re told not to like about our boobs come in very handy!’ Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Loose Women ‘told off’ for big group hug as Stacey Solomon returns 5 months after giving birth to baby Rose MORE : Stacey Solomon admits she felt ‘insecure’ about her body in sweet photo of her and baby Rose at swimming pool 