If you’ve spent an unnecessary amount of time on skincare Tiktok or Instagram, then you will have heard the term ‘slugging.’ And no, it doesn’t involve slugs in your back garden. To put it simply, slugging is about sealing your skin with a thick agent – usually petroleum based – overnight. The most popular product being used is Vaseline (a type of petroleum jelly mixed with mineral oils and waxes). However, the product you decide to use depends on your skin type. If you have dry, damaged skin then products by Vaseline or Cerave may be your best bet. Struggle with oiler skin? Look for oil-skin friendly creams or gels so you don’t overwhelm your skin. Slugging – described as ‘life-changing’ by one user – is designed to improve hydration of the skin and improve the smoothness of it too. Mehmet Goker, a dermatology specialist at Vera Clinic says that it can be done as the last step of your night-time skincare routine. ‘This hack can moisturise your skin but also helps lock in the other products you applied so they can work their magic overnight,’ he says. While it’s all the rage right now, with the #slugging getting more than 200 million views on Tiktok, it’s a trend that has been used for years. Slugging started off as a K-beauty skincare trend, while dermatologists have recommended people with dry skin or eczema to sleep with thick layers of moisturiser or petroleum jelly to improve skin hydration for years. There’s no one correct technique to it. Just make sure your face is freshly washed and you haven’t used any harsh skincare products – such as retinoids – as it could potentially increase penetration of products and lead to skin irritation. Then, apply an even layer of your preferred product and go to bed. In the morning, make sure to cleanse your face to get rid of any excess product. If you have oily, or acne prone skin, is this the right technique for you? Turns out, you might be a better candidate for what’s known as ‘targeted slugging’ – where you apply products to where it’s needed, such as your eyelids. However, one skincare expert doesn’t recommend slugging. Mia Moseley-Smith, a skincare expert at online beauty retailer Face the Future, says that it’s easy to be tempted by a fad that promises the world for your skin, but it should be treated with caution. ‘While it’s easy to go for a trend that promises photo-ready skin in just one night, we would never recommend slugging,’ she says. ‘This process can not only clog pores but could potentially further irritate skin.’ Instead, she recommends increasing the amount of water you drink and using an overnight face mask. ‘A good evening skincare routine will always be more effective than a one-off trend.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Experts explain why you should never store your skincare in the bathroom MORE : The Fit List: Indulge with posh hair products, skincare and delicious healthy snacks MORE : From bakuchiol to rosehip oil, what you need to know about retinol skincare alternatives