Dawn Butler has revealed she was diagnosed with breast cancer following a routine mammogram. The 52-year-old Labour MP released a public statement about her diagnosis as well as her recent surgery. Ms Butler said the cancer cells were discovered at a very early stage so it was something she would ‘get through and over’. However, she needed to take time off to fully recover. ‘Everything stood still as it does when you hear the dreaded C-word – it is a shock but an early diagnosis means that it is something that I will get through and over,’ Ms Butler wrote. ‘The NHS has caught my cancer early, the operation was a complete success, and I will make a full recovery. ‘However, I now have to take time off work for my recovery. Everyone who knows me knows that I am a workaholic and I love what I do – but unless I listen to medical advice and recover well, I will not be able to give my best. ‘I would like to thank Parliament, the Labour Party, local members and my team for their support throughout.’ Ms Butler also paid tribute to the ‘amazing workers’ at the Royal London Hospital, where she saw ‘first-hand how the NHS is under enormous pressure’. She added: ‘The Royal London seemed full, people were waiting on chairs in A&E for beds, the staff were exhausted in the NHS and many were suffering from PTSD. ‘Covid-19 has taken a lot out of them. So many people have missed appointments (many through no fault of their own), results are delayed and operations postponed. ‘If we are to show our appreciation for the amazing NHS workers and rebuild our health service then we need to properly invest in the NHS, both structurally and in the very people who keep it functioning.’ Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said the party was supporting Ms Butler following her diagnosis. He tweeted: ‘Dawn, your bravery, strength and determination shine through. ‘I am sorry you’re going through this, but know that I, and the whole Party, are behind you.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.