Londoners, look away. This one’s going to hurt. While you scrabble around to find a decent two-bed flat for under £400k, up in Newcastle there’s a five-bedroom house – with two living rooms and two bathrooms, of course – on the market for the bargain price of £90,000. This might make you feel a little less rubbish, though. For the same price, you could also get your hands on a bit of land in Devon: a teeny area of under 0.1 acres of wasteland in Starcross. This just goes to show the wild discrepancies of the housing market across the UK, where £90k can either get you a proper family house… or a bit of grass to sit on. We’ll talk you through the house first. That’s a terraced property on Cherwell Square in Forest Hall, Newcastle Upon Tyne, just a short drive from the city. It’s got two living rooms – one upstairs, one down – and five bedrooms, each decently sized so no one’s going to be grumpy with the one they get. On the ground floor is a garage, a storage room, and a workshop, along with the kitchen, two of the bedrooms, and a bathroom. Decor-wise, none of this is super inspiring – the carpets are a tad worn and the teal paint on the kitchen walls won’t be to everyone’s taste – but we can see potential. Upstairs, you’ll find another kitchen (why not?) another bedroom, and the second living room. Then up again is the attic/loft, where the final two bedrooms lie. The entire property could use some work to bring it up to date (one of the bathrooms, in particular, is looking a touch retro), but for £90,000, it’s a bargain, and will be going up for auction on March 9. So that’s one option for anyone with tens of thousands of cash spare. Here’s another. In Starcross, Devon, £90,000 will get you some ground – 0.08 acres, to be precise. The overgrown area sits behind the Old Post Office on The Strand, and offers vehicular access by the drive. It’s thought to have originally formed part of the Post Office’s garden. There are two timber panel fences walling the sides, but these are a tad run-down.  The weeds will need cutting, too. If you have lofty dreams of using this space to build your own house, we’ll need to trim those back, too – planning permission for a residential dwelling has been turned down due to flood risk. So instead, the land could make for a parking space, a garage, or some form of workshop or commercial building… depending on consents. It is in Devon, though, so you’re close to the sea. So, which one would you pick? Or would you rather spend £200k on a studio in Surrey? Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Best cities to ‘flip’ a house revealed MORE : Terraced house so narrow you can barely spot it goes on the market for £100k MORE : What I Rent: Michelle, £1,600 a month for a three-bedroom house in Epsom Downs