Taron Egerton left fans concerned after he fainted on stage during the opening night of his new West End play, Cock. The 32-year-old was performing in a new production of Cock at the Ambassadors Theatre, in London on Saturday, when he passed out. According to reports, one of his co-stars stopped the performance and the safety curtain came down while he was treated. A doctor in the audience rushed backstage to help, with director Marianne Elliott appearing on stage with an update after a 40-minute break. She took the moment to quell everyone’s fears, explaining that Taron was ‘absolutely fine’ after the incident. Understudy Joel Harper-Jackson stepped in to his role when the play eventually continued. A statement from the play’s production read: ‘During this evening’s first preview of Mike Bartlett’s play Cock at the Ambassadors Theatre, Taron Egerton fainted towards the end of the performance. ‘A doctor who was in the audience attended to Taron immediately after the incident, and whilst he felt fine, it was decided that Taron’s understudy, Joel Harper-Jackson would continue in the role to complete the performance.’ Taron has yet to speak out publicly over his health scare. Cock will return to the stage for the next scheduled performance on March 7, and will run until June 4. The production, a rendition of Mike Bartlett’s 2009 play, also stars Jonathan Bailey, Jade Anouka and Phil Daniels. The synopsis reads: ‘John (Jonathan Bailey) is happy in himself, and with his boyfriend (Taron Egerton), until one day he meets the woman of his dreams (Jade Anouka). ‘In a world full of endless possibilities why must we still limit ourselves with labels?’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Taron’s reps for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kaley Cuoco supports Pete Davidson after Kanye West’s ‘disgusting’ music video MORE : Peaky Blinders season 6: Tom Hardy wasn’t always billed to return as Alfie Solomons ‘Plans change’ 