Gareth Southgate has dropped Manchester United forward Marcus Rashford from his latest England squad, while four Arsenal players have been called up. The Three Lions play friendlies against Switzerland and Ivory Coast later this month as part of their preparation for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. The World Cup starts in just over eight months and Southgate will see the upcoming friendlies, both to be played at Wembley Stadium, as ideal preparation for the tournament. Southgate, who signed a contract extension with England in November, has shuffled the pack for his latest squad as he begins the process of finalising his plans for the World Cup. Despite their long wait for a major trophy, England will be one of the favourites to win the World Cup after reaching the Euro 2020 final last summer and the World Cup semi-finals in 2018. Rashford, who missed a penalty in England’s Euro 2020 final defeat, has been omitted from Southgate’s latest squad after a difficult period for Manchester United. The 24-year-old has slipped down the pecking order at Old Trafford – starting just ten Premier League games this season – and is said to be considering his future at the club. Rashford’s United teammate Jadon Sancho has also been left out of England’s squad for the March friendlies, while Arsenal have four representatives preparing for England duty in Aaron Ramsdale, Ben White, Bukayo Saka and Emile Smith Rowe. Manchester City star Kyle Walker is another surprising omission, although there is a first call-up for Crystal Palace defender Marc Guehi. Everton’s Jordan Pickford will likely remain England’s No. 1 for the Switzerland and Ivory Coast fixtures but faces competition from Burnley’s Nick Pope and Arsenal’s Ramsdale. Last week, Leicester City boss Brendan Rodgers claimed Ramsdale was currently England’s best goalkeeper, although the 23-year-old was criticised for a rare mistake he made in last night’s defeat to Liverpool. England’s defence has a familiar feel with Trent Alexander-Arnold, John Stones and Reece James all included, but Gunners star White is among the names who will hope to put pressure on struggling Red Devils centre-back Harry Maguire. Midfielders Jordan Henderson, Declan Rice and Mason Mount will all feature in the friendlies and Chelsea loanee Conor Gallagher has been rewarded for his impressive form for Crystal Palace. England’s forwards include Harry Kane, Raheem Sterling and Phil Foden, but there is no room for Rashford or Sancho. On Rashford’s omission, Southgate said: ‘He is in the same position as everyone else, whether they are in the squad or not. ‘They’ve all got to play well towards the end of this season and in particular at the beginning of next season. ‘It is a difficult time for him, he’s clearly not at his best, but there is plenty of time. We know what Marcus can bring and hopefully he can rediscover the form he’s capable of.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 