Michael Sheen has shared a pivotal update on Good Omens season 2… while also revealing the happy news that he and his partner have an ‘angel’ baby on the way. In 2019, Michael and Swedish actor Anna Lundberg, welcomed their first child, a daughter called Lyra. In a new series of tweets, the Staged star revealed that they are adding to their brood, with the actor also sharing an elder daughter, Lily, with ex Kate Beckinsale. In his first tweet, the 53-year-old shared a photo of his Good Omens character Aziraphale’s coat hanging on the back of a door, hinting that he may have wrapped on filming for the second season of the Terry Pratchett adaptation with David Tennant. ‘At times like this we need all the angels we can get. Sadly it’s time for this one to hang up his coat. However….#GoodOmens2,’ he wrote. In a second tweet, alongside a picture of three individuals’ hands resting on a pregnant stomach, he wrote: ‘…..it appears there may be another on the way! #AngelDelight.’ People have rushed to offer Michael and Anna their congratulations, with one commenting: ‘Oh my goodness!! What beautiful news.’ ‘Every time a new season of good omens is being made there is a new child. Coincidence? I think not,’ another remarked. Someone else wrote: ‘OH MY GOD This is amazing news! Congratulations to them!! Another little sheen who will be walking this earth.’ For some fans, the double whammy announcement proved almost too much to handle. One, questioning whether Michael had indeed confirmed the end of filming for Good Omens season two, stated: ‘I was not prepared for this and I don’t think I ever would have been. I’m not ready for him to go. But he’ll always be my angel, blonde hair and coat or no.’ Another, comparing an older photo showing the coat facing towards the camera while hanging on the back of the day, wrote: ‘How it started | How it ended. Thank you, Michael Sheen. We feel the love you have for this project so much.’ Good Omens director Douglas Mackinnon also confirmed that filming on season two of the show had wrapped, with a photo of a quote from Good Omens that read: ‘Get behind me, foul fiend,’ followed by: ‘After you.’ It’s believed that Michael and Anna have been dating since at least 2019, with the pair previously appearing on Celebrity Gogglebox together. In August 2019, he addressed rumours about their relationship on Twitter with a statement that read: ‘Wouldn’t normally respond to this kind of thing but for the sake of people I love and who have more important things to focus on right now – I was single from the beginning of last summer until I met my partner Anna who is now going to have our baby. Just for the record. Thanks.’ Good Omens is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Andy Serkis looks so much like Michael Sheen that even his daughter mistook Planet of the Apes star for her dad MORE : Good Omens season 2 timeline: Everything we know so far about David Tennant and Michael Sheen series 