The death toll from a brutal attack on a residential district in Ukraine has continued to climb. Part of the terrifying assault was captured on dashcam footage, showing missiles slamming into apartment buildings in Chernihiv. The city to the north east of Kyiv has been the scene of heavy fighting in recent days and is part of the wider push towards the capital. Regional authorities say 47 innocent people died during the fighting on Thursday, up from an earlier count of 33. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The same spokesperson said rescue work had been slowed because of ongoing shelling. Efforts to capture Chernihiv have emerged as one of the invading force’s primary goals in recent days. Russian forces appear to be attempting to open a new route to the east of Ukraine’s largest city. A report from the Institute for the Study of War: ‘Russian operations on the Kyiv axis consist of a main effort aimed at enveloping and ultimately encircling the city from the west and supporting efforts along the Chernihiv and Sumy axes to encircle it from the northeast and east.’ It said forces had bypassed Chernihiv on Thursday to reach the outskirts of Kyiv as the determined defence of the city continues to hold out despite the bombardment. MORE : President Zelensky ‘has survived three assassination attempts but more planned’ The capital is home to three million people and has seen some fighting but has not been significantly breached. A miles-long convoy – which is believed to have been sent to besiege the city – has stalled on a highway to the north. US defence intelligence say it is still 16 miles from Kyiv. There have been reports it has suffered logistics problems and it has also been targeted by Ukrainian drones. There has been fighting around the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant today, the largest in Europe. Russia has come in for international condemnation after its forces risked creating an environmental catastrophe by shelling around the site. Conflicting reports have emerged about the situation on the ground in Energodar, the city which has grown up around the Soviet-era installation. Russian forces have encircled the plant but Ukrainian state employees are still operating the site. Earlier this week staff and residents blocked the road to try and repel a Russian attack but the resistance were fired on, according to one unverified video shared on social media. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.