Gogglebox star Ellie Warner’s boyfriend Nat Eddleston is still in hospital in ‘critical but stable condition’ after he was hit by a car on Friday night. Nat was taken into intensive care on a life support machine after suffering a broken neck and collapsed lungs in the horror crash, and the first photo has emerged of the aftermath. In the picture, police can be seen on the scene as they tend to someone by the side of the road. West Yorkshire Police has told Leeds Live in a statement: ‘The pedestrian remains in a critical but stable condition in hospital and enquiries into the incident are ongoing.’ A family member had previously told The Sun: ‘Nat is in intensive care with a broken neck, broken back, two collapsed lungs and possible brain damage. ‘He is on a life support machine and all the family and Ellie are obviously very worried for him.’ According to reports, Nat – who had been having a night in the pub with his friends – was hit by a white Seat Leon travelling out of the city just after midnight. The car, which is said to have sustained damage to the windscreen and roof, reportedly continued for about 100 yards before stopping. Police are said to be looking for witnesses of the incident. Fans have been sending messages of support to hairstylist Ellie, 31, following the crash. One wrote: ‘Just read about this, my thoughts are with Ellie and her family. Fingers crossed all is well with her partner and that he makes a speedy recovery.’ Another added: ‘So sorry to hear this sending love and hope he pulls through you are in my prayers.’ Leeds-based Ellie and her sister Izzi, 27, have starred on Gogglebox since 2015, while Nat has appeared various times alongside his partner. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gogglebox star Ellie Warner’s boyfriend ‘fighting for his life after being hit by car’ MORE : Gogglebox favourites the Malones announce death of beloved dog: ‘She fought right to the end to stay with us’ 