Andy Murray has announced he’ll be donating all his prize money earnings this year to help Ukrainian children affected by Russia’s invasion. The former British No.1 has teamed up with charity UNICEF in order to provide urgent medical supplies and help ensure displaced children’s education doesn’t suffer in the tough weeks and months that lie ahead. Murray tweeted: ‘Over 7.5m children are at risk with the escalating conflict in Ukraine, so I’m working with @UNICEF_uk to help provide urgent medical supplies and early childhood development kits. ‘It’s vital education continues, so UNICEF is working to enable access to learning for displaced children, as well as supporting the rehabilitation of damaged schools, together with replacement equipment and furniture. ‘I’m going to be donating my earnings from my prize money for the rest of the year, but anyone in the UK can support UNICEF’s humanitarian response by donating to our appeal by following this link – https://unicef.uk/am_ukraine ‘Children in Ukraine need peace – now.’ Murray, who is set to compete at Indian Wells later this week, isn’t the only tennis player to have donated prize money to help Ukraine amid the ongoing invasion by Russia. Last week, Dayana Yastremska donated her prize money to help support her homeland Ukraine after she was beaten in the final of the Lyon Open by Shuai Zhang. The 21-year-old, and her 15-year-old sister Ivanna, spent two nights sheltering in an underground car park after the war broke out in Ukraine before being sent to safety in France by their parents. ‘The prize money I earned here I’m going to give to the Ukrainian foundation to support the Ukraine,’ she said. ‘And if Ukrainian people are watching me, I want to say you guys are so strong, you have an amazing spirit. ‘I try to fight for Ukraine. I want to say thanks to every single person from Ukraine for standing by the Ukraine and showing people that we have a really strong spirit.’ All Russian and Belarusian tennis players competing at Indian Wells this week will compete under a neutral flag following the International Tennis Federation’s decision to impose the sanctions amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. MORE : Russian tennis star Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova in ‘fear’ after criticising Ukraine invasion MORE : Andy Murray rehires Ivan Lendl as coach for third time ahead of Wimbledon push For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 