Kim Kardashian has addressed the divisive ’get your ass up and work’ remarks which managed to offend pretty much everyone who heard them. While promoting the upcoming new Kardashians series, Kim came under fire after urging women to work harder. In a video with Vanity Fair, she said: ‘I have the best advice for women in business. Get your f**king ass up and work. It seems like nobody wants to work these days.’ She added: ‘You have to surround yourself with people that want to work.’ Even her sister Kourtney, who famously said ‘work isn’t important to me’, was seen nodding along and agreed: ‘That’s so true.’ Well, after thousands of critics noted the enormous privilege which has helped launch the Kardashian family’s careers, Kim has said her comments were ‘taken out of context’. ‘It wasn’t a blanket statement towards women or to feel like I don’t respect the work or think that they don’t work hard. I know that they do,’ she told Good Morning America. ‘It was taken out of context, but I’m really sorry if it was received that way.’ Kim explained: ‘That soundbite came off of the notion and the question right before, which was, “After 20 years of being in the business, you’re famous for being famous,” and my whole tone and attitude changed with the previous question that went into that question about what advice would you give to women.’ During last night’s Oscars ceremony, Regina Hall – who hosted the bash alongside Wanda Sykes and Amy Schumer – rinsed Kim over the bold statement. Giving Dame Judi Dench some advice on how to win another Oscar, Regina said: ‘We’ve got an inspirational quote for you, Judi Dench. This is from Kim Kardashian, “Work harder.”’ Even the Dame herself was cackling along, whether she knows who Kim Kardashian is or not. Good Morning America airs on ABC in the US. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.