Once upon a time, it was considered inappropriate to show emotion at work. The stiff upper lip became stiffer the moment we entered the office, with feelings being seen as unprofessional or weak. Thankfully, that’s (slowly) starting to change. We’ve realised that expressing our emotions – in a healthy way – is no bad thing, and that compassion and empathy can make us better leaders. Essentially, we’re starting to realise that we shouldn’t have to be work robots to be worthy of respect. We can bring our whole selves into the work sphere, and use our emotional intelligence for good. A key part of this shift is simply caring. It’s about seeing people who work with you as human beings, not just nameless, faceless workers. This is having a compassionate workplace – but what exactly does this look like? And why is it important? ‘The days of “work masks” have gone and it is now okay for people to express their emotions and feelings at work,’ work expert Paul Hargreaves tells Metro.co.uk. ‘Hundreds of years ago most people enjoyed close community in their villages and towns and would almost always work within these communities. Homo Sapiens are a community mammal – we need each other. ‘But people experience much less community these days. The workplace is the community for many people, so to talk about their troubles and connect with other people in love and compassion is essential for their wellbeing.’ A happier, healthier workforce is a more productive one, so it really is in bosses’ benefit to show prioritise emotional health. ‘Compassion is the number one characteristic I would prioritise above all others,’ says Paul. ‘In today’s troubled world, we need compassionate people now more than ever. Ahead, Paul shares some tips for making your workplace a more compassionate space. Look, sometimes tears happen (whether out of sadness, frustration, or reasons we don’t understand). Let’s not react in abject horror. Try to challenge your automatic views around crying. Do you see someone as weak or unprofessional for crying? Why? The fact is, it’s natural for emotions to bubble up and take over. When someone’s upset, the last thing they need is to chuck embarrassment and shame into the mix. Let’s create a space where someone crying at work won’t be judged or dismissed. ‘Only yesterday in one of our meetings some left the meeting in tears about the current situation in Ukraine,’ says Paul. ‘No one thought any less of him and people checked in on him later in the day – good to see.’ Paul tells us: ‘We have “check-ins” at the start of our meetings for people to say how they are feeling today in two to three words.’ Yes, this might feel awkward at first. But making a little time to ask how people are doing shows that you actually care about them as humans, not just cogs in the work machine. If someone is struggling emotionally – whether that’s due to something happening at work or outside of it – give them some space to take a break from their desk and restore their mental wellbeing. ‘It’s a good thing to implement as a work culture habit as it shows appreciation for the person,’ says Paul. We’d add that it makes sense for the business, too. Think about it logically: someone who’s anxious, stressed, and preoccupied with something isn’t going to be delivering the best work. They’ll be far better at their job if they’re given the space to go away, calm their senses, and return when they’re up to it. Paul says: ‘Creating a space for people to have a “time out” is something we have found helpful. ‘There is a small meeting room that we don’t allow anyone to book in our main office – people have permission to go in there just for some space and I have often seen colleague comforting others who might have had a bereavement or difficulties at home.’ We’ll keep repeating this: we have to treat our colleagues as people, not just workers. A big part of that is getting to know their life outside of work. ‘To show compassion at work, ask others how things are going at home, with their children, and so on,’ says Paul. ‘Don’t just restrict your conversations to work topics.’ Don’t panic, you don’t need to get to know the names of everyone’s pets or have an in-depth awareness of their evening routines. Just making a little bit of effort to ask how someone is doing – and giving them space to answer in a way that they’re comfortable with – can make a huge difference. Paul Hargreaves is a speaker, B-Corp Ambassador, and author of The Fourth Bottom Line: Flourishing In The New Era Of Compassionate Leadership out now, priced £14.99. MORE : Signs you’re working in a toxic team – and how to tackle it MORE : Half the population go through the menopause, so why is it seen as so repulsive in the workplace? MORE : How to turn dyslexia into your superpower at work