It’s finally here: St Patrick’s Day – the best day of the year (and no, I’m not biased.) While we don’t get a bank holiday for the greatest day of the year here in the UK, there’s still plenty going on to celebrate. Parades, concerts, wild shamrock sold on street corners, and parties going on until the early hours of the morning, But if you’re a bit of an introvert, don’t really feel like being surrounded by people, or don’t want to have a hangover going in to work on Friday, there are plenty of different ways to celebrate. So, this year consider marking St Patrick’s Day without leaving the comfort of your own bed by watching some of the best Paddy’s Day-themed TV episodes, from The Office to Sabrina The Teenage Witch. The Office – St Patrick’s Day As everybody knows, St Patrick’s Day is ‘the closest that the Irish ever get to Christmas’. So when Michael Scott’s boss (played by the legendary Kathy Bates) tells the staff of Dunder Mifflin they have to work late on Paddy’s, chaos ensues. Featuring a classic Dwight-versus-Jim war, and Michael Scott being, well, Michael Scott, this is always a solid watch on St Patrick’s Day. Sabrina The Teenage Witch – Salem, The Boy Sabrina meets a leprechaun who grants her three wishes, and she uses one of these wishes to transform the sassy cat, Salem, back into a human being. The issue being? Salem is completely evil, of course. Cue human Salem taking over Sabrina’s high school – and eventually, the world. How I Met Your Mother – No Tomorrow Ted and Barney go out in New York City on St Patrick’s Day and fight, steal and lie their way to a good time. And sure, this isn’t really like Ted, but he’s tired of being a nice guy – though he does learn a lesson in the end. Neil Patrick Harris in a green suit climbing out of a pile of bins the next morning is a highlight – and we reckon there’ll be a bit of that on real-life St Patrick’s Day. It’s Always Sunny In Philadelphia – Charlie Catches A Leprechaun Without a doubt the most chaotic St Patrick’s Day episode of any TV show ever. Charlie and Mac decorate Paddy’s Pub with drinkable green paint, Charlie sets up a glue trap to ‘catch a leprechaun’ and Mac travels to the Rainbow, where he comes back suspiciously covered in glitter. Meanwhile, Dennis, Dee and Frank spend the day kidnapping and robbing people who just don’t appreciate the St Patrick’s Day-themed Paddy Wagon experience they’re trying to offer. 30 Rock – St Patrick’s Day Liz Lemon does not like St Patrick’s Day and plans to hole up in her apartment until the most fun day of the year is over (her loss.) A controversial one, maybe – Liz has a general disdain for the Irish and enjoys watching Angela’s Ashes, by far the most depressing movie ever made, just to laugh at it. Still, if you can get over the not-so-sly digs, this episode has plenty of laughs for Paddy’s Day. The Simpsons – Homer vs The 18th Amendment An absolute classic episode of The Simpsons, and easily one of the most quotable. Everyone goes a bit mad at the Springfield St Patrick’s Day parade, leading to Bart getting drunk on live TV and a complete ban on alcohol being introduced in the town. Homer finds a way around it though, becoming the elusive ‘beer baron’ – and Moe opens ‘the best damn pet shop in town!’ Futurama – Luck of the Fryrish If Always Sunny has the most chaotic St Patrick’s Day episode, Futurama has by far the most touching. While not exactly centred around the big day, Luck of the Fryrish delves into Fry’s past, his Irish roots and, most importantly, his rivalry with his brother Yancy. The pair spent years fighting over Fry’s lucky seven-leafed clover, and the accidental time-traveler becomes convinced Yancy stole it when he went missing in the year 2000. This famous episode is one to watch when you’re already feeling a touch emotional and worn out from the parades. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : St Patrick’s Day 2022: Quotes, jokes, Instagram captions, and sayings MORE : St Patrick’s Day 2022: Date, origins, and how it’s usually celebrated 