Comic Relief 2022 has raised an absolutely incredible total of £42,790,147 to help those in need. Donations will go to help those in poverty, as well as to help people in Ukraine and those fleeing the country amid the Russian invasion. The annual TV special for Red Nose Day, which features a host of famous faces, did not disappoint (despite various stars dropping out after contracting Covid-19). Sir Lenny Henry hosted alongside David Tennant, Alesha Dixon and Paddy McGuinness for the big night, with Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders delighting fans as they reprised their roles from The Extras and paid a visit to The Repair Shop’s Jay Blades. Meanwhile, Matt Lucas and David Walliams also caused a stir as they brought back their noughties show Rock Profile. The Little Britain legends transformed into the likes of American pop-star Billie Eilish and Scottish singer Lewis Capaldi, as well as a pairing we never thought we’d see… Lady Gaga and Post Malone. Strictly Come Dancing’s Rose Ayling-Ellis and Giovanni Pernice had the reunion we’ve all been waiting for, while other stars learned how to become opera singers (as you do). We caught up with Rosie Jones ahead of the incredible performance, with the comedian saying the experience was ‘life-changing’ for her. It wasn’t completely smooth sailing though, as various stars dropped out of the big event before it even started due to Covid. Kylie Minogue was due to star in a sketch alongside the cast of Ghosts but had to pull out, while Zoe Ball was meant to join the stars presenting. However, the show very much went on, raising millions for a good cause. Comic Relief 2022 is available on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rosie Jones: ‘I was terrified over Comic Relief opera challenge but it’s absolutely changed my life’ MORE : Zoe Ball becomes latest star drop out Comic Relief last minute due to Covid: ‘Fell at last hurdle’ 