So we’ve had New Year, Chinese New Year, and are approaching astrological New Year (the start of Aries season, the first sign) but did you know you can also create your own personal New Year prediction using numerology? It’s called your personal year number, between one and nine, which predicts the lessons, opportunities, and experiences you may encounter in the calendar year ahead. Figuring yours out could shape how you approach the year ahead – and the good news is, you don’t have to wait for a New Year to make use of the lessons your personal year number can bring. Numerology is the study of the relationships that numbers and letters have with our personality and life events. It’s an ancient metaphysical science(ish) going back thousands of years that has branches and origins across multiple eras, cultures, and continents around the world (which reinforces there’s got to be something in it, right?). Western (or ‘modern’) numerology is the most popular in contemporary times and was created by the Greek philosopher and mathematician Pythagoras (yes, he of the triangle) more than 2,500 years back. The Chaldean system (developed by the Chaldeans of ancient Babylon) is probably the oldest though, and there are other systems including the Kabbalistic, Chinese and Tamil. To calculate your personal year number, add the month and day of your birthdate to the current year. That can be a little tricky to get your head around, so some examples… The personal year number for someone whose birthday is June 1, for the year 2022, is four – one (the day) plus six (the month) plus two, zero, two, and two equals 13, then add one and three together and you get four. If your birthday is February 13, you’d work out your personal year number for 2022 by adding one and three (13, the day), then two (the month), then two, zero, two, and two, which equals 12. Then you add the one and two of 12 to get a number between one and nine, which gives you three. This number reflects the energy and potential of the calendar year 2022. Courageous new beginnings, pursuing new opportunities, reinventing yourself, pioneering activities, going outside of your comfort zone. A great year to take a fresh approach, plan your next 10 year life goals, turn your dreams into real life, get healthy, zoom in on your personal development. Consolidating where you’re at, stabilising and bedding in, living in the moment, savouring the day, being patient if things seem to have slowed down somewhat. A great year to build on the platforms already working well for you, focus on wellbeing, be mindful and meditate, practice self love, prioritise your relationships. Reaping what you’ve sown, getting organised and working hard on your goals, rekindling and reconnecting with friends and family, being creative and expressing yourself, living for today and enjoying your life. This is a great year to entertain, be super social, travel and have a major holiday, write, talk, journal and express your true thoughts. Time to focus and prioritise the things you need to do to make your life better, create structure and good habits, reinforce healthy living, create the foundation for the next chapter of your life and what it’s going to be about. This is a great year to start a family or buy a home, learn something which will form the basis for your career, save money and pay off debt, commit to things which are good for your health and mental wellbeing. Being adventurous, dynamic, flexible and taking advantage of whatever comes your way, breaking away from the status quo and old patterns of behaviour, seeking new horizons. This is a great year to travel, say ‘yes’ to everything, change careers, move home or location, be social and expand your network, go on an adventure, take risks, liberate yourself from obligations you don’t enjoy any longer. Making important sacrifices, putting others first and doing what you can do for them, making family and loved ones your priority, being caring and supportive, focusing on your home. This is a great year to expand your family, adopt a pet, make home improvements, create a garden, get creative with a new hobby, give freely and generously of your time and resources to those you love, build lasting bonds, support your community. Seeking personal insights and self awareness, working on yourself, researching, meditating, trying to find answers for the big questions in your life, looking inwards, looking back, reflecting and ruminating, healing, being spiritual. This is a great year to find a form of spirituality that heals and soothes you, start meditating, improve your overall health and wellbeing, detox, overhaul your health regimes and lifestyle, relax, get to nature, look at holistic treatments, enjoy alone time. Reaping what you’ve sown over the previous seven years and making headway in your material world (work, money, home, health), seeking an optimal work / life balance, taking control of negative or self-limiting beliefs or behaviours that have held you back, starting to come into your own. This is a great year to deal with all outstanding financial issues, progress in your career, manifest goals, overcome bad habits, study, work with the Law of Attraction. The final year of the nine-year cycle. A year of endings and beginnings, achievement and starting over, ebb and flow, bringing long-term goals to fruition and considering where to head next, focusing on what you bring to the world and how you are of service. This is a great year to forgive and forget, move on from all negative roles or relationships, resolve issues, finish off unfinished business, release bad habits, move house, change jobs, clear out all the dead wood and dead weight, prepare for renewal. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How the Spring Equinox will affect your star sign – your horoscope MORE : Feeling insecure? These crystals are claimed to bring you self-confidence MORE : Psychologist shares five signs your relationship is over