A juror in Ghislaine Maxwell’s sex abuse trial who failed to disclose that he was sexually abused as a child testified on Tuesday that he had made an ‘inadvertent mistake’ when he filled out his jury questionnaire form, an admission that could overturn her conviction. During the pre-trial questionnaire the juror indicated that he was not a victim of sexual abuse. But on Tuesday, he testified under oath that he was sexually abused by his stepbrother and his friend when he was nine or 10 years old. The juror, who identified himself as Scotty David, said he was careless on the questionnaire because he never thought he would be picked to sit on the jury with such a large pool of prospective jurors at the courthouse, he said on Tuesday. David told the courthouse why he failed to disclose his past experience in the questionnaire as an ‘inadvertent mistake.’ ‘This is one of the biggest mistakes I have made in my life,’ he said, noting that he ‘flew through’ the document and was ‘super distracted’ by everything going on around him in the jury room. Maxwell was convicted of sex trafficking a minor and four other charges stemming from her role in helping Jeffrey Epstein abuse young girls between 1994 and 2004. She could face up to 65 years in prison upon her sentencing, which is expected to take place later this year unless she is given a new trial due to the juror’s failure to disclose his history. After Maxwell’s conviction in December, David had told reporters that he had shared his own experience of sexual abuse with other jurors after some had questioned the recollections from two of Maxwell’s accusers. His admission immediately prompted Maxwell’s lawyers to demand a retrial, claiming that him sharing his experience could have made them more sympathetic to her accusers and prevented her from receiving a fair trial. Judge Alison Nathan questioned David for about an hour Tuesday. The parties will submit court filings next week, and Nathan will render a decision afterward. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page