In the age of Instagram, YouTube, TikTok and Pinterest, we’re constantly surrounded by beautiful interiors. And we’re always looking for ways to make our homes seem more polished and luxurious – and therefore look and feel more expensive. But the bathroom can be a tricky room to get right. Usually baths and showers are cluttered with shampoo and body wash bottles – which can make the room appear chaotic and messy. However, a person on TikTok has shared a simple way to get your shower area in order. Julie Sousa, a design expert and TikToker, has revealed how to give your bathroom a spa-like and hotel room feel to it. She explains that it’s all about getting rid of those unsightly plastic bottles. Instead, Julia suggests getting refillable glass bottles (with pumps) and popping them on the walls – then simply adding your products to these. To make them look even more aesthetically-pleasing, make sure they are all the same type – to give off a uniform appearance. You can even go the extra mile and label them as well. ‘This will maximise space and give you an elevated look,’ Julia explains in her video. So not only will it look neat and tidy, but you’ll have less things to knock over too. In her clip – which has now received more than 328,000 likes – Julia explains that she uses waterproof Command strips to mount these bottles to the wall. She also suggests using waterproof labels if you’re going down that route. This method could also be a great way to cut down on your single-use plastic bottles, as you could head to a refillable store for your shampoo, conditioner and body wash, or buy a larger five-litre container – like the ones Faith in Nature offer – and fill the glass bottles up. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Struggling to focus working from home? It could be down to your interior choices MORE : Scalloped homeware is everywhere right now – here are our favourite wavy interiors pieces MORE : Interior design awards reveal the UK’s most sought-after homes