Kanye West has apparently found support in another former member of the Kardashian inner circle amid his divorce from Kim Kardashian. The Donda rapper, 44, was spotted out for dinner with Tristan Thompson this week following the release of his controversial music video which features a stop-motion animated version of Kim’s new beau Pete Davidson. Tristan, who shares a daughter with Khloe Kardashian, had been in an on-again off-again relationship with the reality star for a number of years before he was found to have fathered a child with another woman late last year. In January, Tristan, 30, confirmed the results of the test that determined he was the father and issued a grovelling apology to ex Khloe. While the pair are no longer in the Kardashian clan, it appears they have remained friends, as they were spotted out for a meal in Miami. Ye and NBA star Tristan met up at the Ocean Grill beachside restaurant at the prestigious Setai Hotel and appeared to be in good spirits as they enjoyed an apparently wide-ranging discussion. Despite the very public breakdown in his relationship with Kim and his outbursts at Pete, the Stronger rapper, dressed in a Khaki shirt, was seen smiling and laughing with the basketball player. However, one shot shows both Ye and Tristan looking more downcast and staring into the distance; both likely had some difficult discussions about the Kardashian family and their respective relationships with Kim and Khloe. Kim recently won her court request to be declared legally single and restore her maiden name as the divorce proceedings continue. Kanye had objected to this, having made multiple public pleas for them to get back together, and continuously referring to Kim as his wife. The former couple share four children; daughter North, eight, Saint, five, Chicago, four, and Psalm, two. Kanye, whose latest album Donda 2 dropped this week, has faced criticism for his music video for track Easy, with some slamming it as ‘disgusting’. One scene in the dark video features an animation of Saturday Night Live comedian Pete being buried alive by Kanye. ‘God saved me from the crash, just so I can beat Pete Davidson’s ass,’ Kanye is heard rapping as the accompanying video shows him, as a cartoon, dragging what appears to be a restrained Pete with a bag over his head. Perhaps coincidentally, the video was released hours after a judge agreed Kim could be declared legally single as their divorce proceedings trudge on. Meanwhile, Maralee Nichols has revealed the name of her and Tristan’s son, his third child after son Prince, five, with former partner Jordan Craig, and daughter True, four, who he shares with Khloe. She said her son’s name was Theo, meaning ‘gift from God’, after previously being told she would struggle to have children. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian ‘anxious’ after being declared legally single but hopeful for ‘peaceful’ Kanye West divorce MORE : Kanye West slammed over ‘disgusting’ music video burying Kim Kardashian’s boyfriend Pete Davidson alive 