Football legend Gary Lineker has taken to Twitter to troll Piers Morgan and his new Uncensored show. The former Good Morning Britain presenter announced his new TV show on the year anniversary of his notorious storm out of the ITV studio during a row over Meghan Markle with weatherman Alex Beresford. His new talk show, in which he vows to ‘cancel’ cancel culture, is titled Piers Morgan: Uncensored, which the controversial commentator teased with a tweet releasing the trailer, writing: ‘*ANNOUNCEMENT* Trigger warning: I’m back.. and I’m uncensored.’ But Lineker has trolled Morgan, scarcastically writing: ‘Finally, you will be uncensored and we’ll be able to hear your views. ‘I’ve really missed them.’ Morgan often sparks outrage for his outspoken approach in speaking his mind. Despite being fired from ITV and claiming cancel culture has killed his free speech, the 56-year-old has still managed to make his views heard on social media, and as a columnist for The Sun. In the statement announcing his new venture, Morgan said: ‘I’m thrilled to be returning to News Corp. which is where I began my media career more than 30 years ago. Rupert Murdoch has been a constant and fearless champion of free speech and we are going to be building something new and very exciting together. ‘I want my global show to be a fearless forum for lively debate and agenda-setting interviews, and a place that celebrates the right of everyone to have an opinion, and for those opinions to be vigorously examined and challenged.’ Although Morgan spent a large chunk of the year dealing with the fall-out over his remarks made about the Duchess of Sussex, he also spent the last half of the year working on his big comeback. The rant from his final GMB, which currently has over three million views on YouTube, sparked 57,121 complaints to Ofcom, rising above the initial number of 41,000 viewer complaints recorded at the time. However, the backlash he faced didn’t seem to hurt, as he joked: ‘If Meghan Markle’s watching – I’m sure she is – if you want to be my first guest, we have a bit of unfinished business. I’m available.’ Morgan’s TalkTV show, which has yet to release a premiere date, is set to offer ‘a mix of programming from News UK’s stable of household brands’ covering news, sports, entertainment, and current affairs with a sprinkling of opinion and debate. Promoting his brand new-series, the TV star joked: ‘I’ll be a tri-continent irritant which is something I’ve been aspiring to be for quite some time… If you’ve missed me on morning TV, I’m sorry, I’ll be back very soon.’ Piers Morgan Uncensored will premiere this spring on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan skewers Kim Kardashian with sex tape jibe as he leads celebrity backlash over comments on work and success MORE : Piers Morgan tells Arsenal to ‘break the bank’ for Thomas Tuchel amid Chelsea crisis 