Chelsea fans have been told to ‘grow up’ by Arsenal legend Martin Keown after chanting Roman Abramovich’s name despite the Russian billionaire being sanctioned by the government. Abramovich’s UK assets were frozen on Thursday as a result of his alleged links with Russian President Vladimir Putin, who declared war on Ukraine at the end of last month. Some Chelsea fans and pundits have condemned Abramovich following the announcement but his name was nevertheless chanted throughout the 3-1 win at Norwich City on Thursday night. Chelsea fans also chanted Abramovich’s name during a minute’s applause for Ukraine during last weekend’s 4-0 win at Burnley, with manager Thomas Tuchel later criticising the supporters. ‘I think it’s a disgrace,’ former Arsenal and England defender Keown told talkSPORT on Friday. ‘I think it’s an absolutely disgrace when you see what’s happening around the world, the atrocities, the maternity ward that was bombed, there are shocking things we are seeing. ‘It’s about time these Chelsea fans grew up and showed a little bit more respect when they go to these games.’ Simon Jordan, the former Crystal Palace owner, went even further and labelled the Chelsea fans who chanted Abramovich’s name ‘bloody idiots’. He said: ‘It is deeply insensitive, inappropriate and boarding on imbecilic conduct to celebrate someone –  I know why you want to celebrate him because in pure football terms he has elevated Chelsea to a position they would never have got to without his money – but there’s something wrong if you take away the reflection back at what is happening currently in Europe, what is happening to people in Ukraine, and feel any validation or any necessity to celebrate that owner. ‘I think we have to call them out for being bloody idiots. I think they are perfectly informed, but I think they’re ignorant and disrespectful. ‘It reflects incredibly poorly on Chelsea Football Club that a minority of silly fans would want to go away to Norwich City and chant their appreciation of Abramovich.’  The sanctions imposed on Abramovich have halted the Russian’s sale of Chelsea and led to huge uncertainty at Stamford Bridge. The club are now unable to sell any new matchday tickets or merchandise and have been prohibited from making any new signings of agreeing new player contracts. The club shop and hotel at Stamford Bridge have also been closed, while Chelsea’s shirt sponsors Three have suspended a £40m deal with the club and Nike are considering following suit. While Keown was left disappointed by the actions of many Chelsea fans, he praised Blues boss Tuchel for fronting up and discussing the issues around the club and Abramovich’s ownership over the past few weeks. Keown also urged Chelsea to keep hold of former Paris Saint-Germain and Borussia Dortmund manager Tuchel, who has said he will stay in the job but could become the subject of speculation at the end of the season. ‘What I would also like to say is what an ambassador Thomas Tuchel has been for the football club,’ Keown added. ‘He is up front and centre at a time where there is no real representation within the club, he’s out there explaining himself, answering very difficult questions in the media and at the same time doing a great job on the pitch trying to keep his team focussed on winning games of football. ‘I think the players have been tremendously professional. They’ve got on with the job, they’re not eight points clear in third position, they just get on with it. This is a massive change, but they are used to change at that club. ‘But I do feel this is a manager Chelsea needs to hold onto. Whatever is going to come next, this manager needs to stay in charge. ‘I think he’s done an amazing job of holding it together, keeping the results and keeping his players focussed with a backdrop that is very difficult. ‘The owner has gone, that sugar daddy, the financial doping as it was called when he first came in, you think of the trophies they have won with that financial muscle they’ve had behind them, and now it’s gone.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 