Maksim Chmerkovskiy has opened up on his horrific journey from Ukraine to Poland, after fleeing as Russia continued its bombardment on its neighbour. The former Dancing With the Stars professional was in Kyiv filming World of Dance when Putin launched an invasion on the country last Thursday, but he managed to board a train and arrived in Poland on Tuesday following a gruelling journey. Speaking from a hotel room in Warsaw, the 42-year-old star – who was arrested earlier this week before being released – was tearing up as he admitted he is both confused and terrified. Noting he has ‘a lot to unpack’ from what he’d experienced in the days before, Maksim went on to warn, from what he saw on the streets of Ukraine, ‘the war’s just heating up. I keep seeing reports, and they’re gonna get worse’. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live In a lengthy video shared to Instagram overnight, he went on, calling for people to rally together against Russian President Vladimir Putin: ‘I’m scared, I’m confused, I’m terrified and I just lived through some s**t that I’m going to need a lot of therapy for. ‘But I know this: it’s us little guys against the big guy. I don’t care how big [Putin] is. I don’t care how mean he is. When we’re together, I can see what can happen. ‘We can have a little guy finally win and it will be a joint effort and after that, we can all figure out how to make sure that there’s never again one f***ing person, one man, who can do whatever he’s doing.’ Currently, a mobilisation order reportedly stops men aged 18-60 from leaving Ukraine so it is unclear how Maksim was allowed to do so, however the dancer admitted the experience of getting to Poland was ‘like out of a movie’. He said: ‘When the train car got packed and packed and it kept getting more and more packed, I was like, hold on. I’m thinking to myself there’s no air. There’s no way that we can travel [this way].’ And Maksim – who stood at the back of the train so others more in need could have a seat – admitted he feels ‘guilty’ for having escaped the war-stricken region. He said: ‘I thought about it, my guilt. I started to think about this and I came up with this analogy. ‘In ’94, I was put up for adoption and I got adopted by a beautiful, young, vibrant, exciting, forward-thinking country and I fell in love and I left Ukraine in ’94 [as] a sad, sad person because I felt like I was getting unrooted. … I was in this new country. ‘But I turned around and said, “You know what? This is what I’m going to do.” The 14-year-old Maks, with his family and all the love and support that he had, did stuff and here we are.’ Maksim – who has five-year-old son Shai with wife Pete Murgatroyd – had ‘reconnected’ with his native country after years of living in the US and had a ‘very f***ing hard time’ leaving this week. He said: ‘I’m having a horrible time. I’m having very mixed emotions. I have my friends there, my friends in [the] frontline. … I can’t hear from some of the people. I can’t get in touch with them. I don’t know if they’re dead. And that’s a thought I can’t understand.’ MORE : Strictly Come Dancing’s Motsi Mabuse horrified over racial abuse towards Black people at Ukraine border: ‘Don’t forget them’ MORE : Loose Women’s Charlene White hits back at trolls accusing her ‘of playing race card’ in Ukraine border discussion Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.