JK Rowling irked social media users when she slammed a Labour MP after they struggled to be pinned down on the definition of a woman. The Harry Potter author has been criticised for her comments about the trans community in the past, and didn’t hold back on International Women’s Day. Labour’s Shadow Equalities Minister Anneliese Dodds appeared on the BBC’s Woman’s Hour on Tuesday, where she was quizzed by Emma Barnett on ‘Labour’s definition of a woman’. Ms Dodds replied: ‘Well, I have to say that there are different definitions legally around what a woman actually is. I mean, you look at the definition within the Equality Act, and I think it just says someone who is adult and female, I think, but then doesn’t see how you define either of those things. I mean, obviously, that’s then you’ve got the biological definition, legal definition.’ When Barnett pressed her to give a specific definition, the minister replied: ‘Oh, I think with respect, Emma, I think it does depend what the context is surely. I mean surely that is important here. ‘You know, there are people who have decided that they have to make that transition. You know, I’ve spoken with many of them. It’s been a very difficult process for many of those people. And you know, understandably because they live as a woman, you know, they want to be defined as a woman.’ Ms Dodds later tweeted a message for IWD and wrote in the caption: ‘Labour will lift women up, not hold them back. Because we are the party of equality #IWD2022.’ Rowling then hit back: ‘This morning you told the British public you literally can’t define what a woman is. What’s the plan, lift up random objects until you find one that rattles?’ The author also tweeted: ‘Someone please send the Shadow Minister for Equalities a dictionary and a backbone. #HappyInternationalWomensDay. ‘Apparently, under a Labour government, today will become We Who Must Not Be Named Day.’ When one follower suggested this ongoing debate is damaging her legacy, Rowling responded: ‘Yes, sweetheart. I’m staying right here on this hill, defending the right of women and girls to talk about themselves, their bodies and their lives in any way they damn well please. You worry about your legacy, I’ll worry about mine.’ While Rowling received some support from her fans, others called out the writer for her continued stance on the issue, with one critic commenting: ‘Why are you recommending things you don’t possess yourself?’ ‘Are you not embarrassed?’ another asked. One Twitter user weighed in: ‘You still care about terminology and definitions and not about the progressive policies that would help women.’ Another begged her to ‘please stop this’. It comes after Rowling clashed with Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon over the country’s Gender Recognition Reform Bill, which the author argued is a threat to society’s most vulnerable women. Ms Sturgeon, who previously said that concerns regarding the reforms to the gender recognition act are ‘not valid’, said she ‘fundamentally disagreed’ with Rowling’s criticism and insisted ‘the rules haven’t yet changed’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Come Dine with Me contestant spent £600 competing on show and accuses bosses of fixing result: ‘They know who they want to win’ MORE : Molly-Mae Hague ‘overwhelmed’ with PrettyLittleThing workload ahead of fashion week show: ‘There’s a lot of pressure’ 