Ukraine’s first lady Olena Zelenska has entered the global spotlight with a brave post condemning the ongoing horrors in her homeland. Until now, President Zelensky’s wife of nearly 20 years has stayed mostly silent about Vladimir Putin’s war in her normally ‘peaceful’ country. But in an ‘open letter to the global media’ on International Women’s Day, she called on the world to close its skies to Russia. Ms Zelenska said Putin’s propaganda machine may call the invasion a ‘special operation’ but it is really ‘mass murder of Ukrainian civilians’. She said: ‘Perhaps the most terrifying and devastating of this invasion are the child casualties. ‘Eight-year-old Alisa, who died on Okhtyrka street, whose grandfather tried to protect her with his body. ‘Or Polina from Kyiv, who died in the shelling along with her parents. Or 14-year-old Arseniy – in a once peaceful suburb of the capital, a wreck hit the boy in the head, which the ambulance simply could not reach due to heavy shelling. ‘If Russia again claims that it “does not wage war against civilians”, I will list those names first. I testify: our wives and children are now living in bomb shelters and basements. ‘You must have seen the pictures from the Kyiv and Kharkiv subways, where people are lying on the ground with their babies and pets. ‘For some, it’s spectacular footage, but for Ukrainians, it’s been the new horrifying reality for the past week. There are cities where families cannot get out of air raid shelters for several days.’ Ms Zelenska is a professional comedy writer and has two children with Mr Zelensky, Oleksandra, 12, and Cyril, nine. Her whereabouts in Ukraine are currently unknown as her family is a target for Russian forces. It has been widely reported that her husband has already survived three assassinations attempts after both elite Chechen forces and mercenaries linked to the Wagner Group were sent to Kyiv. Her letter goes on to describe life during Putin’s war – how instead of cloudless skies, the first newborn babies see concrete ceilings of basements, and their first breath is ‘the acrid air of the underground’. The first lady added: ‘This war is being waged against the civilian population, and not just through shelling. ‘Some people require intensive care and continuous treatment, which they cannot receive now. How easy is it to inject insulin in the basement? ‘Or to get asthma medication under heavy fire? Not to mention the thousands of cancer patients whose essential access to chemotherapy and radiation treatment have now been indefinitely delayed. ‘Many people, including the elderly, severely ill and those with disabilities, have been debilitatingly cut off, ending up far from their families and without any support. War against these innocent people is a double crime.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.