‘Daddy! You’re wearing your slippers,’ hissed my embarrassed eight-year-old, ‘…at school!’ I’d unknowingly walked the mile to school pick-up in slippers that would make Christmas morning wince. Welcome to life with Covid Brain. The last yards of 2021 were hard. It was another brutal year, but I had begun a new venture that I hoped would get me out of my pandemic-induced debt and I was excited about the possibility of finally spending Christmas with family. And then Omicron came to town, and it didn’t care who’d been naughty or nice. As work parties, school plays and babysitters all cancelled, the clock started ticking against Christmas. On 6 December my eldest daughter got Covid, and I got a dark reminder of homeschooling. She got off lightly, and we counted the days to a negative test result with the disappointment of an advent calendar without chocolates. On 10 December, my youngest daughter got Covid, and the two girls literally high fived their lateral flow tests, in a relay race fashion, as one went back to school and the other came home. But still, I thought we’d make it to Grandma’s for Christmas. But on 16 December, I got a positive test result and started to feel awful, which is how it stayed. All I wanted for Christmas was a negative lateral flow test. But, by Christmas Eve, I admitted defeat and I ordered delivery for me and my daughters’ Christmas lunch. We did make it to my mum’s over the holidays, but I was still drained. So, when I dropped the girls at their mum’s on 2 January, I wanted to make sure I started the new year with the energy I had been lacking. With all the naive optimism of a new notepad, I made lists and goals and tried to hit the ground running. I was hoping to launch the interactive documentary series I’d piloted in 2021, only I didn’t seem to be able to find solid ground at all. I couldn’t find solid anything. That promising new notepad kept disappearing. I would open the fridge to find my phone. I’d walk into the room and couldn’t remember why I was there. For at least six weeks, I felt lost. And the pitches, meetings, investment calls and presentations I’d lined up to catapult my venture into a new year? They fell on their face when I routinely kept missing meetings. And not just any meeting. I had a call with Netflix. I couldn’t have been more excited! But Covid Brain kicked in, and I only realised I’d missed the call an hour after it finished. I called and emailed the executives, apologising profusely and promising not to miss the next meeting if they’d agree to one, and we rearranged the call. Then, only two days later, I missed it again. I needed to pick up my daughter, and Covid Brain could only handle was what was in front of me and the most important call of my week went out of my head. At this point, I had to admit something was wrong. My friends and family worried about me and encouraged me to rest. A few of them sent me links about burnout. They reminded me I’d gone through a divorce before lockdown, lost my income amidst the pandemic and tried launching a new venture in 2021. So I tried to overcome my allergy to ‘self-love’ and looked after myself a bit better. I read up on brain care, subscribed to supplements, insisted on seven hours of sleep, paid attention to brain building foods and tried to give myself time away from fretting about finances. But I’ve had highs and lows before. I’ve been my boss since my teens, and something felt different. Luckily, neuroscience specialist Katherine Templar Lewis – who I’d been working with as the lead scientist and co-presenter on my documentary series – intervened, telling me there were increasing signals that Covid could be the cause of my symptoms. She explained low mood and loss of memory showed up in different studies as after effects, known as Covid Brain. There are two parts to Covid Brain. The first is the cumulative effect of two exhausting years with very little of the energy-giving social connection. Carmine Pariante, professor of biological psychiatry at King’s College London, describes this as akin to ‘the way the brain expresses sadness’. The second is that in hundreds of recently published brain scans, Covid patients’ brain mass shrunk by up to 2%, which explains the well-known loss of smell and the less well-known loss of not feeling like an idiot. Armed with some science and a few facts, I felt a sense of hope and so I doubled down on using some of the skills I’d featured in my own science-backed documentary. The point of my show is to educate and increase something psychologists recently discovered called Uncertainty Tolerance, and it’s a lot more interesting than the gluten allergy it sounds like. Low Uncertainty Tolerance makes you more prone to quick decisions and dislike open-ended situations. You’re also more susceptible to fake news, conspiracy theory and populist politics. High Uncertainty Tolerance makes you more open-minded and more able to spend time with unfamiliar people. You’re also more able to sit with complex problems and puzzles for longer. My documentary stars refugees-turned-CEOs and gang-leaders-turned-business-leaders, and many others who’ve turned uncertainty into opportunity, or what I call ‘uncertainty experts’. And the interactive or learning element of the documentary is now proven to increase my audience’s levels of Uncertainty Tolerance. And this is where my Covid Brain and my work all joined up. Like a stubborn schoolboy, I took my own medicine and undertook the experiments Katherine had designed for our series audience, and as I put myself in the position of our viewers, did the exercises we asked them to do, I felt a Tetris-like click of my thoughts falling back into place. There were three exercises that really made a difference and I still utilise daily. The first was leaning into learning. When things feel like they are falling apart, it’s understandable to want to reach for a duvet. It’s sometimes necessary, but can sometimes compound a feeling of loss of control. What I found fascinating was that in times of uncertainty, anxiety and even panic your brain can enter states of high arousal, where it can become more absorbent. Studies show the brain enters an optimum state for learning when confronted with uncertainty. So when overwhelm kicks in, sometimes it can help to remember this and try not to shut down but instead surf the experience. Next, I learned to take small steps. The right amount of uncertainty is like taking your brain to the gym. But like all workouts, we need to build up muscle gradually, and always stretch after exercise. If your brain has been sluggish, you can push it into high arousal by embracing minor uncertainties. There’s no need to go fully off the map, but even ordering something unusual, watching something outside your normal tastes, taking a different route will exercise and strengthen your curiosity. But start small at first, and soon you’ll feel less fragile in the face of the next crisis. The un-catchiest catchphrase I learned during the scientific research around my new show is something called Meta Cognition. It’s basically thinking about thinking, or more specifically developing an awareness of your own thoughts and thought patterns, so you’re more in control of them, and they’re less in control of you. It sounds complex, but it’s deceptively simple. And, not only is it a great way for relieving the entropy of brain fog by practising reflection, but it’s also a fantastic way to prime your brain for learning, growth and development. Recent research suggests the brain can recover fully from Covid Brain, but I feel like the exercises I’ve taken have been a fast track back to mental fitness. I’m not only on top of my schedule once again (it’s all going well with Netflix, thanks) but I’m ready to turn my attention back to helping others. With over 19m of us in the UK believed to have had Covid so far, that’s a lot of people to help. You can find out more about Sam’s research and learn how to improve your own Uncertainty Tolerance here. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : ‘The pandemic is not over’: Covid hospitalisations are on the rise again MORE : Covid brain is real: Study shows virus shrinks regions of the brain MORE : ‘I can’t concentrate at work’: The realities of post-Covid brain fog