Drivers are being urged to ‘shop around’ to force petrol stations to pass on the 5p cut in fuel duty following reports many are hiking up their prices. Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced the tax break in Wednesday’s Spring Statement to help with the cost of living crisis. The measure was supposed to take effect from 6pm that evening, but furious drivers have claimed forecourts in many parts of the country are charging them the same – and some are even charging more. Meanwhile, the AA reports that petrol prices at the pumps were down just 2.71p per litre on average on Thursday, with diesel only 1.59p cheaper. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said petrol companies should ‘absolutely’ be passing on the savings to customers. He told LBC Radio that drivers should ‘shop around’ so that companies ‘learn that if they don’t pass this on, then they are going to lose business’. He said supermarkets like Tesco, Asda and Morrisons were generally selling fuel cheaper than petrol stations, so ‘consumer pressure’ should be applied. ‘The price of petrol at £1.60, £1.70, is really hitting people hard,’ he told ITV’S Good Morning Britain. ‘I will be speaking to the petrol retailers and asking them to make sure that they pass it (the 5p cut in fuel duty) on. ‘Viewers know, you see big differentials, particularly between the supermarkets and petrol stations, please help us put pressure on them by shopping around as well, and not paying those higher prices, particularly where they fail to pass on this 5p cut. ‘We will be watching very, very carefully and viewers can help.’ Average fuel prices hit a record high on Monday, with petrol at nearly £1.67 a litre and diesel at £1.79. There was already criticism that because of rapidly soaring prices, the cut made little difference and would only take the cost of fuel back to what it was last week. Experts say the fuel duty reduction could only reduce the cost of filling up the average family car – currently about £90 –  by around £3.30 if it’s passed on to drivers. There are widespread reports on social media that fuel prices are still going up, particularly at Esso and Shell stations around the country. One person tweeted: ‘Why, after the 5p cut in fuel duty, have fuel prices not dropped around me, and in two garages the prices have increased?’ Another said: ‘Local Esso station = 164.9 per litre Wednesday 164.9 per litre Thursday 165.9 per litre this morning. So much for Rishi’s 5p reduction in fuel duty- looks like 6p increase in profits.’ The government is facing calls from its own backbenchers to set up a new watchdog to monitor the price of fuel. Tory MP Robert Halfon hit out at ‘greedy and racketeering oil companies’ that are not ‘passing on the savings from falling wholesale oil prices’. He told the Commons: ‘When the international oil price goes high, the prices go up immediately at the pumps, yet when the international prices start falling which they are at the moment, down, it is like a feather approach before it reaches the motorists.’ Mr Sunak and Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng said they have written to major retailers, trade bodies and the supply chain to set out their expectations. A source close to Mr Kwarteng told The Telegraph that the expectation from ministers was for petrol retailers ‘to pass on that 5p cut at the point at which the duty was reduced, at 6pm’. Tesco, Sainsbury’s, Morrisons and Asda said they would lower prices in line with ministers’ demands. But four other big brands – BP, Shell, Esso and Texaco – said they could not guarantee immediate price reductions, because the majority of their forecourts are run by franchisees. Fuel duty is applied at the point that retailers buy fuel, so petrol and diesel at some forecourts will have been purchased at the higher rate. Therefore, although the cut is immediate, it could take several weeks before it feeds through to customers. The Petrol Retailers Association said the government should have backdated the fuel duty cut if it wanted immediate changes at the pump. Howard Cox, founder of Fair Fuel UK, accused petrol retailers of ‘sickening exploitation’. He said: ‘I am furious that the 6p cut in fuel awarded by the Chancellor in most cases is not being passed onto drivers. This is a deliberate ploy by the fuel supply chain to hold onto as much profit as possible. ‘This is sickening exploitation, which this government could check immediately. And that’s why Rishi could have implemented an independent pump pricing watchdog on Thursday at minimal cost to prevent the fuel supply chain continuing to profiteer from the world’s still highest taxed motorists.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 