Roy Keane has warned Mikel Arteta that Arsenal’s progress this season will mean little if Tottenham or Manchester United beat the Gunners to a top-four finish in the Premier League. Arteta’s side have recovered from a dismal start to the campaign to emerge as the favourites to finish fourth behind title rivals Manchester City and Liverpool and third-placed Chelsea. Arsenal sit three points above Tottenham and United and have a game in hand over both of their top-four rivals ahead of their first match back following the international break, a trip to south London to face Patrick Vieira’s Crystal Palace on Monday night. Former Manchester United captain Keane has been impressed by Arsenal’s development this season but says their campaign will still be viewed as a ‘disappointment’ if they drop out of the Champions League places. ‘The next month is going to be vital for Arsenal,’ Keane said on Sky Bet’s Overlap show. ‘The criticism early in the season, they probably didn’t deserve that, but if they finish fifth or sixth, there will still probably be disappointment for Arsenal. ‘That’s the reality. This is the big test for the team over the next two months. For all the plaudits for the last few months, this is crunch time now. ‘Come the end of the season, that’s when you really judge teams. If Arsenal finish sixth, I don’t think Arsenal fans will still be saying, “it’s a great project, we are all behind it”. ‘There will be an element of another disappointment if that happens. The next two months are huge.’ Former Manchester United and England defender Gary Neville, meanwhile, has warned Arsenal that Arteta could decide to leave at the end of the season. He said at the same event: ‘I really like Arteta, I think he’s a brilliant coach. I think the team is fantastic in terms of the young players they’ve got. ‘My concern is if Arsenal finish fourth this season – which to be fair, I think is 50/50, I still think there’s a long way to in that race – but if they finish fourth, that’s in some ways as good as it gets.  ‘You’ve got Pep [Guardiola], [Jurgen] Klopp, Man United, Chelsea. Where can Arsenal go? They’re not going to compete. ‘Mikel Arteta is a brilliant coach, I love that we’re seeing a team that he’s getting the maximum out of, I can see exactly how he wants to play, we all can. ‘But he gets to fourth [and] if he was really hard about it, he’d probably say “right, that’s the best I can do there, I’m going now and getting my next job”.’ On Monday, Arsenal face a Crystal Palace side who have largely impressed under Gunners legend Vieira, sitting mid-table in the Premier League and progressing to the semi-finals of the FA Cup. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 