Pesto giants say they have ‘real concerns’ about a global shortage of the much-loved sauce. Ukraine and Russia are responsible for exporting 60% of the world’s sunflower oil – a key ingredient in pesto. But the conflict means it has become far more expensive. Alternatives such as olive oil, rapeseed oil or even soya oil could now be used to make pesto batches. Olive oil is readily available but is four times more pricey than the humble sunflower oil. And there are concerns whether the ‘distinctive’ pesto taste we all know and love can be replicated. Walter Zanre, CEO of Filippo Berio, warned new alternatives might not meet the high demand. He said: ‘A huge cost implication as olive oil costs approximately four times sunflower oil. ‘There is also real concern that there is insufficient refined olive oil available to meet the demands of the pesto industry.’ The shelf life of pesto could also be impacted due to the change in ingredients. Nick Henderson, of the Belazu brand, said they were still getting sunflower oil but also sourcing European rapeseed oil. He added: ‘However, this has come at a price, with our latest contracts costing up to 65% more than our previous sunflower oil, with global prices remaining very volatile.’ And it’s not just the UK facing a shortage of their favourite foods. In Belgium, the nation’s famed fries are at risk as manufacturers say they have a ‘couple of weeks left’ until they run out of sunflower oil. Christophe Vermeulen, chief executive of Belgapom, said some companies relied on Ukraine for up to 45% of their supply. And in Spain, supermarket bosses limited the number of purchases of sunflower oil to just a few bottles per person. Juan Roig, owner of Spanish supermarket chain Mercadona, warned ‘panic buying’ could make a comeback. He told Reuters: ‘It happened with toilet paper in 2020, now it is happening with sunflower oil or flour. It’s hoarding, nothing more.’ Sunflower oil is also a key ingredient in other household staples such as mayonnaise, baby food and cosmetics. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.