A Russian person has stockpiled McDonald’s burgers after it was announced all locations would temporarily shut in the country. The CEO of McDonald’s said closing the stores is the right thing to do due to the ‘needless human suffering in Ukraine’. There were huge queues on Tuesday as people flocked to get a final bite of their favourite meals from a McDonald’s in Moscow. And now, it has emerged one Russian diner has bought in bulk. A picture shared to Reddit shows a jam-packed fridge with burgers crammed onto every shelf. The caption read ‘McDonald’s is permanently closing in Russia, here is my friend’s stash’. One person commented: ‘Behold… the hoarder pounder.’ Another added: ‘If it’s not for personal consumption, it sure is a good business opportunity to sell stale burgers at a jacked price.’ Another theorised: ‘Could probably leave it on the shelf and it would still be good for months.’ It comes as Russian website Avito was flooded with adverts for the sale of cold burgers, McDonald’s sauces and even packaging. Big Mac Meals – made up of burgers, chips and sides – are currently the most coveted goods and are listed for hundreds of pounds. One seller claimed his meal of a double Big mac, a double royal, two portions of chips, chicken nuggets and mozzarella dippers were ‘still warm’. He had listed the food for £255. Cherry pies are advertised for five thousand rubles – the equivalent to £30. A tiny, single sachet of sauce was even listed for one thousand rubles (around £6.50). McDonald’s said it will continue to pay its 62,000 employees while its Russian locations are closed. In an open letter to employees, McDonald’s president and CEO Chris Kempckinski said closing stores for now is the right thing to do. ‘Our values mean we cannot ignore the needless human suffering unfolding in Ukraine,’ the letter read. ‘The situation is extraordinarily challenging for a global brand like ours, and there are many considerations.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.