Nicola Sturgeon has issued an apology on behalf of the Scottish Government to the thousands of women who were executed for witchcraft between the 16th and 18th centuries. Marking International Women’s Day on Tuesday, the First Minister branded the practice an ‘injustice on a colossal scale’, driven ‘at least in part by misogyny in its most literal sense, hatred of women’. Largely dismissed as superstition in the medieval era, witch hunting exploded across Europe amid intense religious hysteria in the 1500s. Under Mary, Queen of Scots, the Scottish Parliament passed the Witchcraft Act of 1563, which made ‘witchcraft, sorcery and necromancy’ punishable by death. Seeking knowledge of these ‘abominable crafts’ or consulting with a witch also became a capital offence, setting the bar for conviction even lower. The law was not repealed until 1735, by which time an estimated 3,837 people – 84% of whom were women – were tried, with approximately two-thirds convicted and burned at the stake. Scotland’s death toll dwarfed that of England, which passed a similar act in the same year under Elizabeth I demanding the death penalty only in cases ‘whereby any person shall happen to be killed or destroyed’. Speaking in Holyrood, Ms Sturgeon said she wanted to ‘acknowledge that egregious, historic injustice and extend a formal posthumous apology to all those accused, convicted, vilified or executed under the Witchcraft Act 1563. ‘Some will ask why this generation should say sorry for something that happened centuries ago, it might actually be pertinent to ask why it has taken so long.’ The causes of witch hunting remain hotly debated, and the craze largely bypassed many places such as Ireland. But historians widely agree that women were disproportionately at risk when they defied social norms such as getting married – whether by choice or otherwise. Ms Sturgeon continued: ‘At a time when women were not even allowed to speak as witnesses in a court, they were accused and killed, because they were poor, different, vulnerable or, in many cases, just because they were women. ‘Those who met this fate were not witches, they were people, and they were overwhelmingly women.’ ‘For some this is not yet historic, there are parts of our world where even today women and girls face persecution and sometimes death because they have been accused of witchcraft.’ She noted how Holyrood has previously issued a formal apology to men arrested under historical anti-homosexuality laws. A two-year campaign by the Witches of Scotland group has secured support from the SNP administration for a formal pardon of those accused under the Scots witchcraft law. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.