Ukraine’s president summoned the spirit of Winston Churchill during an historic address to the House of Commons and vowed to fight on. Volodymyr Zelensky likened his country’s struggle to Britain’s experience battling Nazism during the Second World War. The president spoke to the House of Commons over video-link from the base in Kyiv he is using to coordinate Ukraine’s resistance to Vladimir Putin’s illegal war. He told parliament: ‘We will continue fighting for our land, whatever the cost. We will fight in the forests, the fields, the shores and in the streets.’ Mr Zelensky said ‘over 50 children have been killed’ during two weeks of brutal fighting and vowed ‘we will fight this to the end’ after delivering an account of the conflict so far to a silent Commons chamber. He added: ‘The question for us now is to be or not to be…this Shakespearean question. ‘For 13 days this question could have been asked but now I can give you a definitive answer. It’s definitely yes, to be. ‘And I would like to remind you the words that the United Kingdom have already heard, which are important again: we will not give up and we will not lose.’ He thanked Boris Johnson for his support but called for the UK to back a no-fly zone and impose more sanctions on the Russian economy. Tomorrow will mark a fortnight since a coordinated series of air strikes across Ukraine heralded the beginning of a full-scale attack which shows no signs of abating. His address comes amid continued efforts to isolate the Kremlin economically and diplomatically, including new announcements from the UK, US and EU on reducing imports of Russian energy products. The first-of-its-kind speech in parliament by Mr Zelensky also comes as anger grows at the British government’s slowness to open asylum routes for Ukrainians fleeing the conflict. MPs and Lords listened to the address in Ukrainian through headsets and greeted Mr Zelensky with rapturous applause. Vadym Prystaiko, Ukraine’s ambassador to London, was also present in the chamber to listen to the president, the first to speak live to the British parliament over video. Mr Johnson and other party leaders rose to thank and praise Mr Zelensky for his brave service. The PM said: ‘Never before in all our centuries of our parliamentary democracy has the House listened to such an address. ‘In a great European capital now within range of Russian guns president Volodymyr Zelensky is standing firm for democracy and for freedom.’ Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said: ‘Invading troops march through his streets, shells rain down on his people, and assassins seek his life. ‘No-one would have blamed him for fleeing but instead, he has stayed in Kyiv to lead the Ukrainian people and to fight.’ Mr Zelensky gave an address to the European Parliament last week during which he reiterated his calls for the West to impose a no-fly zone over Ukraine. Boris Johnson – who speaks to his Ukrainian counterpart on a regular basis – has repeatedly rejected this approach along with other leaders from Nato countries on the grounds it would likely lead to direct confrontation with Russia. On Monday evening, Mr Johnson spoke with US president Joe Biden, French president Emmanuel Macron and German chancellor Olaf Scholz, with the four leaders vowing to ‘continue to apply pressure on Russia to isolate Putin’. Mr Zelensky’s extraordinary rise in the face of Russian aggression has seen his transformation from political outsider to heroic pro-democracy symbol. Until 2019, he was barely known outside Ukraine, where he made his name as an actor, including playing a fictional president in a satirical sitcom. He was elected on a populist anti-corruption tickets less than three years ago and vowed to try and normalise relations with Moscow. Instead, the 44-year-old father-of-two has found himself leading a war effort from a capital city some analysts fear could soon be surrounded by Kremlin forces. MORE : UN worker’s tears on Ukraine border as refugee flow hits 2,000,000 Despite officials close to Mr Putin attempting to spread false rumours he had fled, Mr Zelensky has defiantly remained in Kyiv. He has taunted his enemies by posting a series of videos online, showing him in the presidential palace and even walking the city’s streets. In his latest dispatch – in which he even mustered a wink to the camera – he warned the Kremlin that he is  ‘not hiding’ and ‘not afraid of anyone’. He boldly declared he intends to remain in Kyiv ‘as long as necessary’ and confirmed his team is with him. Mr Zelensky’ is reportedly being targeted by pro-Moscow forces who have been ordered to assassinate him and other government figures. He has previously acknowledged that he is Mr Putin’s ‘number one target’ and Western intelligence agencies have warned key figures associated with the government could be executed if Ukraine’s defence fails. Plots to infiltrate the heavily-fortified heart of the capital have been foiled on a number of occasions, with one source claiming anti-war elements within Russia’s secret service have tipped off Ukrainian leadership. Elite Chechen forces handpicked from the personal force of the republic’s leader were repotedly wiped out during one such attempt. Mercenaries operating under the auspices of the Wagner Group, a private army with close ties to the Kremlin, are said to be embedded in Kyiv but have been unable to get near to the president. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.