The Ukrainian soldier who made headlines for telling a huge Russian warship to ‘go f**k yourself’ after being threatened with bombs was given a medal. A group of 13 troops was reported dead after footage surfaced of them refusing to surrender to Russian fighters as they arrived to take Snake Island on the Black Sea at the end of February. In the video, the captain can be heard saying: ‘This is a Russian warship. I propose you lay down your weapons and surrender to avoid bloodshed and unnecessary victims. ‘Otherwise you will be bombed.’ A male Ukrainian trooper is heard saying ‘So, this is it … Should I tell them to f**k themselves?’ A female comrade responds: ‘Well, just in case.’ The male guard is then heard using a loudspeaker to tell the invaders: ‘Warship, go f**k yourself.’ Although they were originally thought to be dead, it turns out they were actually captured by Russia and released just a few days ago. Roman Gribov – also spelled Hrybov – was one of the troops who returned to his home in the central Ukrainian Cherkasy region. He was awarded a medal yesterday for his service and for showing ‘strength and Ukrainian spirit’. A photo of Mr Gribov was posted on the Ukrainian Defence’s official Twitter page with the caption: ‘Roman Hrybov, the author of the famous “Russian Warship, Go F*** Yourself” phrase, returned from Russian captivity to his native Cherkasy region. Glory to the Hero! #GlorytoUkraine’. Mr Gribov’s return to his home was part of the first prisoner swap between Ukraine and Russia. The eastern European country traded 11 Russian sailors – rescued from a sunken ship near Odessa – for 19 of their own troops, which included Mr Gribov. Russia has also announced it would ‘cut back’ its operation in Kyiv, leading many western officials to suspect a retreat. The decision was announced after seemingly progressive peace talks between the two nations in Turkey. Ukraine is expected to start preparing to fight to regain its occupied land and the UK has already declared its support for this effort. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.