Juan Mata reportedly looks set to leave Manchester United this summer after struggling for minutes under Ralf Rangnick. The Spaniard has made only four appearances this season – none of them coming in the Premier League – and at 33 years of age is considering a new challenge away from Old Trafford. According to The Athletic, several La Liga clubs have already made enquiries about the veteran midfielder but Mata may consider playing in a different country and not in his homeland if he leaves. The Spaniard only agreed a 12-month extension last summer but his eight-year spell in Manchester will come to an end given he still feels he can play at the top level in Europe. Rangnick’s reluctance to give Mata a chance has left some at the club confused given he has been training well and has no fitness concerns. Mata was once again an unused sub as United suffered a humiliating 4-1 defeat to rivals Manchester City on Sunday in which Roy Keane blasted his former side for ‘giving up,’ saying there are five or six players that should never play for the club again. ‘They did give up. For a player in a derby or any game, it’s unforgiveable really,’ Keane told Sky Sports. ‘The beauty of top level sport is that there’s no hiding place. We saw all United’s shortcomings today. ‘There’s ways to lose football matches, but the way United lost it today, they stopped running, gave up. Players not running back, that’s what I don’t understand. ‘The manager will be criticised for the tactics but players not running back when playing for Man United, it’s really unacceptable, it really is. They threw the towel in, it’s shameful. ‘You should play with a bit of pride, it has to kick in at some stage,’ said the former United captain. ‘I forgive mistakes but you have to run back. ‘I could write down five or six players who I think should never play for Man United again. Just shameful, shameful. ‘Subs coming on and you hope they’re going to have an impact but they’re not prepared to run around. A couple of lads in midfield, [Aaron] Wan-Bissaka, Fred, [Harry] Maguire, [Marcus] Rashford came on, I could go on. ‘The old saying of men vs boys. They gave up and shame on them.’ United will look to get back to winning ways and keep their hopes of a top-four finish alive when they face Tottenham on Saturday. MORE : Gary Neville reveals why Manchester United ‘favour’ Erik Ten Hag over Mauricio Pochettino MORE : Cristiano Ronaldo shocked Manchester United squad with decision before Manchester City defeat For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 