Over the past few decades, free-range eggs have grown in popularity, with many consumers now choosing to buy eggs from hens that spend most of their time outdoors, instead of being housed in barns or cages. Several supermarkets have even previously pledged to move away from selling caged eggs altogether, with Sainsbury’s and Morrisons among supermarkets that only sell free-range eggs in their stores. Those who do favour free range may soon find their preferred eggs in short supply however – with supermarkets due to stop selling them on a temporary basis. Just when will free-range eggs become unavailable in the UK, why are they being stopped – and when are they coming back to shelves? Free-range eggs will be unavailable to buy in UK supermarkets from Monday March 21. Instead, consumers who normally buy free-range eggs will be marked as ‘barn eggs’, with signs around supermarkets and shops explaining why the change has been made. The egg boxes will also be stamped with a different code to reflect the change – but it’s thought the eggs will cost the same as free-range in spite of their change in status. Free range eggs will no longer be available in shops due to a devastating outbreak of bird flu on UK farms and among wild birds, which has forced farmers to move their birds indoors in recent months. All birds have ordered to stay indoors in the wake of the HN58 strain, which has led to over 80 outbreaks across the country, resulting in the deaths of thousands of birds. This has led to the government putting measures for ‘disease control zones’ in place, in a bid to stop the outbreaks from spreading further – which has meant bringing birds indoors for the past four months. As a result of this hens will, as of Monday, have been indoors for 16 weeks – the maximum amount of time allowed for normally free-range birds to be kept inside before their status is changed to ‘barn’. A spokesperson for Defra, the Department for Environmental, Food and Rural Affairs, told, The Guardian: ‘The 16-week grace period we allowed for free-range eggs has now been exceeded, and eggs must now be marketed as ‘barn eggs’. ‘We have worked closely with the sector and retailers to implement these changes as smoothly as possible.’ Free-range eggs come from hens which are allowed to roam free outdoors. The rules around free-range vary according to where you are in the world: for example in the EU hens must have continuous daytime access to runs which are mainly covered with vegetation and a maximum stocking density of 2,500 birds per hectare. As a rule, ‘barn eggs’ come from hens who are kept indoors in barns, but are allowed to move around freely within those barns – as opposed to caged hens. According to the British Hen Welfare Trust, these hens have ‘a solid (usually earth) floor and access to nest boxes’. Although there’s no date for this, it’s hoped the regulations will be lifted in the coming months, as the weather becomes warmer – hopefully leading to bird flu outbreaks tailing off. It was hoped the rule could have been lifted as soon as this week, but authorities have been unable to do so as there have been fresh outbreaks of the disease. Defra has said that while the risk in some areas is medium, it becomes ‘high’ in ‘areas where there are substantial biosecurity breaches’. MORE : Utter tragedy for man served beef and veg Greggs pasty with no filling Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below