Girls have been protesting in Afghanistan after the Taliban backtracked on a promise to let them return to secondary school. Dozens of demonstrators were filmed taking to the streets in Kabul, demanding their right to an education. Girls above year six have been barred from the classroom since the militants seized power in August – while boys’ schools have stayed open in most of the country. The education ministry initially said schoolgirls would be able to return at the start of the new academic year on Wednesday. But the Taliban suddenly reversed the decision, leaving girls who had been excited to resume their studies in tears as they were sent home. Taliban officials said schools would reopen once a verdict has been reached on a uniform for female students in line with ‘Sharia law and Afghan tradition’. Critics say it’s another ‘excuse’ for the Taliban to keep girls out of education and placate their hardline base. At Mawlana Jalaluddin Mohammad Balkhi school in Kabul, students turned up for class only to be dismissed after the teacher began the register. One 17-year-old girl who dreamt of going to university said she now feels ‘hopeless’. ‘We were told this is not our school anymore,’ she said. ‘They broke our hearts,’ her 18-year-old sister said. ‘We have nothing else to do at home. ‘Other Islamic countries allow their boys and girls to be educated and that is why they are able to progress.’ The last time they were in power, the Taliban banned girls from school and most women from work. Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai, who was shot by the Taliban while campaigning for girls’ education, said it was ‘heartbreaking’. She said the Taliban would ‘keep finding excuses’ to stop girls from learning – and claimed they were ‘afraid of educated girls and empowered women’. Many people were sceptical when the Taliban announced their plan to allow girls to return to school, she said. ‘The Afghanistan the Taliban are envisioning is one where girls do not receive their education, where they never go higher than primary schools’, she told the BBC. ‘That is an Afghanistan where we do not have educated women, where half of the population are held back – and I don’t think that Afghanistan will see the peace and progress it deserves.’ The United States abruptly cancelled meetings with the Taliban in Qatar following the move, officials said on Friday. The talks were set to address economic issues. Afghanistan is facing a devastating economic crisis – 95% of the population are going hungry, according to the UN. The international community has told the Taliban it must grant women and girls the right to education in order to unlock foreign aid. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.