Residents of an east London tower block said they had complained about the fire alarms and ‘stay put’ policy before a major blaze broke out. Dozens of people were evacuated from the Relay Building in Whitechapel High Street as 125 firefighters tackled the fire in a 17th-floor flat yesterday. Footage showed bright orange flames pouring out of the building and debris falling off the side. One woman was trapped by the blaze and was rescued by firefighters who gave her a fire escape hood. The London Fire Brigade also took one patient to hospital and crews checked a small number of people at the scene. A number of residents later said they could not hear any fire alarms sounding on their floors during the incident and were alerted by word of mouth. Andrew Meikle, 58, who has lived in the 22-storey building for five years, said the residents had complained several times about both the alarms and the ‘stay put’ policy to the three different companies that manage the building – John D Wood, Network Homes and Rendall and Rittner. He said: ‘There have been complaints about fire alarms, the “stay put” policy and the high risk of fires on the wooden balconies, and guess what was burning today? The wooden balconies.’ ‘Someone needs to go to jail for this,’ he added. He added that with three different companies managing different parts of the building, there was a ‘scrambled’ chain of communication when it comes to their complaints. Mr Meikle said there had been previous small fires including one in December where the fire alarms were also not heard. ‘When the “stay put” policy fails, alarms should be put in to tell people to get out,’ he said. ‘Why is someone running around banging on doors saying “get out, get out get out” or a WhatsApp group telling the residents that there is a fire, the evacuation process we had?’ Younus Hussein, 61, who lives on the seventh floor, said he also did not hear any alarm. ‘If I did not hear the persistent knocks of my neighbours, I would probably still be asleep,’ he said. He added there are ‘consistent problems’ with flooding and alarms, and he’s had no electricity in his bathroom for eight weeks. ‘I’m a widower, I live of my own, I’m asthmatic. It is a f****** disaster. I had to lose work today, they are not going to pay me for the fire.’ Lynn Ling, a London School of Economics student from China, who lives on the 20th floor with her husband Yuri, said the whole incident has been ‘very scary’. Ms Ling was wearing a silver security blanket because she forgot her coat in the scramble to evacuate, and said she was alerted to the fire by a friend who FaceTimed her from the street at about 4.30pm. She said: ‘I did not hear an alarm. I think there was a fire alarm on the ground floor but I could not hear it clearly on the 20th. I went out of my door but I found there was smoke in the corridor so I went downstairs.’ She added that a fireman on the 19th floor was knocking on people’s doors telling them to leave. Speaking to residents gathered outside, Tower Hamlets borough commander Richard Tapp said the building was ‘structurally sound’. He said the fire was ‘all but extinguished’ but debris like glass was still unstable. Network Homes, John D Wood and Rendall and Rittner have been contacted for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.