Celebrity chef Delia Smith has come under fire for an ‘inappropriate’ question asked to Lorraine Kelly. The chef, 80, finished her segment on ITV’s Lorraine by asking the TV host about the yellow and turquoise cushions behind her. Instead of linking the colours to the Ukrainian flag, Delia assumed the colours represented Norwich football club. ‘Can I just ask you one question,’ began Delia. ‘You’ve got a green cushion and a yellow cushion, is that because it’s Norwich city colours?’ Lorraine replied: ‘It is Norwich city colours and it is also a little, subtle tribute to the people of Ukraine also. ‘But it was just for you Delia,’ Lorraine quipped. Viewers were not impressed by Delia’s insensitive question, with one saying: ‘Maybe it’s just me but I found the whole Delia Smith section slightly inappropriate given what’s going on in the world, and then the cushion comment.’ Another added: ‘Bet Delia feels like a right c*nt now after the cushion question.’ A third wrote: ‘Yeah Delia it’s all about you never mind there’s a war on and people are dying.’ Earlier in the show, Lorraine had spoken to a mother and her child who had fled Ukraine and a Ukrainian singer who had performed with President Zelensky on Ukraine’s Dancing With The Stars. Lorraine is amongst many celebrities and TV personalities who have shared solidarity with Ukraine, as the country enters its sixth day of fighting. Yesterday, President Zelensky received a standing ovation from EU lawmakers after delivering an impassioned speech urging them to ‘prove that you are with us’. The Ukrainian president’s rallying cry brought members of the European Parliament, many wearing t-shirts emblazoned with #standwithUkraine or wearing blue and yellow ribbons, to their feet. Zelensky bravely declared: ‘Nobody is going to break us. We are strong. We are Ukrainians.’ Zelensky recently also thanked the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge for their support for their public support of Ukraine. Prince William and Kate Middleton took to Twitter to recall the ‘privilege’ of meeting the country’s leader and the First Lady to ‘learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine’s future’. ‘Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine’s people as they bravely fight for that future’, they posted in a rare political statement. The couple signed off with their initials in an indication they had personally phrased the message. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lorraine Kelly calls Matt Hancock a ‘pound shop milk tray man’ over appearance on Steven Bartlett podcast: ‘I don’t know what he’s come as’ MORE : Lorraine Kelly blasts Vladimir Putin amid Russia’s attack on Ukraine and says he has a ‘face like a melted candle’ 