The news agenda has been difficult for all of us to digest over the last few years, with a pandemic, almost apocalyptic weather and now war in Ukraine that will impact us all. As adults, we have experienced a great deal of anxiety and confusion over what has been happening; so imagine what it is like for children. The news, and the way we discuss and react to it, has a knock-on effect on how children feel and also what they may fear. So it is important that we take time to discuss events with them, ensuring that they separate fact from fiction and encouraging them to talk about their feelings. Politics and war are examples of topics that we can’t possibly expect young children to understand, so it is important that we make it manageable and discuss it in a way that can dilute any fears while still being honest. So how can we guide children in the best way as caregivers? We have a 24-hour news culture now, where TV channels constantly update and repeat stories, particularly ones that have direct effects on families, such as the cost of living increases and Covid restrictions. Children will be able to access it all. You can’t escape news online and chat will inevitable be raised on the playground, in classrooms and among friendship groups. What is most important is not explaining what you think they should know but instead focus on what children want to know, being guided by their questions and fears. Ask your child what they have seen and what they want to know. Let your child lead and make sure you don’t add information that they don’t show an interest in. Honesty, reassurance and being straight to the point is the key. Lying to children about what’s going on in the world might seem like an easy out – but it’ll do more harm in the long run. If you don’t know the answer to a question, why not take steps to discover the answer together? Look through age-appropriate sites and for older children, discuss how you as a family can make any changes, as well as how the country and community could work together to help solve it. This is particularly useful on topics such as climate change and use of energy. After a tragic event which may upset children, offer comfort and validate their right to be upset. Look for news stories that highlight what other people are doing and anything positive which may help counteract or add new context to what they have read. Be straight to the point. The main aim is not to try and get them to understand everything but to help calm any fears and anxieties. Ensure you focus on approaches which allow a positive approach to change; otherwise, with any age group, it remains best to answer questions and give only relevant information in a concise and calm, supportive way. We should encourage our children to approach us, share their thoughts and queries and not dismiss their curiosities as something they will only ‘understand when they are older’. This can make children feel isolated from the family and lead them to draw their own, misguided conclusions from what they see, read and hear. It is important to create an atmosphere of approachability. Urge teens to look beyond a news story, helping them to identify fake news and to not necessarily believe everything they read and hear instantly. As we all know, there are a lot of outlets, individuals and pages that spread disinformation. Discussing this with older children is a good step. Look at your own behaviour. You may be anxious and worried – children will pick this up. Try to maintain calm and if you do have a panic about the news, keep it away from the kids. You are their safety and strength. Broaden the discussion from a specific news item about a difficult event to a larger conversation about the topic in general. If talking about the climate crisis, highlight what can be changed and remind of the fact that there are those out there handling it well. Use it as a way to talk about helping, cooperation, and the ways that people cope with hardship. Introduce positive stories and insist that they and the family are safe. An example would be that many children may have thought that planes regularly crash into buildings after 9/11. It’s important to offer that reassurance and also avoid any unnecessarily graphic details. Introduce topics that will influence news stories, such as racism, gender equality, feminism, and gender identity. Talking to your kids about these items and having an in-depth discussion will encourage them to continue at a later date when they hear about a relevant news topic. Not only that, but it will increase and broaden their understanding of topics that will directly affect them as they grow older. Monitor how much news is appropriate for your child to consume – if they’re become distressed, it might be time to add some limits. Every child is different and you as parents know them best and how much they can handle. When discussing news with your child, always check for signs that they might be worrying and offer reassurance. If there are negative reactions to what they are hearing, it might be better to re-evaluate the approach and add focus and context with more positive angles. Also check for their understanding, ensuring they have the opportunity to ask you for more or give their thoughts. Talking about the news is imperative, as is honesty and sticking directly to concise facts. But most important is to offer reassurance, reduce fears and give comfort when upset, letting your child know they are safe and they can approach you about anything. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to talk to children about what’s happening in Ukraine and World War Three anxiety MORE : Parenting coach shares simple trick to stop yelling at your kids MORE : It’s depressing that this even needs saying: Parents of trans children are not abusers