Rio Ferdinand insists Manchester United face a ‘massive’ dilemma as they prepare to hire a new manager and says the appointment must ‘change everything at the club’. It was widely reported on Wednesday that United had spoken to Ajax boss Erik ten Hag about their vacant manager’s job. Ralf Rangnick has been in the role on an interim basis since Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s sacking in November, but is expected to move into a consultancy position at Old Trafford at the end of the season and relinquish control of the team. United have expressed interest in Ten Hag, who has led Ajax to two Eredivisie titles and two KNVB Cups since his appointment in December 2017. Paris Saint-Germain boss Mauricio Pochettino, who spent five years at Manchester United’s Premier League rivals Tottenham, has also been linked with the Old Trafford club. Ferdinand says United fans must ‘support’ Ten Hag if he is selected as the club’s next manager but has warned his former club that this is an appointment that they cannot afford to get wrong. ‘It looks like Manchester United are making a move in the management area and talking to people,’ Ferdinand said on the Vibe with Five YouTube channel. ‘Erik ten Hag is on that list, Mauricio Pochettino as well. Listen, if it is Ten Hag then we’ve got to support him. But it’s a big decision man. ‘This is the one that changes everything at the club right now. This is the one that has to be the driver to the route to success, sustained success, to get the club to challenge again. ‘It’s a huge decision man. This is a massive, massive appointment because we’ve been in a bad situation for far too long now. ‘It’s about the culture of the club. You need someone who can put the right culture in place.’ Speaking earlier this week, fellow Manchester United legend Gary Neville revealed he favours Pochettino over Ten Hag. ‘Personally I would go for Pochettino but Ten Hag is the massive favourite of United fans to take the club forward,’ Neville said on social media. ‘That’s if it is a clear choice between those two.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 