Protesters led by Sisters Uncut set off 1,000 rape alarms in London’s West End to mark the first anniversary of the vigil for Sarah Everard. The Metropolitan Police faced heavy criticism for their handling of the event in Clapham last year, when male officers manhandled female protesters demonstrating against male violence towards women following Sarah’s murder at the hands of a serving Met officer. On Saturday evening, as activists marched from Scotland Yard to Charing Cross police station, they blocked traffic, released bright blue smoke flares, and chanted ‘our streets’. In a video posted on Twitter, the deafening, siren-like sound blasted outside the station, which the group described as ‘the centre of the Met’s misogyny controversy’ this year. It comes after a damning report from the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) released in February outlined a series of serious allegations against officers at that police station. Claims included a police officer assaulting his partner, officers having sex while on duty, racist and sexist WhatsApp texts declaring ‘I would happily rape you’ and ‘if I was single I would happily chloroform you’. Sisters Uncut member Olga Smith said: ‘When we found out about Sarah’s disappearance at the hands of a serving cop, we asked the police, how will you keep us safe? ‘And the police said: stay home. Stay hidden. Carry a rape alarm. When we refused to hide away, when we gathered in grief and anger at Clapham Common to mourn our sister, Sarah Everard, the police brutalised us. ‘Today we say: police are the perpetrators. Police don’t keep us safe. ‘That is why have thrown our rape alarms back at the perpetrators in the infamous Charing Cross police station.’ Revisiting advice given following Ms Everard’s murder, activist Jill Mountford, 61, also insisted that women ‘should never, ever be told again that the answer is to carry a rape alarm’. She added: ‘First of all, they (the government) need to stop the cuts that are happening to local authorities, to street safety, to women’s safety. ‘We should never, ever be told again that the answer is to carry a rape alarm or to stay indoors. ‘The answer doesn’t lie with us, it lies with men in society, it lies with the Government and the cops and the police particularly.’ Patsy Stevenson, who was pushed forcibly to the ground by officers at the impromptu vigil 12 months ago and handcuffed, also attended the demonstration. At the time, the manner of her arrest was condemned by politicians across the political spectrum,  with Home Secretary Priti Patel setting up an inquiry into how the Met handled the service. ‘I was arrested on the floor for putting down a candle’, Ms Stevenson said, before shouting ‘shame on you’ to police officers. When asked how the Met can restore public trust, she said: ‘First thing is accountability, holding your hands up and admitting you’ve done something wrong. ‘Secondly they need to understand there needs to be radical change from the whole of the policing system. ‘At the moment we don’t even need police, and that’s not how it should be.’ Wiping away tears as she spoke to the crowd, Ms Stevenson said Ms Patel should resign next. Saturday’s protest comes just days after the High Court ruled the Met breached the rights of organisers from Reclaim These Streets (RTS) over their planned vigil for Ms Everard in a high-profile David and Goliath legal battle. They had approached the force to find a way to hold the event in south-west London at a time when the capital was subject to strict Covid-19 restrictions. Instead of support, they were threatened with £10,000 fines and criminal prosecution. Sister Uncut’s action also marks the one-year anniversary of the Kill the Bill movement, which has seen thousands of people protest the introduction of expanded policing powers in the Policing, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Bill. If passed, it would give police greater powers to control protests by imposing start and finishing times, setting limits on noise, and fining protesters who break rules up to £2,500. The Bill is opposed by Labour and the Liberal Democrats in its current form. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.