The Wanted’s Tom Parker has died at the age of 33 after battling a stage four glioblastoma brain tumour for almost two years. The pop star and father of two was diagnosed with an incurable brain tumour in 2020. His wife, Kelsey Parker, confirmed on Instagram that Parker had died today, March 30. She said: ‘It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side. ‘Our hearts are broken. ‘Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. ‘Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout. He fought until the very end.’ ‘We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children.’ ‘Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout. He fought until the very end.’ Last year, Parker revealed that the tumour was stable after having an MRI scan, and recently underwent special treatment at a clinic in the Costa Del Sol, Spain, where fees are £8,000 for two weeks, or £11.6k for a three-week programme. Life expectancy for those diagnosed with a glioblastoma is around 12 to 18 months, according to the Brain Tumour Research charity. Parker had detailed his battle with brain cancer in a documentary and via social media, telling his fans that it had been brought ‘under control’ in November 2021.He had announced last week that he was writing a book about his battle, which is due to be released in July. The dad-of-two told fans: ‘Hi, I’m Tom Parker, a lot of you know me as one fifth of The Wanted, but I am also a father, a husband, and a son, that’s battling brain cancer. ‘My book, coming this July, is not about dying: It’s a book about living. It’s a book about finding hope in whatever situation you’re dealt, and living your best life no matter what. ‘It will show you how having faith in hope and daring to dream means you can carry on, against all odds.’ Despite his ongoing treatment, Tom made a great effort to join his Wanted bandmates – Max George, Nathan Sykes, Jay McGuinness and Siva Kaneswaran – on their UK tour this month. In a joint statement shared on social media, the band expressed their devastation over their loss after news of Parker’s death was announced. They told fans: ‘Max, Jay, Siva, Nathan and the whole Wanted family are devastated by the tragic and premature loss of our bandmate Tom Parker, who passed away peacefully at lunchtime today surrounded by his family and his band mates. ‘Tom was an amazing husband to Kelsey, and father to Aurelia and Bodhi. He was our brother, words can’t express the loss and sadness we feel. Always and forever in our hearts.’ Kaneswaran added: ‘Hey Tom, hope you’re having a blast up there. I am so grateful that I had a chance to witness your true courage. It has been a pleasure of my life Tommy Boy. ‘Thank you for letting us see you light up the world. Talk to you soon and see you later. Love you brother x.’ Parker and The Wanted had initially reunited for a one-off fundraising show last year, but announced that they would be doing a tour of the UK this year. The band had performed several dates, with Parker most recently appearing on stage in a wheelchair. In his Channel 4 documentary, In My Head, which aired last year, Parker revealed: ‘I don’t want people to treat me different just because I’ve got something, I think that was always on my mind.’ He continued: ‘I do feel like I’m in a much stronger place, but it’s so hard to think about the future.’ Parker had appeared at several shows using a wheelchair and remained in great spirits, often posing with his bandmates in social media posts. He leaves behind his two children with wife Kelsey, daughter Aurelia, two, and son Bodhi, one. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. For more stories like this, check our entertainment page. Follow Metro.co.uk Entertainment on Twitter and Facebook for the latest celeb and entertainment updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : The Wanted’s Tom Parker releasing book about heartbreaking cancer battle but insists it’s ‘not about dying’ MORE : The Wanted ‘can’t express their loss and sadness’ as they lead tributes to Tom Parker after death aged 33