Rest assured, Londoners – the property market isn’t a mess only in the capital. In Bath, home-hunters may share the same groans of despair as they scroll through Zoopla and Rightmove to gaze at flats they can’t afford. And perhaps all the more so when they see this place, which, while pretty lovely aesthetically, has one slight drawback. The flat, on the market for £260,000, looks like a solid option at first. When you enter, you’re greeted by a light and airy living room, complete with some nice arched coves. Also on this level sits a kitchen, a bathroom, and a bedroom, which has a sweet window seat atop of hidden storage. Now, if you left it at that, this property would look pretty great. And to be fair to the estate agents, they have listed the place as a one-bedroom flat, so they’re not pretending that the flat could be livable for you and a lodger. What confuses matters slightly is the mezzanine area. As we say, the estate agents don’t make any reference to this area as a bedroom (perhaps because legally, they can’t). But when you look in the photos, there’s a bed in that section. This is where the bafflement begins. You see, the presence of a bed might make you think that this is a sleeping area – and indeed it could be used as such. But then you notice that the bed seems to be placed directly on the floor, with no bed frame. Then you spot that the ceilings seem a bit low. Then it all falls into place: Yes, you could sleep in this bit, but you couldn’t stand up. There’s a TV in this space in the listing photos, so perhaps it’s being suggested that the ‘bonus mezzanine’ could be used as a sort of home cinema. You’d need to be comfortable clambering up a ladder and crawling on the carpet to get to the cosy spot, though – and we don’t think it’d be very comfortable for anyone tall. Also in this space is a large mirror, placed directly opposite the ladder, so you can be surprised by your own face as you ascend. Perhaps it could serve as a second bedroom for your pal who likes wriggling across the floor like a worm, or as your cat’s very own boudoir (if they can make it up the ladder in the kitchen). The Rightmove listing describes the property as ‘beautifully presented’ and notes its ‘period charm’. The listing reads: ‘This beautifully presented apartment is situated on the first floor of a grade II listed townhouse in central Bath. ‘The home retains much of its period charm with high ceilings, period cornicing, tall sash windows with seating and fireplace. ‘As an extra bonus there is also a mezzanine area.’ If you fancy putting in an offer or hanging out in that much-discussed mezzanine yourself, you can find out more information through Rightmove. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What I Own: PR director Hannah, who bought a £471,000 property in suburbs of Brighton and has since added value MORE : Secret ‘Tardis’ cottage hidden between two houses goes on sale for £109,000 MORE : What I Rent: Assia and Jack, £925 a month for a room in a nine-bedroom shared house in Clapton, London