Russia has blocked access to Facebook to its 146million citizens, accusing the US-based social media platform of discriminating against its state media. Facebook was completely blocked on the ninth day of the war on Ukraine due to 26 ‘cases of discrimination against Russian media and information resources’ since October 2020, Russia’s communications regulator Roskomnadzor claimed on Friday. ‘In recent days, the social network has restricted access to accounts: the Zvezda TV channel, the RIA Novosti news agency, Sputnik, Russia Today, the Lenta.ru and gazeta.ru,’ the regulator said. ‘The above restrictions are prohibited by federal law.’ The complete block comes a week after Russia limited access to Facebook for refusing to stop fact-checking and labeling content from state-owned media. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Sir Nick Clegg, vice president of global affairs at Meta which owns Facebook, said the company is working to restore service in Russia. ‘Soon, millions of people will find themselves cut off from reliable information, deprived of their everyday ways of connecting with family and friends and silenced from speaking out,’ Clegg stated. ‘We will continue to do everything we can to restore our services so they remain available to people to safely and securely express themselves and organize for action.’ Asked about Russia’s block on Facebook, White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki said it is part of the country’s effort ‘to cut off a range of information from their public’. ‘We’re deeply concerned about this and concerned about the threat to freedom of speech in their country,’ she said on Friday afternoon. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has not commented specifically on Russia’s block, but has used Facebook to provide updates and share videos on the the war and to urge that it end. Russia has already shuttered several independent media outlets and also put limits on Twitter. Breaking story, check back for updates…