Tammy Slaton was a whole mood as she danced away to Lizzo in a new video. The TLC star, who fronts 1000Lb Sisters with sibling Amy Slaton, is currently in a food rehabilitation center in a bid to lose weight and get healthier. She has already lost 115lbs in just 30 days after a terrifying health scare, and is working hard on her transformation. Taking to TikTok, the 35-year-old shared a clip of herself lip-syncing to Truth Hurts for the camera, donning a camouflage vest with a tube that appeared to be connected to her neck. Fans couldn’t help but heap praise on her ‘confidence’ in the comments section below. A follower penned: ‘Love seeing that confidence on you!!!!!’ ‘Tammy you look so pretty and you seem very happy,’ another replied. ‘Omg! You look awesome. Keep it up girl. I think most women can relate to this song. Good choice,’ a TikTok user agreed. ‘Go Tammy! Keep up the great work! Excited for next season,’ a fan said. As a viewer cheered: ‘Tammy you look SO Much Happier. Your obviously working on you [sic].’ Tammy recently returned to a weight loss facility to continue her transformation after being rushed to hospital. She was placed on a ventilator after she stopped breathing, with doctors informing her loved ones that her body was ‘shutting down’. The scenes aired in the finale of 1000Lb Sisters season three, which aired earlier this year, and saw her loved ones gathering in hospital and facing ‘making funeral arrangements’ for their sibling. Thankfully, she woke up soon after and has been improving ever since. After being asked for a weight loss update on TikTok earlier this week, she declared that things are looking up. ‘I’d love to give you a weight loss update but you’ll have to wait until season four comes out. Sorry,’ she added. ‘Just know that I’m staying on track and everything is looking up!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BTS’s Jungkook graduates from university with prestigious President’s award proving there’s nothing he can’t do MORE : Shaken TV reporter forced to duck for cover as massive blasts nearby light up Kyiv sky: ‘What the hell was that?’ 