Ukraine claims to have shot down a Russian military helicopter. Dramatic footage shows the aircraft bursting into flames as it tumbled out of the sky and crashed onto what looked like farmland. The Ukrainian defence ministry shared the clip on social media on Saturday, claiming its troops had brought the helicopter down. In a different video, Ukrainians can be heard cheering as a ‘Russian jet’ falls from the ski in Chernihiv, in northern parts of the country. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Russia and Ukraine were supposed to be abiding by a ceasefire – to let citizens escape the violence in the country – but the deal fell apart after Russian troops were accused of violating it. Mariupol’s deputy mayor told the BBC: ‘The Russians are continuing to bomb us and use artillery. It is crazy. ‘There is no ceasefire in Mariupol and there is no ceasefire all along the route. Our civilians are ready to escape but they cannot escape under shelling.’ It comes as President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has pleaded with the west to impose a no-fly zone over Ukraine – banning military aircraft from flying over the country and therefore making it impossible to drop bombs. But no-fly zones require enforcing and Nato is worried that doing this would drag the whole of Europe into the war. The UK, US, Canada, and the EU have already banned commercial flights from their own airspaces, essentially cutting Russia off from the rest of the world. Ukrainian activist Daria Kaleniuk took aim at Boris Johnson on Tuesday, coming close to tears as she asked the Prime Minister to intervene more. She said: ‘Ukrainian people are desperately asking for the West to protect our sky. ‘We are asking for the no-fly zone, and you say in response it will trigger World War III. But what is the alternative Mr Prime Minister? To observe? ‘Our children, instead of planes are protecting Nato from missiles and bombs.’ British nationals who are still in Russia have been told they should leave if it is not essential they stay in the country. The Foreign Office said it may not be possible to fly directly to the UK or even to EU countries, but that travelling via the Middle East or Turkey may be possible. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.