Gatwick Airport has reopened its South Terminal after shutting during the pandemic nearly two years ago. The number of flights leaving the airport has almost doubled, from 300 to 570. It’s the equivalent of a medium-sized airport opening overnight, with thousands more passengers expected to take to the skies this summer. Chief executive Stewart Wingate said 80,000 passengers are travelling through the airport today, and it will reach ‘well over 150,000 per day’ by July. ‘We’ve had a lot of restrictions over the last two years associated with the pandemic,’ he said. ‘The good news is, as we stand here today, coming back into the UK there’s no passenger locator form, there’s no requirement to test, so it’s actually very similar to how it was pre the pandemic to travel through the airports. ‘We’re going to ramp up very, very quickly over the next two or three weeks and we’ll be busy throughout the summer period and very close to the 2019 volume levels. ‘There’s absolutely no question that there’s strong demand, we know that by talking with our airlines. ‘It’s pent-up demand, people who haven’t been able to travel now really want to travel.’ The terminal has lain dormant since June 15 2020 to reduce costs during the pandemic. Shops, cafes and other facilities have undergone months of refurbishment, updating and cleaning ahead of the reopening. British Airways, Wizz Air and Vueling are among the airlines switching their operations from the north to the south terminal between Sunday and Tuesday. One passenger, who was on their way to Madrid in Spain via the south terminal on Sunday morning, said: ‘I’m excited to finally travel again, I think it’s a good thing the terminal is opening up. ‘People will want to travel, there’s been too many camping holidays over the past few years. I’m sure everyone just wants sun and different culture.’ Other early flights leaving from the reopened terminal were bound for Naples in Italy, Oslo in Norway and the Spanish island of Majorca. Gatwick advised passengers to check which terminal their flight is departing from before heading to the airport. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.