A new documentary is set to expose an American megachurch that was a hotspot for Christian celebrities including Justin Bieber. After his early rise to fame, Bieber turned to Hillsong New York City (the first American branch of the Australian megachurch) and its senior pastor and co-founder Carl Lentz. He wasn’t the only one to do so, as the church famously helped the likes of Chris Pratt and Selena Gomez too, and Hillsong even had its own record label. However, the new documentary will reveal accusations of abuse, dodgy finances and poor working conditions at the church as well as explore the downfall of Lentz. This comes after the church has been under intense scrutiny in recent years, with celebrities like Elliot Page calling out the ‘infamously anti-LGBTQ’ institution. Lentz is reported to have been a strong advocate of ‘purity culture’ which sees women pledge to their fathers that they would refrain from sex until marriage in the name of religion. But, Lentz admitted to cheating on his wife Laura after being fired by Hillsong Church due to ‘moral failures’, and has been accused of several affairs. Along with these revelations, the documentary features interviews by women revealing some of the pressures Lentz placed on them. One woman states that after three months of dating a man, Lentz took the couple to a private room alone and pressured her into marrying him because she had had sex with him. She admitted Lentz ‘shamed’ and ‘condemned’ her for her choices. The three-part documentary also features a New York fashion designer that Lentz had an affair with, although his former nanny who claimed he sexually assaulted her for six years isn’t in the show. Lentz has denied that accusation. While outing Lentz and his abusive behaviour, the documentary goes further to reveal allegations against other senior members, including founder Brian Houston, how the church became a global brand, and its toxic culture. Lentz announced his departure from Hillsong in 2020 on Instagram. Bieber lived with Lentz and his family in New Jersey for a month and a half in 2014, and Lentz baptised the popstar in 2015 in the bathtub of New York Knicks star Tyson Chandler. Lentz was also reportedly behind Bieber’s reconciliation with ex Selena Gomez in 2017, with sources saying the pastor encouraged Bieber to ‘heal’ their relationship. However, in 2018, TMZ reported that Lentz and Bieber had a ‘major falling out’ and while Bieber and his now-wife Hailey Baldwin continued to attend Hillsong, the 26-year-old had cut ties with his former friend. Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives for Carl Lentz and Hillsong for comment. The documentary is available to watch on Discovery+. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Hillsong founder Brian Houston had ‘concerns’ about ex-pastor Carl Lentz’s ‘narcissistic behavior’ before firing MORE : Ex-Hillsong pastor Carl Lentz’s wife breaks silence on sex scandal to celebrate wedding anniversary: ‘Growing upwards’ 