I recently discovered the sauna in the changing rooms at my gym. Spending 10 to 15 minutes breathing in the hot air and calming my nervous system has become a post-workout ritual in recent weeks. But it has had me wondering: is using the sauna good for your skin? Usually, sweat is seen as a bad thing – I’m inclined to wash my face as soon as I’ve finished exercising, lest I be graced with three new blemishes the following morning. But, according to the experts, regularly using a sauna can have profound benefits on your skin. ‘Using a sauna is essentially a form of exercise for your skin,’ explains Louise Louca, founder and senior skin specialist at Bloom Skin Clinic, Manchester. ‘When you’re in the sauna, your blood vessels open and this speeds up blood flow and circulation, aiding the release of toxins which helps detoxify pores.’ It can be difficult to know how long is too long to spend in the sauna. As a rule of thumb, Natasha Suri, beauty expert at Herbal Essentials, recommends trying to spend up to 15 minutes in the sauna multiple times a week, depending on your physical fitness levels and skin type. ‘Any longer and you risk over-drying your skin and hair,’ she warns. However, Louca notes that you can build yourself up to between 20 and 40 minutes, three to four times a week. She tells Metro.co.uk: ‘The longer you use the sauna, the softer and plumper your skin will become, enabling you to exfoliate effectively afterwards. ‘However, you need to start slowly and build your time up in the sauna to prevent stressing your body out.’ According to Louca, those with dry, oily or combination skin will ‘reap the benefits of a regular sauna session’. People with dry skin are likely to see some of the strongest benefits. ‘When used in moderation the sauna can be great for dry skin,’ Suri tells Metro.co.uk. ‘This is because their skin will produce more sebum due to the heat.’ However, she adds, this isn’t great for oily skin: ‘Oily skin types can use a damp cloth over the face for protection,’ she says. ‘As your pores are open after a sauna, product benefits can work more effectively. A clay mask is great for oily skin and don’t forget to use moisturiser to add extra hydration.’ It’s important to remember that saunas aren’t for everyone. For example, and as Louca notes, people who are pregnant and people who have heart conditions need to consult a doctor before using a sauna and are generally advised against using them. So who should be cautious when thinking about adding some sauna sessions into their weekly routine? People with eczema ‘Some people with eczema find that getting hot and sweaty, during exercise especially, can aggravate symptoms, and leave skin feeling itchy and inflamed,’ says Louca. ‘But others, including many of my clients with eczema, have found that saunas are effective because their well-being has improved and the positive stress detoxing the body has helped to heal much of their eczema.’ People with psoriasis ‘A skin condition that typically doesn’t respond well in saunas is psoriasis, as sweating can cause an itching sensation within the skin, which irritates existing red, scaly patches,’ Louca adds. People with rosacea ‘Finally, for some with rosacea, an infrared sauna would be better than a steam sauna or dry sauna as it stimulates activity in the vascular system,’ says Louca. ‘This helps strengthen vasodilation and constriction (widening and narrowing of blood vessels), preventing rosacea from worsening over time.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Experts explain why you should never store your skincare in the bathroom MORE : How to sauna like the Finnish – keep quiet, drink vodka – and no, you don’t need a swimsuit MORE : Fermented beauty is a big skincare trend for 2022 – this is what it means