Theatre fans and actors are frustrated by the news reality TV star Gemma Collins has been cast in an upcoming production of Chicago The Musical. Former The Only Way Is Essex star Gemma, 41, was revealed to be making her stage debut this summer as the world-famous musical tours the UK and Ireland. The reality star, who also appeared on I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here!, Celebrity Big Brother and Dancing On Ice, will play the iconic Mama Morton in the hit stage show. However, while producer David Ian said the crew were ‘completely stunned’ by The GC’s audition and promised ‘audiences across the country are in for a treat,’ the news of Gemma’s casting has not gone down well with everyone. Theatre fans have called foul that a reality star is taking on the coveted role rather than a trained and experienced actor, particularly as the industry was among the hardest-hit by the pandemic. Critics flocked to social media in their droves to complain about the perceived unfairness of what is essentially an amateur taking on the role over a professionally-trained actor. The Apprentice star Amy Anzel took to Twitter where she said the decision to cast Gemma was ‘absolutely shocking’. ‘The amount of unbelievable and hardworking actors, singers, dancers and creatives who’ve spent YEARS training and perfecting their craft and have struggled massively throughout Covid!’ she ranted. ‘GEMMA COLLINS IS A REALITY STAR,’ Amy said, adding: ‘Is theatre just a joke now?! Pathetic.’ ‘What an insult to all the actresses who have trained to be in the theatre and have the talent,’ another agreed. ‘And have been out of work for nearly 2 years. Chicago what are you thinking (sic).’ ‘No I’m sorry but Gemma Collins being cast in Chicago is an absolute JOKE,’ one frustrated actress wrote. ‘We work tirelessly and pay THOUSANDS to train & audition. There is a huge amount of talent out there who have worked their arses off to get that role.’ Another actor echoed the same sentiments, furiously asking ‘IS THIS A JOKE!!! (sic) ‘Was there not a MT (Musical Theatre) performer good enough…absolutely laughable.’ Others poked fun at the casting choice, with one Twitter user joking: ‘i personally will not rest until i’ve seen gemma collins’ Hamlet (sic).’ However, some defended the casting choice, arguing that productions often ‘stunt cast’ to get a popular name in the show, even if they don’t have professional musical theatre training. ‘I know the Gemma Collins casting has divided people,’ one person wrote on Twitter. ‘But can we get a tiny bit of perspective… This is Chicago… which has stunt casted since the revivals inception… ‘ They argued: ‘She’s not taking any roles away from anyone… There are also plenty of MT trained actors in the show.’ One fan agreed that Gemma is ‘not there to sell tickets to the MT fans, she’s there to sell tickets for Joe Public who wouldn’t usually go see a show. ‘Who knows,’ they added. ‘She could surprise us, stranger things have happened.’ ‘I think it will be fabulous,’ another agreed, arguing Gemma ‘clearly got the role for a reason.’ They added: ‘I am beyond thrilled to see her in Sunderland!’ Mama Morton is a supporting character in the hit musical, playing the matron of the women’s ward in Cook County Jail. Though it may not be a leading role, it is a vitally important one – and Queen Latifah’s portrayal of the character in the 2001 Chicago tour earned her an Oscar for best supporting actress. Gemma is set to step onto the stage for the Sunderland show on May 31, as well as several stops across the UK, including Cardiff, Blackpool, Sheffield and Norwich. The reality star, who had training at the Sylvia Young Theatre School, will perform alongside musical theatre professionals Faye Brooks, Djalenga Scott, Jamie Baughan and B.E Wong in the acclaimed show. Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Gemma for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gemma Collins ‘set to tackle iconic role in Chicago: The Musical after impressing bosses with fantastic voice’ MORE : Gemma Collins reveals her garden was devastated by Storm Eunice as she surveys the damage after power cut 