A Tory MP has come out as trans and alleged that they were raped in a deeply personal statement. Jamie Wallis revealed that they were diagnosed with gender dysphoria and added they are ‘not OK’ after a turbulent few years. The Bridgend Conservative explained that they are trans, ‘or to be more accurate, I want to be’, and ‘always imagined I would leave politics well before I ever said this out loud’. Wallis, who won the Welsh seat in 2019, also said they had been blackmailed over their sexuality, with the offender being jailed. The MP had been arrested by police and subsequently fined following a car crash last year – with Wallis saying they were suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder at the time. The statement was posted on Wallis’ website and Twitter, where they simply said ‘it’s time’ – but added that they had felt this way since being a ‘very young child’. ‘For a while it seemed as though I would be able to get on with things and move on,’ they explained. ‘Being an MP and hiding something like this was always going to be tough, but I arrogantly assumed I was up for it. Well, I’m not.’ MPs were among a vast number of social media users who quickly piled in to support Wallis, with warm words being sent from across the political spectrum. Prime Minister Boris Johnson praised his MP on Twitter this morning, despite reportedly joking about trans rights at a dinner for Tories last night. He is said to have opened a speech by saying: ‘Good evening ladies and gentleman, or as Keir Starmer would put it, people who are assigned female or male at birth.’ But there was more support on social media, with Tory Tom Tugendhadt responding: ‘This is a very brave statement’; Lib Dem Layla Moran added: ‘Sending loads of support, Jamie. I hope you’ll be overwhelmed by love for taking the plunge and revealing your truth.’ Labour’s Luke Pollard, Plymouth’s first openly gay MP, replied: ‘Well done Jamie. It really does get better when you make this first step. ‘It is incredibly brave to speak so honestly and authentically. Sending best wishes and support.’ On the blackmail case in September, Wallis claimed he had been outed to his father and photos had been sent to other family members. They claimed the perpetrator asked for £50,000 to ‘keep quiet’. Wallis added that they fear they might ‘never recover’ from being raped last September and apologised for ‘appearing’ to ‘run away’ from the car crash soon after, in late November. They also paid tribute to the whips in Parliament, for their support. ‘I have never lived my truth and I’m not sure how’, Wallis continued. ‘Perhaps it starts with telling everyone.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : No amount of editing can rescue Little Britain from the offensive, transphobic mess that it is