A Ukrainian mum and her two children who had been turned away from the UK as they fled the Russian invasion have finally joined their relieved family in Manchester. Mariia Petriv, 37, and her daughter, 8, and son, 10, were greeted with hugs after taking their first ever flight, having been stranded in France for a week while they waited for visas. They have each been granted three-month stays under the government’s new Ukraine Family Scheme, having been initially turned away by officials at Calais despite travelling with relatives from the UK who were trying to take them home to Cheshire. The trio are now settling in with their relatives, who had twice travelled to France trying to secure their passage. They are among the first Ukrainians to relocate under the heavily criticised scheme, which is intended to relax visa requirements for those fleeing the war amid heavy bombardment of civilian areas by Russian forces. They had an emotional reunion with Mariia’s brother, Dmytro Petriv, and his wife, Olesja, after disembarking the easyJet flight from Paris at Manchester Airport last night before being settling in at the couple’s home in Runcorn. The reunion came as many families report hurdles preventing their loved ones reaching safety, despite the government having last week opened the pathway to assist Ukrainians seeking to relocate with relatives in the UK. Olesja said: ‘I had been nervous when I read that only 50 visas had been issued but now we just feel so happy, we couldn’t wait for the flight to land. ‘I hope the kids can start school and they can build a normal life away from a place where people are dying. It’s amazing that they have been given this chance, we just want to give them a better life in the UK.’ Mariia and her youngest child, Sofia, and son, Sviatoslav, had fled Ivano-Frankivsk in western Ukraine, where a military airport near their home was hit by a series of missile strikes on the first night of the invasion. They were picked up by a British voluntary organisation on the Hungarian border and driven to Lyon, where they met Dmytro and Olesja, who took them to Calais. When they arrived at the ferry port, they were told that, as the rules stood at the time, a sibling did not count as an immediate family member eligible to relocate with relatives in the UK. Mariia was also told to go to a visa application centre in Paris to provide biometric data, and after two nights in a hotel was given shelter by a French family in the capital. ‘I’m glad that our family is safe, the two kids deserve to have a better life away from war,’ Olesja said. ‘But there are many other families who need our support, two million people have crossed the border and there will be millions more. ‘I’m not sure how Europe will cope. We are fortunate because we work and have savings to support my family, but not everyone is in the same situation. ‘We will try to help other people coming here, we can accommodate someone else as well and my husband can take a couple of people to work with him at his construction business. ‘But the British government needs to do more, we understand there needs to be security checks but it needs to be quicker and easier for people trying to escape the war.’ More than two million people are now estimated by the United Nations Refugee Agency to have left Ukraine for neighbouring countries since the unprovoked invasion began 14 days ago. Under the UK scheme, families can obtain visas without some of the usual requirements, although security checks remain and those applying have to attend application centres. Initially, siblings were not counted as ‘immediate family members’ before the scope was widened. Downing Street said today the government has now given 957 Ukrainians visas as they flee the multi-pronged invasion. Boris Johnson has previously said the UK could accommodate 200,000 people or more. Speaking in parliament on Tuesday, Tory MP Julian Sturdy echoed the views of many of his fellow members when he described the scheme as being beset by ‘box-ticking and red tape’, and called for it to be sped up. A Government spokesperson said: ‘We have been working at pace to launch the Ukraine Family Scheme and it is now open for extended family members to apply. As well as immediate family members, British nationals and people of any nationality settled in the UK will be supported to bring parents, grandparents, grandchildren, adult children and siblings to the UK. ‘An unlimited sponsorship route is also opening soon for Ukrainians without family ties here, so communities, local authorities and others can sponsor and support those in need to come to the UK.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.