A former head of officiating on the ATP Tour has called the suspended sentence handed out to Alexander Zverev as ‘pathetic’ after the world No.3 escaped without an immediate ban following his meltdown at the recent Mexican Open. The German was thrown out of the tournament in Acapulco after he repeatedly hit the chair of umpire Alessandro Germani with his racquet at the end of a doubles match. Zverev almost hit the leg of the official at one point and while he apologised publicly for the incident and privately to Germani, ATP’s senior vice-president of rules and competition, Miro Bratoev, conducted a review into the behaviour of the 24-year-old which was concluded this week. An ATP statement on Tuesday read: ‘The review determined that Zverev committed Aggravated Behaviour under the Player Major Offense section of ATP Rules. ‘As a result, Zverev has been issued an additional fine of 25,000 US dollars and a suspension for a period of eight weeks from any ATP-sanctioned event. ‘However, the fine and suspension are withheld on the condition that, over a probation period ending 22 February 2023 (one year from the incident), the player does not incur a further Code Violation.’ The 2020 US Open runner-up had already been fined 40,000 US dollars (£30,000) and forfeited his prize money of more than 30,000 US dollars (£22,500) for his actions. Speaking earlier this month, Serena Williams had anticipated Zverev, to all intents and purposes, getting off lightly, telling CNN ‘There is absolutely a double standard. I would probably be in jail if I did that, like literally, no joke.’ And the ATP’s vice-president for rules and competition, Richard Ings, concurred, telling the Daily Telegraph: ‘They’ve called it unsportsmanlike conduct. But this is akin to physical abuse, smashing the umpire’s chair with your racket. ‘I’ve seen players get frustrated. I’ve seen them smack balls away angrily. But I’ve not seen anyone smash the umpire’s chair – not once, not twice but four times. ‘You’ve got to ask, what did he need to do to be suspended? Break the umpire’s leg? Draw blood? That was as bad as it gets without physically putting the umpire in hospital.’ MORE : Alexander Zverev learns his fate after smashing umpire’s chair with his racquet MORE : Alexander Zverev kicked out of Mexican Open after repeatedly hitting umpire’s chair in furious outburst For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 