Two European governments have decided to hit the oligarchs where it hurts and go after their superyachts. Lavish boats have been seized in separate ports on the continent as sanctions start to hit home for Russian billionaires close to the Kremlin. French customs seized a yacht belonging to Rosneft boss Igor Sechin as it tried to leave the Mediterranean port of La Ciotat. Finance minister Bruno le Marie said the 300 metre ‘Amore Vero’ was docked for repairs but records linked it to a company close to Mr Sechin. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live While he made his money in oil, he is considered one of the Russian president’s closest aides as one of the siloviki, a group of influential figures around Mr Putin with previous links to the military and intelligence services. He has been described as the Russian leader’s ‘hard man’ enforcer – as well as being nicknamed ‘Darth Vader’ – and is generally seen as the leader of the hardline, informal grouping of shadowy figures close to the president. The 2013-built boat flies under the Cayman Islands flag and boasts a gym and beauty salon on board. Online pictures also reveal it has a swimming pool, hot tub and seating area spread over four levels. A second boat was seized by German authorities, a £450 million vessel owned by billionaire Alisher Usmanov in Hamburg. The 500 foot Dilbar superyacht – which features a 25-meter swimming pool – is owned by the natural resources and publishing billionaire who previously was a part-owner of Arsenal FC football club. The UK government has vowed to go after assets of oligarchs, many of whom are known to have property or business ties to London. Earlier today, British security minister Damian Hinds said the government would not hesitate to act. The government is preparing to set out measures targeting dozens more people but have been criticised for the pace of the process. When told about the seizure of yacht in Germany, Mr Hinds said: ‘Yeah, and, look, we are going to go further. ‘We’ve acted very quickly on the initial round of sanctions – that includes individuals as well as organisations, banks and so on – but we’ve always been clear it is a ratchet approach and there can be more to come. ‘Specifically on assets, we’ve got legislation going through Parliament at the moment – we’re debating it on Monday – to include bolstering unexplained wealth orders, which are a potentially potent tool that can open investigations to lead to the proceeds of crime being seized. ‘We need to gum up that system, we need to stop it, to stop the money laundering, but also, as you rightly say, where it is possible – and obviously we operate within a legal framework – we are absolutely motivated to seize the proceeds of crime.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.