Heading to a coffee shop, whether to read a book, work, or have a chinwag, is one of life’s greatest joys. The smell of the ground up coffee beans mixed with the low buzz of chatter and the many faces of people coming and going is the perfect combination for our senses. Not to mention the taste of the actual drink. That’s good too. But the problem with coffee is, for some people, half a cup feels like a full-blown panic attack: the polar opposite of the relaxing vibe these places are crafted around. If you’re one of these people, you’re burdened with the fact that, no matter how much you like it, drinking coffee is not conducive to feeling good – especially when there’s a deadline looming. How your body responds to caffeine is dependent on a number of factors, such as how much you drink, how sensitive you are, the time of day you drink your coffee and whether you take any medication. ‘Caffeine is a natural stimulant and one of its main effects is to block adenosine receptors, causing increases in dopamine, noradrenalin, and glutamate,’ nutritionist Lamorna Hollingsworth tells Metro.co.uk. ‘In the cardiovascular system, this increases a person’s blood pressure and heart rate. ‘In the central nervous system, lower doses of caffeine can improve motor activity and alertness, but consuming higher doses can produce symptoms of anxiety.’ Coffee starts to affect your body almost instantly, and those effects peak within an hour. ‘Caffeine has a half-life of about five hours, meaning that this is the time it takes for your body to eliminate half of the drug,’ Hollingsworth continues. ‘This is why we often feel the caffeine ‘jitters’ fairly quickly after a cup of coffee, and are aware of feeling like this for several hours after drinking it.’ There are a number of similarities between the symptoms of anxiety and the symptoms of too much caffeine. Namely, a rapid heart rate and feelings of restlessness. Other symptoms of too much caffeine include nausea, dizziness and insomnia. As Hollingsworth notes, what constitutes too much caffeine for one person won’t be the same for someone else. ‘For some of us, the idea of a post-dinner coffee is a sure fire way of a restless night’s sleep,’ she says. ‘But for others, a double espresso is the perfect way to finish an evening meal.’ If drinking coffee triggers feelings of anxiety, it’s probably a good idea to cut it out, or at least cut down on your consumption. Swapping to decaf could be one option, or even a herbal tea if you need to quench your thirst for a hot drink. But if your anxious feelings come with a side of alertness and focus that you don’t want to pass up, it may be possible to consume coffee without being overrun by anxiety. ‘Being aware of the effect that drinking coffee has on you can be very helpful and may highlight if you’re in a caffeine cycle that is working against you,’ says Hollingsworth. ‘You can learn more by keeping a diary of the impact that caffeine has on you, noting the time you drink your coffee, how much you have, and the impact it has on how you feel physically and mentally.’ Hollingsworth continues: ‘Reducing your coffee consumption completely may improve how you’re feeling, but swapping to decaf options or alternating with other drinks may be all that you need to find the coffee amount that suits you best. ‘There’s no ‘one size fits all’ approach to caffeine consumption but it is recommended to drink coffee in moderation for a reason.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Coffee is linked to improved gut health, says new study MORE : Five simple ways to relieve travel anxiety MORE : This is the best time of day to drink coffee