Lateral flow Covid-19 tests have become part of our everyday lives after the pandemic swept the world two years ago, with negative results required to travel or socialise at various points. You’ve probably tested yourself dozens of times since then. But did you know you can repurpose the plastic used in the kits? On The Page Designs, an English illustrator, shared their hack for recycling the extractor tubes that come in the tests on TikTok, and it’s good news for plant parents. ‘I find there’s a lot of wastage when it comes to Covid tests so it’s good to recycle when possible,’ reads the video’s caption, before showing you how to do just that at home. Rather than throwing the buffer solution extraction tube (the clear plastic container you wiggle the swab around in), you can instead use it as a mini water pot for plants with aerial roots. Monsteras, pothos, philodendrons, rubber trees are among the common houseplants that have aerial roots. These gnarly roots grow above the ground, stabilising the plant and soaking in extra moisture it can’t get from the soil. By keeping these roots moist – and doing your bit for the planet in the process – the plant will be well hydrated and healthy. The TikTok shows the steps, starting with cutting off the lid part of the tube. Next, rinse it and fill with water, before placing tape over the opening and poking a hole in it. From there you can pop this on the end of an aerial root, ensuring it has nutrients and can help your plant continue to grow. On The Page Designs’ TikTok has been viewed over two million times, with comments pouring in from green-fingered folks who loved the idea. ‘Brilliant! Going to be so much easier than angling small pots of water,’ said one, while another wrote: ‘You’ve changed my life thank you.’ Some people questioned the safety of keeping a test kit designed to detect a deadly virus, but the creator confirmed they only used those that came back negative – as should you – and rinsed thoroughly to ensure no solution was left behind. Now, every time you get a negative result, your plants can rejoice alongside you. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Warning about toxic plant after dog left with serious facial burns MORE : Why do adults get so annoyed by other people’s children screaming and crying?