Roy Keane blasted Manchester United for ‘giving up’ in their 4-1 defeat to Manchester City on Sunday, saying there are five or six players that should never play for the club again. The Red Devils did alright in the first half, going into the break 2-1 behind after two Kevin De Bruyne goals either side of a Jadon Sancho equaliser. However, they badly fell away in the second period, with City completely dominating the contest and finding the back of the net twice more as United struggled to even touch the ball. Keane was left fuming with the attitude of Ralf Rangnick’s players, saying he can forgive a gulf in quality to the excellent City side, but cannot accept a lack of effort. ‘They did give up. For a player in a derby or any game, it’s unforgiveable really,’ Keane told Sky Sports. ‘The beauty of top level sport is that there’s no hiding place. We saw all United’s shortcomings today. ‘There’s ways to lose football matches, but the way United lost it today, they stopped running, gave up. Players not running back, that’s what I don’t understand. ‘The manager will be criticised for the tactics but players not running back when playing for Man United, it’s really unacceptable, it really is. They threw the towel in, it’s shameful. ‘It’s hard when you’re out there against a really good team. But you’ve got to run back, got to tackle. It’s a reflection of where the team is and where the club is. It’s so far behind the other teams.’ Keane named four players who disappointed him at the Etihad, with Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Fred, Harry Maguire and Marcus Rashford all being picked out, but said there were more that he would happily never see in a Manchester United shirt again. ‘You should play with a bit of pride, it has to kick in at some stage,’ said the former United captain. ‘I forgive mistakes but you have to run back. ‘I could write down five or six players who I think should never play for Man United again. Just shameful, shameful. ‘Subs coming on and you hope they’re going to have an impact but they’re not prepared to run around. A couple of lads in midfield, Wan-Bissaka, Fred, Maguire, Rashford came on, I could go on. ‘The old saying of men vs boys. They gave up and shame on them.’ MORE : Roy Keane questions reason why Cristiano Ronaldo missed Manchester United’s clash vs Man City MORE : Gary Neville questions whether Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag have the ‘personality’ to succeed at Manchester United For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 