Alec Baldwin’s wife Hilaria is expecting with their seventh child, confirming the news on Instagram. The expectant mom, 38, posted a video with the 30 Rock star, 63, as they played with their six children, confirming their happy news. Their baby joy comes five months after the actor discharged a gun on the set of Rust, fatally shooting cinematographer Halyna Hutchins on the set of Rust. ‘After many ups and downs over the past few years, we have an exciting up and a huge surprise: another Baldwinito is coming this fall,’ the mom-of-six wrote beside the video, which showed the moment the little ones were told about their new sibling. ‘We were pretty sure our family was complete, and we’re beyond happy with this surprise. ‘I’m sharing with you the moment we told the kids — as you can see, they are super excited! ‘Our new baby is a very bright spot in our lives. A blessing and a gift during such uncertain times. ‘I’ve missed you during my break from social media…I’m back and looking forward to continuing with you this wild journey that we call “life”. ‘Our love to you and your loved ones.’ Fans went into meltdown over the news, flooding the comments with congratulatory messages. ‘Oh my goodness, congratulations to the family and this is so precious :),’ one replied. ‘Congrats!!!! You’re super mom, I can barely handle two,’ another agreed. ‘Lovely news. Congratulations to you all,’ a follower said. As an Instagram user penned: ‘So beyond happy for you and your family!!!!’ Speaking of their happy news in a statement to People Magazine, they revealed that baby number seven will be arriving in the fall. ‘We have “somos un buen equipo” engraved on our wedding bands. We say that to each other all the time at home — that we’re a good team,’ they said. ‘One of the most beautiful things my children have experienced with a big family is how the heart can grow with every new sibling. ‘Our capacity to love continues to expand and we can’t wait to embrace our new little one this fall!’ The couple, who tied the knot in 2012, already have a full house, sharing children Carmen, Rafael, Eduardo, Leonardo, Romeo and Maria – who they welcomed together last year. While the actor is also dad to eldest child Ireland Baldwin, who he shares with ex-wife Kim Basinger. There was tragedy on the set of movie Rust at the end of last year when a gun Baldwin was holding accidentally discharged during a rehearsal, killing cinematographer Halyna Hutchins and injuring director Joel Souza. Souza was able to recover from his injuries but Hutchins was pronounced dead at a nearby hospital shortly after. Discussing the incident, Baldwin maintained that she told him to aim the gun just off camera and in her direction, insisting that he didn’t know it contained a live round. It was announced last month that Hutchins’ family had filed a lawsuit against Baldwin and others for wrongful death. In response, a lawyer for Baldwin and other producers of Rust released a statement, seen by Sky News, where he said they were cooperating fully with authorities and denied any negligence. ‘Any claim that Alec was reckless is entirely false,’ attorney Aaron Dyer said. ‘He, Halyna and the rest of the crew relied on the statement by the two professionals responsible for checking the gun that it was a “cold gun” – meaning there is no possibility of a discharge, blank or otherwise.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katherine Ryan comes for Will Smith after Chris Rock Oscars slap: ‘Can’t take a joke, stay home’ MORE : John Travolta’s son, 11, adopts the rescue dog featured in Oscars tribute to Betty White 