The 2022 midterm election season kicks off on Tuesday in Republican-controlled Texas, where voters will select their nominees for governor, attorney general and congressional seats. Texas’ primary elections will give the first picture of former President Donald Trump’s continued influence on the GOP, as well as what messages are resonating among Democrats. Republican candidates in Texas have generally grown more conservative and some have not stopped questioning the 2020 presidential election results. Dozens of Republican congressional candidates disputed President Joe Biden’s victory, according to a recent survey by Hearst Newspapers. The gubernatorial race pits incumbent Republican Governor Greg Abbott against former 2020 presidential candidate Beto O’Rourke, a Democrat and former representative for Texas’ 16th congressional district. Abbott is seeking a third term, backed by Trump’s endorsement and $56million in campaign funds. His agenda includes new laws on abortion, guns and immigration that have pushed Texas farther to the right. O’Rourke still draws supporters and has shown he can raise money quickly, but it may not be a close race. If Abbott gets more than 50% of the vote and avoids a primary runoff, it will be a sign of strong Republican support that could even be indicative of a 2024 presidential run. Republican Attorney General Ken Paxton hopes to survive a primary challenge within his party while under investigation by the FBI for allegations of corruption. Congressional primaries in two districts are being closely watched. In one, Republican Rep Van Taylor seeks to survive after criticizing the January 6 Capitol riot and voting to certify Trump’s loss in the election. Meanwhile, Democratic Rep Henry Cuellar faces a progressive challenger after the FBI raided his home. The next state primaries are not until May. Track the Texas primary results as they come in below: Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.