Just a few days ago, Love Is Blind season 2 star Abishek ‘Shake’ Chatterjee claimed that he was ‘not sorry’ over comments he made on the show about his ex-fiancée Deepti Vempati. However, the vet has now seemingly done a U-turn, releasing a video message on Instagram and reaching out to Deepti privately to issue an apology, saying that he is taking ‘accountability’ for his words. During their time on the reality dating programme on Netflix, Shake made several remarks behind Deepti’s back explaining that he wasn’t attracted to her physically, saying at one point: ‘I’m not physically attracted to her, man. It feels like I’m with my aunt or something.’ He also sparked bewilderment from the women during their time in the pods due to his comments on their bodies as he tried to picture their physiques, especially when he asked if he ‘would be able to lift them on his shoulders during music festivals.’ Things became extremely heated during the Love Is Blind reunion, when Shake continued to stir the pot as he was questioned by co-hosts Nick and Vanessa Lachey over his motivations for going on the show in the first place. A few days after the reunion aired, Shake posted a new video on Instagram, writing in the caption: ‘I’m sorry, @lifewithdeeps. I’m ready to take accountability for my actions and be better. ‘While I’ve reached out privately, I think it’s also important I apologize publicly for the sake of your family and friends that I’ve upset as well.’ In the video, Shake said: ‘I want to take this opportunity to really just say sorry to a woman that I know I hurt.’ He continued, saying: ‘Deepti, I am truly sorry for some of the things that I said, things that honestly could have just been left unsaid, that could have been said differently, things that never should have been on national television.’ Shake explained that while they were filming the series, he regarded Deepti as his ‘best friend’, although he admitted that he ‘knew’ that their relationship ‘wasn’t going to end in marriage’. However, he ‘didn’t want what we had to end’, he said, saying that he ‘loved every second of it’. ‘I’m so so sorry that I hurt you with my words. It’s the last thing I wanted from all of this. I’m sorry Deepti.’ While Shake may be hoping that Deepti will accept his apology, she may be otherwise occupied, amid speculation from fans that she and fellow Love Is Blind star Kyle Abrams could have forged a romance. During the reunion, Kyle admitted his one regret was that he didn’t propose to Deepti, having become engaged instead to Shaina Hurley, who in turn was harbouring strong feelings for Shayne Jansen. When asked by E! News for an update on her connection with Kyle, Deepti said: ‘I think we can do things our own way now. So we’ll see where it goes.’ Love Is Blind is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Is Blind worlds collide as Lauren Speed and Cameron Hamilton unite with season 2 cast for wedding surprise MORE : Love Is Blind season 2: Viewers convinced Deepti Vempati and Kyle Abrams are secretly dating after reunion confession 