Buses in the capital are heaving with commuters while Uber has jacked up its prices after Tube workers went on strike today. Around 10,000 members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) have walked out for 24 hours in a row over jobs, pensions and conditions. They are set to do the same on Thursday, meaning services are suspended on all lines except the Overground, DLR and TfL Rail. People have been urged to work from home if they can, but unfortunately not everyone has that option. Photos from this morning show huge queues of commuters in the rain at bus stops as they try to get to work. One complained on social media that they had to take three different buses to complete what would usually be a 15 minute journey for them. Another traveller complained that Uber was making a ‘huge profit’ out of the situation by charging £30 extra for customers. Transport for London (TfL) says there is a high chance of ‘no service’ on the Tube for both strike days. Industrial action is also likely to severely affect services on Wednesdays and Fridays, particularly in the morning peak. However TfL said services should improve after 9am on these days and advised passengers to delay their journeys if they can. Part of the dispute is over plans by the transport body to axe 500 to 600 station staff posts to save money, and RMT’s fear that pensions will be at risk, the BBC reports. But TfL has said that no one will be sacked and that posts will simply not be filled when workers leave or retire. It added that there are no proposals for pensions or terms and conditions at the moment. But the RMT fears staff will be forced to work more ‘extreme hours’ early in the morning or very late at night and will be more likely to have to work alone, reports the Evening Standard. RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said: ‘Sadiq Khan should be standing up to Tory ministers who want to needlessly attack jobs, pensions and conditions of key transport workers. ‘It is this political failure that has left Tube workers with no choice but to strike this week. Our members have been left paying the price for a turf war between City Hall and the Government and they are not having it as can be seen right across London today. ‘The mayor knows the plan to attack our members’ pensions and conditions is wrong and would leave our union no choice but to take industrial action. ‘However, only last week the Mayor agreed to submit proposals to the Government that will result in detrimental changes to pensions. ‘The mayor has to decide if he is on the side of key workers who have kept London moving during the pandemic or Tory ministers hellbent on punishing tube workers. ‘This dispute can be solved if the mayor meets the reasonable demands of his own workforce.’ TfL’s chief operating officer Andy Lord said: ‘I would ask anyone who needs to use the Tube on March 1 and 3 to check before they make their journey, consider whether they are able to work from home and use alternative modes of transport where possible. ‘It’s highly unlikely there will be an Underground service running during the strike action and services are likely to be affected on the mornings of March 2 and 4 too. ‘I apologise to customers for this and understand they will be frustrated by this strike action, but urge them not to take it out on those who are trying to help. ‘We haven’t proposed any changes to pensions or terms and conditions, and nobody has or will lose their jobs because of the proposals we have set out, so this action is completely unnecessary. ‘We know our customers deserve better than this, which is why we’re urging the RMT to talk to us so we can find a resolution to this dispute and call off this action, which is threatening London’s recovery from the pandemic.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.  