Four months ago, I lay in a hospital bed waiting to meet my baby. But I wasn’t in labour. Instead, I was surrounded by surgical staff and unable to see myself from the waist down, waiting for him to be cut from my womb. One odd thing about a planned caesarean section is that, however well prepared you feel you are, there’s still a split second where you realise you’re fully conscious and waiting for someone to slice you open. And in my case, my c-section was not only planned but chosen. I’d considered my options and decided that this was the right one for me. And other than the strangeness of any surgery you are awake for, the operation was straightforward and comfortable and I felt very well cared for by the lovely midwives and doctors. I will be eternally grateful that it united me with my beautiful baby boy, as well as relieved that my recovery was swift and uncomplicated so that now, 17 weeks later, I feel pretty much entirely back to normal. Approximately one in four UK births are now thought to be caesarean sections, yet actively choosing to give birth in this way is still seen as a decision that is fair game for perplexity, and sometimes even outright judgement and derision. I struggled to find birth preparation classes that did much more than touch on how best to avoid a section (eventually, a hypnobirthing course provided some genuine support) and well-meaning family and friends tried to encourage me that I could ‘do it the natural way’ if I really tried. More worryingly, media narratives sometimes still propagate unhelpful stereotypes around the kind of woman who might choose a section. I’m middle class and well educated – it’s hard not to hear people whispering ‘too posh to push’ in the face of those facts. While nobody ever said this to my face, some people did jokingly treat me as less brave, more concerned with my own body and recovery when they heard about my choice. So much of motherhood is fraught with guilt and second guesses and it can often be all too easy to beat yourself up for whatever parenting choices you make, but I’m tired of being ashamed of the way my baby came into the world. So where should I start when it comes to the truth about my elective caesarean section? I could tell you about my complex history – multiple operations for endometriosis; a miscarriage; failed IVF cycles and the anxiety that becomes an almost inevitable companion to these life experiences. I could tell you how my pregnancy, in the end, was natural, unexpected and often scary, for all it was immensely precious. I could tell you how my age meant I was looking at induction – a way of artificially starting labour early, that is often more painful – and the higher risks of interventions, including, ironically, an emergency caesarean that goes along with it. (At 41, I’m well into the ‘geriatric’ pregnancy age bracket.) I could even tell you that under different circumstances, I might well have opted for a vaginal birth – but in the middle of a pandemic and with a chronic national shortage of midwives, the predictability of an elective c-section saved me many sleepless nights worrying about how my labour might go. In fact, whenever I talk about my planned section I inevitably do mention these things, in a speech I’ve made so often it’s practically pre-rehearsed now – desperately trying to head off the criticism, the assumptions and the incredulity that often follow. Of course, I shouldn’t have to be constantly poised for this self-justification. Choice has – theoretically at least – been at the centre of maternal care for some time now. ‘It was right for me,’ should be the beginning and end of the conversation, especially when there are risks and benefits to almost every type of birth and birth intervention you can name, and how you weigh those risks and benefits is an immensely personal thing. For instance, some of the key considerations of a c-section involve impact on any future births, (it can slightly raise the risk of complications), which would be a crucial factor for some people, whereas I knew I was ‘one and done’ after my little boy. But even though I don’t regret my decision, I do sometimes regret people’s reactions to it. I think, often, it’s the pity that I find most frustrating. The view that I’ve somehow missed out on something magical – even though my experience was immensely positive and calm and a memory I’ll treasure. I’ve had comments like ‘What a shame you didn’t get to experience natural birth’, despite the fact I have plenty of friends whose ‘natural’ birth experiences were not just not positive but actively traumatic in some cases. (One friend from my baby group whisperingly confessed that she’d be opting for a c-section next time herself.) And on the flip side of this, I’ve also been given this sense that ‘surviving’ vaginal birth is a badge of honour I simply don’t deserve to wear. That giving birth the usual way is proof of your toughness, or resilience or even your love for your child. It’s deeply weird that we attach these moral narratives to birth, treating new mothers like soldiers returning from war, when most of us just want to have our babies in the way that seems safest and most comfortable to us, whatever that might be. Yes, in a different world, I may well have opted to give birth ‘naturally’ but the truth is, the visceral chaos of maternity services portrayed in TV shows like This is Going to Hurt seems all too close to reality. If we’re serious about reducing c-section numbers for the right reasons (and I acknowledge that there may be some – sections are more expensive and natural births without complications may offer quicker recovery), then properly funding the NHS seems a better route than shaming or constricting women in an already vulnerable position. And while recent news that hospitals have been advised to drop arbitrary limits on numbers of caesareans is a start, we still have some way to go. Idolising some ways of giving birth and stigmatising others ultimately hurts women who have gone through the experience and puts unnecessary and unhelpful pressure on those who are pregnant. We can only be active participants in our own birth stories if we’re given the necessary knowledge and understanding and then trusted to make our own decisions without those decisions being judged. Giving birth to my baby was one of the most significant days of my life – all people who give birth deserve the right to choose and be respected for their choices on how such an important day should go. MORE : What it feels like... to go through IVF for five years MORE : What it feels like... to give birth during the midwife crisis MORE : We spent our wedding night in hospital after our baby was diagnosed with cancer