Kremlin forces could be pulled back from the Ukrainian capital and another key target in a possible sign peace talks may be moving forward. Russia’s military said it would order the move after negotiations in Turkey with a Ukrainian delegation today. A spokesperson said they would ‘fundamentally cut back’ operations near the Ukrainian cities of Kyiv and Chernihiv ‘to increase trust’ in talks between the two countries. The development comes after Ukraine’s military said it had pushed invading forces back from the capital and recaptured territory, a claim backed up the UK Ministry of Defence. It remains to be seen whether or not Vladimir Putin will follow through on the commitment or use a pause to refresh troop columns which have been hit hard by Ukraine’s counter-attacks. There will inevitably be a great deal of scepticism about the claims following on from the Kremlin’s repeated assertions it did not intend to invade Ukraine in the first place. Talks in Istanbul have also produced a concession from the Russian side that a meeting between Mr Putin and Volodymyr Zelensky may be possible, but only once a draft agreement is agreed and signed. The Ukrainian government has this week set out the conditions it would agree to in order to bring about a ceasefire, including commitments on neutrality and demilitarisation, but said it would not cede territory to Russia. Ukrainian negotiators proposed a status under which their country would not join alliances or host bases of foreign troops but would enjoy some security guarantees underpinned by Nato members. Meanwhile, the Kremlin has declared the ‘liberation of the Donbas’, Ukraine’s eastern flank, as its primary goal, raising the prospect of war continuing in that region even if fighting decreases elsewhere. Russian deputy defence minister Alexander Fomin said Russia had decided to scale down fighting near the two cities to create conditions for dialogue. Top Russian negotiator Vladimir Medinsky said he would examine the Ukrainian proposals and report on them to Mr Putin, as well as signalling Moscow would not block Ukraine joining the European Union. Proposals were also discussed to begin a 15-year bilateral negotiation on settling the status of the Crimean peninsula, which is internationally recognised as Ukrainian territory but has been occupied by Russia since 2014. Russia’s announcement coincides with evidence Ukraine is gradually reversing the stalemate around Kyiv and forcing Kremlin forces back. The Institute for the Study of War said Ukraine’s forces have retaken Irpin, a strategically located town which has seen heavy fighting in recent weeks. Efforts to take Chernihiv, a northern city which stands in the way of the border with Russia and Belarus and the capital, have been deadlocked for weeks. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.