People using food banks are turning down potatoes and root vegetables because they cannot pay the energy costs needed to boil them, a supermarket boss has claimed. The head of Iceland’s comments came ahead of the Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s Spring Statement and amid a major cost-of-living crisis battering household budgets. With energy prices soaring, Richard Walker said: ‘I think the cost-of-living crisis is the single most important domestic issue that we’re facing as a country and it is incredibly concerning. ‘You know, we’re hearing about some food bank users declining potatoes and root veg because they can’t afford the energy to boil them.’ Food bank organisations told Metro.co.uk that people could not afford to power fridges or ovens. It comes as inflation rocketed to a 30-year high beyond 6%, with the unprecedented cost of fuel having knock-on impacts on everyday goods. The managing director of Iceland told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme the Chancellor would be right to focus on the consumer in his mini-budget on Wednesday. He suggested energy price caps for consumers could be extended to businesses, potentially paid for by a windfall tax, a cut in VAT, or even placing green taxes on hold. Rising energy, goods and food prices helped push the cost of to increase 6.2% in the 12 months to February, Office for National Statistics (ONS) figures revealed on Wednesday morning, hours before Mr Sunak’s speech to the Commons. The Chancellor has pledged to ‘stand by’ families to help them weather the crisis but faces calls from Labour and some of his own MPs to do more and scrap a hike in National Insurance. The struggle facing households was underlined by the ONS figures showing an even higher than expected rise to the Consumer Prices Index (CPI) figure which also measures inflation. That hit the highest level since March 1992, when it stood at 7.1%. The Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis – who has said he has run out of advice to help people – tweeted today the UK is ‘on the brink of a personal finance precipice’. Iceland’s Mr Walker said the pressure of trying to keep supermarket prices down is ‘relentless’. Food bank organisers the Trussell Trust told Metro.co.uk that many people were choosing between heating and eating. Speaking after Rishi Sunak’s Spring Statement, its chief executive Emma Revie said: ‘Today the Chancellor has failed to create any security for people on the lowest incomes by failing to bring benefits payments in line with the true cost of living in the Spring Statement. ‘This decision has created a real-terms cut to social security payments, which remain dangerously insufficient.’ Accusing the Government of turning the cost-of-living crisis ‘into an emergency’, she continued: ‘People are already making impossible decisions between heating and eating, and we know people are skipping meals, unable to afford to run cookers and fridges and taking on debt to buy the essentials. This is not right.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Spring Budget 2022 live: Watch as Rishi Sunak unveils spending plan for UK