Women’s rights activists have covered the New Scotland Yard building in police tape in protest at the Metropolitan Police’s handling of the Sarah Everard murder. On the anniversary of Sarah’s kidnap, rape and killing at the hands of a serving Met officer, demonstrators also made the symbolic gesture at the headquarters of the Home Office. The Women’s Equality Party (WEP) say their activists have designated Scotland Yard ‘a crime scene’ this evening to ‘illustrate the police’s culpability in her death’ – and argue little has changed for women in the year since the murder. They also wrapped up the entrance of the Government department in Westminster, claiming that ‘shocking rates of police misconduct’ were partly due to ‘political and policing failures’ by Home Secretary Priti Patel – who they criticised for refusing to launch a statutory inquiry into police misogyny. Pictures showed one officer looking at the tape, which was put up next to a sign saying ‘inquiry now’. The action comes a year after police officer Wayne Couzens abducted Sarah in south London in a case that horrified the country. Officers were then accused of badly mishandling a vigil for the murdered 33-year-old marketing executive, in Clapham, where officers were seen manhandling and arrested female mourners. Couzens was jailed for life in September after pleading guilty to her murder. Speaking to Metro.co.uk ahead of the demonstration at the Met’s HQ, Mandu Reid, the leader of the WEP, said ‘We’re taking this action to designate New Scotland Yard and the Home Office crime scenes, because too many women have either been hurt or let down by the police whilst politicians and police leaders still refuse to acknowledge that sexism and misogyny is an institutional problem, baked into the fabric of the force.’ Dame Cressida Dick has since resigned as Commissioner of the Met, following a series of scandals which further damaged the force’s battered reputation – including Sarah’s case. But Ms Reid continued: ‘The Met Commissioner’s resignation will not address a culture that prevents women from reporting sexual violence or other gender-based crimes and re-traumatises them when they do. ‘Not enough is being done to prioritise ending violence against women or to address the root causes of misogyny and discrimination in the police – the lack of action and urgency is utterly shameful.’ She called for a statutory inquiry, ‘on the same scale’ as the Macpherson report that branded the force ‘institutionally racist’, to help overhaul policing in the capital and around the country. The Met says it has launched a series of investigations and reviews in an effort to rebuild trust. A spokeswoman added: ‘But we know we cannot, and are not waiting, to begin building the public’s confidence that our police officers will protect and respect them.’ But Jenn Selby, a former candidate for the WEP, added: ‘As a survivor of rape trying to navigate the system in 2013, I have experienced police misogyny first hand. She recalled an officer telling her that her attacker was ‘very charming’ and staff eating pizza as she re-watched the footage of the incident at Holborn Police Station. ‘I have heard story after story of women who were disrespected, disbelieved and invalidated when they turned to the police for help’, she continued. ‘Lessons remain unlearned, and nothing has changed. ‘We are already living in a society in which rape has been effectively decriminalised and a woman dies every three days at the hands of a violent partner with minimal recourse. ‘Without accountability, there is no trust, and when there is no public trust in the police, we run the very serious risk of watching the system of law and order as we know it collapse completely.’ A Home Office spokeswoman highlighted a new national campaign launched this week called ‘enough’, aiming to challenge perpetrators. ‘The campaign follows the good progress on the commitments in our Tackling Violence Against Women and Girls strategy’, she added. ‘For the first time ever there is a National Police Lead for Violence against Women and Girls, we’ve launched the pilot Safety of Women at Night Fund and we are adding VAWG to the strategic policing requirement making it a priority for forces alongside national threats like terrorism.’ The department has also launched a two-part independent inquiry into Sarah’s murder. The spokeswoman added: ‘Our thoughts go out to all the victims and their families who have suffered from violence, harassment or sexual abuse. We know these crimes disproportionally affect women and girls but we do not accept they are inevitable.’ The Met also insists it is taking action now to combat violence against women and girls. The spokeswoman told Metro.co.uk: ‘We have made it a priority to write to, and speak to, every Met employee to set out the professional standards we expect of them and to support them to help root out those who do not meet our values. The Commissioner has made it clear that “enough is enough”. ‘Our violence against women and girls action plan is designed to bring more offenders to justice, protect the most vulnerable and make our public spaces safer and feel safer for everyone. ‘We asked the public what more they would like to see us doing and they will see we have acted on that feedback and will publish an updated plan at the end of March.’ Meanwhile, around 200 young people assembled at Clapham Common bandstand in south London this evening – the scene of the vigil which turned ugly following police intervention. Two Metropolitan Police officers were among those to lay flowers at the scene. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : London should be ‘sanctuary city’ for abused migrant women, mayoral hopeful says