There is nothing worse than a pair of jeans that are too tight. It can not only ruin your confidence but can also ruin your outfit of the day plans. However, one woman has shared a hack to make too tight jeans bigger and all it takes is a shower. It sounds farfetched, but this appears to be a tried and tested hack. Lily Schoknecht (@Bug318_) shared the trick on her page and we are running to our wardrobe to get the smallest fitting jeans we own. In the clip which is captioned ‘guys this is huge’, Lily explains how she bought a pair of jeans in a size 10 which isn’t her usual size. ‘They were nice and tight,’ she explains. ‘I had a little roll over and I was like okay tough loss. So I was talking to my nana about them and she was like have you showered in them yet and I was like no.’ Lily says her nana told her to shower in them, wear them around the house and let them air dry. ‘I’m like okay, I’m desperate, I’m in love with these jeans,’ Lily says. ‘So I did it last night and I took a shower and this morning I put them on after air drying and they fit perfect.’ Calling it the ‘sustainable hack of the year’, Lily advises anyone else with too tight jeans to try it. The video has received over 2.9 million views and thousands of comments from people who were seriously impressed. ‘Nana knows what’s up,’ wrote one user. ‘So this is how the Sisterhood of the Travelling Pants worked,’ joked another. When asked if the trick was an idea of her grandmother’s or is an old tale, Lily said her nana and her sister used to do it with a bucket of warm water but found showering was easier. However, not everyone was as enthused about having wet jeans. One person commented: ‘Would love to try this but the thought of being in wet jeans makes my skin crawl’. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman shares hack for sizing jeans without ever having to try them on MORE : Mum praised for sharing hack to help baby take medicine MORE : The fashion brands to bookmark for your spring/summer clothes shopping