The sheer devastation brought to the city of Mariupol by Russian forces has been laid bare in new drone footage. Aerial video of the besieged southern city shows much of it has been reduced to rubble after days of shelling. The images released by Ukrainian outlet Pravda show ongoing fighting and that columns of smoke rising from fires have replaced the buildings that once stood there. Mariupol has become of the centres of fighting throughout the conflict and the scene of some of the most notorious atrocities committed by Kremlin troops. Last week, a maternity hospitality was shelled, killing at least four people and injuring several more. A mosque in the city sheltering dozens including as many as 30 children has also been hit. According to figures released by the city council yesterday, 2,187 people had been killed in the port city in less than three weeks. Hundreds of thousands of people are still trapped there without water or energy. The situation in Mariupol has been described as ‘catastrophic’ and ‘nothing short of a nightmare’ by a senior Red Cross official. Robert Mardini said: ‘People are in desperate need to take shelter, and this is why the situation cannot, cannot continue like this. ‘History is watching what is happening in Mariupol and other cities and civilians must be protected. ‘So whether (it’s) a ceasefire, or a combination of a ceasefire and safe evacuation of civilians, is an absolute must.’ Capturing Mariupol has become a key goal for Vladimir Putin’s army, part of a wider strategy to link up the Donbas with southern coastal region. MORE : In the court of Tsar Putin: The key Kremlin figures behind the Ukraine war The city stands between the annexed regions of Donetsk and Crimea, so conquering it would provide a land bridge for Russia. Mariupol is encircled and the Institute for the Study of War have reported that  Russian forces ‘continue to shell the city in a likely effort to force it to capitulate’. It noted that Kremlin troops and proxy forces ‘successfully captured several towns north of Mariupol’ yesterday. Ukraine’s president says nearly 125,000 civilians have been evacuated through safe-passage corridors so far, and a convoy with humanitarian aid is headed to the besieged city of Mariupol. Volodymyr Zelensky said: ‘We have already evacuated almost 125,000 people to the safe territory through humanitarian corridors ‘The main task today is Mariupol. Our convoy with humanitarian aid is two hours away from Mariupol. Only 80km (left). ‘We’re doing everything to counter occupiers who are even blocking Orthodox priests accompanying this aid, food, water and medicine. ‘There are 100 tons of the most necessary things that Ukraine sent to its citizens.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.