Saturday has been celebrated as the hottest day of the year so far, and toasty temperatures are here to stay. Forecasters predict ‘wall-to-wall’ sunshine will continue well into next week. The mercury could hit 20°C s in northwest Scotland and along the Moray coast today, beating this year’s previous warmest record of 17.5°C in Sussex. Elsewhere, temperatures are expected to reach 15°C to 17°C – which is still well above average for March. Met Office meteorologist Annie Shuttleworth said: ‘Today lots of areas will be seeing a very warm day for March, especially in north-west Scotland and parts of the Moray coast. ‘We could see temperatures up to 20°C in that area this afternoon. ‘Away from that we’re likely to see temperatures of the mid to high teens, so highs of about 15°C in London, and then in more western areas, so the north coast of Devon and Cornwall and the north coast of Wales, we can see more like 16°C or 17°C in those areas. ‘It’s because we’ve got high pressure bringing wall-to-wall sunshine for much of the UK today.’ Sunday and Monday will see slightly cooler and cloudier conditions and some showers are possible in south-east England. But warm weather should return everywhere else, with sunshine at its best in western areas. Temperatures are predicted to pick up again into Tuesday and Wednesday, reaching the mid to high teens along with more sunshine and dry conditions. Ms Shuttleworth added: ‘Sunday will be a bit of a cooler day across the UK and a bit more cloud around on Monday and Sunday. ‘But as we head into Tuesday and Wednesday we are keeping with high pressure so things staying dry and temperatures will increase again up to the mid to high teens. ‘There will certainly be some long-lived sunshine but it might not be wall-to-wall sunshine like on a day like today when there’s hardly a cloud in the sky.’ If the mercury reaches 20°C, it will be the first time the mercury has risen that high since October, according to forecasters. However, the hottest ever record temperature for March – 25.6°C in 1968 – is likely to remain untouched. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.