Manchester United managerial target Mauricio Pochettino is keen to return to the Premier League but would rather take back the reins at old club Tottenham, according to reports. The Argentine is one of the leading contenders to succeed Ralf Rangnick in the Old Trafford hotseat in the summer, with Pochettino potentially taking over fresh from landing the first league title of his career with runaway Ligue 1 leaders PSG. Ajax head coach Erik ten Hag is also extremely highly rated by United’s board, while a surprising report emerged last week linking Carlo Ancelotti with the job. Pochettino is believed to be United’s preferred choice, however, with the 50-year-old having enormous Premier League experience thanks to his time at Southampton and Spurs. The former Espanyol boss infamously failed to win any trophies with Spurs but came close in multiple Cup competitions, leading the side to the Champions League final, while he also oversaw Tottenham’s record points tally in the Premier League. Now talkSPORT claim Pochettino is secretly pining for a return to north London over a move to United, with the Argentine having previously suggested he has unfinished business at Spurs. Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy has remained on good terms with Pochettino despite sacking him in 2019 and even tried to bring him back to the club last summer. In the end, PSG activated a clause in his contract that extended his stay by a further year while Spurs appointed Nuno Espirito Santo – who was sacked a few months later and replaced by Antonio Conte. Although the Italian has overseen an upturn in performances compared to Nuno’s time in charge, he has openly questioned his future at the club and it would be of little surprise if Spurs were looking for yet another new manager in the summer. That could open the door for Pochettino to make a heroic return, with the coach having just a year left on his contract and PSG believed to be exploring alternative managers – such as Zinedine Zidane – with fans not especially happy with the current style of football. Pochettino is thought to be keen to take the United job if it is offered to him, but the prospect of the Tottenham hotseat also being vacant come the end of the season could create a big dilemma. MORE : Carlo Ancelotti’s response to Manchester United approach after being recommended by Sir Alex Ferguson MORE : Ajax boss Erik ten Hag ‘having English lessons’ in bid to land Manchester United job For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 