In the last decade, I have worked countless shifts as a junior doctor in NHS hospitals. But I cannot remember a single night shift where I have had access to hot, nutritious food. That’s right, zero, zilch, nada. That’s why I’m part of a national campaign aiming to change this – and we need your support. On many night shifts, the previous evening’s leftover dinner, detritus from a fridge forage or the last minute pre-shift purchase of a meal deal must suffice. But there are times where no amount of willpower or strength can allow me to muster the obligatory amount of self-care needed to pack a meal. A year ago, straight off from maternity leave, having looked after not one but two tonsillitis-ridden children all day, I found myself on a night shift. I was two doctors down and it was chaos of the highest order. Dreadfully unwell patients, resources spread thin, exhausted bodies and minds. Eight hours into my shift, I felt dizzy and leaned against a wall so as to stop myself from collapsing. I realised that I had not had anything to eat or drink for at least 12, maybe 13 hours. I was desperate for something – anything – at all to eat. Of course, there was no hot food available to purchase. The vending machine selling chocolate bars and crisps was broken, smashed to pieces earlier that night by a disorderly patient. The milk in the doctor’s mess had gone off three days ago; patient food was naturally off bounds. Even the box of Roses on the ward was empty, not even a single fudge flavoured one left. I was the most senior doctor on shift that night and the workload was so intense that breaks to go to the toilet are difficult to factor in, let alone a break to sit and eat. Leaving the site to find the nearest shop was impossible because of the risk that any ward patient may have a cardiac arrest or become critically unwell, requiring immediate life-saving treatment that only I could administer. My juniors were looking to me as the dependable tower of strength, somehow resourceful in duress and completely immune to fatigue. Yet there I was, starving, cold, dehydrated, hungry and pushed to a point where vital patient details were blurring into some sort of dirty homogenous grey fog. The reality is that I was skirting at the very edge of making a patient error, one that could both cost me my career – or worse, potentially incur significant harm to a patient. A colleague ended up sharing his lunch with me that night. I managed to bumble through somehow, telling myself that this was just the way it is. That it was somehow my fault that I wasn’t organised enough to bring in my own food from home. Sadly, this is not an isolated incident. Data from the Institute of Health and Social Care has shown us that 38% of staff working in the NHS out-of-hours have access to no food at all i.e. not even a vending machine. Less than 10% have access to freshly-made hot food. It is time to face these facts. The demands on NHS staff are exhausting and ultimately, no one is indispensable. As winner of MasterChef UK 2017 and an NHS gastroenterologist, my dual digestive health doctor-chef credentials put me in a unique position. I see the dire need for substantial change in the NHS food climate. As a chef, I love feeding people in my home because it is my way of showing I care about them. Right now, NHS staff are not fed, and they certainly do not feel like they are cared for by their employer. Conditions are so bad for some that they are leaving the fractured system and staff retention is at record low levels. Neely Mozawala, a community podiatrist and enthusiastic baker founded the No Hungry NHS Staff campaign in Autumn 2021. It is a grassroots movement that aims to make the 24/7 provision of hot, affordable and nutritious food a reality for all NHS staff. We aim to place political pressure and raise awareness through our evolving social media campaign. In these ways, we will eradicate hunger, benefit the physical and mental wellbeing of staff and, in turn, improve the quality of patient care. She approached me on Twitter early in the new year and I knew from the first moment I saw the campaign that I was going to wholeheartedly lend it my support. We quickly became campaign partners and realised that we are kindred spirits, sharing a vision for 24/7 NHS food. A lot needs to change. To pile on the political pressure, we are asking supporters of the campaign to write to their MPs – which we have created a template for. The aim is for their Member of Parliament to sign an Early Day Motion to give NHS staff access to hot, nutritious food, which is a formal proposal submitted by a Member of Parliament for debate in the the House of Commons. It has been set up by MP John McDonnell and has gained cross party support so far with 21 signatures. We have also created a petition, which we urge everyone to sign. We are working tooth and nail and using every social media outlet at our disposal to ensure that 24/7 provision of NHS food stops being just a recommendation. We need this to be fully mandated in the Health and Social Care Bill that is expected to be passed next month. Access to a decent meal while at work is the very least NHS staff deserve. Take a step back and remember that food is actually a basic human right. A right that is being infringed all too often in NHS facilities overnight. Please help us change this, once and for all, and forevermore. You can find out more about Dr Saliha Mahmood-Ahmed and Neely Mozawala’s No Hungry Staff campaign on their website here. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing James.Besanvalle@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : NHS staff are worth more than the absolute joke of a 3% pay rise – we deserve 15% MORE : This is Going to Hurt is a true reflection of what life is like for NHS doctors MORE : There’s a bed and staffing crisis in the NHS – we all deserve better than this