Two non-league football clubs have created history after they set a newworld record for the longest ever penalty shoot-out. A total of 54 spot-kicks were needed to separate winning team Washington FCfrom Bedlington Terriers in a shootout which eventually finished 25-24. Amazingly, there were more penalties taken during the League Cup tie inSunderland, than there were fans attending. The sides finished level after drawing 3-3 in regular time in front of just 40 spectators, meaning penalties were needed to determine a winner. The previous Guinness Record for the longest shoot-out stood at 48 meaning the two clubs, who both play in the Ebac Northern League, are now world record holders. Rob Cutler, Washington’s club treasurer of eight years, witnessed thethrilling conclusion and said: ‘The reaction from everyone was just amazement. ‘Everyone in the crowd was getting more and more excited the longer it went on. I don’t think anyone was thinking that we were going to set a world record but clearly it was going on for a very long time. ‘I did shout over to the referee at one point and asked if he had ever experienced anything like this and he said no. It was really tense and we ended up being stood behind the goal for quite a while watching it all happen. ‘We finished the game just after half-past nine and I got home just after11pm which is near the ground, so I think the shoot-out must have lasted between 45 and 50 minutes.’ The previous record belonged to KK Palace and Civics, who saw 48 penaltiestaken during a Namibian Cup match in 2005. Each player on both sides had to take at least two each but some evenstepped up three times. Finance director, Rob, 50, added: ‘It’s just incredible that we’re now partof a world record. We didn’t realise the record at the time, it wasn’t until this morning we knew for definite. ‘The only other claim to fame we’ve had was when we signed former Premier League player Pascal Chimbonda, but this is something else. I was there with my son and it was brilliant for the pair of us to witness history. It has literally never happened before. ‘It was a late night and I don’t think many of us got much sleep. We’re all volunteers and everyone is back at work today, but it’s not easy to sleep when things like last night happen. ‘Our families make big sacrifice for us in grassroots football but momentslike last night make it all worthwhile and it’s great to be part of.’ MORE : Antonio Conte says Chelsea situation’s is ‘not simple’ after Roman Abramovich sanction MORE : UK Government open to Chelsea sale after Roman Abramovich sanction For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 