Sometimes we all just need a little treat. Whether that’s a relaxing bath, a sweet snack or a spot of retail therapy, a bit of self-care is great for a mental and wellness boost. This week’s Fit List is filled with goodies for you to indulge with from nourishing hair masks to super-soft yoga sets. So go on, treat yourself! Looking for a home spa experience? Ishga’s Seaweed Bath is rich in antioxidants, amino acids and vitamins, to help with aches and pains and skin conditions such as psoriasis, eczema, and acne. Buy for £25 from Ishga. Sweet Cakey Thing creates delicious and indulgent cakes using almond flour, coconut milk and natural sugars. Their tagline is ‘all the cake, no cr@p’ and they taste anything but healthy. Delivery nationwide. Buy from £15 at Sweet Cakey Thing. Pantene’s new Hydra Glow leave-in serums work to hydrate and nourish your hair. Overnight Beauty Reset is nutrient-rich with biotin and baobab essence, vitamin C and hyaluronic acid, while Thirsty Ends Quencher smooths split ends and adds moisture. Buy for £9.99 from Boots. Universal Performance has released a buttery-soft, ethical yoga set made from certified organic cotton and durable recycled polyamide. The seamless Bra Top (£34) and Leggings (£40) are designed for low-impact exercise and contoured to flatter your body shape. Shop the collection at Universal Performance. If you love their PROPER crisps, we highly recommend the brand’s new PROPER Caramelised Biscuit flavour popcorn. Coming in at 134kcals per serving, it’s the perfect Saturday night snack. Buy for £1.59 (£15.00 for eight 90g bags) from PROPER. Looking for answers? Bigger Than Us: The Power Of Finding Meaning In A Messy World, by TV and radio presenter Fearne Cotton, offers advice from renowned spiritual leaders on topics including happiness and hope. Buy for £8.49 from Amazon. Spice up your run, walk or cycle session with a pair of Badass Mother Runners shorts. The prints are pretty wild and the fabric is chafe-proof, squat-proof and moisture-wicking. They come with a high-rise waistband for comfort, andin sizes 6-20. Buy for £25 from Badass Mother Runners. Boost your water intake with a Spruce natural fruit powder. A bit like squash or cordial, they’re sugar free, vitamin-packed and come in compostable sachets. Buy Spruce Taster kit for £18 (36 drinks) from Spruce. Cult beauty brand Kate Somerville has expanded its EradiKate Collection to include Blemish Mark Fading Gel (£58.22) and Clarifying Blemish Gel Cleanser (£38). Shop the collection at Space NK. Triumph’s new Triaction activewear collection includes five bra options for varying levels of support, going up to an H-cup and ranging from Hybrid Lite (padded with power straps and anti-bounce control) to Energy Lite (feels like a second skin). Buy from £46 at Triumph. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The 20-minute workout: Five intense lower-body moves MORE : These fun fitness alternatives will help get teen girls active