A man who kidnapped his girlfriend in a van before she was found with catastrophic injuries has had his sentence more than doubled. Chay Bowskill, then 20, snatched Angel Lynn, then 19, into a vehicle driven by his friend Rocco Sansome before they sped off along the A6 near Loughborough in September 2020. Angel suffered brain damage when she fell out of the van at 60mph and, as of last month, remained in a care home unable to communicate, walk or feed herself. Bowskill, from Syston, Leicestershier, was initially handed a seven-and-a-half year sentence after being convicted of kidnap following a trial at Leicester Crown Court. But the term was increased to 16 years and three months on Wednesday after it was referred to the Court of Appeal under the Unduly Lenient Sentences scheme by Solicitor General Alex Chalk QC. Giving a summary of the judges’ decision, Dame Victoria Sharp said the original term ‘failed to reflect the seriousness of the kidnap’ and the harm caused to Ms Lynn as a result. Angels family gasped as the judge told the court of the increased sentence, while Bowskill, who appeared via a video-link from prison wearing a grey sweatshirt, shook his head as he heard the result. Bowskill’s trial also saw him convicted of coercive and controlling behaviour as well as perverting the course of justice following a trial. He was found not guilty of causing grievous bodily harm. Bowskill, who had been Angel’s boyfriend for about a year before the incident, coerced and controlled her throughout their relationship and threatened her with violence several times, Dame Victoria told the court. He even tried to intimidate his own mother into retracting a statement she gave to police about his behaviour towards the teenager after the incident, the judge added. His accomplice, Sansome, from Birstall, Leicestershire, who was also 20 at the time, was also found guilty of kidnap and sentenced to 21 months in prison. The judges said his sentence ‘should have been longer’ but that, in all the circumstances, including the fact he is close to being released, decided not to alter it. In a statement released after the sentencing hearing, Ms Lynn’s family said: ‘Angel was so full of life and had such a great future ahead of her. That future has sadly been taken away from her. ‘The catastrophic injuries Angel suffered will mean life will never be the same for her or our family. ‘Every day is not only a huge struggle for Angel but also a huge struggle for our family and friends.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.