A widow has lost her fight to prove she and her children mourned at the wrong grave because her husband’s ashes were secretly handed to her mother-in-law. Kathleen Walsham sued funeral company Dignity claiming it was liable to pay out for the psychiatric injury they suffered through the experience. She had stipulated her husband Kieron Kenny’s ashes be scattered in a garden of rest near their east London home when he died aged 43 in 1989. Mrs Walsham said her husband would have preferred this to an urn as he was ‘very claustrophobic and scared of the dark’ and would have wanted to be ‘set free’. For the next 27 years, Mrs Walsham and her three children visited the garden of rest at the East London Cemetery, West Ham, to pay respects, until in 2016 they were shocked when told Mr Kenny’s ashes had been handed to his mum Iris Garbutt and buried in a grave in Essex. According to her grandson James Briggs, Mrs Garbutt – who had fallen out with her son and his family years before his death – secretly obtained his ashes from an employee of the cemetery and interred them in a grave that only her side of the family knew about. Following Mrs Garbutt’s death, the story emerged and a grave bearing Mr Kenny’s name at Eastbrookend Cemetery, Dagenham, was disinterred in 2016 under a warrant from the Ministry of Justice. An urn containing material was found inside and it was scattered in the River Thames. Mrs Walsham told the Central London County Court: ‘We would go there on anniversaries, birthdays and Fathers Day to grieve.. Often I would go there anyway to be near him.’ But Judge David Saunders has now dismissed the claim after finding that the family have no evidence that the ashes of the late Mr Kenny ever found their way into the wrong hands or the wrong grave. He said there was no expert evidence to confirm whether the contents of the exhumed urn contained Mr Kenny’s ashes or not, since they had been scattered in the Thames before being tested. The court heard Mr Kenny and Mrs Walsham, a former legal secretary, went to primary school together and were teenage sweethearts, getting married when they were 21. Mrs Garbutt and her son had fallen out before that and refused to attend their wedding, the judge was told. The couple went on to have three children, but the rift between them and Mrs Garbutt and her side of the family never healed, the court heard. After he died, it fell to his widow as his next of kin to decide what would happen to his remains. She offered an olive branch to her estranged mother-in-law and allowed her full access to her plans and arrangements for the funeral, but was then betrayed, she told the judge in the witness box. James Rozier, for Dignity, denied the ashes ever found their way into the wrong hands or the wrong grave. Finding against the widow, the judge said: ‘I conclude on the evidence and the burden of proof that the deceased’s ashes were scattered in the ornamental garden of East London Cemetery in 1989. ‘Mrs Walsham has therefore not discharged the burden of proof upon her and the claim is dismissed.’ The judge ruled that a costs order against the family would not be enforced despite their claim failing. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.