Criticism always stings. Particularly in a professional capacity. Maybe you messed up on a project, or could be working more efficiently. Maybe your boss has noticed that you’ve been distracted recently, or struggling to hit deadlines. Whatever it is, being told that you need to improve, or could be doing something better, is never the most pleasant experience. For those of us who are people pleasers or perfectionists, criticism at work can feel incredibly personal. But it doesn’t have to be negative. Most of the time, a criticism about something you’ve done at work is nothing to do with you as a person – and it could actually make you better at your job, or even help you enjoy your job more in the long-run. So, how do you get to a point where you can use criticism constructively – rather than crying in the toilets, or silently seething at your desk for the rest of the day? While it does take practice, there are methods you can use to help you understand the benefits of criticism and respond in an equally constructive way. Careers mentor and founder of The Profs, Richard Evans, has shared his top tips on how to deal with criticism at work in a positive way: ‘The first step to accepting criticism is to listen carefully and remain relaxed,’ says Richard. He says if you act irrationally or are fixated on arguing your side, you might miss the valid points in your manager or colleague’s argument. ‘When you spend time understanding what is being said and why they are saying it, you might find that the criticism is not as bad as you first thought,’ he adds. ‘Having a relaxed mindset will help you to respond in a fair and constructive way.’ Before going into a negative defence, Richard suggests asking questions to make sure you are really understanding your critic’s point of view. ‘Again, once you understand exactly what needs improvement and why, the criticism may not be as bad as you first thought,’ he says. ‘Avoid engaging in a debate and instead get to the root of the actual issues being raised so that you can work together to find solutions to them.’ ‘The most common mistake people make when dealing with criticism is taking it personally,’ says Richard. ‘Although it can be hard not to take it to heart, in most cases, criticism at work won’t be directly linked to you as a person. ‘In fact, in a work environment, constructive criticism is an important part of a manager’s job as it helps their employees to grow and improve.’ Letting your manager or co-worker know your side is encouraged, however Richard advises to be careful not to become defensive or make excuses. ‘Try to approach criticism in a positive and constructive way by owning up to any mistakes (we all make them) and explaining what you will do differently moving forward,’ he says. This can be the hardest part in the process, but Richard stresses that it’s very important. ‘Make sure you thank your critic for sharing their feedback with you and let them know you appreciated them taking the time to offer their opinion,’ he says. ‘Expressing your gratitude doesn’t mean you have to agree with everything they’ve said, but it does show that you acknowledge the effort they’ve made and that you’re willing to continue to improve and grow as an employee.’ Of course, if criticism at work becomes too frequent, or you feel it is unfair or deliberately personal – that’s when you need to take action. Make sure you make a note of any persistently hostile behaviour from people in your workplace, and speak to HR if the problem starts to affect your ability to work or your mental wellbeing. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to deal with ‘singleness envy’ in a long-term relationship MORE : Louis Vuitton brown is the hair colour of the moment – how to perfect the designer inspired shade MORE : How to use gentle discipline rather than smacking a child