Chelsea has been accused of failing to grasp the seriousness of sanctions against the club or why they were imposed. The club asked to play this weekend’s FA Cup quarter final against Middlesbrough behind closed doors. However, referring to Roman Abramovich they were told they should ‘focus on moving their club into the hands of someone who isn’t linked to a warmonger’. Under sanctions issued by Downing Street, Abramovich must not profit in the UK, meaning Chelsea are blocked from selling any more tickets. Talks with government failed and now the club have questioned the ‘sporting integrity’ of this weekend’s game if Chelsea fans could not attend. A senior source was quoted as saying: ‘We are working around the clock to enable Chelsea to continue operating as a club in the interests of fans. ‘This statement threatening Middlesbrough and the rest of the football league shows they do not seem to understand the seriousness of the situation they are in, being owned by an entity that has been sanctioned because of links to a person responsible for appalling acts in Ukraine. ‘We are not opposed to Chelsea having fans at games in the long run, but we will now allow money from ticket sales to flow to a sanctioned entity. ‘Chelsea should spend less time worrying about having a few thousand fans at one game, and focus on moving their club into the hands of someone who isn’t linked to a warmonger.’ In response to Chelsea’s request, meanwhile, the Football Association will convene on Wednesday ahead of making a decision on Saturday’s fixture. An FA spokesperson said: ‘We are aware of Chelsea FC’s request to play their Emirates FA Cup Quarter Final tie against Middlesbrough FC behind closed doors. The matter will be discussed at the Professional Game Board meeting tomorrow.’ FA chief executive Mark Bullingham was being grilled by a Digital, Culture, Media and Sport select committee at the time the news broke about Chelsea’s request. When pushed for a response from the parliamentary panel, he said: ‘When we step back and look at what the Government is trying to achieve with the sanctions on Mr Abramovich, it’s clearly to put pressure on Mr Putin. ‘I don’t believe the intention is to prevent Chelsea fans going to games or away fans to come to Stamford Bridge. It’s incredibly complicated to put a sanction in place at short notice and that will all need working through. ‘I think the end-state will be something where the Government lends a licence to allow fans to go to games. I think that hasn’t been possible in time for this weekend. ‘What Chelsea are going to do is appeal to the FA Cup committee and that will take a view on what should happen. My personal point of view would be: I would expect the game to go ahead but I can’t say more than that. It could prejudice any discussions that are going on at the moment. There’s a due process to be followed and I’m sure they get to the right conclusion. I can’t say more to prejudice the outcome of that proceeding.’ MORE : Kai Havertz happy to pay his own way during Chelsea’s travel budget sanctions MORE : Chelsea ask for Middlesbrough FA Cup tie to be played behind closed doors over ban on selling tickets to fans For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 