Canoe fraudster John Darwin is travelling to Ukraine to fight against Russian forces, his second wife says. Mercy Mae Avila Darwin, 48, says her husband is ‘on his way’ to the war-torn country and has a bullet proof vest and ‘good life insurance’. John, 71, made headlines after tricking insurers, authorities and even his two sons that he died in a canoeing accident in the North Sea in 2002. The ex-prison officer’s first wife, Anne, was able to claim £500,000 from insurers while the couple wiped off their £700,000 debt and planned a new life together in Panama. Before the move to central America, John spent five years living in a secret room hidden behind a wardrobe at the family home in Seaton Carew, County Durham. It was only when a photo emerged of the couple smiling alongside an estate agent in Panama in 2007 that their scheme unravelled. After some changes in the country’s visa laws, John decided to return under his real name. He walked into a London police station and claimed he had amnesia and had no memory of the past five years. But the photo with the estate agent was brought to investigators’ attention and the couple were each jailed for more than six years for fraud in 2008. They separated while they were both serving time. John went on to meet his second wife Mercy online, with whom he has lived in the Philippines. They wed in 2015. When asked about the danger posed by her husband travelling to Ukraine, the mum-of-three told the Mirror: ‘Yes, dangerous for the Russian when he shoot them (sic). ‘He will have a bullet proof vest and good life insurance, good for me.’ Anne, 69, has managed to rebuild her relationship with Mark and Anthony, the two sons she deceived about their dad’s death. But one of the boys has disowned John over the scam. News of the conman’s trip to Ukraine comes ahead of an ITV drama on the saga ending next month. ‘The Thief, His Wife And The Canoe’, airing next month, exploring the culpability of Anne. More than 20,000 people from 52 countries have joined Ukraine’s foreign legion as President Volodymyr Zelensky invites people to apply. He signed a decree waiving visas for any foreign nationals wanting to join the Ukrainian army, while the foreign affairs ministry launched a website providing details about how to apply. Russia has warned that foreigners caught in battle would be treated a mercenaries and criminals and would not get the same protections as prisoners of war. Moscow is also recruiting as many as 16,000 fighters from Syria and elsewhere in the Middle East to join the attack on Ukraine. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.