Jodie Turner-Smith has pulled off perhaps her most daring social media stunt yet after shaving off her eyebrows. Days after posing nude on the ‘gram with husband Joshua Jackson, the Queen & Slim actress shared video of her undergoing her drastic makeover. In the clip which was shared to her Instagram stories on Wednesday, Jodie, 35, is seen sitting back in a chair as a stylist gets to work shaving off her left eyebrow with a razor. ‘Bye bye brows,’ she captioned the clip offering no explanation as to why. However, a clue may lie in the background as Jodie appears to be sitting in a trailer perhaps on a movie or TV set. Naturally, fans had questions with one tweeting: ‘Someone please tell me why Jodie Turner-Smith shaved off her eyebrows?!’ ‘This is… a look,’ another commented. Jodie is known for pulling shockers on social media and she set the internet on fire earlier this week after sharing a photo of her posing naked on Instagram. In the photo, the Anne Boleyn star is seen standing on a balcony with her back towards the camera as her husband and Dawson’s Creek actor Joshua standing beside her, dressed in a tuxedo and covering her modesty. Another shot shows her standing with her arms spread out in the air, no doubt flashing pedestrians casually strolling below the Waldorf Astoria Beverly Hills hotel where she was posing. The risque photo shoot took place at the Critics Choice Awards earlier this month where, yes, Jodie did eventually wear clothes on the red carpet. ‘The cat that got the cream,’ Jodie cheekily captioned the post, to which Joshua, 43, replied: ‘You’re talking about me right? I’m the cat that got the cream…because…wow.’ Jodie and Joshua began dating in late 2018 and tied the knot the following year. In November 2019, it was revealed that the couple were expecting their first child and they welcomed daughter Janie, now one, in May 2021. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kelly Clarkson face-plants the floor after being shown up by Anne Hathaway: ‘Should I just quit?’ MORE : GMB’s Ranvir Singh confronts ‘out of touch’ Rishi Sunak over ‘millionaire’s lifestyle’ after backlash to spring budget 