One of the most celebrated duos on British TV, Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders, are set to reunite once again in a special skit for Comic Relief’s Red Nose Day reviving characters from their hit comedy show. If that wasn’t enough, the pair’s sketch is going to be centred around The Repair Shop – one of the most heartwarming, tear-jerking programmes of recent years. Ever since French and Saunders launched in 1987, Dawn and Jennifer have had the nation in stitches of laughter, leading many to hope that it could be renewed in future. While the stars have vowed that will not happen, their upcoming Comic Relief episode will undoubtedly spread joy to many people watching the charity fundraiser at home. The comedy duo are set to reprise their French and Saunders roles of ‘The Extras’, with old sketches depicting them arriving on sets to work as extras, but annoying directors with their overacting and bugging the actors by being too familiar with them. So it sounds like The Repair Shop stars Steve Fletcher and Jay Blades are going to have their work cut out for them! In the skit, the extras will try to weasel their way into bagging a free fix from The Repair Shop team, all the while expressing their excitement over meeting foreman Jay. However, he’ll send them packing, despite their desperate attempts to remain in the work room. Speaking about the sketch, 64-year-old Dawn – who was previously married to Comic Relief co-founder Lenny Henry – admitted that she doesn’t believe they’ve ‘ever said no to Comic Relief because it just is too important, and because it’s from our community, and we were there right at the beginning’. ‘I know that the money is spent correctly and I know that there are projects that are ongoing that need us to be ongoing and I wouldn’t ever want to let anyone down,’ she said. ‘So I think the more that we can do to boost and support, the better!’ Jennifer, 63, added: ‘As I watched The Repair Shop, I thought all I could ever see was these characters going into The Repair Shop, or me and Dawn, pretending to mend something or imitating the characters. You know, I just thought, this is the show for us.’ She continued: ‘Then Comic Relief said we’ve got The Repair Shop and it was like the perfect thing. It was so perfect!’ Jay teased that Dawn and Jennifer’s performances in the barn will be a ‘real treat’ for fans’, remarking: ‘I can’t believe the chaos that those two caused!’ ‘We’re always surprised by what we see in the barn, but trust me, we’ve not seen anything like this in the barn before – you must watch it to see how funny it was. For fans of the show it’s a real treat!’ he said. Red Nose Day 2022 for Comic Relief airs on Friday March 18 from 7pm on BBC One and BBC iPlayer. The Repair Shop returns on Monday March 14, airing weekdays at 3.45pm on BBC One and BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders considering new sitcom and we’re already obsessed MORE : Jennifer Saunders fell asleep on stage during Dawn French’s monologue: ‘I actually nodded off’ 