Julia Fox loves a denim look, and she’s not doing it by halves. The Uncut Gems star, 32, bared her toned midriff in a head-to-toe denim ensemble as she enjoyed a night out at Sunset Towers in Los Angeles. Her appearance comes just after she insisted ex-flame Kanye West is not a danger to Kim Kardashian or her new beau Pete Davidson, following his concerning messages and posts. As the actress stepped out on Thursday evening, she turned heads in a full-denim look – yes, even her handbag and boots were denim. Not only that, but the bag was made out of jeans and had literal pockets, with the shoulder strap made from the legs. Meanwhile, her teeny tiny top was made from the cut-up waist bad of her low-rise skinnies. Julia also added a brown leader trench and kept her make-up and hair pretty simple. It seems the model would rather carry a bag made from a pair of jeans rather than the Birkin that ex Kanye gave her for her birthday in February. Julia previously shared she’s too nervous to carry it around, with the bag costing thousands of dollars. Julia dated the Donda rapper at the start of 2022, enjoying a whirlwind romance after meeting on New Year’s Eve. However, they recently split as Kanye began posting rants on Instagram aimed at ex wife Kim and her new boyfriend, SNL host Pete. The star was asked by TMZ if she thought her former lover could pose a danger to Kim and Pete, and she was confident that wasn’t a possibility. ‘Kanye is harmless,’ she insisted. She said the online threats was Kanye’s ‘artistic, creative expression,’ adding: ‘I know it’s aggressive but if it came down to it I don’t think Kanye would hurt a fly.’ When asked, however, if the rapper could pose a danger to himself, she admitted she ‘wasn’t sure’ and said that while she hasn’t spoken to him recently, she would give him a call. KUWTK star Kim filed for divorce from Kanye last February, and the two share four children: North, Saint, Psalm and Chicago. The Skims founder recently went Instagram-official with her new relationship. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cher offers to house Ukrainian refugees in her home amid ongoing Russian invasion MORE : Mariah Carey mortified as she accidentally sends Shawn Mendes private joke 