A woman is being taken to court after a neighbour complained that as many as 10 cockerels were waking them up at 4am every day. Jess Marson will appear before magistrates on Friday over claims she failed to reduce the disturbances despite being warned to take action. The 33-year-old, from Clayton West, West Yorkshire, has a pig, two goats, two geese, 51 chickens, nine ducks, two guinea pigs and three cats on a patch of semi-rural land she leases from a dairy farmer. When her neighbour complained to Kirklees Council that they were being woken up by cockerels crowing at dawn, Jess was served with a noise abatement notice. Jess, a self-confessed ‘crazy chicken lady’, now fears she may have to give up her animals as she heads to court. ‘Obviously, it is not nice when you are being woken up but this is a semi-rural area and I rent the land from a local farmer,’ she said. ‘They’re like my babies. I don’t have children and I don’t intend to have any. ‘I’ve always grown up with animals and as an adult, I can have any animals I want. These are the ones I want. ‘I want to spend time with them they’re like my children, I have put so much time and effort into them. ‘The cockerels would have to be rehomed. They may have to be euthanised, in the worst-case scenario, I wouldn’t be able to keep any cockerels at all. ‘It would end my hobby of keeping my favourite breed of chicken.’ Jess has leased the plot where she keeps her smallholding for three years. One resident told the council the noise from the ‘crowing cockerels’ was affecting their daily life. They said: ‘This is not just a single bird crowing occasionally, with multiple birds being kept. ‘Typically, once one starts other birds join in with almost continual crowing either simultaneously or consecutively.’ The complainant alleges ‘at least six cockerels have been kept and possibly 10 or more since 2019’ when they made their first complaint. However, Jess has said she does not believe her cockerels are responsible for the noise and claims to have the support of others who live nearby. Jess said she knew people who lived closer to her land than the complainant who ‘don’t have a problem with the chickens’ and ‘have never complained about the noise’. ‘I feel this person is just out to cause trouble,’ she said. ‘I’ve had this bit of land for about three years and the numbers of cockerels have increased since then. ‘But they’ve reported that we have 10 plus cockerels, but that’s just not true. I have six at the moment.’ Jess says she visits her smallholding every day and often spent around ‘six hours’ there in the summer, giving people ‘plenty of opportunities’ to visit her if they had a problem. Councillor Will Simpson, of Kirkless Council, said: ‘Kirklees Council’s Environmental Health team will be attending magistrates court in March with regards to breaches of a noise abatement notice relating to cockerels. ‘It is fairly rare for Environmental Health to prosecute for noise from cockerels with prosecution always seen as the last course of action where informal measures and negotiations have failed.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.