Imagine hardly seeing your child for six years. Or being that little girl living day-to-day without their mummy by their side. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe has barely seen her only daughter, Gabriella, for six long years. That’s six years of World Book Day outfits, parents’ evenings, growth spurts and Disney singalongs. Six years without side glances of how much they’ve grown, how much they’re turning into you. It was during a 2016 visit to show her mini-me grandchild to her Iranian family – being so proud of her dark-haired, dark-eyed doppelganger – when British-Iranian charity worker Nazanin was arrested. The project manager was then jailed for ‘indefensible’ spying charges, and acts of propaganda against the Iranian government – of which the mother-of-one has strongly, and repeatedly, denied. There was also the mention of a £400m debt, owed by Britain for an arms deal to Iran from 1979 for 1,500 Chieftain tanks that the British Government refused to pay for – until now. Her accountant husband Richard, 46, described his 43-year-old wife as a ‘pawn’ in complicated geopolitics – a key player in a lazy game of chess between Britain and Iran – one that started before Nazinin was even born. Nazanin is a woman who went from project manager of the Thomsons Reuters Foundation to a long-distance mum, suffering from ‘major depression’ and PTSD – who was interrogated ‘for hours’, often blindfolded and in solitary confinement in an Iranian prison for a crime she claims she didn’t commit. Born and raised in Iran, she met her husband Richard through mutual friends after moving to the UK to study for a Masters in Communications Management. They married in Winchester in 2009, welcoming their only daughter Gabriella in June 2014. Before her esteemed project manager role, the mother-of-one worked for BBC Media Action for 18 months, a charity that engaged with ‘the power of media and communication to help reduce poverty and support people in understanding their rights.’ She cared for people – perhaps more than she cared for herself. Except, in prison, Nazanin was a mother that listened to ‘her female guard talking loudly to her child while separated from her own daughter – developing a form of OCD around washing, as well as suffering hair loss, PTSD and obsessive stress disorders from the ‘extremely stressful, traumatising experiences in the prisons of Iran’. She admitted that her mental health has been ‘pretty fragile’ in her imprisoned years and said that not being able to hold her only seven-year-old daughter was ‘the deepest torture of them all’. Back in 2016, the dual national had been taking her British-born daughter Gabriella to visit her parents in Tehran and experience Nowruz, the Persian New Year festival. Beginning on the Spring equinox, it is a celebration of humans and nature. Little did she know she’d soon come to experience the true depths of the toxicity of human nature. After being arrested at Imam Khomeini Airport on her return back to the UK, within weeks she went from a family home in North West London to a 1.5-2 metres squared, windowless cell where she could not tell the difference between day and night. The Evening Standard shockingly reported that her toddler daughter, who then lived with her grandparents in Iran, had to wear ‘a sack over her head’ when she first visited her mother in jail, to disguise where she was being held. ‘There were times I could not breathe,’ Nazanin said, revealing the light was left on ‘all the time’ while she slept on a ‘dirty mat on the floor with a thin blanket’ – allowed one sanitary pad a month. After 150 days in detention, she was sentenced to five years imprisonment on charges that ‘remain secret’. In 2017, Nazanin faced two more charges, alleging she joined organisations attempting to overthrow the Iranian Government. It’s the same year that she found lumps on her breasts and admitted to be on the verge of a ‘nervous breakdown’, suffering panic attacks while her husband campaigned for her release 4,000 miles away. She spent her time sewing facemasks and making wallets for Boris Johnson – the man who could kill or cure her. Little did she know that her family were suffering just as much, with her husband completing a 21 day hunger strike outside of central London’s foreign office – and her daughter writing letters to the prime minister, asking to be the first to cuddle her mummy upon release. Asking if she’ll ever be home for Christmas. And her government’s comments on what she was doing in Iran, on family visits? ‘I don’t know,’ blustered Michael Gove, before her own Prime Minister made the biggest blunder of them all, criticising Iran for detaining Nazanin at a meeting of the House of Commons’ Foreign Affairs Select Committee in November 2017. He wrongly said: ‘When I look at what Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe was doing, she was simply teaching people journalism as I understand it.’ In 2018, Nazanin had a chink of light in the form of a temporary three-day release with her daughter – the first time since her arrest in April 2016. After being called in her night clothes, she had a mere 10 minutes to get ready. Still, she remained positive. ‘It will be just awesome for Gabriella to have mummy home finally’ she said. ‘We can play with her dolls’ house, and she can show me her toys. ‘The thought of brushing her hair, and giving her a bath, of being able to take her to the park, and feed her, and sleep next to her – it just kills me. It is still so hard to believe,’ she went on. On her return to her cell, Nazanin pleaded for more time with her daughter, lamenting to Iranian authorities: ‘How can you take me away from my baby, when she needs me? I haven’t done anything wrong. ‘I have spent two-and-a-half years in prison, and I haven’t committed any crime.’ When she returns to her cell, she ‘blacks out’. In 2019, her daughter left Iran to start school in the UK – but without her mummy by her side or there to hold her hand as she nervously took her first steps through the school gates. Simple moments, such as taking a quick picture by the front door in her smart new uniform or packing her matching lunchbox and backpack, were missed. A moment of many that no parent should be absent for. ‘She’s a bit shy, a bit traumatised, she hasn’t seen daddy for a long time,’ Richard said. ‘And there’s a language problem, so she takes a while to feel safe. She has promised mummy she is going to be brave.’ That Mother’s Day, her devoted husband visited the Iranian embassy with the Mother’s Day card, signed by 20,000 people, that Nazanin would never receive, alongside 155 bunches of tulips – 155 being the number of weeks she’d spent in prison. Last March, Richard opened up to Grazia about the heartbreaking impact Nazanin’s imprisonment has had on their life – and their dashed attempts to have a second child. ‘She always wanted to come back and have another baby, having lost out on Gabriella’s childhood,’ he said. ‘And obviously, you know, she was taken age 37, she’s now 42. Those are quite critical years to lose if you’re trying for a baby. ‘Our bodies have moved on,’ added Richard. Last year, Nazanin was placed under house arrest – complete with an ankle tag – but her fight was far from over. While she was able to Facetime her husband and daughter for hours at a time, often baking brownies, she faced more prison time after an appeal for attending a London protest 12 years ago fell through. But Richard’s love for his wife, though thousands of miles away, was ‘unchanged’. Liberal Democrat MP Christine Jardine wrote for The Scotsman that ‘His love for, and commitment to his wife was inspirational.’ She described how last year Richard needed a medical drip as a consequence of his ‘relentless’ campaigning and protests. Thankfully, after six year’s imprisonment – and Britain repaying its £400m debt to Iran after months of diplomatic negotiations – Nazanin has finally been released alongside retired London-based engineer Anoosheh Ashoori, 67, and Iranian-American Morad Tahbaz. ‘It is a real day of joy,’ her sister-in-law, Rebecca Ratcliffe said, admitting that it was ‘a bit overwhelming’ after years of campaigning. Of Gabriella, Rebecca said that they are ‘finally reunited and she gets to hug her mummy and actually gets her mummy to kiss her goodnight, which is what she’s wanted for a long time now.’ In response to news that Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe and Anoosheh Ashoori were reportedly on their way home to the UK after years in arbitrary detention in Iran, Jo Atkins-Potts, Amnesty International UK’s urgent actions campaigner, said: ‘This is a huge relief and great news for Nazanin, Anoosheh and their families who have all been through so much. ‘When they’re back, we hope that Nazanin, Anoosheh and their families will be given the space and support they may need after what has clearly been an immensely gruelling ordeal.’ And the first thing Nazanin requested? ‘The first thing she wanted was for me to make her a cup of tea,’ her husband said. ‘There will probably be a couple of days peace and quiet somewhere else, and then back here. ‘I think actually we were looking at the house and it needs a bit of tidying, so there might be a bit of tidying, perhaps directed by mummy,’ he added. ‘There is a big grin on her face in that photo (on the plane). It is going to be lovely to see her, lovely to catch up with her,’ her husband said. ‘We’ve chosen which toys we’re taking so that she can get to see them. We’re looking forward to a new life.’ Foreign secretary Liz Truss said: ‘They have faced hardship that no family should ever experience and this is a moment of great relief.’ As Nazanin finally walked on British soil for the first time in six years, alongside Anoosheh Ashoori, videos on social media revealed the emotional reunion after a ‘long and cruel separation’. Seven-year-old Gabriella can be heard asking ‘Is that mummy?’ – running towards her, shouting ‘mummy’ as she walks down the plane’s steps, wearing a navy dress, with a bright yellow scarf and matching handbag. The sunshine in the darkness. Families sobbed, while Nazanin kissed her young daughter, holding her tight, asking her: ‘Do I smell nice?’ Little would her daughter know that it was surely the scent of her daughter, her soap and shampoo, that kept Nazanin strong during her years of traumatic detainment. She’ll enjoy that cup of tea more than ever now she can share it with the ones she loves most. ‘We will survive and we will catch up on lost time,’ Richard said in an interview earlier this year. ‘We just need to keep that in sight. For so long we’ve needed to be guarded when it’s come to looking forward to things. Soon it will be time to relax. ‘There’s no point hoarding the injustices. In the end, it is the kindness that will linger.’ Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Claie.Wilson@metro.co.uk Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe: Timeline from arrest in Iran to release six years later MORE : Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe finally reunited with family in UK as ‘new life’ beckons MORE : Nazanin released from Iran after UK settled £400,000,000 debt to Iran