Is being a ‘super-mum’ just a bit too much? According to a new report by healthcare insurer Bupa UK, pressure to achieve super-mum status is having a detrimental effect on the mental health of Britain’s mothers. It found that nearly two thirds of mothers have driven themselves to exhaustion in their quest to be a ‘super-mum’, with one fifth saying the plight has affected their mental health. A ‘super-mum’ is defined as an exemplary or exceptional mother, especially one who successfully manages a home and brings up children while having a full-time job. The term is frequently used in society to compliment mothers or acknowledge their achievements. However, the study showed that  three-quarters of mums feel that portraying or calling mums ‘super’ can be harmful to their mental health. It warns that the term ‘super-mum’ can prevent mums from asking for help. Bupa UK’s research goes on to explore what triggers mums into believing they need to be a ‘supermum’. The main source of pressure identified is social media, full of unrealistic portrayals of motherhood, impacting self-confidence and self-esteem. Half of mums surveyed said influencers on social media, celebrity posts and social posts from other mums made them feel they had to live up to unrealistic standards. Dr Naomi Humber, clinical psychologist and head of mental wellbeing at Bupa UK, said that the way social media has become a ‘source of difficulty’ is clear. ‘While some mums will find this type of content helpful or inspirational, what’s important is learning not to compare themselves and to see things for what they really are,’ she said. ‘Mum guilt’ is stopping mums from enjoying much needed downtime – and believing any spare time should be productive is wearing them to the bone. Eight in ten mums spend any downtime they have doing household chores and life admin. Nearly seven in ten agree to feeling guilty about taking time out for themselves and almost half agree they don’t feel they deserve it. Around one in three mums say they have never even spent a night away from their kids. The study also found that 63% of respondents agree they have driven themselves to exhaustion with the pressure to be a ‘super-mum’, with one in five saying the plight has affected their mental health. A fear of judgement and people seeing their imperfections has also led to mums masking or ‘filtering’ their lives. Almost one in three mums say it makes them put on a facade of coping to appear infallible and 43% agree they struggle to ask even their partner for support. More worrying is that almost one third of mums agree they have sought help from a medical professional for mental health concerns, but kept it a secret from their loved ones. Positively, mums are trying some healthy and positive ways to decompress from the daily pressures of parenting. Meditation and mindfulness were cited as a coping mechanism as well as exercise. Communication is also key – talking with other mums, using online forums, and joining parenting groups are just some of the ways mums share their burden. Bupa has teamed up with Helene the illustrator to encourage mums to be honest and open about the challenges they face. Helene is a mum who built up a popular following for her illustrations depicting the experiences of motherhood – a series of new sketches to illustrate the pressures and tools for coping. It’s also launching a new social media campaign, urging women to embrace the unfiltered life. Through user-generated content #UnfilterYourLife will bring light to the ‘false reality of life’ on social media. It’s to encourage women to have more authentic conversations about their mental health and open up on the challenges of imperfection. Dr Humber describes mothering as an ‘already 24/7 job’ which is often balanced with many other things, yet the ‘sometimes self-posed’ high expectations are unrelenting. ‘The pandemic has likely worsened the situation, with challenges such as home schooling and nursery and school closures adding to mums’ mental load,’ she said.  ‘The research has shown that many mums are struggling to reach out for help or allow themselves crucial downtime. ‘It is imperative that mothers have the capacity to put themselves first so they can continue to nurture those around them.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mums transforms her Portsmouth home with fairytale interior inspired by her kids’ dreams MORE : The reality of being a tradeswoman and earning just 72% of what men do MORE : Mums struggle to talk about the ugly side of motherhood, study finds