Vladimir Putin’s alleged ‘secret’ superyacht, complete with a gigantic swimming pool and piano that plays itself, could be seized in Italy. The 140-metre boat, thought to be the most expensive in the world, is currently undergoing repairs in Marina di Carrara. It features a swanky spa, beauty salon, two helipads and ‘royal cabins’. There is even a swimming pool with a retractable cover that ‘transforms’ into a dance floor when needed. Known as the ‘Scheherazade’, it is one of the world’s largest superyachts, but its owner has never been disclosed. Associates of the jailed Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny began to investigate the boat as part of a wider probe into Putin’s luxury assets. They discovered all of the boat’s staff – besides the ship captain – were Russian. What’s more, they claim the majority work for the Federal Protection Service (FSO) – Putin’s security agency. Journalist Maria Pevchikh and activist Georgy Albuov have just released a video into their investigation. Ms Pevchikh said: ‘We’ve been investigating Putin’s corruption for over a decade, and there is one thing we know for sure – Putin never keeps assets under his own name. ‘A dozen of Putin’s personal guards and servants are constantly maintaining one of the world’s largest yachts, docked in an Italian port. ‘We think that this is solid enough proof that Scheherezade belongs to Putin himself and must be immediately seized.’ In their video, the journalists say Putin’s alleged yacht houses a ‘cryosauna’- a device which exposes the body to cold temperatures as a form of therapy. The Russian leader is known to have the device in his other properties. They also claim the yacht’s upper deck features a mechanical piano which ‘plays itself’. Its melody is said to be from a 2014 song titled ‘Vladimir Putin is a Fine Fellow’. Earlier this month, the ship’s British captain Guy Bennett-Pearce denied Putin had ever owned the Scheherezade. He told the New York Times: ’I have never seen him. I have never met him.’ Italian authorities are understood to be investigating the vessel’s ownership. Western sanctions on Russian oligarchs have led to a number of luxury yachts being seized. The ‘Axioma’, believed to belong to steel magnate Dmitrievich Pumpyansky, was reportedly detained by authorities today. Meanwhile in Norway, local fuel suppliers have refused to refill former KGB officer Vladimir Strzhalkovsky’s yacht ‘Ragnar’. Earlier this month, a huge £450 million yacht, believed to be owned by oligarch and Putin ally Igor Sechin, was also seized. French customs seized the yacht as it tried to leave the Mediterranean port of La Ciotat. It came after Alisher Usmanov had his £600million luxury vessel – thought to be largest yacht in the world – snatched by German authorities. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.