Covering HA1, HA2 and part of the HA3 postcode, Harrow can rightfully lay claim to being one of London’s best-connected suburbs. Depending on where you are, you can jump on the Metropolitan, Bakerloo, Central or Piccadilly line Tube, mainline or Overground services from its half-dozen stations, all in Zone 5. There are several neighbourhoods to choose from, the most prestigious being Harrow on the Hill, home to famed Harrow School, which marks its 450th anniversary this year. You may prefer the buzz of the town centre, though, or up-and-coming Wealdstone, which is all set for regeneration. Thirties semis are standard stock but there are Victorian houses and conversions, plus modern schemes, too. ‘Houses have risen in price over the past couple of years, but flats have dropped,’ says Daniel Williams of estate agents Connells. ‘Studios start at £200,000 and one-bedroom flats from £230,000, though they might have fetched £270,000 to £280,000 in the past. Three-bedroom houses needing work go from about £450,000.’ The oldest, prettiest homes, some Georgian or even older, are in villagey Harrow on the Hill. ‘The market hasn’t tailed off since last year’s rampage,’ says Stephen Woodward of Woodward Estate Agents. ‘Two-bedroom Victorian cottages, popular with first-time buyers, start from about £470,000, and large houses on Mount Park Road and South Hill Avenue are £1.5 million to £2.5 million-plus.’ Barratt London and Hyde New Homes are building 2,000-plus homes at Eastman Village on the old Kodak factory site, alongside a school, shops, leisure and community facilities. There will be electric vehicle-charging points, car club membership and cycle storage, while Harrow & Wealdstone station is just a 10-minute walk away. All of the homes have a balcony or terrace, and are priced from £296,000 for a one-bedroom SMRT flat designed to maximise space. Help to Buy is available, via Barratt London. 40% of Eastman Village homes are deemed ‘affordable’ and include one, two and three-bedroom shared ownership flats across a number of blocks. A couple in the first phase are move-in ready. Prices from £82,350 for 25% of £333,000, see hydenewhomes.co.uk for more. Harrow & Wealdstone Heights, also convenient for Harrow & Wealdstone station, has 81 shared ownership one and two-bedroom flats for sale, in two towers with sweeping views across London. Each has its own balcony, and there’s a communal roof terrace. From £80,625 for a 25% share of £322,500 via Origin. Origin also has a one-bedroom and a two-bedroom flat left at Harrow One in the town centre, from £91,250 for a 25 per cent share of £365,000. Nearby Bessborough Apartments comprises nine two-bedroom, two-bathroom open-plan homes with high-spec kitchens, underfloor heating, dedicated office areas and parking. Priced from £530,000, Help to Buy is available. Through Hamptons. For a top-quality rental, The Palm House, with 222 studios in four sizes, is by co-living brand Folk. Shared spaces include a community kitchen, gym, screening room, playroom and two roof terraces. Mule is an on-site café/cocktail bar and there’s a huge, plant-filled co-working space. From £1,198 a month, including all bills. A bright, ground-floor studio flat in a secure building close to Harrow on the Hill station. This home has a smart kitchen with white, flat-fronted units and wooden flooring throughout. Check it out via Foxtons. Half a mile from Harrow & Wealdstone station, this three-bedroom end-of-terrace house includes an extended kitchen/diner, two reception rooms and a secluded garden. Check it out via Connells. High ceilings, oak panelling and ornate plasterwork are among the period features of this six-bedroom detached house, which sits on a private road in Harrow on the Hill. Check it out via Woodward Estate Agents. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Gothic Welsh mansion that used to be a prison goes on sale for £2.15million MORE : Purley is the south London gem where you should look to buy a house MORE : How these two best friends worked together to buy a first home