A man smeared poo a woman and different suspect was arrested after hammering another woman, in the latest of continued crimes in New York City’s subway system. Surveillance footage released on Sunday shows the moment that a man wiped human faeces on a 43-year-old victim while she was sitting on a bench inside the Wakefield-241st Street station in the Bronx. The clipfrom the incident around 5.15pm last Monday shows a man walking towards her with black plastic bag and then smashing the poop on her face without saying anything. At an unrelated press conference on Monday afternoon, New York City Mayor Eric Adams said the incident was a ‘horrific experience for anyone to go through’. ‘Human waste or someone spitting in your face, those are real signs of mental health issues,’ he said, ‘And we really must dig into how we’re dealing with these mental health issues.’ The suspect fled after the attack and was still at large as of Monday morning, according to the New York Post. Also on Sunday, New York police arrested a man who allegedly beat a female city health worker with a hammer in a subway station in Queens. William Blount, 47, is accused of brutally assaulting Nina Rothschild, 57, at the Queens Plaza subway station on Thursday night. Rothschild was going home around 11.20pm after working her job as a research scientist with the New York City Health Department when she was assaulted. Surveillance video shows a man creeping behind Rothschild on the stairs and kicking her in as if to make her fall. He then struck her multiple times in the head and stole her pocketbook, cops said. She suffered a fractured skull. Blount had already been arrested a half-dozen times and been charged with robbery and criminal possession of a controlled substance, sources told the Post. He faces new charges of attempted murder, assault and robbery. Adams on Friday said ‘a woman taking the train should not be struck in the head with a hammer’. Crimes keep occurring despite Adams on February 18 implementing his Subway Safety Plan that he says means ‘no more smoking, no more doing drugs, no more sleeping, no more barbecues on the subway system, and no more just doing whatever you want’. But it has been criticized as largely a plan to control the homeless situation, not fight crime. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.