Saturday Night Takeaway had audiences in floods of tears as it reunited a woman with the daughter she hadn’t seen in two years. If that wasn’t enough, the segment also saw her meet her grandson for the very first time. Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly invited Scottish mum Laura to the stage from the audience, where they played a game of family Masked Singer with her. She had to guess, with the help of hints and songs, which of her family members were beneath the costumes, and had no clue what was coming next. As one family member took off their mask, Laura burst into tears: it was her daughter, Holly, who moved to Canada six years ago and who she hadn’t seen since before the Covid-19 pandemic. Holly flew 5,000 miles from Canada to surprise her mum on the show, and she didn’t come alone. As Laura clung to her daughter, shedding happy tears, Ant and Dec told audiences Laura had only met her grandson Logan when he was a baby – and had never met her youngest grandson, baby Max. Cue Holly’s wife, Jenny, walking in with their two sons, as Laura, understandably, lost it completely. She scooped up little Logan into a bear hug, bawling happy tears – and she wasn’t the only one. The camera panned to the full studio audience, where one woman could be seen wiping away tears as she watched the gorgeous reunion. Viewer reactions online were pretty much the same. ‘Legitimately crying like a baby at the lady meeting her grandson for the first time,’ one person wrote. Another emotional viewer said: ‘Omg you could have warned us , bawling my eyes out [sic].’ ‘I need to start going out on the lash on a Saturday night and not be sitting here crying at a family reunion,’ one joked. Laura was reunited with her family during a new segment called The Masked Humdinger, where members of her own family were hidden under the famous costumes from ITV’s classic The Masked Singer. At first, viewers weren’t too sure what to make of the segment and even Laura herself looked more than a bit baffled. After her mum was revealed as Bagpipes, and her other daughter as Viking, the moment her emigrated daughter took off the Bushbaby mask, it was all worth it. Elsewhere on the show, Ant and Dec treated deserving viewers to a holiday with the return of their Takeaway Getaway, and even hosted a savage performance by band The Darkness. The rockers played their classic hit I Believe In A Thing Called Love, as families playing the karaoke game at home tried – sometimes fairly successfully – to match the lyrics. Ant & Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway airs Saturdays at 7pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ant and Dec pause Saturday Night Takeaway to send ‘thoughts and prayers’ to Ukraine during Russian invasion MORE : Saturday Night Live viewers moved to tears over tribute to Ukraine amid Russia strikes: ‘So beautifully haunting’ 