Bridgerton star Regé-Jean Page won’t be back in the just-released season two. Fans were left devastated when it was announced that the supremely sexy character Simon Basset, Duke of Hastings wouldn’t return to Netflix’s Regency-era romance series. Though the Duke of Hastings was a one-season wonder, Regé-Jean Page will be gracing our screens for years to come. From starring alongside Ryan Gosling, to rumours even circulating about him being the next James Bond – there are a host of upcoming projects starring the man himself. Plus, as showrunner Shonda Rimes pointed out, he’s been pretty much immortalised in season one of Bridgerton. So, just what is Regé-Jean up to next? Regé-Jean is starring in The Gray Man as an as-yet unnamed character. He’s joined by a star-studded cast, including Chris Evans, Ryan Gosling, Ana de Armas and Billy Bob Thornton. The film, due out in cinemas around July 2022, is based on the 2009 novel of the same name. It follows a CIA operative-turned-assassin who looks to evade mysterious forces as he tries to save the lives of the daughters. The thing is, his daughters don’t even know he exists. Marvel blockbuster directors Anthony and Joe Russo are sitting in the directors’ chairs, and reportedly had more than a $200million (£143m) budget to work with. The duo have also previously revealed that The Gray Man will launch a franchise, and we couldn’t be more ready. In a slightly unexpected move, Regé-Jean is also starring in the new adventure/fantasy flick Dungeons and Dragons. He’ll be appearing alongside Chris Pine, Michelle Rodriguez, Hugh Grant and Justice Smith – while the movie’s directors as Jonathan Goldstein and John Francis Daley. Dungeons & Dragons is in post-production, and is slated for release in 2023. So, you won’t have too long to wait after The Gray Man comes out for your Regé-Jean fix. The movie’s plot hasn’t been revealed yet, but fans of the game will surely expect to see all sorts of fantastical creatures, such as elves and orcs. However, it is unknown if the Dungeon Master – who oversees gameplay – will be included. This one is by no means confirmed – but you can’t blame us for hoping there’s some truth to the James Bond rumours. Fans have been desperately trying to guess who’s set to take on the role of 007 after Daniel Craig – and Regé-Jean was quickly namedropped after his Bridgerton success. In early 2021, he almost topped the bookies’ favourites at 5-2, only falling behind Tom Hardy, at 1-2. ‘Regé-Jean’s chances of becoming the next James Bond are increasing all the time. He is now the second favourite in our betting behind Tom Hardy,’ said Coral’s John Hill at the time. But as of March 2022, the odds were back in his favour, as the favourite at 9-4. Of course, many other names – Idris Elba, Sam Heughan, Jack Lowden, Richard Madden – have been bandied about for the role, so we’ll just have to wait and see who gets it. If his upcoming roles aren’t coming quite soon enough, Regé-Jean’s also made plenty of TV appearances recently. He hosted Saturday Night Live back in 2021, making sure to completely mock his sex symbol status. Luckily for us, his opening monologue and amusing sketches are still available on SNL’s YouTube channel. Meanwhile, in a complete left turn, he also took part in CBeebies’ Bedtime Stories – leaving fans melting as they listened to him reading a relaxing tale. Bridgerton season one (with Regé-Jean) and season two (without him) are both on Netflix now. MORE : Bridgerton season 2: Rege-Jean Page not returning as Duke of Hastings and fans are heartbroken MORE : Bridgerton season 2 casts Merlin star in major new role and our hearts are burning Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below 