The number of people killed in a Russian airstrike on a theatre being used as a bomb shelter in the Ukrainian city of Mariupol has risen to 300, officials have said. The city’s government announced the new number on its official Telegram channel this morning, citing ‘eyewitnesses’ for the toll of ‘about 300’. It was not immediately clear whether emergency workers have finished excavating the site or how the eyewitnesses arrived at the death toll. The theatre in the besieged southern city was hit on March 16. At the time the Russian word for ‘children’ was written on the ground outside the building and clearly visible from the air. Soon after the airstrike, Ludmyla Denisova, the Ukrainian Parliament’s human rights commissioner, said more than 1,300 people had been sheltering in the building. It is understood many of those hiding inside were women and children. The strike caused the central part of the three-storey venue to collapse, leaving dozens trapped underneath the rubble. But the building, including a ‘relatively modern’ bomb shelter inside, withstood the attack. Civilians were forced to start the search for survivors and take on the clean-up operation as the war has taken its toll on the city’s emergency services. Rescue attempts were also initially hampered because rubble from the blast blocked the entrance to the bomb shelter. Incredibly at least 130 people survived the attack and have been pulled from the rubble alive. Mariupol has been the scene of some of the worst devastation of the war, which has seen Russia relentlessly besiege and pummel Ukraine’s cities. Thousands have fled the city with those left behind facing dwindling food supplies. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. For more stories like this, check our entertainment page. Follow Metro.co.uk Entertainment on Twitter and Facebook for the latest celeb and entertainment updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.