Molly Mae Hague has revealed her humble beginnings as an influencer saw her earning £25 per sponsored post for brands. The Love Island star, 22, might be a multi-millionaire following her stint on the show and big money deals with brands like PrettyLittleThing and Beauty Works, but she wasn’t always earning such huge sums at the start of her career. Molly took to Instagram to share a series of photos she took while trying to make it as an influencer, including one of her posing in a shop dressing room on Oxford Street. She told her followers: ‘Was looking through my archives last night on here and was having a proper laugh. Fashion college days!’ Criticising her own choice of open-toed shoes and a silver pointed pair of pumps, Molly wrote: ‘My toes are basically touching the concrete. I’m upset’ and ‘What the hell are those? Tin man energy.’ She also shared a demure snap of herself in a red polo-neck jumper, black leggings and a large bow in her high ponytail as she revealed the modest amounts she was making for her sponsored content at the time. Molly revealed: ‘This was the first time I was ever paid by a brand to promote. I was 16! I got paid £25 for a post.’ Addressing her posts, Molly added: ‘I’m sat in my car having a real giggle to myself. I know we’ve all got to start somewhere, but the thing that’s making me laugh is that I really thought I was giving something with those pictures. ‘I thought I was doing something special. Why did no-one tell me I looked like that? Especially the space buns.’ While Molly was already doing well as an influencer before going on Love Island, like many other contestants on the dating show, her follower count exploded after appearing on the programme, which led to more lucrative brand deals, including being named creative director of PrettyLittleThing. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Molly Mae Hague reveals ‘intense’ illness after luxury trip to Mexico as she assures fans she’s on ‘road to recovery’ MORE : Ulrika Jonsson hits out at Molly-Mae Hague for privileged comments about working hard: ‘These people are paid money for just existing’ 