R Kelly has been convicted of sex trafficking but he’s still managing to serenade his fans from a prison cell. The singer was found guilty of eight counts of sex trafficking and one count of racketeering last year, and he is currently facing life in prison. A clip has now gone viral after the musician’s cellmate asked him to speak with his daughter on the phone. When asked by the excited fan to sing a song, he serenaded her with Love Letter. Yes, really. The fan uploaded the video to TikTok with the caption: ‘When your dad goes to the same prison as r kelly [sic],’ after filming their conversation. While chatting to the prisoner, the woman can be heard squealing with glee and, at one point, even sings along with him. ‘What do you want?’ Kelly asked following her request. ‘Love Letter,’ she said. Kelly let out a sigh before breaking into song, singing the lyrics: ‘Did you get my card, when you read my love letter?’ When followers questioned in the comments whether the video was legit, the Kelly fan confirmed that her date is in jail with the singer, and she has also seen him when visiting. This isn’t the first time Kelly has ventured into music while in prison, after he took to social media on his birthday in January to share lyrics. The Ignition singer took to social media to post lyrics to a track that seemingly referenced the women who have accused him of sexual assault. Some of the lyrics were: ‘After 22 years of a blessed career, had me lying in my hospital bed crying mad tears, but just as I have many people hatin me, had so many people loving me and let’s not forget the hood around the world covering me and to everybody that be calling me, telling what they’ve been sayin about me bringin me all of this negative s**t, ya’ll the ones I ain’t f***ing with.’ Following a six-week trial last year, Kelly was found guilty of nine counts, including eight counts of violating the Mann Act, a law to curb sex trafficking that bars transporting people across state lines ‘for any immoral purpose’, including child sexual exploitation, production of child pornography, obstruction of justice, kidnapping and forced labour; and one count of racketeering, a charge that is used when a group organises an illegal and fraudulent scheme to collect money or other profit. One of his lawyers, Deveraux L. Cannick, signalled they would be appealing the verdict, and accused the case of being ‘replete with inconsistencies’. The trial was based on allegations from six women, five of who testified; the sixth, singer Aaliyah, who Kelly married when she was 15 years old, died in a plane crash in 2001. Kelly is currently awaiting further trials for other sex crimes, and is set to be sentenced in May. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Moon Knight’s Oscar Isaac leads Hollywood stars urging Disney to act over Florida’s controversial ‘don’t say gay’ bill MORE : Ed Sheeran’s Shape Of You ‘coincidentally similar to song by another artist’ amid copyright trial 