Joe Wicks has proved he’s just like the rest of us after letting his strict fitness and diet regime slip in favour of eating all the cakes and biscuits. After whipping the country into shape during the pandemic and becoming the ‘nation’s PE teacher’, Joe shared with his 4.3 million Instagram followers that his physique has softened slightly, proving that it’s normal and happens to everyone. Posing for a mirror selfie, the Body Coach star’s body was on full display as he wrote alongside the image: ‘I’ve been eating chocolate cakes and biscuits every day, three bacon sandwiches for breakfast, hash browns and beans. ‘It’s not very good when I’m the Body Coach, is it?’ However, despite his note, fans were quick to offer messages of support. One said: ‘Don’t be hard on yourself! You’re human and still look better than most of us with that extra weight lol.’ Another said: You have to give in to the biscuits sometimes! You still look great.’ Meanwhile, another cheeky fan quipped: ‘We still love ya, Joe. Through ‘thick’ and thin haha!’ The father-of-two’s (and soon-to-be father-of-three) daily fitness YouTube sessions during the first lockdown earned him an MBE and enabled him to raise £580,000 for the NHS  . The popular online lessons ended in July 2020, but Joe, who in January said he had got his body in tip-top shape, has kept on motivation his followers with short videos and advice on healthy eating and exercising. Joe, who became famous for whipping up fast and healthy meals on Instagram, has also seen his latest cookbook top the non-fiction chart. His success has been so staggering that he reportedly raked in around £115,000 per week last year. He has also managed to keep firmly in the spotlight, juggling all his business endeavours while raising his daughter Indie, three, and son Marley, two, with former Glamour model wife Rosie Jones, 31, who is pregnant with their third child. Joe recently filmed BBC show Joe Wicks: Mental Health, My Family and Me with filmmaker Louis Theroux, 51, which airs later this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sophie Turner appears to confirm pregnancy in stunning red dress at Vanity Fair Oscars party alongside husband Joe Jonas MORE : Lorraine Kelly savagely shades Kim Kardashian’s ‘get your f**king a** up and work’ apology  