When shells began to fall across Ukraine, Olena Lukash’s first thought was the safety of her ‘four-legged children’. The animal lover crammed 20 French bulldogs into her car and sped across the border to Poland. After dropping the animals off at a friend’s, she then made the dangerous trip back to Kyiv to fetch another 30 dogs. She rushed them to safety in Vinnitsa, in central Ukraine. Brave Olena has now vowed to return to the warzone to save more ‘defenceless animals’. The dog breeder, 53, said: ‘My dogs are my children. My job is my dogs. ‘I didn’t believe a war could start. The first week I thought that everything would end quickly, then shells began to fall near the house and I realised that I needed to save my four-legged children.’ But as fuel prices skyrocket, Olena is struggling to afford both petrol and pet food. It costs her £378 each week to feed the dogs. Olena said: ‘Now we are 300km away from the hostilities but I plan to take all my dogs to a safe place in Europe. ‘I love my dogs very much.  I am ready to do a lot to save the lives of defenceless animals. ‘So far I have returned to Ukraine once. I need to do two or three more trips. ‘I need to raise money for the long haul and find families for my puppies.’ Information on how to donate to Olena can be found here. Olena has even rallied groups across neighbouring countries to ensure dogs rescued from Ukraine can find a safe long-term home. She said: ‘First I have to provide a safe place for my dogs in Europe then I will help other dogs from Ukraine. ‘We have already created groups and selected people to deliver animals from Poland and Romania throughout Europe, but they also need financial assistance for fuel. ‘It is a lot of work and I have very little energy now.’ Ukrainians have stopped at nothing to bring their pets to safety amid the conflict. Student Rishabh Kaushik refused to leave his Kyiv bunker until safe passage was guaranteed for his rescue dog, Maliboo. Vet Konrad Kuzminski has also worked to save dozens of cats, dogs, hamsters, rabbits and even a chameleon. Driving a converted ambulance, he crosses the border every day to help animals stranded in Ukraine. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.