A British-Ukrainian man is helping refugees flee Russian attacks by using a London black cab. Roman Tymchyshyn, 31, who lives in Portadown, Northern Ireland, has driven around 80 Ukrainians, including children and disabled elderly people, across the Polish border. Originally born in Lviv, Ukraine, he knew he had to do ‘everything he could’ when Vladimir Putin sent in his troops – so asked his boss for a month’s paid leave and moved back to his home city with wife Ulyana Vovk. He has racked up around 2,169 miles – around 300 a day – since relocating on February 28. The driver says it has been emotional seeing the impact on families dragged into the crisis. ‘When you see things like this happening on your TV screen it’s one thing but when you experience it in person… it’s heart-breaking’, he said. ‘Often children travel without parents and yesterday we had a case when an 11-year-old boy travelled all his way from Zaporizyzya to Slovakia alone – that’s more than 1000km I would imagine. ‘Very old people are scared of the bombing and airplanes as some of them experienced World War Two… most of them don’t talk but pray while I’m driving for two hours.’ He added: ‘Until they cross the border or reach their final destination the passengers feel frightened but they are sometimes more relaxed when they are gathered together with different families as I form groups of random people. ‘They discuss their stories and cry together about the losses or talk about their family members who have been split up.’ The classic car enthusiast believes his black cab is ‘more comfortable and spacious’ than others. He has used it to transport people’s pets including a cat, a rabbit, two dogs and a turtle. Along with offering his driving services, Roman says he would be willing to ‘take up a gun’ and fight on the frontline ‘if needed’. ‘Nobody wants to go and war… but I am proud of my country and my people’, he said. ‘This fight is very unfair but I am optimistic about the situation.’ With the help of his sister  Mariya, he has launched a JustGiving campaign to raise money to buy a second-hand 4×4 SUV. It will be used to evacuate injured civilians on the battlefield after the siblings hit their target of £3,000. He is also giving blood, looking for supplies and transporting goods through the border. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.