Welcome once again to What I Rent, our weekly series that explores the ins and outs of renting. Last time, we were in Brighton with couple Scarlett and Xandice, who pay £1,050 a month for their two-bedroom flat. This week we’re in London – Shepherds Bush, to be more specific – with another couple, Liv and Kieran. The pair only recently moved to the city from Reading, and this is their first property together. Liv, 23, works in digital PR, and Kieran, 26, works in automation engineering. We chatted with Liv about what they rent. Hi, Liv! How much do you and Kieran pay to live here? We pay £1,525 altogether, but that includes heating and hot water. Our building is old and listed, so the boiler is communal, which is great! Additionally we pay around £200 all together for the rest – council tax, water, electric and so on. And what do you get for what you pay? One double bedroom, a single bedroom/office, living/dining room, kitchen and just the one bathroom. We also have a little balcony, which makes so much difference! Do you feel like you have a good deal? Definitely. As it’s an old building, there are a few drawbacks like single glazed windows and old piping, but we completely love the flat and building. There are so many quirky touches, and the amount of natural light is priceless. How did you find the flat? Rightmove. We had put in a few offers here and there, but kept getting the rug swept from under us in the final stages. But, everything worked out – we couldn’t be happier with the gem we found! Whereabouts is your home based? What do you think of the area? We’re based in Shepherds Bush, but are within a 10 minute walk of Hammersmith. We absolutely adore the area, there is so much variety here and never a dull moment. With easy access to three Tube stations, and only a short walk to the riverside, we really do feel like we have the world at our fingertips in our flat. How have you made this place feel like home? As it’s pretty small, and we have alot of stuff, it became homely quite quickly. Luckily, the space is a fairly blank canvas, so we got to make our mark without making too many clashes. I think also, as we had both moved out previously too, we ended up accululating different trinkets and decor along the way. We’re both also big music fans, and it’s a huge part of our relationship, so that was definitely important to us for showcasing around the space – from records to framed posters/lyrics. Have you found it difficult to decorate when renting? Is your landlord happy with you doing bits? I think we’ve had a sweet deal as it was all fairly white and plain. Also, there were nails already in the walls we could use, which is the biggest treat in renting ever! We’re managed by an agent, so don’t have much landlord contact, but luckily this hasn’t been an issue due to the flat already being pretty gorgeous to start with. Do you feel like you have enough space? Yes, for the two of us. Hosting is limited here, being more of a dinner and drinks kind of size. I can’t say we will be having any wild parties any time soon, or we would be like sardines. But that’s okay! The area has so much to offer, that’s not really an issue for us. Are there any problems with the home you have to deal with? Just some old piping that has caused some issues with the bathroom, but that’s pretty much it. Do you have plans to move again? I’m sure we will have to at some point in the future, but I think we will try to stay here, at least in this building, for a long time – we love it. Do you want to own a place some day or are you happy to rent? Definitely at some point in our lives, but that’s a distant pipe dream for now. We’re happy to rent if it means we get to experience places like our little pad! Shall we take a look around? What I Rent is a weekly series that’s out every Tuesday at 10am. Check back next week to have another nose around a rented property. This article contains placements with affiliate links.  We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links on these placements. MORE : What I Rent: Gbemi, $2,060 a month for a one-bedroom apartment in Brooklyn, New York MORE : What I Rent: Michelle, £1,600 a month for a three-bedroom house in Epsom Downs MORE : What I Rent: Chelsea and Tyler, $2,045 a month for a two-bedroom apartment in St. Petersburg, Florida