Erik ten Hag has emerged as the leading candidate to replace Ralf Rangnick as Manchester United manager in the summer. The Premier League giants will accelerate the process of hiring Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s permanent replacement during the international break and interviewed the Dutchman on Monday. Ten Hag has caught the attention of Old Trafford chiefs as a result of his work with Ajax, but the 52-year-old is also held in high regard by the likes of Pep Guardiola, who worked with the former Utrecht boss at Bayern Munich. Spurs were interested in Ten Hag during the summer when they were searching for Jose Mourinho’s successor, but a lack of personality and charisma is said to have cost him the chance of managing the north London club. Ten Hag, however, does not appear to be short of strong opinions, given the scathing assessment he offered on United’s treatment of former Ajax midfielder Donny van de Beek. The 24-year-old was part of the Ajax team that reached the semi-finals of the Champions League three years ago and earned a move to United following the collapse of his dream transfer to Real Madrid. Despite the limited midfield options at his disposal, Solskjaer never fully trusted Van de Beek who was limited to a bit-part role under the Norwegian. Interim boss Rangnick was only slightly more accommodating but still chose to sanction the departure of the Netherlands international in January. Van de Beek is attempting to kickstart his flagging career on loan at relegation threatened Everton, but Ten Hag struggled to comprehend the way in which his former charge has been treated by two United managers. Speaking to de Volkskrant back in December, Ten Hag said: ‘Donny, I find that hard. [It’s a] mortal sin. ‘If you haven’t had a chance yet, then development will also stall. Every now and then you encourage them.’ MORE : Manchester United job now ‘Erik ten Hag’s to lose’ after formal interview with club on Monday MORE : Paul Pogba takes swipe at Ralf Rangnick and says Manchester United’s season is ‘dead’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 