Actor and comedian Scoey Mitchell has died from kidney failure aged 92. The Barefoot In The Park star, who occasionally used his family name Mitchlll, died at a long-term health care facility in California, with his brother, jazz pianist Billy Mitchell, confirming the news. ‘He had a very successful and colourful career during 70s and 80s as an actor, writer and film director,’ Billy penned on Facebook. ‘He sacrificed much in the struggle to get Blacks behind the camera, into production and into positions that are taken for granted today. It’s important to remember those few that opened up the doors for so many!’ Mitchell’s career began on The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour in 1967. He then went on to land guest spots on a range of series, including The Mothers-in-Law, Here Come The Brides, and The Six Million Dollar Man. He also starred in a number of TV movies and tried his hand at writing and directing. Mitchell was cast in Barefoot In The Park in September 1970. The series cast members were predominantly Black, making it the first American television sitcom since Amos ‘n’ Andy to have a predominantly Black cast. In the series, he played Paul Bratter, a newlywed attorney for the law firm Kendricks, Keene & Klein living in lower Manhattan with his wife Corie (played by Tracy Reed). The sitcom was a slice-of-life comedy about surviving in New York City. Sadly though, the show was short-lived due to behind-the-scenes strife. Mitchell was fired due to ‘differences of opinion’ with the series’ producers, and after 12 episodes it was axed. In 1986, Mitchell appeared in Jo Jo Dancer, Your Life Is Calling, a semi-autobiographical film about Richard Pryor. In 2017, after a hiatus of 30 years, he returned to acting in A Kindred Soul. Tributes have been pouring in for Mitchell following the news of his death. ‘Farewell, Scoey Mitchell,’ wrote one fan, while another penned: ‘So sad to hear that Scoey Mitchell has passed away. I always loved him on Tattletales and Match Game.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 