A blind dog, who only wants love and to be cuddled like a baby, is on the hunt for a new home. Despite having been abused throughout his life, two-year-old Palomo adores humans. The pooch, who is completely blind, was discovered curled up under a car trembling with fear, but instead of growling at his rescuer, he ‘hugged’ her. Palomo loves humans so much that he is said to ‘wiggle with happiness’ while in their company. However, he has struggled to find new owners. The crossbreed is currently being fostered by a family in Cornwall but is up for adoption with Blind Dog Rescue UK. A spokesperson for the charity said: ‘Palomo was abandoned in a street near the home of one of our shelter volunteers. ‘It was neighbours who warned her and she immediately went to look for him. ‘Our volunteer gave him a treat and he was so happy with this gesture that he came out of his hiding place without any problem. ‘At no time did he growl or bite her. On the contrary, he hugged her.’ Palomo has also been described as a ‘happy little dog’ who has adapted to being blind. Vets believe the disability is genetic. ‘He immediately integrated into his foster family and became the darling of the whole neighbourhood,’ the spokesperson added. ‘He is tender and very cuddly with everyone and begging to be in your arms like a little baby. ‘He never makes any gesture or sign of aggression and only seeks to be able to have fun or get closer to you. ‘Every morning, the volunteer brings him to the shelter with her so that he does not feel abandoned again. ‘He loves being with people and when adopting this should be taken into account.’ Palomo can also live with other dogs, cats and children over aged 10. In addition, he would love to have his own garden where he can run around and play. ‘Palomo is a very happy and affectionate young dog with everything and everyone that crosses his path,’ the spokesperson noted. ‘He is always looking to make friends and despite his blindness, he is absolutely not shy or reserved.’ Blind Dog Rescue UK works to rehome blind and partially sighted dogs who have been subjected to the ‘worst of humanity yet still have an astonishing capacity to adapt, love and become perfect ambassadors for blind dogs everywhere.’ Many of the dogs have been victims of abuse, neglect and trauma and can’t survive in shelters. A Blind Dog Rescue UK statement reads: ‘It is incredibly difficult for sighted dogs to survive any length of time in these shelters let alone blind or partially sighted dogs. ‘We need to get to these dogs quickly and secure their immediate release and treatment. ‘They need veterinary care and to be given the safety and comfort of a foster home in which to start healing. Here they are given love and affection and a warm bed – possibly the first they will have experienced in their lifetimes. ‘At this point we are able to start assessing and promoting these wonderful dogs for forever homes.’ To adopt Palomo contact Blind Dog Rescue UK via their website www.bdruk.org. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Inseparable dog best friends who love to be side by side are looking for a home together MORE : Dog saves owner’s life by alerting her to breast cancer lump MORE : Fearless cat joins owner on adventure bike rides and sits on his shoulders