Neighbours have been left angry after a woman decided to build a huge fence in a shared back garden between four flats. The four flats in Goldington House share one outside area in Evesham Road, Cheltenham, Gloucestershire. Sarah Daly, the woman who built the fence, moved into the block of flats five years ago and said she built the 6ft (1.8m) fence to protect her privacy. People in the block of flats have described how the fence is an ‘eyesore’ and a ‘sheep pen’, resulting in the communal bin store being moved. This has left Alice Reeve, who has lived in the block of flats for 35 years with her elderly mum, distressed. She said: ‘My mother and I have lived here for 35 years. ‘It’s a property of interest. It’s a beautiful Victorian building which looks out onto Pittville Park. ‘It’s always been the case that the flats share the garden at the back. It’s always worked over the years – it’s a very open space.’ ‘Over lockdown I analysed it and thought, this isn’t going to work. ‘She wants privacy but that’s absolutely ridiculous. I can look out of my bedroom window and see into her garden. According to Alice, neighbours have also been impacted by the ordeal. She said: ‘It’s the poor neighbours that I feel sorry for. ‘Their kitchen window now looks out onto the fence. The basement flat also now just has a view of the fence. ‘I’ve heard people call it a depressing eyesore, a sheep pen and that sort of thing. It is absolutely horrendous and all the neighbours have screamed about it.’ Alice added while the complaints about the fence may seem petty, she thinks it will cause inconvenience to people in the area. She added: ‘The drive is so long, and the food bins are heavy.’ Alice Reeve’s mum, Annie, said she is also shocked by the fence, saying: ‘I am so disappointed in her – that’s how I feel. ‘To me I think there’s greed attached to it all. I’ve called it a sheep pen. ‘I’ve lived here for 35 years and things like this just don’t happen. It’s a bit of a shock.’ The three other neighbours in the building objected to the plans to erect the fence, according to a planning application submitted to Cheltenham Borough Council. The planning application submitted to the council is titled ‘the erection of a 1.8m wooden closeboard fence to create a secure and private garden as per the block plan’. Sarah Daly was approached but refused to comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.