Kim Kardashian has opened up about her tumultuous split from Kanye West, insisting that she will never ‘criticize’ him publicly. The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star filed for divorce from the Praise God rapper last February, bringing their six-year marriage to an end. Following a tough few months, the 41-year-old was declared legally single last week, amid her budding romance with new boyfriend Pete Davidson. Despite their break-up, the Grammy-winner filmed scenes for upcoming series The Kardashians and is said to be a part of the first episode, which is landing on Hulu on April 14. ‘Being in the public eye and having disagreements publicly is never easy,’ she said to Variety on where they stand now. ‘But I do believe in handling it all privately. I believe in championing publicly and criticizing privately. ‘I don’t think I would ever criticize the father of my children on my TV show. That’s just not really what I’m about, and I just don’t think that would ever make me feel good. I’m always really respectful of what the kids will see. ‘The reality is, we’re always a family. We always will have a love and respect for each other. And even if there’s moments where it might not seem like that, there are so many moments that are super positive. I do think it’s important for people to see that things aren’t perfect all the time, but that they can get better.’ While Ye will feature in the series, Kim confirmed she has not filmed scenes with Saturday Night Light star Pete yet, after going public with their romance recently. The couple were first linked last year after the mom-of-four took over hosting duties for one episode in October, and raised eyebrows when they kissed in a sketch. They have kept things low-key ever since, heading out on casual date nights and jetting away on a romantic trips abroad. Breaking her silence on their relationship for the first time, she told the publication that viewers will finally get answers on how they met, ‘who reached out to who and how it happened and all the details that everyone wants to know’. Kim added: ‘I’m definitely open to talking, and I definitely explain it.’ Hopefully we’ll get some much-needed answers on the Kardashians next month. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Chelsea dies after the police hear Gray’s confession? MORE : Dua Lipa far removed from pop star image as she cosies up to Henry Cavill in first look at movie debut Argylle 