WWE Hall of Famer Scott Hall is reportedly in hospital after breaking his hip. The 63-year-old retired wrestler is said to have suffered the injury as he fell, and Jerry Jarrett has revealed the news to fans on his Facebook page as he asked for ‘prayers’ to help his recovery. As reported by PWInsider, Jerry wrote: ‘Just got off the phone with my friend Scott Hall. He fell and broke his hip and he’s in the hospital. Prayers will help him recover.’ Hall is currently scheduled to appear at WrestleCon for autograph signings over WrestleMania Weekend in Dallas, Texas next month. There has been no further update on Scott – also known as Razor Ramon during his WWE run – or his status for the convention. Fans have been posting their well wishes on social media, including the Cauliflower Alley Club, who tweeted: ‘Everyone here at the CAC would like to extend our best wishes for a speedy recovery to wrestling Legend Scott Hall after a recent fall where he broke his hip. Get well soon Scott..’ A fan added: ‘Damn I wish Scott Hall well and hope he recovers and gets well soon. Hall is held in high regard as one of wrestling’s most influential stars in the 1990s, starting with his days in the then-WWF as Razor Ramon before finding huge success as a member of the New World Order (nWo) when he and Kevin Nash jumped to WCW. He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2014, and has made occasional appearances for the company – including the following year when he came out with Hulk Hogan, Nash and Sean ‘X-Pac’ Waltman to help Sting during his WrestleMania 31 match with Triple H. They were looking to even the odds as The Game was backed by D-Generation X teammates Road Dogg, Billy Gunn and Shawn Michaels, but in the end Triple H picked up the win. Meanwhile, Hall again reunited with Hogan, Nash and Waltman for last year’s 2020/2021 combined Hall of Fame ceremony as the quartet were inducted as members of the nWo. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE star Becky Lynch shows nasty welts from Bianca Belair’s brutal hair whip MORE : Wrestler Daffney Unger’s cause of death confirmed in autopsy after star died aged 46 