Daniil Medvedev faces the prospect of being banned from Wimbledon, unless gives ‘assurances’ that he does not support Russian president Vladimir Putin. As a consequence of the war Russia continues to wage on Ukraine, the world No.1 has been competing as a neutral athlete at the BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells. The tennis authorities have so far stopped short of banning players from competing as individuals, Russia has been banned from team competitions, including the Davis Cup. UK sports minister Nigel Huddleston, meanwhile, said on Tuesday the government is in talks with the All-England Lawn Tennis Club (AELTC) regarding their stance ahead of Wimbledon which is due to start in late June. ‘Nobody flying the flag for Russia should be allowed (to play in a Grand Slam,) said Huddlestone old the Department for Culture, Media and Sport committee. ‘We are talking to various sports about this and what the response should be there. ‘Absolutely, nobody flying the flag for Russia should be allowed or enabled. But I think it needs to go beyond that, I think we need to have some assurance that they are not supporters of Vladimir Putin and we are considering what requirements we may need to get assurances along those lines. ‘In short, would I be comfortable with a Russian athlete flying the flag of Russia? No. We are looking at this issue of what we do with individuals and we are thinking about the implications of it, because I don’t think people would accept individuals very clearly flying the Russian flag, in particular if there is any support for Putin and his regime.’ Medvedev, who is set to lose the world No.1 ranking to Novak Djokovic after losing to Gael Monfils at Indian Wells, said last week that he hopes to continue promoting tennis. ‘It’s always tough to talk on this subject because I want to play tennis – play in different countries. I want to promote my sport, I want to promote what I’m doing in my country for sure, and right now the situation is that that is the only way I can play. ‘We are looking at this issue of what we do with individuals and we are thinking about the implications of it, because I don’t think people would accept individuals very clearly flying the Russian flag, in particular if there is any support for Putin and his regime.’ MORE : Daniil Medvedev gives verdict on Russian flag being banned ahead of Indian Wells MORE : Daniil Medvedev reacts to losing world No.1 spot and reveals Novak Djokovic aim For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 