Jada Pinkett Smith’s reaction to Will Smith slapping Chris Rock has been seen for the first time in a newly-viral clip from the Oscars. As everybody and their mother has heard by now, the 94th Academy Awards descended into chaos on Sunday night when Will walked on stage and struck Chris. The comedian had made a joke about Will’s wife, actress Jada, comparing her to GI Jane due to her shaved head. Jada suffers from alopecia, a hair-loss disorder, which Chris allegedly did not know when he made the joke; Will has since apologised. The angle of the cameras from the televised award show means audiences did not see Jada’s reaction to her husband hitting the comedian. There was, however, an audible ripple of laughter as a bewildered Chris, alone on stage, said: ‘Wow. Will Smith just smacked the sh*t out of me.’ Now a video taken on a phone and shared to social media shows Jada appearing to join in the laughter as Will strides back off the stage and into his seat. Though the footage is taken from behind, the Gotham actress can be seen leaning forward and shaking her head as she appears to laugh at Chris’ baffled reaction. At this point, it’s fair to say a lot of people thought the shocking moment may have been a planned bit – until Will began shouting for Chris to ‘keep my wife’s name out of your f***ing mouth.’ Since the now-infamous moment, Jada has remained fairly quiet about the entire affair, though did share an emotive post on Instagram calling for ‘healing’. Taking to social media, the actress shared a quote that read: ‘This is a season for healing and I’m here for it.’ She did not share a caption with the post, and limited comments from followers below. Chris, meanwhile, briefly spoke about the incident for the first time at a stand-up show in Boston on Wednesday, where he is kicking off the Ego Death tour which will come to the UK in May. While addressing the audience at his show in Boston, he said: ‘How was your weekend?,’ with CNN’s Elizabeth Joseph saying that he had ‘tears in his eyes’ as he told his fans: ‘Let me be all misty.’ He added that he didn’t have a ‘bunch’ of things to say about what occurred, ‘so if you came to hear that, I have a whole show I wrote before this weekend’. The comedian continued, stating: ‘I’m still kind of processing what happened.’ He said that he would talk about what happened ‘at some point’, adding: ‘And it will be serious and funny.’ Chris was reportedly given a standing ovation by the audience before beginning his set. A new statement released by the Academy has revealed that Will – who was about to win his first-ever Oscar minutes after slapping Chris – was asked to leave but refused. The organisation said that ‘things unfolded in a way we could not have anticipated’ but added they ‘could have handled the situation differently’. An investigation has been launched by the Academy to determine any ‘appropriate action’ that could be taken against the Oscar-winner. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ricky Gervais wouldn’t have joked about Jada Pinkett Smith’s hair at Oscars – but about her ‘boyfriend’ MORE : Lamar Odom says he wishes he had ‘protected’ Khloe Kardashian the way Will Smith protected Jada Pinkett Smith 