Putting my lips right up to my webcam and slowly licking them, I never thought that it was possible to make cash for doing such bizarre things. I was a webcam model during the pandemic, and it began as a fun way for me to get out of my overdraft. I made around £300 in my first week – small change, I later learned, compared to my friend Bella who did OnlyFans, earning a whopping £8,000 in just two and a half months. But it was never just about the money for me. I found an unexpected confidence boost through the work. I’ve been assaulted and treated badly by men in the past, but on webcam, I was in control, and countless men – and sometimes couples – were paying me for my time. It made me totally re-evaluate my self-worth. Not only that, but a surprising majority of customers just wanted company. Some came to me for relationship advice. Others wanted to see me put on tights and curl my toes. It wasn’t the porn star life that some might have you believe. But I truly enjoyed the work, especially when I got bizarre requests like licking my lips repeatedly. If I didn’t want to do something, I said no. This was a frequent occurrence for me, particularly as I refused to do anal on webcam. Another hard limit of mine was age play. On more than one occasion, I had men ask me to pretend to be under the legal age of consent. I always refused. I was never desperate for the money as it wasn’t my only income. However, not everyone who does sex work is so lucky. I discovered the instability of this as a way to make money first hand. On a Saturday night, no one would talk to me because I was too expensive. My prices then were exactly the same as they were during the week, but with so many more girls logging on, I didn’t stand out in the crowded marketplace. I had two options – make nothing or carry out sexual fantasies for little over minimum wage. Had I needed to make money, in order to be able to pay my bills or buy food, I’d have had to resort to doing things that made me uncomfortable. And, as the website I used took 40% of a performer’s earnings, I would have been earning less than the minimum wage had I lowered my price to the minimum of £1 a minute – knowing full well that I did not have the energy to perform for 60 minutes straight even if I got consistent calls (which would have bagged me just £36). Most webcam models aren’t busy the entire time they’re online. A good call would last around 20 minutes, but they rarely came in every hour, which is why I kept my price high. When I got no calls, I worked on my studies and used that time productively. How inconsistent it is isn’t common knowledge. Websites like TikTok are flooded with videos of girls bragging about what they’ve made doing online sex work. The truth is that they are in the minority, and it takes a lot more than just a willingness to strip to be successful. There is also more to these viral videos than meets the eye, as Bella told me. ‘OnlyFans takes a 20% cut of your earnings, but creators who brag about the money on TikTok get a quarter of that (5%) if others sign up with their affiliate link,’ she says. ‘My friend made a fair bit because I signed up using her code.’ Even if you can hold a flirty conversation, like me, the ‘new girl’ popularity I enjoyed during my first month or so on webcam quickly faded. I had to disappear for a few weeks at a time, then reappear, just to be able to make good money again. I can only assume this was because the people using these sites wanted to see different women each time, and there is only so much a solo performer can do to satisfy someone sexually from the end of a webcam. As well as the tough competition and having to constantly adapt to make money, a lot of customers didn’t respect my boundaries. Many asked me if I was an escort too, with some even trying to coerce me into it. I was uncomfortable when it was suggested, but the majority accepted no as an answer. But putting the dangers aside, the industry isn’t as socially acceptable as social media would have you believe. Becoming a ‘spicy content creator’, as it’s known, is not an aspirational career. It’s not lucrative in the way that it might have been in the past. Bella told me that most creators she knew were earning less than £1,500 a month. The reality is that managing a profile, finding new subscribers and/or viewers, and producing content is hard work. That is why it’s a side hustle for the majority. I loved updating friends with the crazy goings-on of strangers who were just as bored as me during lockdown. I naively assumed that just because I’m open-minded, my then-friends wouldn’t judge me for what I was doing. But I was wrong. They did, and in the face of an argument, one of them told everyone what I’d been doing – including my parents. This did not happen in front of me. It was all done over text, and I had no idea that my parents knew until they confronted me in person, convinced that I’d gone off the rails. I wanted the ground to swallow me whole when it happened. It was the most embarrassing conversation of my life, and it’s had long-term repercussions on my mental health. I feel branded, even though I know I shouldn’t. I’ve had sex with one person in the past year and a half, but I’ve been called a slut time and time again because of my work as a cam girl. Despite this, I somehow managed to stand my ground with people I never thought I’d have to explain myself to, including my family, who’ve reluctantly accepted it – but warned me to never even think about doing it again. Webcam was something that I never planned to do again. By the time I quit, which was before I was exposed, the money was getting less and less because I couldn’t keep up with the competition. I stopped working as a cam girl because I knew that if I wanted to progress in my main career I had to focus on it entirely – that, and I didn’t want to be exposed, but it ended up happening anyway. I’m not alone in my experience of being revealed; Bella told me that a friend of hers was reported to social services for being an unfit mother because she is a sex worker. I think people have such an outdated view because of popular portrayals of sex workers in the media. Pretty Woman had to be saved. Belle in Secret Diary of a Call Girl couldn’t keep her job and a relationship. The reality of sex work, least of all online sex work, is not known because popular culture only depicts the extremes. Now I fear for people in financially vulnerable situations, who might end up doing things they aren’t comfortable with for money, and potentially lose their whole family and friend networks – even their jobs – if someone exposes them. This is obviously a greater danger for people who do physical work. Bella charges £250 an hour, and she explains that it attracts a better quality of client. The men she sees want to talk and do more than just the deed. She said that women who charge as little as £40 often find themselves in dangerous situations because it really is just sex. She never has – her price has protected her. The reality is that people can’t just sign up to OnlyFans and get rich quick. There was a price to pay when I was exposed, and people should be aware of that before letting TikTok videos inspire them into something they might later regret. But if it is something you decide to do, please speak to other sex workers who can give you the right advice. No matter how entertaining it may be, I advise you keep it a secret from your friends as well as your family. Because when it comes down to it, not everyone is as open minded as they say. Overall, I don’t regret my brief stint as a webcam model. It gave me my self-worth back after multiple assaults and the entertainment it provided helped get me through lockdown. But my cheap whip and pink dildo are gone for good. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : ‘I’ve gone from being men’s plus-size “dirty little secret” to shouting from the rooftops about sex’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’ve got low libido but doing Onlyfans with my husband is making sex fun again’ MORE : I didn’t realise transitioning would change my sex life so much