Britney Spears has admitted she wanted to get a boob job after losing weight ‘in the last 6 months’. The 40-year-old pop star – who regained control of her assets in November 2021 when the conservatorship governed by her family was terminated by a Los Angeles court – thinks her breasts are ‘fairly small’ and considered enhancement surgery but decided against it after the consultation went awry. She wrote on Instagram: ‘It’s crazy living in Los Angeles … I was thinking about getting a boob job … my boobs are fairly small … I mean with the right bra it’s fine but I was curious what a doctor would say !!! ‘I lost 7 pounds in the last 6 months and that’s a lot for me! I’m officially part of the “itty bitty t*tty committee” 4 … they shrunk !!! I don’t know where my boobs went… ‘Well I show up at the office and I’m going the back way walking up 8 flights of stairs !!! I’m like WTF is this??? They want you to die before you make it there !!! ‘F***THIS !!! Nobody was there to let us in … uhhh how long do we  wait here ??? 10 minutes go by … 15 minutes … f*** that !!! I’ve never been back! (sic)’ The …Baby One More Time hitmaker also questioned why her fellow female stars felt the need to have extensive cosmetic work done before admitting that she had never felt more ‘humiliated’ or ’embarrassed’ about her looks during the years of her conservatorship. She said: ‘I go online to see the biggest stars getting facials with their facialists saying, “people don’t believe but no filter!” What the hell is she trying to prove ??? I know she’s beautiful !!! ‘I’ve seen her in person so it was weird seeing someone like her trying to convince people she’s natural beautiful … then I said to myself I do the same but I’m not nearly as beautiful as she is yet I kind of do the same thing !!! ‘I haven’t been shot well though, I’ve never been more humiliated and embarrassed in my life during the years in my conservatorship!’ Meanwhile, Britney insisted her dad used to call her ‘fat’ and she felt humiliated seeing herself as ‘the heavy girl on stage’. She continued: ‘So I will admit I do play into how I look … I care but it disgusted me when I went to that doctor’s office because guys were there getting nose jobs !!! ‘I’m like WTF … really it’s too much !!! I am absolutely a victim to all of the societal objectifications and exploitations that women are subjected to (sic)’ She urged her followers to do their ‘own research on these procedures’ and ‘to f**king love yourself’, and added: ‘I personally believe people can be happy whether they are skinny, old, fat, whatever… if you are happy and have good energy, you are 100% attractive !!!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears admits she has absolutely no clue who Pete Davidson is and fans are obsessed MORE : Britney Spears ‘drawn to’ dogs despite being attacked by two when she was younger 