The owners of the New York Jets and Sacramento Kings are preparing separate bids to purchase Chelsea after Roman Abramovich put the club up for sale. Abramovich has owned Chelsea since purchasing the club for £1 from Ken Bates in 2003, but international pressure put on his finances since the Russian invasion of Ukraine just under two weeks ago means he has passed on the day-to-day running of the club to its charitable foundation and is now looking to sell as quickly possible. The UK government has been criticised for the lack of speed with which it has sanctioned oligarchs with links to Russian president Vladimir Putin, and Abramovich seems to be willing to sell Chelsea because he fears his British assets eventually being frozen, which would prevent him from funding or selling the club and potentially bring Chelsea to the brink of financial ruin. Abramovich is believed to be asking for a fee of around £3bn to sell Chelsea, and now two businessmen with prominent interests in US sports are said to be close to making separate approaches. According to ESPN, owner of NFL side the New York Jets Robert ‘Woody’ Johnson is pooling his resources and conversing with sale handlers Raine Group in order to fund a bid. Johnson was formerly the United States’ ambassador to the UK and spent time living in London, and is said to class himself as a Chelsea fan. Manchester United, Arsenal, Fulham, and Leeds United are all owned or part-owned by businessmen with stakes in NFL teams. Technology mogul and owner of basketball team the Sacremento Kings Vivek Ranadive, meanwhile, is reported to be preparing a bid by Sportico. Ranadive was born in India and claims to have arrived in the USA with just $50 to his name before earning degrees from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard and becoming a billionaire. Ranadive has earned praise for taking an active role in NBA intitivaties including its blockchain advisory board and social justice coalition, and has been a regular donor to the Democratic Party since the election of Republican Donald Trump as president. Further reports suggest that Abramovich is making two demands of potential new owners. The first is they continue to invest in the first-team squad, and the second is that they commit to an expensive revamp of the club’s Stamford Bridge stadium. Why billionaire Chelsea suitors are being put off buying the club Frank Leboeuf names three favourites to win Champions League and snubs Chelsea For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 