We’re looking forward to the weekend now, but what does Wednesday have in store? Your horoscope has all you need to plan for the day ahead. Digging deep into your relationships is a must today. For some signs, it is important to look inward to yourself, as well as your friends and family. A lingering Sun-Neptune tie means Capricorns have to start being honest. It’s time to have that heartfelt chat, Pisces. Today Gemini has the power to change lives… So what are you waiting for? Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, March 16, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 Today’s Virgo Moon encourages you to be patient and practical. If you’re hoping something will happen without you having to do much at all, you may end up waiting for ever. Yet if you break your goal down into bite-sized chunks, you’ll have mastered this. Feedback from those in the know could help. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Uplifting encounters may occur without you initiating them due to the sparkling energies in play. A Moon-Venus tie might bring opportunities you hadn’t expected that leave you optimistic. When it comes to impressing a boss, it’s worth proffering a brilliant idea. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Upbeat encounters might encourage you to go deeper within yourself and change your perspective on important issues. It’s also possible that your words of advice can turn another’s life around. Need to resolve an ongoing issue? Intuitive insights may help. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Ready to launch a project? It’s a great time to get organised and resolve potential difficulties so you can make a positive start. If you’re passionate about this, you could overcome even the biggest obstacles. Make sure your heart is in the right place and nothing will stop you from getting there. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Your lively nature can net you friends yet it’s also tempered by more sensitive energies that blur boundaries, making it hard to make decisions. With one matter, though, hesitancy could prevent you from dealing with an issue and this might be important if you’re to make progress. Face it head on. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Is an opportunity hard to crack? Someone you know may have the answer. It could be a friend, a business associate or someone who’s a bit of an expert. Or you might find that going for a walk is enough to bring fresh perspectives. Something big is brewing and information gleaned could be helpful. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Need to have a few words? If so, the effort of it all could leave things on edge. If an issue is heavy-going, it may be time to clear the air. Try to do so sensitively, as going too far might add yet more pressure to the mix. It could be hard to pinpoint what the issue is but trust your gut. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Ready to let go of unhealthy habits to embrace life-enhancing ones? You could reach a point where overindulging no longer brings pleasure and this isa sign things can change. Setting a goal can help you stay on track – and like-minded people could help too. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Venus in your sector of talk and thought can bring the fizz back to a relationship that needs pepping up. Other links suggest you’ll be keen to explore new opportunities. Planning something that takes you out of your comfort zone? It could be just the adventure you need. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 A lingering Sun-Neptune tie poses the question of whether you should tell people what they want to hear or what they need to know. You might opt for a blend of the two. But if you’re ready to face this situation squarely, being honest can clear the air and inspire actions. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 The Moon’s edgy links with Mars and Venus can boost morale and leave you feeling more positive about a plan. There may still be a few more uncertainties in the pipeline but the situation is positive. Take whatever happens with a pinch of salt. The light in the tunnel is brightening. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You’ll be optimistic about the day ahead. Your intuition and natural sensitivity can play a big part in the way things pan out. Is someone holding something back? You might sense what they are thinking or feeling and this may pave the way for a heartfelt chat. Don’t discount a flash of insight. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness