Katie Price has put an eye-watering price tag on her largest breast implants which, by the way, aren’t the ones she had inserted this month. The My Crazy Life star recently underwent another surgical procedure in Turkey that was touted as her biggest boob job yet and her 14th. However, Katie, 43, has now set the record straight on her latest breast augmentation while also offering her old implants for a staggering £1million. In her Instagram stories on Sunday, the former glamour model wrote: ‘They say my 13th boob job more like 24th boob job…. Have to say they are not my biggest , my biggest are in a safe for sale for a million pounds dm for enquiries or email.’ The former Loose Women host unveiled the results of her most recent boob job in her new YouTube video, where she gives fans a tour of her luxury hotel suite in Thailand, where she is currently on holiday with fiance Carl Woods. Katie had her first boob job in 1998, which took her up to a 32C. She previously had them reduced in size, telling The Sun: ‘The first surgery I had was uncomfortable. These boobs have been to America, England, Belgium and now these are Turkey boobs. I’ve just had them reduced. ‘My old implants – I have them in a bag – they were a thousand CC and, Jesus, when I hold them they were really heavy. ‘I think I’ve got 795 in so that is a lot smaller and they feel smaller. I’m so excited because finally I’m gonna be able to wear clothes I don’t look fat in.’ In December, Katie underwent full body liposuction before heading back to Belgium in January for an eye and brow lift. A source told The Mirror that Katie’s family were ‘horrified’ she has gone under the knife again, explaining: ‘It’s getting really silly now and more than a little irresponsible. Everyone’s quite horrified, to be honest.’ Katie’s mother Amy had previously voiced her disapproval for her having cosmetic surgery so often, telling The Sunday Times: ‘She doesn’t tell me now because she knows I’ll go ballistic. ‘Maybe she does it because she doesn’t feel she’s attractive enough, or maybe it’s body dysmorphia. Part of the problem is she gets her surgeries free, so someone is always capitalising on her name.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Kyle’s lawyers taking action against damning Channel 4 documentary claiming staff would fake mental health checks for guests MORE : The Power of the Dog director Jane Campion fires back at Sam Elliott as he calls film ‘piece of s**t’ 