Katherine Ryan and her husband Bobby Kootstral oozed glamour as they rocked The National Comedy Awards for Stand Up To Cancer red carpet. The couple were among the stars in attendance at Roundhouse, London, and looked ready to celebrate the UK’s most brilliant comedy content and creators. Katherine was wearing a silky yellow dress with a plunging V-shaped neckline, with her partner Bobby dressed to the nines in a white shirt that featured leaves embroidered in black thread, and a black blazer. The couple, who entered into a civil partnership in 2019 and welcomed a son last year, posed for pictures as they entered the event, with Katherine wrapping her arm around her other half. The Duchess star’s appearance on the carpet comes just weeks after she admitted she really didn’t want to promote her tour, but was contractually obligated to do so. In a post shared to the comedian’s Twitter, she said: ‘Hi it’s me, Katherine Ryan, author of The Audacity, also available as an audiobook, here to fulfill my contractual obligation of promoting my tour. ‘I don’t promote things because I just feel like if anyone wants to be there they will go.’ Elsewhere, Greg Davies walked the carpet at the National Comedy Awards and flashed a stern look at the camera. Munya Chuwawa, who is on the shortlist for the comedy breakthrough of the year award, was also in attendance and beamed from ear to ear. The comedian wore a black polo neck top of the occasion, with a colourful blazer featuring anime characters. Elsewhere, comedian Rosie Jones dazzled in a floaty green tulle maxi dress. The Would I Lie to You? and The Last Leg star looked over the moon on the red carpet and punched the air in sheer delight as she had her picture taken. The National Comedy Awards bring together the nation’s best-loved comedians and comedy stars for a special night filled with laughter. Honouring both emerging and established comedy talent alike, the British public will vote for key awards such as best scripted comedy series, best stand up tour, and best comedy podcast. The event is also raising awareness for Stand Up To Cancer, which is aiming to ensure that three in four people will survive cancer by 2034. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 