Judge Rob Rinder has clapped back at Right Said Fred, after they questioned if he’d reported from other war zones as he heads to the Ukraine border. Rob, 43, is flying out to the Ukranian border on Monday to help the grandparents of his Strictly Come Dancing partner, Oksana Platero, as they try to flee the country. talkRadio shared a photo of Rob in a press flak jacket as he prepares for the journey, but controversial band Right Said Fred weren’t impressed. ‘I don’t remember him going to Yemen, Syria, Sierra Leone, Afghanistan, Congo, Libya, Somalia, Sth Sudan or Iraq,’ they wrote, before adding: ‘Apologies if I’m wrong.’ Rob didn’t waste any time in setting the record straight, responding: ‘Wrong said Fred. I was in Sierra Leone in 2003. What ya think about that?’ The band have yet to respond. Rob and Oksana competed on Strictly together in 2016, reaching the semi-finals of the competition, and have stayed close friends since. The pro dancer recently shared her grandparents’ devastating ordeal while trying to escape danger as the Russian army advances its invasion of Ukraine. She wrote: ‘Dear Friends, as you already know, many families are going through such hardship with the war in Ukraine. ‘My family and my cousins, @kateryna_klishyna , family are escaping and close to the border. My mother, my 10 year old brother, and Kateryna’s sister, left their home the morning of March 2nd and arrived to safety March 6th. As you can imagine, the journey there was brutal but all that matters is that they made it, and they are safe.’ She added that while she is ‘forever grateful’ that some of her family are safe, it’s a different and concerning situation for her elderly relatives. ‘The rest of our family which include our 3 grandparents, 2 who are not able to walk, and Kateryna’s mom and dad are still in danger as they are currently still trying to escape,’ she explained. It comes after Good Morning Britain presenter Rob detailed his mission to get to Poland for Monday to reunite with Oksana’s grandparents. He wrote in tweets: ‘Oksana Platero my Ukrainian dance partner on @bbcstrictly gifted me so much. Right now her grandparents are a week into their struggle to find sanctuary in a safe country. ‘I’ll be trying to meet them on the border next week. They’re just a few of the millions who need us.’ In another post, he wrote: ‘Depends on where they make it to but I’ll be at the polish border from Monday. ‘If they cross into Hungary the next step will be getting them to safety with their family.’ On Tuesday, the UN refugee agency UNCHR revealed that a total of two million people have now fled Ukrainian territory. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Strictly Come Dancing pro Oksana Platero reveals family’s desperate situation in Ukraine as Rob Rinder rushes to rescue MORE : Rob Rinder travelling to Ukraine border to help rescue Strictly Come Dancing partner Oksana Platero’s grandparents 