According to cartoon tropes, the best way to tell if you’re an angry person is to see whether steam comes out of your ears and your face turns puce at every minor inconvenience. In the real world it’s not that easy, and TikTokers have popularised a new way to apparently gauge your anger levels. Elina (@e._sm) appears to have started the trend, posting a video of the results of a test she took online with the caption: ‘Interesting how angry I am. I test my anger level. I didn’t expect that #angertest.’ In the video, the 17-year-old from Latvia revealed that the test said she’s 34.2% more susceptible to anger than the average person – at least according to the IDRLabs quiz she took beforehand. Called the Multidimensional Anger Test, it was devised by Individual Differences Research and draws on the work of UCLA psychology professor Dr Judith M. Siegel. According to IDR’s website: ‘The test is frequently used for research purposes and in clinical settings, where it has been shown to be relevant, not just to a person’s anger, but to their physical health and stress responses as well.’ It involves responding to 38 statements and saying to what level you agree or disagree, with phrases including ‘When I get angry, I calm down faster than most people,’ and ‘People sometimes bother me just by being around me.’ Your results are split into categories (Anger Arousal, Anger Spectrum, Hostile Outlook, External Anger, Internal Anger) and you’ll also get a Total Score, with a percentage of how susceptible to rage you are compared to the average person. The test can be useful for those experiencing issues with their temper or those who are easily aggravated, almost acting as a wake up call if you’ve been unaware how your anger affects those around you. That said, one of the main problems with self-reported psychometric tests like this – especially when they’re part of a social media trend and therefore attractive to clout-chasing behaviours – is that not everybody is honest with answers. On Elina’s original video, which has been viewed over 660,000 times, comments poured in from those questioning the validity of some results. One person wrote: ‘No, thanks but no, all i can see is people choosing things on purpose to get high score,’ while another posted to Twitter: ‘Everyone putting “yes” to every single question on that multidimensional anger test then posting the results.’ To ensure your results are illustrative of your actual conduct and mindset, be as honest as possible when taking the test. Also try not to be downhearted or worried if the results aren’t what you wanted or expected. Your anger levels cannot be determined by a simple online test, and it’s normal to, for example, get annoyed by certain habits of those around you or when you’re not credited for work you’ve done. Anger is an acceptable human emotion, and it’s only when this harms those around you or you cannot control it that it becomes a problem. If that’s the case for you, it’s wise to seek out counselling or therapy to address the underlying issue, and your GP should be able to refer you for appropriate treatment. Take the Multidimensional Anger Test here – just don’t let your results convince you you’re someone you’re not, or that you can’t change bad behaviours to become a calmer and happier person. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. 