Kirstie, Kirstie, Kirstie, you’ve done it again. You’ve wound up 99% of the parenting population in a matter of tweets – this time, over World Book Day. ‘Wanting to ban #WorldBookDay “because is highlights the poorer kids in the class” is patronising, discriminating b*****ks. It may highlight the lazy, unimaginative, can’t put a date in the diary parents in the class, but don’t have kids if you can’t find fun in dressing up,’ the pretentious presenter of Location, Location, Location smugly cried from her social media platform Anyone else feel their left eye start to twitch? Waves of aggression rising? Good, I’m glad I’m not alone. Now, don’t get me wrong. I’m not calling for an end to World Book Day. I adore reading. I think books transport you to the most incredible places and my husband Tom and I take our children, Theo and Immy, to the library every week. Reading should be celebrated from the highest rooftop. However that doesn’t mean that World Book Day, and the like, isn’t my – and I’d imagine, most parent’s – worst nightmare. The day is just another ball to throw into the air, another plate to spin in our unbelievably busy lives. Kirstie, you need to read the room. There are people out there who are having to choose between heating their (freezing cold at this time of year) homes and eating. They’re in real crisis, and that means they don’t have a wardrobe full of clothes to browse through to see what work as a ‘homemade costume’. Some of them don’t own a winter coat to protect them from the cold, let alone the ingredients for a Gangsta Gran costume just lurking around at the back. No matter how much you try to deny it, expense does come into it. Of course it does. Only those who don’t have to worry about money could claim it doesn’t. And even for those of us who do have money to throw at the problem, it isn’t all that easy. We’ve just been through a two-year pandemic. A world war is threatening to break out. We’re being told to eat less meat. Use less plastic. We need to feed our children healthy food. Do 150 minutes of exercise a week. And that’s as well as looking after our ageing parents, holding down a full-time job, maintaining a social life… the list is endless and we’re all blooming knackered. So I’m sorry if my imagination isn’t sparkling right now and I’m not using my (ridiculously short, once the kids are in bed) evenings to craft headpieces and hats for them. Because you see, Kirstie, and I know you might not understand this, but in comparison to you, we’re not only actually poor, we’re time-poor too. ‘I’m so glad my two aren’t at nursery,’ my friend, a surgeon who went back to work on Monday after maternity leave, said, breathing a sigh of relief. ‘There’s no way I’d have costumes ready.’ ‘But Rachel,’ I can hear Kirstie ask with a quizzical look. ‘Surely you’d factored all of this when you decided to have a baby?’ This year, I was prepared. Admittedly it was last minute, but with the help of a friend passing through Asda and next day delivery from eBay, on Wednesday night, we had in our possession a big bad wolf and a Little Red Riding Hood costume. Yep, they were related to an actual book and everything. We were rocking and rolling, ready to go!! Until the morning itself. You see, that’s when my gorgeous, darling children decided not to play ball. ‘The hood doesn’t fit,’ Theo, always prone to tears, sobbed. ‘It’s too… too… tight.’ Immy just looked at her dress and it’s ever-so-cute matching hood and shook her head. ‘Come on guys,’ I pleaded, glancing at the clock. 7.24am. My husband and I had precisely 36 minutes to get both us and them dressed, fed and ready for our respective days ahead. Even with my commute being a mere walk down the stairs, we were threatening to be late. After a few precious minutes more, I realised I was fighting a losing battle. ‘Let’s try them, just for a minute,’ I changed tack. ‘Let Mammy take a quick picture.’ With various bribes, threats and tears from all of us that I’m sure Kirstie wouldn’t approve of either, I did manage to get my pictures and proudly posted them to Facebook, while sending Theo off to nursery in a onesie. Sadly, the charade was up when a fellow mum called me out on it online, her little boy having pointed out that Theo wasn’t wearing what I’d claimed he was in the picture. And that is exactly why days like World Book Day illicit a collective, parental groan and I, for one, am refusing to apologise for that. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Kirstie Allsopp says millennials should save harder to afford homes – it’s not that simple MORE : When did World Book Day become more about ridiculous costumes than reading? MORE : Amanda Holden ‘turning up the feel good’ with her swashbuckling World Book Day costume as celebrities and their kids get in the spirit