Ukrainian authorities have claimed that Belarus has now joined Russia’s invasion, with troops crossing the northern border. The country’s parliament said Belarusian troops had entered the Chernihiv region, adding: ‘The information was confirmed to the Public by Vitaliy Kyrylov, spokesman for the North Territorial Defense Forces.’ It came hours after Alexander Lukashenko, the president of Belarus, denied reports he had sent troops into Ukraine. Mr Lukashenko has fallen in line with Vladimir Putin’s military assault on Ukraine after earlier playing an intermediary role between the two neighbours. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live He said last week that troops from his ex-Soviet country could take part in Moscow’s military operation against in the country if needed. State news agency Belta reported that he would be deploying more forces to the border. He is quoted as saying: ‘Those are well trained rapid deployment groups which are ready to stop any provocation and any military action against Belarus.’ Earlier this week, Belarus voted to ditch its non-nuclear status raising the worrying prospect the country may be used for a possible deployment of Russian nuclear weapons. Hundreds of people were arrested as thousands took to the streets to protest against the referendum. The vote to change the constitution, passed by 65% according to official data, could see nuclear weapons on Belarusian soil for the first time since the country gave them up after the fall of the Soviet Union. The new constitution also gives powers to an assembly created by Mr Lukashenko and populated by party loyalists, officials and pro-government activists, and gives lifetime immunity from prosecution to the president if he leaves office. Speaking at a polling station on Sunday, Mr Lukashenko suggested he could ask Russia to return nuclear weapons to Belarus. He said: ‘If you (the West) transfer nuclear weapons to Poland or Lithuania, to our borders, then I will turn to Putin to return the nuclear weapons that I gave away without any conditions.’ Exiled opposition leader Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya had called on citizens to use the vote to protest against the war against Ukraine, which Russia calls a ‘special operation’ to disarm Kyiv. In videos and photos posted on social media, dozens of people gathered at polling stations in Minsk and other cities in Belarus on Sunday. Several videos showed the crowd chanting ‘No to war’. The West has already said it will not recognise the results of the referendum. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.