15 fights into professional career, Dan Azeez has stood up and demanded to be counted among the other stars of boxing’s light-heavyweight division. Having come up the hard way, the Lewisham fighter has forced himself into that conversation after capturing the Southern Area and English titles. Last November, he announced himself as a true force with a seventh-round knockout of Hosea Burton to become British champion, his proudest accomplishment to date. ‘I believe I am the king of Britain, you can’t not mention me when we are talking about the best light-heavyweights in the country,’ Azeez told Metro.co.uk. ‘That was my moment.’ Azeez, 32, is now carving out his own role alongside fellow Londoners Anthony Yarde, Joshua Buatsi and Craig Richards, with Callum Smith and Callum Johnson also in that thrilling picture. The sheer number of elite domestic dust-ups that could be made means the light-heavyweight division is one of the most compelling around from a British perspective. This week, it was announced that Buatsi and Richards will face off in May in a mouth-watering southeast London derby. Azeez is desperate to ensure that isn’t the only scrap made from that particular group of fighters and warns anyone daring to look down at him will be doing so at their peril. ‘I know Joshua and Craig very well. It is a good story and I think it will be an excellent fight,’ Azeez said. ‘I think more of us should keep banging that drum for these domestic fights. Some of the boys in the division, they think they are passed that level. They have the mindset: ‘You need to work your way up to fight me.’ ‘If that’s their opinion, fair enough, but really and truly, we’ve all won British titles. We have all completed that stage so I don’t see why we can’t mix it up.’ ‘Just because you fight each other doesn’t mean you aren’t going to go onto win world titles. Look at James DeGale and George Groves, they fought for the British title in 2011, Groves beat him and both went onto become world champions. They didn’t have to take that fight so early but they did. And after that fight, James DeGale was such a better fighter. ‘As much as it’s about the money, it is more about the legacy for me. Decades to come, I want people to look back and say, ‘Dan Azeez, he was a tough fighter, he never ducked anyone.’ ‘You can be undefeated, become a world champion and still not box anyone of real note. No one is looking back at you then.’ His next step comes on Saturday as he makes his Sky Sports debut having signed a long-term contract with BOXXER, coming up against a familiar foe in Matthew Tinker. Should he come through that test unscathed, Azeez’s focus will shift to the Commonwealth title as he aims to complete a clean sweep of domestic belts. That particular title remains in the possession of Yarde following his revenge win over Lyndon Arthur last November. And whether it be against the east Londoner or fighting someone else for the vacant belt, Azeez is eager to take that next step. ‘If Yarde vacates, of course I will be going for that. If he wants to defend it, I will go for that too,’ he said. ‘But I understand he is on the cusp of fighting for that world title again so it wouldn’t surprise me if he fobs it off. But I want to say for my own legacy that I was British and Commonwealth champion.’ Azeez and Saturday’s opponent Tinker have crossed paths before with the latter getting the better of the south Londoner in their amateur days. ‘He gave me a pasting in the amateurs,’ Azeez recalled. ‘He has gone under the radar and those are the guys you have to be wary of.’ It’s the sort of test Azeez believes he thrives with. In assessing his own role in the sport, he insists domestic fights will always offer the biggest challenges, wary of the record-padding and cherry-picking that some of his rivals may indulge in when it comes to picking their own opponents. ‘There could be a European fighter who is ranked well and has a good record but really he’s crap,’ Azeez said bluntly. ‘But on paper he looks good. A lot of the domestic guys, their ranking isn’t as good but they are really good fighters. I wouldn’t say its cheating or taking short cuts, but other people will go out and fight a European fighter who isn’t really that good but has a good ranking and use that to propel themselves. ‘If I’m going to get to where I want to get to, you’ve got to be fighting the best around you. I can’t trick myself. Under those lights the truth will always come out. You can’t fool anyone.’ Having grown up watching videos of Muhammad Ali, Marvin Hagler and Mike Tyson, Azeez is a proud throwback fighter. Speaking passionately about the legacy he wants to leave in boxing, he says he is ready to go out on his shield if that moment should ever come with his only fear that of letting down those close to him. ‘This is my job, this is my life. I put everything on the line. So when I get in there, you are fighting someone with so much passion, hunger and determination and that alone can take you all the way up there,’ he said. ‘As long as I know I’ve put in the work, that’s good enough for me. The throwback fighters, the fighters I look up to from the 70s, 80s and 90s, they are the gods of boxing and they’ve got losses on their record. So who am I to think I don’t want to fight this guy because I might lose? ‘I am a warrior, we win some and we lose some. As long as you keep bouncing back and learn, I’m not afraid of losing. I’m more afraid of not doing my best or letting down people who have put their time and energy into me.’ MORE : ‘New chapters ready to be written’ – Josh Warrington vows to take over new-look featherweight division starting with old rival Kiko Martinez MORE : ‘I will get there’ – Dalton Smith confident his class will show as Sheffield star targets patient rise to world level For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 