US Vice President Kamala Harris has been accused of being insensitive after breaking into laughter when asked whether America would take in Ukrainian refugees. Critics have slammed the VP, including Ukraine Presidnet Volodymyr Zelensky’s former press secretary, who in response said it would be a ‘tragedy’ if she ever became president. The awkward scene took place during Harris’ trip to meet with Polish President Andrzej Duda in Warsaw, where she was showing US support for NATO’s eastern allies. Footage of the awkward moment reveals audio of a journalist asking Harris, ‘is the United States willing to make a specific allocation for Ukrainian refugees?’ ‘And for President Duda, I wanted to know if you think and if you asked the United States to specifically accept more refugees,’ the journalist added. When the journalist finished their question, Harris and Duda looked to each other, seeming to expect the other to respond first, before chuckling out of apparent nervousness. ‘A friend in need is a friend indeed,’ Harris said, laughing at her corny line. After the two leaders chuckled at the situation they finished answering the question. Duda confirmed that he had asked Harris to help speed up the consular process so Ukrainian refugees with family in the US could stay with them. Harris confirmed they had discussed the matter, and recognized the burden placed on Poland by the massive influx of refugees, but did not say whether the US would commit to taking in a certain number of refugees. As of Thursday evening there were over 1.4 million Ukrainian refugees in Poland. While it seemed to many as the laughter was a sign of nervousness, or a response to an awkward situation, the moment caught backlash from many corners of the Internet. Critics were quick to slam the vice president on Twitter, calling her out and saying the topic was ‘no laughing matter,’ while others rebutted that the leaders certainly weren’t laughing about the refugees. It’s not the first time Harris has been ridiculed for laughing during an inappropriate situation. In August, the vice president cut off a question from reporters about the US withdrawal from Afghanistan and began giggling. Harris did confirm that any Ukrainians currently in the US with visas nearing their expiration date will be allowed to remain, saying: ‘We will not send them back to what is a war zone.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.