The release date of Bridgerton season 2 has arrived Netflix, bringing with it a brand new love affair as Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey) strives to find a wife to make his Viscountess. While the eldest Bridgerton sibling does not care about finding a love match, settling on new debutante Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran) as his target, the newcomer’s older sister Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley) tries to prevent their engagement, proving just as obstinate as the Viscount. Before the second season of the racy period drama focused on Anthony’s quest for marriage, the show previously honed in on his younger sister, Daphne Bridgerton (Phoebe Dynevor), as she struck up a secret deal with Simon Basset, the Duke of Hastings (Regé-Jean Page) while on the lookout for a husband. Behind the scenes, Anthony became embroiled in a complicated love affair of his own, as he weighed up whether to follow his head or his heart. Let’s take a look at where his experiences of love have taken him up to this point. The second season of Bridgerton follows Anthony in the new social season, when he is still very much of the mindset that a love match is not a priority. However, this approach immediately gets him in trouble with Kate, who doesn’t want to see him end up with Edwina, as she believes her sister deserves to find love. Despite the pair clashing, a connection brews between them, making the Bridgertons’ newfound connection with the Sharma family that much more complex. Fans of the books were ecstatic to see Simone bring the fan-favourite character of Kate to life when pictures and trailers were released of the new season. While speaking to Metro.co.uk at the premiere at London’s Tate Modern, author Julia Quinn addressed the differences that readers may notice in the live-action adaptation. ‘I’ve always said that you could do a masterclass on how to adapt a novel with what they’re doing, because there’s almost nothing that’s word for word or even scene by scene, and yet the characters are absolutely true to who they are in the books and the overall story arc is absolutely true to it,’ she said. However, the writer added that as she ‘loves it’, she reckons that ‘readers will love it too’. Bridgerton season 2 premieres on Friday March 25 on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bridgerton season 1 recap: What happened at the end of the Netflix series? MORE : Bridgerton author Julia Quinn opens up on book differences in season 2: ‘Almost nothing is word for word’ 