Russian soldiers captured in Ukraine have described being used like ‘cannon fodder’ and thrown into battle against ‘peaceful people’. One prisoner of war, filmed sitting in front of a Ukrainian flag, said: ‘This is not our war. Mothers and wives, collect your husbands. There is no need to be here.’ Footage shows another handcuffed troop sobbing as he says: ‘They don’t even pick up the corpses. There are no funerals.’ Ukraine said on Wednesday it would free any Russian prisoners whose mothers come to collect them. The country says it has killed nearly 6,000 enemy troops and captured hundreds more. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Western officials say the progress of Vladimir Putin’s men has been slowed by fierce resistance, drawing out what had been envisioned as a lightning war into an increasingly brutal conflict. Footage shows one of the wounded POWs insisting to the camera that his unit did not know they were about to invade Ukraine and urged Moscow to end the incursion, adding: ‘We are killing peaceful people.’ Another clip posted on Telegram shows soldiers saying they felt ‘demoralised’ after being sent in. He adds: ‘We were told we would be enemies of the state and because it’s wartime, we might even be shot if we refused. We were thrown in as cannon fodder.’ The man described how he and the rest of his unit ‘don’t want this war’, adding: ‘We want to go home, we want peace.’ Other recordings obtained by British intelligence company ShadowBreak suggest Russian soldiers are in ‘complete disarray’, with some even retreating in frustration at the war. In one of the intercepted conversations, listened to and reported by The Telegraph, an exasperated-sounding soldier demands to know when food or fuel supplies will turn up. He can be heard raging: ‘We’ve been here for three days! When the hell is it going to be ready?’ The same soldier features in tense exchange, having to remind the command centre that artillery cannot be used on a certain area until ‘the goods’ – civilians – have left. Samuel Cardillo, 26, who founded ShadowBreak, told The Telegraph he had been sent roughly a day’s worth of recordings by amateurs listening into Russian communications with an antenna. He said: ‘What we have found is that the Russian operatives are operating in complete disarray. They have no clue where they are going and how to really communicate with each other properly.’ Mr Cardillo also said the tapes appeared to offer ‘proof of war crimes’, documenting orders to fire ballistic missiles into urban areas. He added: ‘There were periods where we heard them [Russian soldiers] crying in combat, a period where they were insulting each other – obviously not a sign of great morale. ‘There was an instance where they shot at each other, there was an instance where they had to transport dead bodies back to their forward operating bases. Many times you can hear them not at their highest level of happiness.’ Earlier this week, Ukraine’s ambassador to the United Nations read out text messages he said were sent by a Russian soldier moments before he was killed in the ongoing war. Sergiy Kyslytsya said the unnamed infantryman admitted to ‘shooting everyone, including civilians’. When his mother asks if he is still in Crimea ‘on training’, he replies: ‘Mum, I’m in Ukraine. There’s a real war going on here. We are shooting everyone, even civilians. ‘They told us Ukraine would greet us peacefully, but they are throwing themselves under our machinery, not letting us pass. They call us fascists. Mum, I’m really scared.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.