Emma Raducanu says she’ll be fit to play the Miami Open next week after revealing she suffered with a back injury in her Indian Wells defeat. The world No.13 was beaten 6-7 (3-7) 6-4 7-5 by world No.79 Petra Martic in the third round with a stiff back impacting her game. ‘I think it’s just part of not playing and having so much stop start and having five, six days to prepare for matches and then playing at that intensity,’ she said. ‘It was a tough one not being able to serve full out so I was having to work so hard just to hold. I’ve just got to get stronger. ‘I’ve had it for the last few days, just a product of training hard and probably the last match was pretty intense too and it didn’t settle down. ‘When you are crossing your fingers to hold serve every time, it’s tough. I couldn’t really drive up and I was kind of struggling to turn and reach. The margins were so small.’ The 19-year-old was two points from victory on three occasions as she attempted to reach the round of 16 but the US Open champion fell just short. Raducanu now turns her attention to the Miami Open where she’ll be hoping to enjoy better luck with injuries, having also retired at the Guadalajara Open with a hip injury last month. ‘I should be good for Miami, for sure,’ she added. While Raducanu suffered a disappointing early exit at Indian Wells, fellow Brit Harriet Dart is on course to break into the world’s top 100 for the first time after defeating Estonia’s Kaia Kanepi. ‘My ranking might not show where my level is, but I’ve always believed my level has been there,’ the world No.122 said. ‘I put in the work day in, day out, and finally to be able to put a run like this together, it’s not by chance. ‘I always have nothing to lose – especially at these events. It’s kind of a bonus to be able to play another match in this amazing place. It’s quite surreal. I’m enjoying every minute of it.’ Dart will play Australian Open semi-finalist Madison Keys on Tuesday. MORE : Ukrainian tennis star Marta Kostyuk slams Russian players for ‘unacceptable’ behaviour at Indian Wells MORE : Emma Raducanu forced to retire in final set of epic three-hour match at  Guadalajara Open For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 