Kanye West has been spotted for the first time since he was suspended from posting on Instagram for 24 hours, taking his and Kim Kardashian’s son Saint to a basketball game. The rapper was seen cracking a rare smile as he showed the six-year-old the game, donning a black leather jacket and boots. He and his son chatted away as they enjoyed the game at the Chase Center in San Francisco, which saw the Boston Celtics face the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday. It comes after Kanye, 44, was suspended from posting on Instagram for 24 hours after he took aim at his ex, Kim, her boyfriend Pete Davidson, and late night host Trevor Noah. A spokesperson for Meta, Instagram’s parent company, confirmed to Metro.co.uk that Kanye’s recent posts violated Instagram’s policies on hate speech, harassment and bullying. As a result, he won’t be able to post, send DMs, or comment for 24 hours. The spokesperson added that they will take additional steps if there are more violations. Kanye has been taking aim at SNL star Pete amid his relationship with Kim Kardashian, who filed for divorce from the rapper in February last year. The Touch The Sky hitmaker shared several Instagram posts on Sunday, sparked by Kim allowing their eight-year-old daughter North to upload a TikTok video again. In one of his now-deleted videos, Kanye revealed the Saturday Night Live comedian sent him a string of text messages including a photo of the actor allegedly lying bed with the reality star, which was shared by writer Dave Sirus. ‘This isn’t public dude. I’m not here for pictures and press. Which is obviously all you care about. My offer stands. I wish you’d man up for once in your life,’ Pete is thought to have said before delving into Kanye’s mental state. After Kanye claimed that Kim prevented North from attending his Donda 2 release party in Miami, she later begged her ex-husband to ‘stop’ the narrative. ‘You were just here this morning picking up the kids for school,’ she penned. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kanye West’s ex Julia Fox leaps to his defence after Instagram bans rapper over shots at Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson: ‘It’s artistic expression’ MORE : Kanye West all smiles despite Instagram ban as he and mini-me son Saint enjoy basketball game 