Jamie Carragher says he understands why Liverpool are interested in Jarrod Bowen, but believes his former club may struggle to convince the West Ham forward to sign due to Mohamed Salah’s prominence on the right flank. Liverpool bolstered their attacking options with the addition of Luis Diaz in January and the Colombian is already being tipped for superstardom after an outstanding start to life on Merseyside. Jurgen Klopp is, though, keen to further strengthen in this area of the pitch, despite also boasting the likes of Sadio Mane, Roberto Firmino, Diogo Jota and PFA Player of the Year favourite Salah. Widespread reports suggest West Ham’s Bowen has emerged as a top target for the Reds, with the 25-year-old racking up eight goals and eight assists across an eye-catching Premier League campaign this term. Klopp made no secret of his admiration for Bowen’s ‘unbelievable’ development ahead of West Ham’s trip to Liverpool and it’s understood the Anfield giants could test the Irons’ resolve for the in-form Englishman in the summer transfer window. ‘Bowen, what a player he became!’, Klopp told reporters at his pre-match press conference. ‘Unbelievable. We saw him as well at Hull and he was really good at that time. ‘I’m not sure a lot of people expected this jump, but he’s an unbelievable player.’ Many viewed Bowen trip to Anfield as a possible audition given the intense speculation linking the former Hull City man with a possible big-money switch to Merseyside. However, the forward’s evening ended in disappointment as he had to be helped off the pitch by West Ham’s medical staff with a concerning injury in the 53rd minute of the side’s 1-0 defeat. Addressing the recent transfer rumours as Bowen was forced off, Sky Sports co-commentator Carragher said: ‘There’s talk of Liverpool’s interest in him and you can see why with the goals and assists he gets, but also the positions he takes up. ‘Even that one [the position he took up before his injury], the position he gets in when Virgil van Dijk heads it back. ‘He plays very narrow, as Liverpool’s wide players do. ‘But I just think it’s always difficult for Liverpool to ever buy anyone in that position when you’ve got Mo Salah. Not just his quality, but he very rarely misses games.’ The ex-Liverpool and England defender added: ‘He’s as important for West Ham as I think Mo Salah is for Liverpool.’ David Moyes agreed with Klopp’s comments about Bowen as he faced the media ahead of West Ham’s clash with Liverpool, saying the attacker had made ‘unbelievable progress’. ‘I see Bowen as having made unbelievable progress,’ the West Ham manager said. ‘Always you want to see how players make progress and Jarrod has stepped up. And I don’t mean just from Hull to West Ham. ‘If we are saying Bowen is unbelievable then I am struggling for words for the players at Liverpool. We have huge admiration for them.’ MORE : Why Declan Rice missed West Ham's clash with Liverpool MORE : Thomas Tuchel criticises Chelsea fans over Roman Abramovich chants during Ukraine applause 