Comedian Rosie Jones has praised ‘hero’ Strictly Come Dancing winner Rose Ayling-Ellis and said she’d definitely be up for a stint on the show too. Rosie, who has cerebral palsy, took on Friday night’s Comic Relief opera challenge alongside four other famous faces. She took to the stage with Tamzin Outhwaite, Helen George, Nina Wadia and Scarlett Moffatt, performing one of the most famous operatic arias that they’d had just 24 hours to learn. They were highly praised by viewers tuning in after they all absolutely aced the challenge. But Rosie’s already looking ahead to her next adventure, as she revealed she’d definitely be up for a stint on Strictly Come Dancing. Asked whether she’d be up for taking on the famous dance floor, she told Metro.co.uk: ‘Yeah, absolutely! ‘I’d say what drives me, is when I was growing up, having cerebral palsy I didn’t see anybody like me [on TV]. ‘What I try to do in my work and my comedy is to tell people that yes, I might talk slower and I wobble a little bit but it doesn’t stop me.’ She added: ‘In recent years people like Rose Ayling Ellis on Strictly, have just shown that having a disability isn’t a disadvantage and it will never stop me! ‘It’s about showing people anything is possible… bring it on!’ Strictly, if you’re listening, sign her up! Rose won Strictly back in December with her partner Giovanni Pernice, after making history on the show as the first Deaf contestant. She quickly won the hearts of the nation with her spellbinding routines whilst raising awareness of the Deaf community throughout. The EastEnders actress also won TV moment of the year for 2021 for her ’10 seconds of silence’ in a couple’s choice routine with Giovanni, to reflect her experience to the audience as someone who is Deaf. Rosie went on to add: ‘Definitely for me growing up when there was a disabled person on TV, they were shown as a victim. ‘But people like me and Rose are just going out there and showing we’re not victims and that we’re just like everyone else. ‘Rose is a hero of mine. I think she’s incredible,’ the comedian added. Rose was back on the dance floor last night with Giovanni as they performed a routine for Comic Relief. The duo recreated their waltz to Ellie Goulding’s ‘How Long Will I Love You?’ from the Strictly semi-final. Fans were loving seeing them back together, with Rose telling host Lenny Henry the performance brought back ‘happy memories’ of her time on the hit show. Strictly Come Dancing returns later this year to BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Comic Relief 2022: David Walliams and Matt Lucas divide viewers with ‘stereotyped’ and ‘outdated’ Rock Profile MORE : Comic Relief 2022 raises incredible £42,790,147 in star-studded telecast 