The Academy has issued a statement saying it ‘does not condone violence’ after Will Smith hit Chris Rock following a joke he made about his wife, Jada Pinkett-Smith, at the Oscars 2022. Shortly before King Richard star Will won the best actor award, he stormed up on  stage after hearing the joke from Chris. He hit the comedian, before telling him: ‘Keep my wife’s name out of your f**king mouth.’ The Academy tweeted a statement reading: ‘The Academy does not condone violence of any form. ‘Tonight we are delighted to celebrate our 94th Academy Awards winners, who deserve this moment of recognition from their peers and movie lovers around the world.’ Meanwhile, the Los Angeles Police Department have said a report has not been filed. A spokesperson told PA: ‘LAPD investigative entities are aware of an incident between two individuals during the Academy Awards programme. ‘The incident involved one individual slapping another. The individual involved has declined to file a police report. ‘If the involved party desires a police report at a later date, LAPD will be available to complete an investigative report.’ The comedian was on stage to present an award for best documentary, which went to Summer of Soul. However, things took a turn when he directed a comment to Jada, who was in the crowd beside her husband. ‘Jada, can’t wait for GI Jane 2,’ he said, referring to her buzz cut – something the couple didn’t look amused by. Will then stormed the stage and appeared to swing at the comic, before walking back to his seat. ‘Oh wow, Will Smith just smacked the s**t out of me,’ a shaken Chris told the crowd. ‘Wow dude. It was a GI Jane joke.’ ‘Keep my wife’s name out your f**king mouth,’ Will furiously yelled from his seat, as the audience fell silent. ‘I’m going to, okay… I’ll keep going? That was, er, the greatest night in the history of television,’ Chris responded. Shortly afterwards, Will won the award for best actor, sobbing through his speech. ‘I want to apologise to the Academy, I want to apologise to my fellow nominees,’ he said. ‘This is a beautiful moment and I’m not crying for winning an award. It’s not about winning an award. It’s about being able to shine a light on all the people…’ ‘Art imitates life, I look like the crazy father just like they said about Richard Williams,’ he laughed. ‘But love will make you do crazy things.’ Following the jaw-dropping moment, Bradley Cooper was seen comforting the star. MORE : Oscars 2022: All the winners from Will Smith and Ariana DeBose to Jane Campion and Coda MORE : Oscars 2022: Will Smith ‘calmed down’ by Bradley Cooper after hitting Chris Rock in jaw-dropping moment 