A growing number of businesses have suspended their operations in Russia over the country’s unprovoked invasion into Ukraine, including Amazon, Heineken and Sony’s PlayStation. The e-commerce giant said in a statement Wednesday that it is cutting off access to Prime Video and will no longer be shipping retail products to customers in Russia and Belarus. Amazon joins several major businesses who have halted their services in Russia following the country’s attack on Ukraine, including McDonald’s and Starbucks, who shared their suspension on Tuesday, and Heineken and Sony, who made the announcement Wednesday. ‘As a reminder, unlike some other US technology providers, Amazon and AWS have no data centers, infrastructure, or offices in Russia, and we have a long-standing policy of not doing business with the Russian government,’ the company said in a statement. Amazon says it will continue to partner with nongovernmental organizations to support ‘the immense humanitarian needs in the region,’ and claims to have donated $5 million to support people affected by the war. Sony, maker of PlayStation, shared Wednesday that it has stopped selling PlayStation consoles and software in Russia due to the Ukraine war. The video game brand has the largest presence in Russia of any console maker, according to CNBC, and its decision to leave the country is the most significant move within the video game industry over the war yet. The company suspended all software and hardware shipments in the country, as well as the upcoming launch of the new racing game Gran Turismo 7. The PlayStation Store will also no longer be available in Russia. ‘Sony Interactive Entertainment (SIE) joins the global community in calling for peace in Ukraine,’ the company said in a statement. ‘To support humanitarian aid, Sony Group Corporation announced a $2 million donation to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) and the international NGO, Save the Children, to support the victims of this tragedy,’ the statement said. Heineken, the largest beer brewer in Europe, also halted the production, advertising and sale of Heineken products in Russia as a response to the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. ‘We are shocked and saddened to watch the tragedy in Ukraine unfold. We stand with the Ukrainian people and our hearts go out to those affected. The Russian Government’s war against Ukraine is an unprovoked and completely unjustified attack,’ Heineken CEO Dolf van den Brink said in a statement. A spokesperson for Heineken told Newsweek: ‘We have 1,800 employees and seven breweries in Russia. Supporting our employees and their families is an important principle in determining the way forward.’ McDonald’s made a similar pledge to their employees in Russia, and has promised to continue paying the salaries for the company’s employees despite businesses being closed. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page