Skincare can be expensive, so we’re always looking for ways to make products last longer. But a new study has revealed that lots of people are storing their skincare incorrectly – and this could affect quality and longevity. Research carried out by online retailer Face the Future has found that many individuals house their products in the bathroom. In fact, out of the 2,000 people surveyed, 61% reported keeping at least some, if not all, of their skincare in the bathroom. With the bathroom sink being the spot many wash, cleanse, moisturise and hydrate their face, it makes sense that skincare bits might be found nearby. However, experts have outlined why this is the wrong place to store them. ‘Bathrooms are probably the worst place to store cosmetic products,’ explains Dr Cuross Bakhtiar from Harley Street Cosmetic. ‘They are generally warm, have a lot of moisture and lots of light. These all are terrible for cosmetic products.’ It seems there are a few reasons bathrooms are bad for skincare products – and a lot is to do with changing temperatures and condensation. Dr Cuross Bakhtiar adds: ‘Warm bathrooms will speed up the separation of emulsions (body and face creams) into water and oil. ‘And moisture getting into products will aid the growth of bacteria and help with the growth of yeast and mould, especially if in a warm bathroom. The perfect area for them to grow rapidly. ‘This is also major concern as most natural preservatives are weak preservatives and may not be able to protect the cosmetic well in a warm and moist environment.’ Mehmet Göker, a dermatology specialist at Vera Clinic, stresses that skincare (like most beauty products) should be kept in a cool and dry place – away from moisture and fluctuating temperatures. ‘Due to the steam from showers and baths, the moisture from the water can condense on the surface of certain cosmetics and start to generate mould – and this can be dangerous if applied to the skin,’ explains Mehmet. ‘Your skincare products are susceptible to changes in temperature, making a hot and humid bathroom (at times) an impractical space to keep your serums and moisturisers.’ Mehmet also suggests checking the packaging of each individual skincare product, to see the advised storage conditions. Both experts also stress the importance of keeping products away from sunlight. Dr Cuross Bakhtiar continues: ‘It’s best to keep skincare stored at room temperature and it’s also important to keep them out of direct sunlight. ‘Exposure to sunlight will accelerate the ageing of a product by heating it up, which can break down active ingredients in the products. ‘Many people also store products on countertops and vanities but these areas can also be open to sunlight.’ As a result, it’s always best to store skincare products in a dark location, such as a bedroom cabinet or drawer – a place where they will be protected from the light and the temperature can be kept consistent. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to perfect the ‘two-minute’ makeup look and which products to use MORE : The products makeup artists were actually using backstage at London Fashion Week MORE : Fermented beauty is a big skincare trend for 2022 – this is what it means