Kate Garraway has reportedly shut down her husband Derek Draper’s psychotherapy firm following his difficult battle with Covid-19. Derek, Kate’s husband of 17 years, suffered organ damage after he contracted the virus and now requires round-the-clock care. The company, Astra Aspera Ltd, reportedly owes £184,000 — including £125,000 in taxes and a liquidator was said to be appointed on Tuesday to break up the firm’s assets. A source told the Daily Mail: ‘It’s terribly sad, but Derek can’t work and has no prospect of being able to do so in the near future, so Kate thought it best to close it down.’ Kate, 54, was also appointed director of the company last year following Derek’s Covid battle. Derek, 54, set up the company in 2011 after becoming a psychotherapist following his career as a political advisor. The dad-of-two spent a year in hospital with Covid, with Kate being open about how their lives have changed since. She recently released her second documentary, Caring For Derek, which gave a candid insight into the family. Kate admitted she ‘thought long and hard’ about letting cameras inside her household again, as she ‘wanted it to offer more’ than just sharing what her family has been through. The presenter ‘wanted to also shine a light on issues’ that affect others, and prayed it would ‘give hope to everyone who is battling on with whatever life has thrown at you.’ She has since been celebrated by charities for raising awareness for carers, as Derek suffers long-lasting damage after contracting Covid in March 2020. The presenter is part of the gruelling care schedule for Derek, which includes her waking up every two hours each night to help the carer move him in bed. Last year, Kate released documentary Finding Derek on ITV, which detailed his illness and battle for recovery. The presenter won the authored documentary prize for Finding Derek at last year’s National Television Awards. Reps for Kate Garraway declined to comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jesy Nelson ‘rejected Kate Garraway’s Life Stories’ for candid interview after Little Mix split to focus on solo music MORE : Kate Garraway reveals Derek Draper had to be carried down to wellbeing garden by TV crew as ‘lift wasn’t working’ 