Roman Abramovich will receive offers to sell Chelsea this week, with three parties interested in buying the Premier League club and optimistic that the Russian billionaire will consider bids. The Daily Telegraph say at least three parties are circling the Stamford Bridge club and preparing huge offers for Abramovich. Since Abramovich bought Chelsea in 2003, the west London team have won the Champions League twice, the Premier League and FA Cup five times, the Europa League twice and the League Cup three times. But Abramovich confirmed he would be taking a step back from operations of the club at the weekend and giving ‘stewardship and care’ to trustees of Chelsea’s charitable foundation. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Chelsea have insisted that the club is not for sale but there is a feeling that Abramovich’s stance may be softening, especially as the threat of sanctions still hangs over the Blues owner following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Abramovich is one of Russia’s richest people and is believed to be close to Russian President Vladimir Putin, who declared war on Ukraine last week. On Tuesday, Labour MP Chris Bryant claimed Abramovich was ‘terrified of sanctions’ and was as a result preparing to sell his Kensington mansion.  Abramovich has previously turned down offers of more than £2billion for Chelsea but the Telegraph say potential buyers have been emboldened by recent events in west London. Blues manager Thomas Tuchel has refused to say that Abramovich’s ownership of Chelsea is a problem and says his focus is on the team and Wednesday’s FA Cup clash with Luton Town. ‘It’s a bit too much for me to answer. I am not aware of the details and I’m not aware of the whole situation,’ Tuchel said, two days after Chelsea’s Carabao Cup final penalty shootout defeat to Liverpool. ‘We all agree that there are situations much more important than football and this will never change. Situations like war are, of course, so much more important, but the role of Mr Abramovich is not for me to comment on because we don’t know enough about it. Asked if he had a message for fans over the uncertainty of the club’s ownership, Tuchel said: ‘I’m not sure if I am the person to give messages to the fans. ‘We try to be calm here and we are calm in the centre of a storm and noise around us that we cannot control.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 