We’ve all been there – had a few too many G&Ts and decided to book ourselves an expensive Uber home rather than taking the more affordable train or night bus. The receipt in your inbox can be a bit of a shock the next morning, not least to your bank account. But not as large a shock as Leoni Fildes had when she woke up to her bank ringing her, after Uber attempted to take a payment of £4,578 nine times. The 34-year-old had been out celebrating her friend’s birthday on Saturday, March 5, when they started talking about the Ukraine war. Mum-of-two Leoni said she had downed a ‘few double pink gins’ and had several ‘shots of Sambuca’ when she decided to order a taxi to the war-torn country to try and ‘help’. Leoni, from Worsley in Greater Manchester, said: ‘I’m 34 – I should know better. ‘The next day I didn’t remember doing it. I was like ‘oh my god’. ‘I woke up to my bank ringing me, thinking my card had been [used fraudulently]. ‘Uber tried to take the payment nine times out of my account. They were pretty determined. ‘I had a little flashback when the bank called and I said, “I think it was me – sorry.” ‘Normally, Uber allow a trip in advance but they’ve recently stopped it so I was lucky. ‘I remember when we were looking, we said, “Oh, we’ll get the comfort one.” That’s dearer – the XL one.’ If Leoni had ordered a regular UberX taxi, it would have cost her between £2,564 and £3,313. But if she had splashed out on an UberXL, it would have cost between £3,688 and £4,758. Uber’s Comfort option, which offers ‘extra leg room’, temperature and conversation choices, would have cost between £3,014 and £3,891. She said she was relieved she didn’t have enough money in her account to fund the trip, otherwise she doesn’t know what would have happened. Leoni added: ‘I’d gone out with one of my friends in Swinton. We came up with the conversation about the war in Ukraine. ‘My boyfriend’s in the military and we were talking about if he had to go. I said, “If he goes, I’m going with him.” ‘One too many drinks later, we were trying to get a taxi home. We said, “Shall we get a taxi and go help them?” ‘I don’t know what I’d do if Uber had let me order it. I don’t think I’d have got in but you don’t know after a drink. ‘I might have piled into the taxi and realised when we got further out. ‘It would have been coming out of my account and I don’t know where I’d have woken up. ‘After we’d done that, I couldn’t get a taxi for about an hour and a half. They were allowing me to go to Ukraine but not 10 minutes up the road back home. ‘It was only about 10.30pm and I had to ring a few different taxi companies then to get a taxi. I got in at about 12.’ An Uber spokesperson said: ‘We can confirm that no trip requests were successfully made in this instance. We are looking into this further to understand what happened.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.