Katie Price has wondered why she hasn’t received an MBE yet while other stars who have ‘done less than [her]’ have been rewarded. The My Crazy Life star has spent years campaigning for the Government to greenlight Harvey’s Law, which would see a crackdown on online abuse and trolling. Her passion towards the cause was sparked by the horrific messages her eldest son Harvey, 19, has been subjected to, due to him having complex health issues, including Prader-Willi syndrome and being partially blind. However, Price, 43, feels her philanthropic work should be recognised by the Queen. Speaking to The Guardian, she said: ‘Now I’m in the Houses of Parliament campaigning for better laws and opening up people’s eyes to life for people with disabilities. ‘Honestly, I see others getting MBEs who’ve done less than me, and I think: why not me?’ Price earned applause last year after giving the public an insight into her life as a mum caring for a child with disabilities. She released the BBC documentary, Katie Price: Harvey and Me, which charted her quest to find a residential college for Harvey to move into, while also showing her close-knit relationship with him and how he gets along with his siblings, Price’s four other children; Junior, 16, Princess, 14, Jett, eight, and Bunny, seven. This year, she revealed Harvey’s first few months at his new school, National Star, in Cheltenham, from his initial hesitance in the new place to how he has blossomed and made new friends in the follow-up documentary Katie Price: What Harvey Did Next. Opening up about their bond, Price recently told iNews: ‘Some people are quite surprised by how often I visit him, but why wouldn’t I go every weekend? He’s my son. I could never just leave him somewhere and never see him. ‘I am trying to give him space. I’ve lived and breathed him since the day he was born, it’s always been me and Harv – no one can ever take that bond away from us. ‘None of my relationships have ever interfered with him. When you have to share kids with an ex-partner is where problems can begin – sometimes I think it’s easier to have done it alone.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price’s sister Sophie announces engagement hours after she ‘splits from Carl Woods’ MORE : Katie Price and Carl Woods ‘split’ 11 months after engagement amid ongoing court case 