Manchester United’s hierarchy are eyeing a club-record move for Tottenham frontman Harry Kane irrespective of who they decide to appoint as manager, according to reports. The Red Devils are currently in the process of interviewing candidates to succeed interim boss Ralf Rangnick in the Old Trafford hotseat, with the club hoping to have a new man in place as soon as the season is over. Ajax head coach Erik ten Hag was interviewed for the job last Monday and is the current frontrunner, though the likes of Mauricio Pochettino and Luis Enrique are also in contention. United chiefs are keen to have the new man in place as soon as possible so he can contribute to this summer’s recruitment decisions, though they are ready to press ahead with plans of their own. According to The Athletic, United are fearful of Erling Haaland joining Manchester City this summer and feel they must make a marquee signing of their own in response. With Anthony Martial loaned out, Marcus Rashford struggling, Edinson Cavani leaving and Mason Greenwood still suspended after his arrest, United have identified a new striker as the position they need to strengthen most. That has seen United reignite their interest in Kane, a player they have tried – unsuccessfully – to lure to Old Trafford on several occasions in the past. Regardless of who is in charge next season, the club want Kane and feel he is the ideal signing to catapult the club back into title contention, while they know Pochettino has a close bond with the striker from their time together at Spurs. However, Tottenham would be extremely resistant to selling the England captain and, even though he only has two years left on his contract, would still command a transfer fee in excess of £100million – a club-record fee for United. After a slow start to the season, Kane has now netted 12 goals and laid on five assists in the Premier League, as well as becoming England’s joint-second all-time topscorer courtesy of his penalty against Switzerland on Saturday. Spurs are believed to have held talks with the 28-year-old about extending his contract, though any decision will hinge on whether the north Londoners can secure a top-four finish and Champions League football. That said, Kane is enjoying playing under Antonio Conte and has quickly struck up a bond with the Italian. The Athletic also claim that super-agent Jorge Mendes, independent of the club, is lining up potential replacement strikers should Kane leave, with Benfica’s Darwin Nunez and ex-Chelsea frontman Tammy Abraham potential options. MORE : Paul Pogba takes ANOTHER dig at Manchester United by claiming playing for France is a ‘breath of fresh air’ MORE : Wayne Rooney calls ex-Manchester United teammate Cristiano Ronaldo ‘annoying’, Rio Ferdinand ‘arrogant’ and says Carlos Tevez was his ‘biggest disappointment’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 