Daniel Radcliffe was well and truly over Will Smith slap-gate when he was probed about the incident on Good Morning Britain today. This year’s Academy Awards were shrouded with controversy after Smith struck Chris Rock on stage after the comedian made a quip about the King Richard star’s wife, Jada Pinkett Smith. Several people have since shared their views on the incident, with Smith issuing an apology, Rock breaking his silence to say he’s ‘still processing’ what happened and Jim Carrey saying he felt ‘sickened’ that the actor later received a standing ovation for his best actor win. On Thursday’s Good Morning Britain, Ben Shephard and Susanna Reid welcomed Radcliffe onto the programme to discuss his new film The Lost City, in which he stars with Sandra Bullock and Channing Tatum. When Reid tried to find out what the Harry Potter star thought of the Oscars slapping incident, Radcliffe was reluctant to chime in. After the GMB co-host remarked that other celebrities have said they were ‘in the toilets’ at the time during the awards ceremony, Radcliffe replied: ‘I saw it, I’m just so already dramatically bored of hearing people’s opinions about it, that I just don’t want to be another opinion added to it.’ ‘You don’t even want to hear yourself!’ Reid remarked, to which Radcliffe responded: ‘No, no, not at all.’ Reid then drew on her own experiences of being at awards ceremonies when the host has mocked people in the audience, with their reactions caught on camera in ‘uncomfortable’ moments. Remembering going to star-studded events as a child, Radcliffe admitted that at times it was hard to tell ‘if the joke’s with you or you’re the butt of the joke’, so he would ‘just keep smiling and laughing’. In a statement released by the Academy, the organisation said that Smith was ‘asked to leave’ the event after slapping Rock, but he apparently ‘refused’. ‘Things unfolded in a way we could not have anticipated,’ the statement read via Sky News. ‘While we would like to clarify that Mr Smith was asked to leave the ceremony and refused, we also recognise we could have handled the situation differently.’ The Academy has also launched a formal investigation into what happened, which could ‘take weeks’ to determine ‘appropriate action’. In an apology posted on social media, Smith said that ‘violence in all its forms is poisonous and destructive’, adding that he ‘reacted emotionally’ over the joke concerning his wife’s hair loss condition, alopecia. ‘I would like to publicly apologize to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong. I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness,’ he wrote. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ben Shephard still ‘triggered’ by Will Smith slapping Chris Rock at Oscars: ‘There were children in the audience’ MORE : Chris Rock ‘had tears in eyes’ while breaking silence on Will Smith slapping him at the Oscars for first time: ‘I’m still processing’ 