The Walking Dead star Norman Reedus sparked concern after it was revealed that he had been injured in an accident. According to TMZ, the actor – who plays Daryl Dixon in the zombie drama – hit his head while on set, and was taken to hospital after the incident. The 53-year-old is suffered a concussion, but it is not clear whether he was filming at the time of his ordeal. A representative for Norman told Deadline: ‘Norman suffered a concussion on set. ‘He is recovering well and will return to work soon. Thank you to everyone for their concern.’ Norman’s accident was revealed by the Fandemic Tour on Tuesday, with a statement confirming that he would be postponing an upcoming appearance. The event is due to take place between March 18-20 in Atlanta, and has been described as a ‘new kind of comic convention’. In a statement on the official Instagram page, bosses said that Norman and Nick Carter would no longer be taking part. ‘Guest Update: Due to unforeseen circumstances Nick Carter had to postpone due to scheduling conflicts, and Norman Reedus had to postpone due to an injury,’ the message began. ‘We are sending all of our thoughts and positive energy to Norman Reedus. ‘Everyone in our amazing community knows how much he loves his fans, and he wants you to know how terrible he feels about the situation. However, we all want him to do what is best for his health. ‘Let’s send him all of our well-wishes and hope for a speedy recovery.’ Norman is yet to publicly address his reported injury, with his latest Instagram post promoting his debut novel, The Ravaged. He began playing Daryl in the Walking Dead in 2010, and soon became a fan favorite – alongside Melissa McBride, Andrew Lincoln, Lauren Cohan, Danai Gurira and Jeffrey Dean Morgan. Norman will be reprising his role for a spin-off series, following his character and Carol Peletier (Melissa), and is set to hit our screens next year. Metro.co.uk has contacted Norman’s reps for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Gray confesses to Tina’s murder and reveals gruesome details MORE : Liz Hurley pictured for the first time filming Christmas in the Caribbean movie after ex Shane Warne’s death 