A terrified mum is too stressed to sleep at night due to a huge infestation of rats in her flat. Courtney Ricketts once found a rodent ‘right by’ her baby boy’s head as he lay sleeping, and it even left a trail of droppings over his cot. The 24-year-old says she is reduced to tears nearly every day as the rats continue to wreak havoc across the home in Carshalton, south London. Rats first appeared a year ago, while she was pregnant with her youngest son. Courtney and her children – who are five, four and seven-months-old – struggle to sleep at night and are too ashamed to invite people over. She told MyLondon: ‘I can’t stop crying every night and I can’t sleep – it’s awful. During the day I can’t be at home because I know the rats are there. ‘We can’t even invite people over to be in the house with us. ‘We were actually meant to do a party here in the flat for my son, it’s his birthday in March and we’ve had to cancel because I’m scared someone will use the toilet or go to the kitchen and they see a rat and that would make me look dirty. ‘I’m 100 per cent getting to a breaking point, it’s been disgusting.’ When the family see rats around the house, it’s usually three or four at a time. Courtney has appealed to her housing provider for help. But Sutton Housing Partnership said her landlord had ‘no responsibility for the treatment of pests’. The rats have not only taken a mental toll on the Ricketts family – but they have also chewed through their finances. Courtney has spent £250 on traps and routinely has to replace food eaten by the pests. Their clothing often ends up covered in rat droppings and riddled with holes. Courtney is thinking about buying a cat to protect her family, while her eldest children share the top bunk as they fear being close to the ground. She said: ‘Their home should be somewhere they can feel safe and comfortable but it seems like they can’t even get comfy in their own home because of the rats. ‘It’s affecting all of our mental states, I’m constantly crying over this situation. ‘I’m scared the rats are going to chew something and cause a fire in my home while me and my children sleep.’ Courtney claims drain coverage in the block of flats was left open for six weeks during lockdown – and she thinks this is how rats entered the building. If something doesn’t change soon, the family will be forced to look for private accommodation. ‘I can’t afford it, but I can’t keep my family in a house that they don’t feel safe in,’ she added. A Sutton Housing Partnership spokesperson said: ‘We are very sorry that the resident has an ongoing issue with rats in her home and are working with her to resolve this. ‘Our repairs team has visited the property regularly since she first reported the issue and has closed all points of access. ‘We are also now supplying free bait boxes’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 