The Tinder Swindler conman Shimon Hayut actually bragged the Netflix documentary exposing him was about his ‘successful business career’. The fraudster, who gained fame through the popular Netflix true crime documentary, posed as Simon Leviev, the billionaire son of a diamond mogul. Although he was exposed for stealing money from women around the world which he used to fund his lavish lifestyle, according to one of his victims he actually pretended the documentary was about his success. Pernilla Sjoholm, one of the women who worked to expose Hayut and is now using her platform to support other fraud victims, revealed exclusively to Metro.co.uk: ‘Even when they were doing the Netflix movie, he was going out and saying there was a Netflix movie being made about his successful business life.’ Instead, the documentary exposed Hayut for who he really is, despite him denying any allegations. Pernilla, along with Cecilie Fjellhøy and Ayleen Koeleman, is now working with the real Leviev family to bring Simon to justice, with Netflix and fans backing her corner. She said: ‘We’re very grateful for the help we’re getting from the Leviev family as well. ‘It’s still my goal [to get Simon behind bars], I’m never going to give up on that.’ She joked: ‘For me, I sort of would feel happier with him being in a prison in Israel than in a nice prison in Sweden.’ But instead of behind bars, Hayut, who has signed with Hollywood talent agency Gitoni, is now reveling in the fame and launching his career with a website, an NFT collection, and even his own merch displaying slogans from the show. In an interview with Inside Edition Hayut has further protested his innocence and claimed he is ‘not a monster’. ‘I was just a single guy that wanted to meet some girls on Tinder. I am not a Tinder Swindler,’ he said. However, Pernilla thinks Hayut is telling lies and brainwashing people into believing him. While so many critics and trolled accused of her and his other victims of falling for his lies, questioning how they could believe in him, they are now believing his lies on social media. She said: ‘I just find it so funny because everyone asks how could you believe him, but then he goes out on social media and says one thing and then everyone believes that is the truth. ‘He is a fraudster. Nothing he says is true. ‘He’s a fraudster and everything he says is a lie. ‘He’s become a cartoon character.’ In 2019, Hayut was jailed in Israel for travelling on a fake passport, but was released after five months on good behaviour. He previously spent two years in a Finnish prison for defrauding several women, and was released in 2017. Hayut is now facing a lawsuit from the real Leviev family, as the children of the ‘King of Diamonds’ Lev Leviev are filing a private complaint against him for defamation and violation of privacy, accusing the swindler of using their family name for ‘criminal purposes’. While this battle is ongoing, Pernilla is working to support other fraud victims, and has launched a marketing partnership with Stockholm-based startup Anyfin that enables consumers to refinance their existing loans, avoid high credit costs, and improve their financial health. Adding that she was grateful the show worked to change people’s perception of fraud, Pernilla said she was pleased with the recognition gained for what she (and Cecilie and Ayleen) have been through and what actually happened to them. ‘To take part in trying to open up people’s eyes as well, I’m not thinking I can change the world overnight, but at least if you can change a few people and change the way they are thinking and how they see fraud in general,’ she said. She further admitted that gaining the support from fans has also included hearing the stories of other victims of fraud, which she called ‘heart-breaking’. ‘It’s so sad and difficult to hear that there are so many fraudsters out there that do this to people. ‘The saddest emails I’ve gotten are those with people saying I’ve never gotten to talk to anybody about it, and I just thought I’d share my story. ‘It’s really heart-breaking because it’s so important to have that support around you.’ The Tinder Swindler is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tinder Swindler has actually been swindled and the tables have turned for Shimon Hayut MORE : The Tinder Swindler conman Shimon Hayut denies being a fraud despite lawsuit from the actual Leviev family 