A Ukrainian policeman’s entire family were shot dead on the day Russian forces invaded, it has emerged. Oleg Fedko, 30, was out on patrol when his loved ones were slaughtered as troops opened fire on two cars near the southern city of Novaya Kakhovka. Sofia Fedko, six, and her six-week-old baby brother brother Ivan, died alongside their mother Irina, 27, and their two grandparents, Oleg and Anna, both aged 56. Oleg’s brother Denis Fedko said he was speaking to his mother on the phone on Thursday last week, when Vladimir Putin’s forces crossed the border. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live He said: ‘I kept hearing my mother yelling that there were children [in the car] and “how can you [do that?]”.’ Describing the attack, he said: ‘I heard little Vanya [Ivan] was crying loudly. He was only a month and a half old. ‘And then I heard shots. Then there was silence after that, and then shots again. There were two bursts, each two to three shots long. I realised they were finishing them off’. Oleg Sr had driven to pick up the family as his son was on duty, according to reports. It is thought the family decided to flee as Russian troops entered  Veseloye village,  some 40 miles from the city of Kherson – which Moscow now claims to have captured. Local media reports say the first car that was fired at in Veseloye managed to get away in time, but the second didn’t. Oleg ‘is unable to retrieve the bodies of his relatives killed by the Russian troops’, reported zaxid.net. Moscow denies attacking civilians and says it is only striking military targets, but countless pictures show residential buildings left completely destroyed. The world was shocked as pictures emerged of Polina, a Harry Potter-mad 10-year-old girl who was shot dead with her parents while trying to flee Kyiv. The pink-haired schoolgirl’s brother was left in a critical condition in hospital, unaware that his family have been gunned down. But five-year-old Semyon died of his injuries on Wednesday, according to a family friend. Meanwhile while his eldest sister Sofia, 13, remains in a critical condition in hospital, still unaware that her entire family has been lost. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.