China’s state broadcaster says no survivors have been found in the wreckage of a plane that crashed with 132 people on board. The China Eastern jet plummeted 30,000ft in two minutes on Monday morning, hitting the ground at 350mph. A search and rescue mission was launched but families of the passengers and crew members were left waiting to hear more information about the disaster 18 hours later. Authorities released an update on Tuesday morning saying: ‘Wreckage of the plane was found at the scene, but up until now, none of those aboard the plane with whom contact was lost have been found.’ The Boeing 737-800 crashed near the city of Wuzhou in the Guangxi region while flying from Kunming in the south-western province of Yunnan to the industrial centre of Guangzhou along the east coast. Villagers were first to arrive at the forested area where the plane went down on Monday, sparking a blaze big enough to be seen on Nasa satellite images. The cause of the plane crash – China’s worst aviation disaster in 10 years  – is not yet clear. Aviation expert Sally Gethin  said the pilot may have passed out as the aircraft began to plummet, before briefly coming to and trying to stop the disaster. She said flight data suggests there was a ’10 to 20-second spell where one or more of the pilots regained consciousness and tried to save the plane’ before it smashed in the the ground. All of those on board ‘would have been unconscious’ for this final horror plunge, she told The Sun online. She added: ‘Pilots get a huge amount of training, much of it in simulators. But in the real world, they can get overwhelmed or disorientated by sudden events. This is known as the startle effect, and it is every hard to train for that. ‘Even experienced pilots can be caught off guard and that’s when they can make poor judgements. Now there are efforts to recognise that and offer additional training.’ She stressed it is ‘too soon to speculate’ about what may have caused the crash, but some possibilities could have been a malfunction with the tail, weather, or a myriad of issues which may have affected the aircraft such as a ‘small fire on board’ or a wiring issue. She added it is ‘unusual’ that the co-pilot had 30,000 hours of flight experience while the pilot reportedly only had 7,000 hours under their belt. A third trainee pilot, who only had a few hundred ours of flying experience, was also on the plane. Video shared widely online shows the plane in the final nosedive, which preliminary flight data suggests began at around 8 to 9,000 feet. Hundreds of rescue workers were swiftly dispatched from Guangxi and neighbouring Guangdong province following the crash. The plane was carrying 123 passengers and nine crew members, Chinese air authorities (CAAC) said, correcting earlier reports that 133 people had been on board. Chinese President Xi Jinping called for an ‘all-out effort’ by the rescue operation, as well as for an investigation into the crash and to ensure complete civil aviation safety. State media reported all 737-800s in China Eastern’s fleet were ordered grounded, while broadcaster CCTV said the airliner had set up nine teams to deal with aircraft disposal, accident investigation, family assistance and other pressing matters. The CAAC and China Eastern both said they had sent officials to the crash site in accordance with emergency measures. State media said local police first received calls from villagers alerting the crash at around 2.30pm (6.30GMT) Guangxi provincial emergency management department said contact with the plane was lost at 2.15pm. Chicago-based Boeing said it was aware of the initial reports of the crash and was ‘working to gather more information’. China Eastern, which has its headquarters in Shanghai, is one of China’s top three airlines, operating domestic and international routes serving 248 destinations. Flight number 5735 had been travelling at around 30,000ft when suddenly, just after 0620 GMT, the plane entered a deep dive at its cruising altitude speed of 455 knots (523mph, 842kph), according to data from flight-tracking website FlightRadar24.com. The data suggests the plane crashed within a minute-and-a-half of whatever went wrong. The plane stopped transmitting data just south-west of the Chinese city of Wuzhou, a city of three million in eastern Guangxi. The aircraft was delivered to the airline from Boeing in June 2015 and had been flying for more than six years. China Eastern Airlines uses the Boeing 737-800 as one of the main workhorses of its fleet – of its more than 600 planes, 109 are Boeing 737-800s. Boeing began delivering the 737-800 to customers in 1997 and delivered the last of the series to China Eastern in 2020. It made more than 5,200 of the narrow-body aircraft, a popular, single-aisle commuter plane. The twin-engine, single aisle Boeing 737 is one of the world’s most popular planes for short and medium-haul flights. China Eastern operates multiple versions of the common aircraft, including the 737-800 and the 737 Max. The deadliest crash involving a Boeing 737-800 came in January 2020, when Iran’s paramilitary Revolutionary Guard accidentally shot down a Ukraine International Airlines flight, killing all 176 people on board. The 737 Max version was grounded worldwide after two fatal crashes. China’s aviation regulator cleared that plane to return to service late last year, making the country the last major market to do so. China’s last fatal crash of a civilian airliner was in 2010. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.