A young woman waiting for a heart transplant has spoken of how it’s ‘a pleasure to be back’ after she died and was miraculously brought back to life by doctors. Thalyta Barbosa, then 21, told Metro.co.uk she was on her way to work as a housekeeper when she had a heart attack at a shockingly young age. ‘I was talking with my friend on the phone and was running to get the bus,’ she said of the events in January last year. ‘When I went up the stairs, I couldn’t catch my breath. I was not feeling right, and then – I remember speaking to a lady just in front of me, asking if she could go downstairs and tell the driver to call an ambulance because I wasn’t feeling well.’ She said when she was in the Clapham Junction area of London the bus driver called an ambulance which arrived quickly. ‘I fell to the floor in the street, they kept asking my full name, how old I was, and I just remember that lady who had helped me – she took my phone and kept in touch with my friend who was on the other end. ‘She explained everything, where I was, what was happening, and luckily my friend showed up and took my things. ‘The last thing I remember that day was they put these things on my heart to see my heart beating, and they said something wasn’t right.’ Thalyta was rushed to Hammersmith Hospital but when she arrived, 15 minutes had passed without oxygen reaching her brain. She added: ‘They told my dad if I came back, maybe I wouldn’t recognise everyone. ‘He said everyone was opening the doors with a sad face, because they had done everything and I was still clinically dead, but they tried.’ But after her first round of surgery – out of seven she has now had in total – doctors managed to bring Thalyta back to life. She was then moved to Harefield Hospital, which specialises in heart treatment, where she was in a coma for a month. ‘When I woke up, I thought it was just yesterday that it had happened, and I was really confused. I couldn’t remember everything that happened – for me it was just the day before.’ Doctors discovered Thalyta had suffered a spontaneous coronary artery dissection, when a tear forms in a blood vessel in the heart. As a result she had a heart attack. It is still unclear what caused her heart issues, but she had contracted coronavirus a month beforehand. There was no history in her family of heart problems, but doctors noted her arteries were smaller than they should be. To replace the function of her failing heart, she needed to have a left ventricular assist device (LVAD) installed, which is an electromechanical device for assisting cardiac circulation. While recovering from her major surgeries Thalyta was in hospital for five months and two days, and she had to learn how to walk again and eat properly. ‘In those months, I only ate solid food for two months,’ Thalyta added. ‘For me it was the hardest time. I spent one month eating nothing, and the medication plus the surgery made me feel sick. ‘I had terrible taste and was vomiting, and I lost 15 pounds. ‘I was awake, I was seeing everyone on really hot days and they were drinking water. My wish was just a glass of water.’ She said despite the challenges of her recovery, Thalyta was ‘really positive about everything’. ‘I knew I’d died and had been brought back to life – so for me, it was like a pleasure to be back,’ she explained. ‘I was fighting for my health.’ She was put on the heart transplant list, but doctors struggled to find her a match due to her age and size. Thalyta added: ‘Everything was quite overwhelming. For you to get a transplant someone needs to die. ‘It was quite hard too as most people in the UK are a bigger size than me. They had one possibility but the size and weight of the donor heart didn’t match to me so they couldn’t do it.’ She instead had the LVAD installed, and hopes to be put back on the transplant waiting list once she is strong enough in around six months or so. After she was discharged Thalyta moved back in with her family so her dad could look after her. ‘At the beginning, it was really hard,’ she said. ‘Even because, I was happy – I’m still here. ‘But living a totally different life, physically and mentally. You never feel like you did before. ‘I think my family and I had never had any health problems so it all happened to me so suddenly. I’m just living step by step. ‘It’s different every day – some days I wake up fine, but other days I wake up feeling really bad.’ Thalyta, now 22, says as part of her recovery she tries to avoid ‘thinking about the bad things’ and considers how far she has come over the last year. ‘For all that happened to me, I feel good to be here, happy to be here, to spend more time with my family,’ she said. ‘I’m not the same way I was. I look in the mirror, it’s hard to see what I see, but I don’t like to think that way. ‘I’m still alive. Some people don’t have the same chance to be here.’ Thalyta is supporting the British Heart Foundation. It is only with donations from the public that the charity can keep its life saving research going to help people like her. Help turn science fiction into reality here. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.