Chris Rock has been pictured for the first time since he was slapped by Will Smith at the Oscars in a shocking clash that has already gone down in the awards show’s history. The comedian looked to be keeping a low profile as he headed to his comedy show in Boston, before kicking off his world tour in early April. Donning a jacket, hoodie, baseball cap and trainers, he was seen arriving in Boston on Tuesday ahead of his first performance on Wednesday. Chris, 57, has not yet addressed the controversy after he made a joke about King Richard actor Will’s wife Jada, 50, at the ceremony. Referencing Jada’s buzzcut, he asked her about ‘G.I Jane 2’, with Will storming the stage and slapping him, before returning to his seat and shouting: ‘Keep my wife’s name out of your f**king mouth’. Jada suffers from Alopecia, which is thought to be why Will was so offended. It’s been reported that Chris did not know about Jada’s condition. Just moments after the shocking clash, Will won the best actor award for his role in King Richard, with the actor weeping as he gave his speech. The 53-year-old actor has since apologised for his behaviour, writing on Instagram: ‘Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. My behavior at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally. ‘I would like to publicly apologize to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong. I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness. ‘I would also like to apologize to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world. I would like to apologize to the Williams Family and my King Richard Family. I deeply regret that my behavior has stained what has been an otherwise gorgeous journey for all of us.‘I am a work in progress.’ While some, including actress Zoe Kravitz, have supported Chris following the already infamous clash, others criticised the joke, saying it was out of line. Will has faced similarly divided opinions, with some supporting him for sticking up for Jada, while others said there was no need for physical violence. The Academy has condemned the King Richard star’s actions and stressed it is investigating the matter. ‘As outlined in our bylaws, the Academy’s Board of Governors will now make a determination on appropriate action for Mr. Smith,’ a letter to members read. ‘As governed by California law regarding members of nonprofit organisations like the Academy, and set forth in our Standards of Conduct, this must follow an official process that will take a few weeks.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Will Smith ‘will have therapy to resolve issues from his youth’ after Oscars clash with Chris Rock MORE : Oscars host Amy Schumer ‘triggered and traumatised’ following Will Smith’s ‘disturbing’ slap: ‘Waiting for this sickening feeling to go away’ 