Kate Garraway enjoyed a night of escapism as she celebrated daughter Darcey’s 16th birthday amid what she revealed has been a ‘tough week’. The Good Morning Britain presenter took a night off from caring for husband Derek Draper to treat Darcey to a showing of Dirty Dancing on London’s West End. Alongside a picture of the pair sitting in the audience, Kate, 56, wrote in an Instagram post: ‘Well what a way to celebrate your 16th birthday Eve!! @ddonstage is THE best fun & we are both in love with Johnny. And yes Darcey has already told me no one puts her in a corner!’ She added: ‘Just what the doctor ordered after a tough week. The season ends at Easter so if you get the chance to go do it! #dirtydancing #dirtydancinglondon.’ Darcey dressed appropriately for the occasion wearing a tiara as she prepares to celebrate her milestone birthday on Thursday. Kate did not divulge further on what has made for such a difficult week, but there have been unconfirmed reports that husband Derek’s business has suffered over the past two years during his poor health, and will close in a matter of days. Derek tested positive for Covid in March 2020 and was taken to hospital where he fell into a coma. He woke up several months later and was eventually released last year. However, Derek’s journey back to good health isn’t over as he requires round-the-clock care, with Kate recently stating that he would ‘die in three days’ if left alone. Kate shared an update on her husband’s recovery through the documentary Caring For Derek, which included him travelling to Mexico to receive specialist treatment. Her first film, Finding Derek, won a National Television Award after the great impact it had on viewers. Kate admitted she ‘thought long and hard’ about letting cameras inside her household again, as she ‘wanted it to offer more’ than just sharing what her family has been through. The former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here star also ‘wanted to shine a light on issues’ that affect others, and prayed it would ‘give hope to everyone who is battling on with whatever life has thrown at you’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lauren Goodger steps out with baby bump on show for the first time since announcing second pregnancy with Charles Drury MORE : Kourtney Kardashian calls herself out amid backlash after telling women to ‘get up and work’ 