An entire hotel in Poland has been rented out by a couple from Lincolnshire to create a hub for refugees fleeing the Russian invasion. Jakub and Gosia Golata, who immigrated to the UK in 2004, took over the Park Hotel Tryszczyn near Bydgoszcz, where Ukrainians can stay while they are placed with host families. Mr Golata, 42, said he wanted to take immediate action because help was not getting to the right places quickly enough. He said: ‘We cannot carry on keep drinking tea and thinking about the crisis. We’ve got hundreds of thousands people exposed to potential abuse and sleeping rough. We need to act now.’ Mr Golata, who works on the HS2 rail project as a logistics manager, has lived with his wife in Barrow upon Humber for much of the last two decades. His wife is a serving officer with Lincolnshire Police and is currently on sabbatical while she cares for her mother in Poland. Soon after the Russian invasion began, he travelled to join her and try to help with the humanitarian effort. Mr Golata initially drove a minibus eight hours to the border, picked up refugees and found friends and family who were happy to host them. But after doing this a few times, he felt he needed to do more. He said: ‘I came up with this idea that if I would be able to rent an entire hotel and place these vulnerable mothers and children in a hotel, and then allow them to settle, feel safe, looked after and be able to come to terms what’s happening, then that that would be the best thing. ‘And that would also allow me to find the local community volunteers so they can be taken care of a bit more.’ He received backing from his bosses at Skanska, who gave him time to work on the project, and also linked up with the Polish arm of Sue Ryder charity to help with fundraising. After finding a 180-bed hotel, he drove a 48-seater bus to the border where he picked up a number of families fleeing the violence and brought them there. ‘It was mentally very challenging because the mothers were crying – they were uncertain about what’s going to happen,’ he said. Once at the hub, he aims to match the refugees with local households who are happy to take them in for a longer period. They will continue to provide whatever support they can, even once the refugees have moved on. ‘This refugee hubs basically provides the refugees safety and security that should the Polish family not be right for them or vice versa, they’ve got the refugee hub to go back to,’ he said. ‘It’s a risk reduction and also a support for both, so much as we are worrying about the refugees we are also worrying about the adopting families, because they also need support.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.