Damian Hurley, the son of Elizabeth Hurley, has paid tribute to Shane Warne following his death aged 52, describing the late cricket star as a ‘father figure’. On Friday, it was announced that the former Australian professional cricketer had died following a suspected heart attack while in Thailand. Tributes have come pouring in for the sporting legend, including from individuals including Piers Morgan, Dan Walker, Ed Sheeran and his ex-partner Hurley. In a post shared on Saturday, Damian, Hurley’s son with late businessman Steve Bing, wrote that he was ‘still trying to wrap his head around’ Warne’s death. Sharing several pictures of them together, he wrote: ‘I’m still trying to wrap my head around this… ‘SW was a father figure to me for most of my formative years and was truly one the best men I’ve ever known. My heart is broken. Thinking of and sending love to all SW’s family.’ Hurley and Warne was first romantically linked in 2010, when the couple were photographed kissing. The bowler later confirmed that he and his ex-wife Simone Callahan had already separated, although only close friends and relatives knew at that point. The model and cricketer announced their engagement in 2011, although in 2013, it was reported that their wedding had been called off. Following their separation, Warne continued to speak fondly of Hurley, one saying: ‘[I’m] quite sad it’s over because I still care about her deeply and she’s a wonderful person.’ Damian, who followed in his mother’s footsteps by becoming a model, was a child when she and Warne first started dating. For a brief amount of time, he lived in Australia due to their relationship. In her tribute to Warne posted on social media on Saturday, Hurley described him as her ‘lionheart’. ‘I feel like the sun has gone behind a cloud forever. RIP my beloved Lionheart @shanewarne23,’ she wrote. In Hurley’s post, one of the pictures she shared showed her kissing Warne on the beach, with another photo showing the pair with a lamb. Warne’s death was confirmed after he was found unresponsive in his villa in Koh Samui. A statement from his management said: ‘It is with great sadness we advise that Shane Keith Warne passed away of a suspected heart attack. ‘Despite the best efforts of medical staff, he could not be revived. The family requests privacy at this time and will provide further details in due course.’ He is widely regarded as one of the best cricket players in history, having taken an incredible 708 wickets in 145 Test matches. After retiring from the game, he ventured into commentating, as well as coaching in recent years. Warne is survived by his three children Brooke, Jackson and Summer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Shane Warne’s ex Elizabeth Hurley pays tribute to ‘beloved lionheart’ after his death at 52 MORE : Shane Warne opened up on ‘operation shred’ health kick days before death aged 52 