Russian soldiers captured in Ukraine have apologised for killing ‘civilians and children’ during Vladimir Putin’s ‘treacherous invasion’ of the country. It comes as Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said enemy troops have been fleeing the battlefield and urged those about to be thrown in to surrender. In his latest address to the nation, he also spoke directly to Russian forces, telling them they will be treated ‘decently’ if they lay down their weapons, adding: ‘Why should you die? What for?’ The seven army reconnaissance officers are thought to have been shot down in Ukrainian air space last week. Given the opportunity to speak to journalists at the Interfax Ukraine News Agency, one of the downed pilots, Sergey Galkin, blasted their military leaders as ‘cowards’ and ‘traitors’. Sobbing, he said: ‘I apologise for myself, for my squad, to every home, to every street, to every citizen of Ukraine, to the elderly, to women, to children, for our invasion of these lands. ‘I gravely apologise for our treacherous invasion. ‘To the generalship of our military units I would like to say one thing – that they’ve acted cowardly, that they acted traitorously to us.’ According to The Sun, the 34-year-old, from Roschchinsky, Russia, also implored Putin to ‘stop sending soldiers’ into the country. In a translated speech, he is quoted as saying the president had ordered them to ‘invade Ukraine, seize the capital of Kyiv, supposedly protecting the population from fascism and tyranny, which are allegedly present in Ukraine’. But he went on: ‘When we ended up in Ukraine, we realised that this is a real disaster, when many relatives, friends of Ukrainians live on the territory of the Russian Federation. ‘Here lives a peaceful kind nation. It is beyond words that people are kind and everyone communicates with each other. It was a state of an unknown origin.’ Another captured serviceman, Maksim Chernik, added: ‘It was terrible feeling to realise what a mistake we had made. ‘Simply understanding that all this has to be fixed, the relations have to be improved somehow. ‘This will take more than one year. It will take decades, maybe centuries. I simply don’t want to exist after all of this after what’s going on here.’ Thousands have been killed in the conflict, including many Russians. The true number is difficult to verify and heavily disputed, with the US claiming as many as 4,000 Russian troops have died while Moscow issued a rare update putting the death toll following the first week of fighting at 498. Last night, Mr Zelensky said the Russian invaders had been shocked by the fierce Ukrainian resistance and have fled the battlefield. He went on: ‘I want to tell the Russian soldiers. Those who have already entered our land. And who are just about to be sent to fight against us. ‘Russian conscripts! Listen to me very carefully. Russian officers! You’ve already understood everything. You will not take anything from Ukraine. You will take lives. There are a lot of you. But your life will also be taken. ‘But why should you die? What for? I know that you want to survive. We hear your conversations in the intercepts, we hear what you really think about this senseless war, about this disgrace and about your state. Your conversations with each other. Your calls home to your family. ‘We hear it all. We draw conclusions. We know who you are. ‘Therefore, I offer you a choice. On behalf of the Ukrainian people, I give you a chance. Chance to survive. ‘If you surrender to our forces, we will treat you the way people are supposed to be treated. As people, decently. In a way you were not treated in your army. And in a way your army does not treat ours. Choose!’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.