Prince Andrew has paid a financial settlement to his accuser Virginia Giuffre after cutting a deal to avoid going to trial. The Duke of York had last month agreed to pay a considerable sum of money, reported to be some £12 million, to settle a case brought by the American woman. Ms Giuffre alleged she was made to have sex with Andrew three times when she was just 17, and while she was the victim of a trafficking ring orchestrated by billionaire paedophile Jeffry Epstein and his girlfriend Ghislaine Maxwell. The duke has always strenuously denied the accusations, claiming he had no recollection over ever meeting Ms Giuffre and vowing to fight them in court. However last month he decided not to risk a public hearing, which threatened to overshadow the Queen’s platinum Jubilee celebrations. Under civil law, agreeing to settle a case does not amount to an admission of guilt. ‘Stipulation of Dismissal’ court documents were filed on Monday calling for the civil sexual assault action to be dismissed. The joint order added that each party would pay their own costs and fees. Once the order is signed by Judge Lewis Kaplanm, the long-running civil case will come to an official end. Andrew was pictured leaving Windsor Castle after visiting the Queen as the news was announced. He has faced calls to confirm how he funded the multimillion-pound deal, and whether his mother or his brother contributed to the sum. Yesterday it was reported Prince Charles would be loaning him up to £7m to help bankroll the payout, while the Queen is said to be covering £2 million. Buckingham Palace has been mostly silent about the decade-long battle with Ms Giuffre. Speaking on Charles’ decision to apparently loan the money, a source told The Sun: ‘There were family discussions about how to “take a little from here and a little from there”. ‘Once it (money from the chalet) hits his bank account, he can pay back his brother and whoever else has lent him money. ‘But that payment (to Virginia) has to be paid on time. He can’t rely on selling the chalet. Too many things can go wrong and the court won’t wait for property queries.’ According to the newspaper, Andrew has just 10 days to pay the money to Ms Giuffre as part of his deal. It is also understood he has to pay the money back to the Queen and his brother when he gets the cash from the £17 million sale of his ski chalet in Switzerland. The prince is currently unemployed, and a friend of his stated ‘he has no income or money to repay a bank loan so the family is the only way to guarantee the payment’. The Queen took steps to distance the royal family from Andrew and protect the monarchy brand as the prospect of a trial loomed. She stripped him of his honorary military roles, with the duke also giving up using his HRH – a style he was born with. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.