Max Verstappen has doubled down on his refusal to take an active part in Netflix’s Drive to Survive series. The fourth season of Netflix’s behind-the-scenes F1 series was released earlier this month in the build up to the season opener in Bahrain and has received mixed reviews. Verstappen is not the only driver who has expressed some concerns about the way Netflix has portrayed some drivers and scenes – with the series accused of using quotes and communications out of context to make things more dramatic. The reigning world champion has once again made it clear he won’t be participating anytime soon. ‘You as a person, you are trying to build a brand, just by being myself,’ he told the Associated Press. ‘But then a series like that can just put you down completely different just because they like it like that and I think that is very wrong and I prefer not to be a part of it. ‘Not all, but quite a lot of things are wrong. ‘People get the wrong idea about a certain person of how they actually are, they don’t know because they are new to the sport and they just watch the series. ‘My opinion is not going to change.’ F1 CEO Stefano Domenicali recently admitted the sport plans to hold talks with Netflix to ensure any future series don’t ‘distort the image and meaning’ of F1. ‘There is no question that the Netflix project has had a very successful effect,’ he said. ‘In order to ignite the interest of a new audience, a tone was used that in some ways focused on dramatising the story. ‘It’s an opportunity, but I think it needs to be understood. We talked about it this weekend [in Bahrain] at a meeting with the teams as well. ‘A driver who refuses to participate because he feels he is not being represented in the right way is not being constructive; so a dialogue is needed to understand how he can be included in a format that he feels is correct. ‘We will also talk to Netflix, because it is necessary that the story does not move away from reality, otherwise it no longer fits. ‘It is a topic that we will address together with the drivers. We have to make sure that a project that has generated such exceptional traction has a language that continues to appeal, but without distorting the image and the meaning of the sport that we live with every day.’ Verstappen will be hoping to get some points on the board in Saudi Arabia this weekend having had to retire the car in the final laps in Bahrain. MORE : Lewis Hamilton reacts to ‘unfortunate’ Max Verstappen retirement at Bahrain Grand Prix MORE : Max Verstappen claims Red Bull car had multiple problems during Bahrain Grand Prix For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 