Holly Willoughby became incredibly emotional after This Morning played a clip of a young girl singing Let It Go from Disney’s Frozen, as she sought safety in a bomb shelter. The Russian invasion of Ukraine is now in its second week, with an estimated 1.5 million Ukrainians thought to have fled the country. As the attack continues, many Ukrainians have been finding protection in bomb shelters, as the threat of shelling from Russia worsens. However, with many appalling scenes in the news coming from the nation in recent days, the panel on This Morning showed those watching at home a small bit of positivity as they discussed the latest updates on the conflict. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Holly introduced a video of a young girl singing in Ukrainian to others around her in a bomb shelter in the capital city, Kyiv. She was met with applause after she finished her performance, and clearly struck a chord with those in the studio. ‘We’ve seen the worst of humanity, but also the best of humanity in this crisis,’ Gyles Brandreth said. Royal correspondent Camilla Tominey was left struggling to find the words after viewing the clip, sharing: ’I haven’t seen that before actually. ‘She’s the age of my youngest daughter, it’s awful.’ Choked up, Holly added: ‘It’s horrible… it’s horrible.’ As she started to cry, her co-host Phillip Schofield jumped in and said: ‘Let’s leave it there,’ before cutting to an ad break. Viewers were also left emotional over the scenes, with one tweeting: ‘Ok that last part of #ThisMorning got me a bit as well.’ ‘That beautiful innocent little girl singing just brings home even more that we’re living through the absolute worst time of our lives right now. It makes me so angry that one man can hold so much power. I feel guilt that we’re so far away from it. It’s devastating.💔 #ThisMorning,’ said another. A viewer commented: ‘Aww that was emotional that girl singing let it go in Ukraine bomb shelter #Thismorning.’ ‘That little girl broke my heart 💔 This all has to stop 😢 #ThisMorning,’ someone else wrote. Idina Menzel – who voiced Elsa in Frozen – responded to the clip, sharing: ‘“We see you. We really, really see you.’ Her character sang the famous song in the movie. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Susanna Reid orders journalist in Ukraine to ‘get to safety’ as artillery heard during Good Morning Britain interview MORE : Holly Willoughby urges This Morning caller with ‘anti-breastfeeding’ parents to stand her ground: ‘This is your choice!’ 