More than 1,000 suspected gang members have been rounded up in El Salvador after a major outbreak of violence over the weekend. Prisoners are being deprived of mattresses, limited to two meals per day and have been shown packed like sardines into overflowing prisons. The government was forced to declare a state of emergency after 87 murders between Friday and Sunday in a country which has long been blighted by organised crime. Monday saw raids targeting gang strongholds across the capital city of San Salvador and the government has vowed to keep them locked up indefinitely. Those rounded up during recent operations have been added to the 16,000 members already locked up, stretching the country’s prisons to breaking point. President Nayib Bukele wrote on Twitter that they ‘would not see the sun’ if the killing did not stop, a direct threat to the country’s most powerful gang. The slayings have been linked to Mara Salvatrucha or MS-13, a feared organisation which effectively controls parts of the Central American state. Five suspected leaders have been detained and members already incarcerated have been locked in their cells. The fierce crackdown – which allows suspects to be arrested without access to a lawyer – has drawn some international condemnation but defended by the president. He said: ‘Don’t think they are going to be set free. We are going to ration the same food we are giving now (to inmates). ‘And if the international community is worried about their little angels, they should come and bring them food, because I am not going to take budget money away from the schools to feed these terrorists.’ Other images showed prisoners wearing nothing but shorts being kept in stress positions and sandwiched together with their hands ziptied behind their backs. Others showed prison guards armed with truncheons forcibly corralling inmates around secure units and some falling to the ground while being made to run in cuffs. At one point in the video circulated by the president, an inmate tumbles down a flight of stairs before being forced to his feet to continue running. The wave of 87 gang-linked killings compared to 79 in the entire month of February, a staggering uptick even for a country with the highest murder rate in the world. While the government’s tough approach to gangs will continue to raise human rights concerns, it will likely find support among many El Salvadorians. Mario Alas told AP: ‘This is unbearable. The gangs kill whenever they want, they do whatever they want. They have to be punished, and very hard.’ Juana Sanchez, 55, said: ‘Nothing happens to them, they put them in jail for a while and fatten them up, and when they get out they get out they continue to prey on people, taking their money and killing them.’ MORE : ‘They kill like the Taliban’: Inside the horror of Mexico’s raging drug war The president has previously been accused by the US Treasury Department of secretly negotiating a truce with leaders of the gangs, a charge he denies but that has led to accusations he has helped them to grow. Washington alleges Bukele’s government bought the support of gangs to help him win election with financial benefits and privileges for their imprisoned leaders including prostitutes and cellphones. Bukele has vehemently denied the accusations. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.