It is now a crime for parents or carers in Wales to physically punish children. The new legislation removes the ‘reasonable punishment’ defence that has been in place since the Victorian era, which gave parents some legal protection for hitting their kids. This law change gives children the same protection from assault that adults have. It covers any type of physical punishment, including smacking, hitting, slapping and shaking children. Experts roundly agree that this is a positive move. Welsh government minister Mark Drakeford said this is a ‘historic moment’ for children and their rights. ‘That right is now enshrined in Welsh law – no more grey areas, no more “defence of reasonable punishment”,’ he added. ‘That is all in the past’ Sweden was the first country to outlaw the physical punishment of children back in 1979. Since then, smacking children has already been outlawed in 63 nations, including Scotland. England is the only nation in the United Kingdom where smacking children is allowed, and campaigners are calling for the law to change. In a survey of 3,000 adults in England, the NSPCC found that 64% think it is time to change the law and ban smacking, while 68% said it is not acceptable. The CEO of NSPCC, Peter Wanless, doesn’t agree with the criticism that this is ‘new age dogma’ that will lead to a ‘snooping’ culture. He’s in full support of the law change, ‘because a child’s right to protection from physical assault (a legal protection adults enjoy) matters more than a parent’s right to assault their child.’ Tammy Palmer, a campaigner and mother from North London, wants the law to be extended to England. She tells Metro.co.uk: ‘Children have a right to grow up free from violence – without fear of being hit and hurt by those that are meant to care for and nurture them. ‘We urgently need to push for a change in English Law to ensure we protect our most vulnerable citizens – our children.’ While parenting can be incredibly rewarding, it also comes with a lot of challenges, including knowing how to respond when your child does something you ask them not to. Kalini Kent, an educational mentor, youth/parent coach and motherof two, says that is a huge difference between discipline and physical punishment. ‘Discipline is about providing a child with boundaries, guidance and support so they learn appropriate behaviour,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. ‘The change in law would not affect a parent’s ability to do this. ‘Physical punishment is not a necessary part of disciplining children and can be harmful to the wellbeing of both child and parent.’ There is evidence that smacking children can damage their brain development, due to the stress and fear felt. It also puts them at increased risk of alcohol misuse, depression and anti-social and aggressive behaviours. So, why do some parents still believe smacking works? It’s all because at first, children might indeed stop what they’re doing after being hit – but that doesn’t mean it’s the right way to approach issues. ‘While children often stop what they’re doing when they get a smack, it does not help children learn about self-control or appropriate behaviour,’ Kalini explains. This is because children look to their parents to learn how to behave, explains Early Years Consultant Vanessa Dooley. If parents react to strong emotions by hitting, children will think that violence is an appropriate response to anger. ‘We need to be promoting and encouraging children to learn how to regulate their own emotions and behaviour through learning how to breathe and regulate,’ she adds. ‘Instead of having outbursts they learn to control their own behaviour but this can only be done if we co-regulate our own emotions too.’ There are ways to discipline children that don’t involve any physical punishment. This is called non-violent or gentle discipline. ‘Gentle discipline is treating your children in the way you would have like to have been treated by your own parents as a child,’ says Sarah Ockwell-Smith, author of How to be a Calm Parent. To do this effectively, you need a good understanding of brain development and what your child is capable of doing at a specific age, Ockwell-Smith explains. She notes: ‘If they aren’t old enough to understand logic, how are they going to understand the logic between you hitting them, and their behaviour?’ You also need good boundaries, with consistent rules and limits that are reinforced fairly. Gentle discipline calls for parents to work with their children to resolve problems that underlie their difficult behaviour, rather than acting punishing out on them. Finally, being a calm parent teaches children how to resolve tricky situations with respect for others. Conversely, hitting is poor role modelling. ‘If you want your child to be calm and respectful, that’s how you have to act towards them,’ Ockwell-Smith explains. ‘Hitting confuses fear and compliance with respect. You cannot make a child respect you if they are scared of you.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Parenting coach shares simple trick to stop yelling at your kids MORE : The do’s and don’ts of co-parenting: Tips from a psychotherapist MORE : Parenting expert reveals why kids don’t want to talk about their day – and how to help them open up