Russian forces have broken a third ceasefire by attacking families trying to escape war, the Ukrainian government has claimed. Foreign ministry spokesperson Oleg Nikolenko wrote on Twitter: ‘Ceasefire violated! Russian forces are now shelling the humanitarian corridor from Zaporizhzhia to Mariupol. ‘8 trucks + 30 buses ready to deliver humanitarian aid to Mariupol and to evac civilians to Zaporizhzhia. Pressure on Russia MUST step up to make it uphold its commitments.’ A child has died of dehydration in Mariupol in a tragic sign of how desperate people have become, President Volodymyr Zelensky warned today. However, reports suggest some Ukrainians may have been able to flee safely on Tuesday. The first evacuation column from Sumy is ‘moving as planned’, the State Service of Special Communications and Information Protection of Ukraine said at 12.30pm. The route is scheduled to be open until 7pm today. People have also been seen leaving Irpin, near Kyiv via an evacuation route. The Kremlin has yet to comment on the fresh claims. It comes after attempts to evacuate civilians crumbled over the weekend amid alleged continued Russian bombing. Many people are stuck inside besieged cities that are running low on food, water and medicine. A steady rain of shells and rockets have been falling on cities including Mariupol, Kharkiv and Irpin. ‘We can’t even gather up the bodies because the shelling from heavy weapons doesn’t stop day or night’, Mayor of  Bucha, Anatol Fedoruk, said. ‘Dogs are pulling apart the bodies on the city streets. It’s a nightmare.’ Ukrainian defence minister Oleksiy Reznikov has said at least 400 civilian deaths have been recorded and 800 have been wounded – but added that the figures are ‘definitely incomplete’. The fight for Mariupol is important as its capture could allow Moscow to establish a land corridor to Crimea, which Russia seized from Ukraine in 2014. More than two million refugees have now crossed borders into neighbouring countries, the UN said today. Meanwhile, the Ukrainian President has defiantly revealed his location for a second time in 24 hours, vowing ‘we will win this war’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.