Following the news is no easy task at the moment, and quite frankly it can be a little overwhelming. Every day there seem to be more bleak updates from the war in Ukraine while closer to home there are job losses and concerns over rising energy prices. But here at Metro.co.uk, we’ve got your back. We’re on top of the unfolding situation in Ukraine, what’s happening in politics and never missing a beat. Here’s a rundown of the five biggest stories of the week, so you can keep informed. In another week of horrors to emerge from the war in Ukraine, a theatre serving as a shelter to hundreds of people was struck by a Russian missile. The shocking strike comes a week after a maternity hospital in the southern Ukrainian city was hit. News broke on Wednesday that Russia had dropped a ‘highly explosive’ bomb on a theatre in the besieged city of Mariupol. Satellite images taken before the bombing revealed the Russian word for ‘children’, emblazoned on the ground outside the theatre clearly identifying it as a shelter. The attack was quickly condemned with Ukraine’s foreign minister accusing Russia of committing ‘another horrendous war crime’. The theatre was almost completely destroyed in the strike with the unstable ruins initially hampering rescue efforts. But miraculously, and thanks in part to the theatre’s ‘relatively modern’ bomb shelter, 130 people have been rescued – although as many as 1,300 remain trapped. TL;DR: Russia bombed a theatre clearly identified as a shelter for children. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe has finally been reunited with her family back here in the UK after six years of ‘hell’ in Iran. In a tearful reunion, the British-Iranian mum was welcomed home by her husband Richard Ratcliffe and their seven-year-old daughter Gabriella on Thursday. Video footage of the long-awaited moment Nazanin was able to see her family showed the aid worker breaking down in tears as she hugged her husband and daughter. Fellow detainee Anousheh Ashouri was also released from Iran and able to return home to the UK. Nazanin and her family are understandably now spending time together, reportedly settling back into normal life by making pizzas, we hope they have a lovely first weekend back as a family. TL;DR: After six long years Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe has finally been released from Iran and is back home. On Thursday reports of started coming out of Dover that P&O Ferries had sacked its entire UK workforce, with immediate effect. The ferry company then dramatically suspended all of its services, leaving passengers stranded and causing travel chaos. It then emerged some of the 800 seafarers, that P&O Ferries had fired had been sacked over Zoom. Unions pledged to fight the move, with officials telling staff to stay on board the vessels, as sit-in protests began amid widespread chaos and outrage. In the wake of the mass firing, there have been calls for people to boycott P&O Ferries with Labour MP Rachel Maskel calling the sackings ‘the worst violation of workers rights for a generation’. TL;DR: P&O Ferries sacked its entire workforce of 800 people yesterday and caused travel chaos. In another strange and slightly terrifying story concerning Vladimir Putin, the Russian president this week launched into a bizarre rant. Speaking in a televised address from the Kremlin Putin accused the West of trying to violate and dismember Russia. He also threatened ‘scum traitors’ from within his own country who will be ‘spat out like a midge’. The venomous tone raised eyebrows as it was striking, even for Putin, who has for years been delivering bitter tirades against the West. The rant comes nearly three weeks into Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine and will do nothing to settle doubts about the president’s state of mind. TL;DR: Putin went on a strange rant and accused the West of trying to violate Russia. It’s custom to end your weekly digest of the news on a positive note and here we are in Airdrie bringing you… an alpaca sticking its head out of a car. It’s a strange sight but we’re here for it. Kirsty Shilliday was casually cruising through Airdrie, North Lanarkshire when she saw an animal poking its head out of a window. Naturally, she initially thought it was a large dog, who wouldn’t? But when the black Vauxhall Zafira stopped at a red light, she got a closer look. Turns out it wasn’t a dog, but a fluffy alpaca. TL;DR: Keep your eyes on the road folks, you never know what you’ll see. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.