A moving video shows the moment a captured Russian soldier breaks down in tears on a video call to his mother after surrendering to Ukrainians. The young man is seen drinking tea and eating a pasty as he is comforted by locals who offer him a phone so he can tell his family he is safe. The young prisoner of war blows kisses as his mother answers, and bursts into tears as soon as he sees her. A Ukrainian woman pats him on the head and says down the phone: ‘Don’t worry Natasha, he’s alive and well. You will get a call later.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live As the man is looked after by locals, a male voice off camera is heard saying in Ukrainian: ‘These young men, it’s not their fault. They don’t know why they are here. They are using old maps, they are lost.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog: Russia-Ukraine live The video has gone viral in both Ukraine and Russia, with people praising the compassion the Ukrainians showed to the man who has been ordered to invade their country. The footage emerged as the Ukrainian Ministry of Defence said Russian mothers could could come to Kyiv and collect their sons who had been taken prisoner. The ministry has provided an email address and phone numbers that can be used to find out if a soldier was ‘in captivity or had died’. Explaining the decision, one official said: ‘We Ukrainians, unlike Putin’s fascists, do not fight mothers and their captive children. We are waiting for you in Kyiv!’. Ukraine’s Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk has also asked for the International Red Cross to help repatriate the dead bodies of Russian soldiers. She said: ‘We call upon Russians again to make it so that there are fewer bodies of your sons, of your men, otherwise there will be thousands of them. I say it again, victory will be ours.’ Reports suggest that many tired and demoralised Russian forces are either fleeing battle or surrendering to Ukraine. The besieged country’s fierce resistance has been credited with stalling Moscow’s advance on capital city Kyiv. Last night, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky claimed the morale of Vladimir Putin’s Russian forces is ‘constantly deteriorating’ and that his forces have so-far killed 9,000 invaders. In a powerful address, he praised the ‘heroism’ of his people for breaking Putin’s plans to seize Kyiv and topple the democratically-elected government. ‘We are a nation that broke the enemy’s plans in a week. Plans written for years: sneaky, full of hatred for our country, our people,’ Zelensky said in a video posted across multiple social media channels. ‘Our military, our border guards, our territorial defence, even ordinary farmers capture the Russian military every day. ‘All the captives say only one thing: they do not know why they are here. Despite the fact that there are dozens of times more than them, the morale of the enemy is constantly deteriorating.’ He said Ukrainian civilians had driven Putin’s soldiers out of grocery stores as they searched for food. ‘These are not warriors of the superpower, these are confused children who were used,’ he said. UK and US officials also say Russian troops are deserting due to low morale, with troops reportedly being fed rations that are seven years out of date. Intercepted radio messages indicate soldiers are disobeying orders from Moscow to shell Ukrainian towns, and complaining about running out of food and fuel. Others showed them weeping to their commanders during battle and shooting at one another. It follows a senior Pentagon official’s comments that some Kremlin troops had ‘deliberately punched holes in their fuel tanks’ to escape the front line. Meanwhile, a text message from a Russian soldier to his mother shown to the UN apparently said: ‘Mum, I’m in Ukraine. This is a real war. I’m scared, we’re firing at everyone, even civilians.’ And last week, a platoon of Russian soldiers who surrendered claimed they weren’t aware they had been sent out to kill, according to the Ukrainian military. Despite evidence suggesting morale within the Russian ranks is low, Putin and his commanders have showed no sign they are about to give up the fight – and have instead vowed to press even harder to try and capture key objectives. Russia has claimed to have captured its first major city one week after launching the invasion. Last night, a Russian missile struck close to one of Kyiv’s main railway stations as thousands of women and children were being evacuated.  