Kanye West feels he’s being ‘gaslit’ amid his feud with Pete Davidson and called out his celebrity friends for the lack of support. Since the weekend, the Grammy-winning rapper has shared several Instagram posts criticising ex-wife Kim Kardashian’s parenting of their eight-year-old daughter North, while also taking aim at her boyfriend Pete yet again. He released a fresh set of posts on Monday accusing Kim of not allowing him to bring their four children, including Saint, six, Chicago, four, and Psalm, two, to Sunday Service. In one, he wrote: ‘My kids were not allowed to go to Sunday Service yesterday and there’s multiple times where the schedules were changed last minute Which alienated me as a parent which is illegal thank God My family has been broken My name has been dragged and dropped. ‘The boyfriend been trying to play with me since SNL skits I was called a stalker by random has beens There’s multiple attempts to gas light me SKETE called this “legally single” person my wife I am not ramped up I successfully avoided doing anything that would give them reason to put a restraining order on me.’ In another post, he said: ‘Tell me how to be the best dad when the mom is trying to s**t on you after not letting you see your kids And I love how I have no celebrity “friends” that will speak up on my behalf YALL just watching OK cool.’ Kanye, 44, has had some support from his famous pals as Chance The Rapper liked one of his recent posts, while The Game sent him several text messages backing him. Kim, 41, reacted to one of her ex-husband’s claims that he was being blocked from seeing their children, commenting: ‘Please stop with this narrative, you were just here this morning picking up the kids for school.’ Tensions between the formerly married couple escalated on Sunday when Pete’s friend Dave Sirus leaked text messages the Saturday Night Live comedian reportedly sent to Kanye, including a photo of him claiming to be in bed with Kim. Pete, 28, is also said to have invited Kanye to meet him over the weekend to discuss their differences, but Kanye refused instead insisting they have the showdown at Sunday Service. Skims boss Kim filed for divorce from Kanye in February 2021, and a judge recently declared her ‘legally single’ as their main divorce proceedings continue. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian begs Kanye West to ‘stop with this narrative’ over claims about children MORE : Pete Davidson will soon be as far away as possible from Kanye West as he’s confirmed to head to space on Blue Origin flight next week 