Kim Kardashian has offered her unique advice for women in business, urging them to ‘get your f**king ass up and work’. The reality star has been hustling hard alongside her famous family ever since they came into the spotlight, forging a successful beauty brand and founding her Skims clothing label in that time. Thanks to those businesses, her long-running KUWTK series and countless business deals, she is a proud member of the billionaire club. In a candid chat with Variety, the 41-year-old hit back at the notion that she’s just famous for being famous. ‘Who gives a f**k,’ she said of the comments. ‘We focus on the positive. We work our asses off. If that’s what you think, then sorry. ‘We just don’t have the energy for that. We don’t have to sing or dance or act; we get to live our lives – and hey, we made it. I don’t know what to tell you. ‘With all respect, and with love, I’m not, like, being a b***h.’ ‘I have the best advice for women in business,’ she added. ‘Get your f**king ass up and work. It seems like nobody wants to work these days.’ Noted… Kim’s comments come just weeks before her latest venture is set to hit our screens. The mom-of-four’s wild rise to worldwide fame was captured for the cameras as part of her reality program, Keeping Up With The Kardashians, which came to an end last year. But, proving that there is absolutely no slowing them down, the family announced their shiny new series shortly after the credits rolled on the final episode. It was later confirmed that The Kardashians would be hitting our screens on April 14 on Hulu, and dropping on Disney+ that same day. In the first trailer of their new reality series, we were given a behind-the-scenes look at some of the biggest moments that they have been through in recent months. The brief clip saw Kim make light of her failed marriages – including her divorce to Kanye West – in a quip over sister Kourtney Kardashian’s engagement to Travis Barker. Momager Kris Jenner could be seen breaking down as she celebrated her eldest daughter’s joyous news, telling the lovebirds: ‘This makes me so happy’. Discussing her reaction, the Skims star joked: ‘She’s never had a reaction like that for me and it’s happened a few times.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ludacris teases Netflix universe of cartoons representing Black girls after Karma’s World success MORE : Martin Kemp on the ‘real shame’ of Spandau Ballet falling out: ‘People choose their own paths’ 