Jade Goody has been fondly remembered on the 13th anniversary of her death from cervical cancer, with her son Bobby Brazier and widower Jack Tweed leading the tributes. Big Brother Jade died at the age of 27 on March 22, 2009, following a battle with the disease, just one month after she had tied the knot with husband Jack. Jade, who rose to fame after appearing on the 2002 series of the Channel 4 reality show, is often praised for raising awareness of cervical cancer and prompting the ‘Jade Goody effect’ – encouraging thousands of women in the UK to go for a smear test. Jack, 34, was among those paying homage to the late TV star along with fans and well-wishers who marked the day on social media. Paying tribute to his late wife in a gushing post on his Instagram Stories, Jack took the opportunity to raise awareness for cervical cancer screening and smear testing. Alongside a photograph of himself and his late wife at their wedding, he wrote: ’13 years since I last got to see this angel miss you everyday #raiseawareness #smear test.’ In another post, featuring a picture of Jade with a wide grin, he wrote: ‘Always smiling’. Meanwhile, Jade’s oldest son with ex-partner Jeff Brazier, Bobby Brazier, also shared a poignant tribute. Sharing a picture on his Instagram Stories, the 18-year-old model wrote: ‘There’s birth and there’s death but life is eternal. Energy cannot be created nor destroyed. ‘She’s left her human form. She’s home. That’s the way it goes. God bless her, my nan and my brother.’ Many of Jade’s fans also paid tribute on social media. One remembered a ‘beautiful strong and courageous woman’, while encouraging people to ‘get a smear’. They said: ’13 years ago today this beautiful strong and courageous woman lost her battle to #cervicalcancer 13 years later the numbers of women getting #smeartests as dropped dramatically. It takes a few minutes to get a smear. Get tested @_Jade_Goody#jadeslegacy#smear#cancersucks’ Another fan echoed the line about the 13 years since we lost Jade, saying that she was a ‘shining light’ and a ‘wonderful mother and daughter’. They commented: ’13 years ago today Jade Goody lost her battle with cancer A shining light a wonderful mother daughter and down to earth role model was taken from not just her family but from the many people who loved and admired her Rest In Eternal Peace Jade Always remembered.’ A third referred to remembering the ‘larger than life’ star, who ‘passed away so young’. Other celebrities also paid tribute to Jade, and to raise awareness for cervical cancer screening. Journalist Dawn Neesom wrote that she hopes Sarah Harding, who died from breast cancer in 2021, and Jade are ‘having a party up there’. She said: ‘If we all learn from the tragedy of #SarahHarding as we did with #JadeGoody their horribly early deaths will not be in vain. Hope they’re having a damn fine party wherever they are. #breastcancer #cervicalcancer’ In June, Jack also paid tribute to Jade on what would have been her 40th birthday. Sharing a snap of himself and the Big Brother star, a heart emoji and her date of birth – June 5, 1981. Jade was diagnosed with cervical cancer in 2008 after she missed an appointment to get abnormal cells removed. The cancer spread to her bowel, liver and groin and she died in 2009. Her public battle with the disease prompted hundreds of thousands of calls to Cancer Research UK and she was credited with boosting awareness of the condition. Jack has opened up about his mental health struggles since Jade’s death, that have led to alcohol and drug addictions. In March 2021, he admitted to spending £100-a-day on drugs to withstand suicidal thoughts and the ongoing grief. MORE : Khloe Kardashian is still wearing Yeezy trainers despite sister Kim’s bitter divorce from Kanye West MORE : Kim Kardashian proves pink is not just a colour, it’s an attitude as she dons fierce ensembles and brushes off Kanye West drama 