A man has been jailed after leaving a taxi driver bloodied and fearing for his life in an unprovoked attack after a Christmas party. Taliesin Evans De Almeida, 32, battered Steve Williams, 57, in December 2020. Shocking pictures show the extent of the injuries inflicted on the cabbie, who is still suffering to this day. He was left drenched in blood with a broken hearing aid, shattered glass in his eye, and now has deteriorating eyesight. Mr Williams was on shift in Ammanford, Wales, when the horror assault took place. He dropped one man off after a local do before asking the two others in the car where they wanted to go. After repeatedly asking the male passenger where they were headed, Mr Williams stopped to check a map on his phone. It was then that he was subjected to the ‘totally unexpected attack’, he said. De Almeida, of Llanelli, pleaded not guilty after being arrested and charged with grievous bodily harm. But a jury convicted him and he was given a 10-month jail term at Swansea crown court earlier this month. Mr Williams said of the attack: ‘I had blood pouring down my face and I was thinking, “if I don’t leave he’s going to kill me”, so I drove away leaving the pair of them in the middle of the road.’ And the victim — who only started driving taxis in lockdown and comes from an academic background — says the incident has left a last impression. He said: ‘My main problem has been my sleeping patterns. Since the assault I have found sleeping more difficult and I am very restless at night with more nightmares. ‘I am hoping this has been brought on mainly by the stress of the event and after sentencing this will improve, time will tell. ‘Mentally I’ve found things to be very difficult. I made the choice to continue taxi driving in order to face my anxiety and come to terms with it. ‘I always have to keep the taxi locked now whilst plying for hire so I can check out passengers. ‘I am very wary and anxious around younger men, especially late at night outside pubs and night clubs.’ Mr Williams has also suffered physically, with his eyesight and hearing still not right after the attack. ‘My eyesight is in my left eye is not perfect. It’s not far off but at certain angles there are, what I can best describe as fuzzy spots,’ he said. ‘Another problem was that my right hearing aid was damaged in the assault. A small part of the mould cracked and went into my ear canal.’ De Almeida was also given a further one-month sentence, to be served concurrently, for criminal damage. And he was also ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £156 within six months of his release. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.