Kanye West has spoken out to address the controversial music video where he is seen burying Pete Davidson alive in animation form. The N****s In Paris rapper received backlash over his Eazy music video, featuring The Game, in which he is seen as a cartoon restraining Pete with a bag over his head before burying the comedian in the ground and planting seeds around him. It comes after Kanye’s barrage of social media posts slamming the Saturday Night Live star, who is dating the rapper’s ex-wife Kim Kardashian. However, on Sunday, Kanye, 44, appeared to address the controversy for the first time and insisted he meant no ill will towards Pete, 28. He wrote in an Instagram post: ‘Art is therapy just like this view. Art is protected as freedom of speech. ‘Art inspires and simplifies the world. Art is not a proxy for any ill or harm. Any suggestion otherwise about my art is false and mal intended 🖤.’ Alongside the controversial scenes in the music video, Kanye raps: ‘God saved me from the crash, just so I can beat Pete Davidson’s ass.’ There’s no love lost between the two with Kanye seemingly unhappy that Pete is now in a relationship with Kim, who filed to divorce the rapper in February 2021. Last week, a judge granted Kim’s request to be legally deemed single. The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star has not spoken out about the music video publicly, but she did like a tweet from Suicide Squad director James Gunn which read: ‘For the record, Pete Davidson is one of the nicest, sweetest guys I know. ‘A truly generous, tender & funny spirit, he treats everyone around him with respect. In response to a follower, James later added: ‘I’ve been on set with Pete & I see how he treats all of the crew & background actors. ‘I’ve been to restaurants & see how he treats the staff. I’ve seen how he treats his longtime friends. I’ve seen how he treats fans.’ Kim and Pete struck up a romance in October following her appearance on SNL and have been going strong ever since. Meanwhile, Kanye has also moved on romantically and is currently dating model Chaney Jones. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kanye West’s new girl Chaney Jones insists she’s never had cosmetic surgery on her face amid Kim Kardashian comparisons MORE : Outlander star Sophie Skelton reveals what Sam Heughan gave her as a memento in her first season 