Australian YouTube star Lil Bo Weep, real name Winona Brooks, has died at the age of 22, her family have confirmed. The rapper died on Saturday after ‘fighting hard against her demons’ her family said in a statement. Her cause of death has not yet been confirmed. Announcing the news on his Facebook account, her father Matthew Schofield said: ’02/01/2000 to 05/03/2022. ‘This weekend we lost the fight for my daughter’s life against depression, trauma, PTSD, and drug addiction that we have been fighting since we got her back from America through emergency repatriation DFAT but broken. ‘She fought hard against her demons as we all did a side by side next to her, and picked up the broken pieces over and over again but she could not fight anymore and we lost her.’ He continued: ‘As her dad, I am proud of her beyond words as she is my hero, my daughter, and my best friend that I love so so much. She is no longer hurting now with the universe wanting their angel back. ‘A big part of me is lost at the moment but I ask respectfully that my close friends try not to ring me until I get some way through this.’ He concluded: ‘Always in my heart. I love my Winnie.’ One of the last posts she shared to Instagram was on March 2. In the video, she explained to her followers that she wanted to organise a memorial to mark one year since the death of her child. In the video, she said: ‘I’ve been crying continuously. I’m sorry. ‘Around this time last year, I lost my child, and I would like to do something in remembrance of her. ‘Preferably spread some flowers at a beach and spend the day just mourning.’ Her video concluded: ‘I’d really appreciate it if anyone in Adelaide would do that for me and with me, so please reach out.’ In the caption, she said: ‘Btw im NOT high, I am heavily dosed on seroquel to avoid any psychosis from my cptsd. not only have I been mourning my child, I have recently found out my fertility has been affected by growing up with a severe eating disorder. ‘If you so so so any sort of a ninja Cerner I recommend to really think about what you’re doing to yourself because I may never be able to have a full term pregnancy or have a child of my own due to the way I treated my body.’ Lil Bo Weep began producing music on Soundcloud in 2015, and her track Codependency achieved five million streams, while the follow up Not Ok But It’s Ok received over 12million. She also has 12,000 followers on TikTok, and 35k on Instagram. Alongside that, she achieved 36k followers on Soundcloud, 227k monthly listeners on Spotify and 124k subscribers on YouTube. MORE : Kanye West continues to choose chaos by liking racy Instagram photo of Larsa Pippen after her fall-out with Kim Kardashian MORE : Kanye West pens cryptic poem about ‘being dead’, claims men are ‘not allowed to cry’ 