From Halle Berry’s iconic Catwoman get-up to the red PVC number Britney wore in the Oops I Did It Again video, a catsuit has the power to make a look go down in history. Similar to a jumpsuit, these all-in-ones cover the legs and torso, in stretchy fabrics that sit tight against the body. Dua Lipa, Kim Kardashian, and Cardi B are all fans of one-piece outfits, and we’ve seen them on Halpern, Prada, Emilio Pucci, and Tom Ford runways over the last few seasons. Cementing the item as a trend, Rihanna has been rocking catsuits throughout her pregnancy to show off her bump – and where she goes, we follow. The unitard has long been a mainstay for performers, offering room for movement and hugging the figure without revealing more than planned. For us regular folks, though, it’s a hard piece to pull off. Because catsuits are typically worn by superheroes and A-listers, you may feel overdressed or like you’re in costume when you don one yourself. Particularly if you normally wear jeans or baggier items, you might also be daunted by the prospect of clothes that appeared to be sprayed on. When we see catsuits on stage and screen, we don’t see the behind the scenes work that goes on to create the ‘perfect’ silhouette. Padding, body tape and, in some cases, cosmetic surgery and camera trickery are all part of the celebrity stylist’s arsenal, so it’s important to remember this when you’re grappling with lycra and feeling deflated. Using the same methods is in no way required, but if you’re feeling uncomfortable and can’t beat ’em, why not join ’em? Shapewear doesn’t have to be restrictive, and a good pair of high-waisted shorts smooths out bumps and pantylines perfectly under stretchy fabric. Check out Spanx, Skims, and M&S’s Magicwear range for suitable options. Once you’re happy with the foundations, you need to choose your catsuit and build your outfit from there. There are two ways you can go when it comes to catsuits; fun and bright or sultry and slinky. The first option is best for daytime or casual events. Go for psychedelic prints and clashing colours to keep the overall aesthetic playful, layering with offbeat extras like a bowling shirt or fringed kimono. The floral Lanvin outfit Gigi Hadid recently wore to dinner in Paris is a perfect example of how to work a catsuit: keep it bold, pair with plenty of jewellery and accessories, and lean into the fun and childlike element of effectively wearing a onesie. When it comes to formal occasions, a grown up feel is needed. Take inspiration from Mugler’s iconic hyperfeminine catsuits, using mesh and cut-outs to accentuate your curves. Rather than pattern and colour, to make a catsuit stand out as a nighttime ensemble you should look for embellishments like glitter, studs, jewels, and metalwork. You can absolutely get away with trainers or chunky boots with a catsuit, although an elegant heel can elongate your body and make you feel more dressed up should you want to. Don’t yet feel quite ready to go full catsuit? Match the colours of your top and bottom half for a cohesive, monochrome look. We’ve rounded up our favourite catsuits you can buy right now, so your only worry will be if you need to use the loo while wearing it… Buy for £27 (reduced from £30) at PLT. Buy for £165 from Wild Thing. Buy for £9.99 at H&M. Buy for £75 from Dancing Leopard. Buy for £153 (reduced from £224) from Samantha Pleet. Buy for £33.99 from Asos. Buy for £140 from MyTheresa. Buy for £5 (down from £20) from Boohoo. Buy for £23.99 (reduced from £36.99) from Rebellious Fashion. Buy for £40 from Oh Polly. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Newborn lambs separated from their mothers keep cosy in handknitted jumpers MORE : Is preventative Botox really worth it?