Dolly Parton has turned down the chance to be inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame this year after receiving a nomination, saying that she doesn’t believe she has ‘earned’ the recognition. Earlier this year, the nominations for the revered music museum were announced, including the likes of Eminem, Kate Bush, Lionel Richie and Pat Benatar. Dolly was also among them, vowing to release a rock album if she were to be inducted. However, the Jolene singer has now released a statement announcing that she has pulled out of the race altogether, saying she hopes she can be considered again in the future, a move that has prompted a major outcry from her fans. In a message shared on social media, the 76-year-old music icon said: ‘Dolly here! Even though I am extremely flattered and grateful to be nominated for the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, I don’t feel that I have earned that right. ‘I really do not want votes to be split because of me, so I must respectfully bow out.’ She continued, expressing her hope that this won’t be her only shot to be inducted. ‘I do hope that the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame will understand and be willing to consider me again – if I’m ever worthy,’ she said. ‘This has, however, inspired me to put out a hopefully great rock ‘n’ roll album at some point in the future, which I have always wanted to do.’ Dolly added that her husband Carl Dean, to whom she’s been married since 1966, has always encouraged her to venture into the rock ‘n’ roll genre. ‘My husband is a total rock ‘n’ roll freak, and has always encouraged me to do one,’ she stated. ‘I wish all the nominees good luck and thank you again for the compliment. Rock on!’ Dolly’s fans rushed to react to her decision, with some sharing their support and others airing their confusion over why she doesn’t belong there along with the likes of music artists from all genres, including rock, pop and hip hop. One tweeted,  ‘As if I couldn’t love Dolly Parton any more than I already do, she does this. What an icon!!’ ‘This woman, this Goddess, should have her own category. No one compares. Thanks, Dolly,’ another stated. Several commended Dolly on how ‘humble’ she is, that she would turn down a nomination that many believe she is deserving of. ‘A very humble response from her and very classy. Yet, at the same time, other music genres are in the Rock n’ Roll Hall of Fame. She is 100% worthy of being in it. Hell, just for being a songwriter she’s worthy,’ one person stated. ‘If anyone deserves to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, it’s Dolly,’ another wrote. ‘DOLLY PARTON if anyone deserves to be in the ROCK & ROLL HALL OF FAME it’s definitely YOU and should have been years ago pleaseeee go get it girl YOU deserve it all,’ another cried. But another agreed with Dolly, writing: ‘Lot’s of replies suggesting that the R&RHOF should just be music HOF – But why? There already is a Country Music HOF. I agree with Dolly here.’ Dolly was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1999. Previous inductees into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame include Chuck Berry, Elvis Presley, Stevie Wonder, Etta James, Joni Mitchell, Madonna, Janet Jackson and Jay-Z. When this year’s nominees were announced, John Sykes, chairman of the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Foundation, said: ‘This year’s ballot recognizes a diverse group of incredible artists, each who has had a profound impact on the sound of youth culture. ‘Their music not only moved generations, but also influenced the sound of countless artists that followed.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dolly Parton dedicates 57th ACM awards to people of Ukraine in light of Russia invasion: ‘Let’s pray for peace around this crazy old world’ MORE : Dolly Parton reveals hilarious reason why she doesn’t ride rollercoasters at Dollywood 