Jurgen Klopp is confident Arsenal are ‘100% back on track’ and conceded he has been impressed by the way in which Mikel Arteta has masterminded the Gunners’ revival. Arsenal began the season with three consecutive defeats and were bottom of the table at one stage, but the club’s board refused to panic and are now reaping the rewards having remained patient and backed the 39-year-old. Sunday’s win over Leicester moved the north London club back into fourth place above Manchester United with games in hand, but an acid test of their credentials awaits on Wednesday in the shape of Klopp’s title challengers. Regardless of the result at the Emirates, Klopp is confident Arsenal will continue on an upward trajectory but admits their renaissance is bad news for the rest of the Premier League elite. ‘I see them playing now and I see they have a clear idea, a clear structure and a really good team,’ said Klopp at his pre-match press conference. ‘They have a clear idea of how they want to play football, it’s possession based and is young, full of talent full of joy. ‘If you go through the line-up they have an experienced striker up front with Lacazette then three very exciting young boys behind them, then a bit more experience in the double six and then a pretty young last line and a young really good goalie and Smith Rowe not even in. ‘On top of that other guys, it’s interesting. Other teams will not like it because it is another big name back on track 100% but that’s how it looks. ‘Mikel is doing an incredible job. We have to be ready and I sense that we will be.’ Liverpool, themselves, will be looking to capitalise on Manchester City dropping two points at Selhurst Park on Monday and can move to within a point of the champions should they notch up an eighth successive win. ‘I watched them play exactly 65 minutes but for analysis reasons only – believe it or not,’ said Klopp when asked if he watched City struggle to break down Palace. ‘I don’t often have time to watch games. Crystal Palace did really well, Man City did really well. I saw the result and I was surprised.’ ‘Does it help the mood? Why should it? We play Arsenal and we cannot count points away at Arsenal now. It’s easy for you but it’s 4 points. We have to play this game. MORE : Jurgen Klopp provides Mohamed Salah injury update ahead of Liverpool’s trip to Arsenal MORE : Ralf Rangnick reacts to Arsenal’s latest win and rates Manchester United’s Champions League hopes For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 