Cricket used to be a top down game in which everything flowed from the captain. These days the leader is just one cog in a byzantine hierarchy as Joe Root is discovering in the vacuum around him – a space that needs urgently to be filled with a new coach, team director, chairman, and possibly a new captain should Root not pass muster with at least two of those appointments. It is an extravagance of vacancies that calls to mind Oscar Wilde’s observations about losing parents: that one is misfortune but two looks like carelessness. There could be more, too, if ECB chief executive Tom Harrison decides he’s had enough, following a trying two years hit by Covid and criticism of The Hundred. Even so, English cricket seems particularly chaotic and must start untangling the mess with the appointment of a new chairman forthwith. It is a role that must straddle a certain divide. Twenty years ago, when TV money first began to pour into the game (it had been a trickle previously), cricket was criticised for being run largely by former players with no business acumen. Now, with hundreds of millions of pounds going through the books (at least at the ECB), the charge is that nobody involved understands the cricket side of things any more or has the game’s interest at heart. Both are valid criticisms and one I’d counter by appointing Andrew Strauss as ECB chairman, his credentials as a former captain with a degree in economics being impeccable. Of course Strauss is currently interim team director, a post he once filled full time but no longer wants due to a change in family circumstances following the death of his wife. Being ECB chairman would not require the same hours as his previous job so he could be swayed. Also, while he appears easily swayed by snake oil salesman peddling progress, whether with data or new formats, he still wants cricket to thrive at all levels. With Strauss in place the team director would be selected next and together they could then pick the coach. Potential candidates for the director’s role has thrown up names like Rob Key, Tom Moody and Marcus North, the last two former Aussie Test players. If they have anything in common, it is they all talk a good game. There was a time when English cricket slavishly sought Australian know-how but I’m not sure the desire has endured. Which is why I think Justin Langer, tipped by some to be the next England head coach, is unlikely to get that job. Langer was a fine, gutsy player but if the current Aussie team felt his coaching style too intense, he will not be a good fit for England, despite calls from some that they need tough love. Modern players just don’t respond to old-school rigour with its (often shouted) one-way conversations, especially when things go wrong. They demand a relationship with their coach based on mutual respect and clear, calm advice. They are high maintenance and the best coaches like Gary Kirsten, another linked with the England job, realise that and work with it, applying just the right amount of firm touch. The order of the ECB’s appointments is crucial and once all those three are in place a new captain can be chosen, or not, depending on how worthy the team director and coach regard Root’s desire to continue in the job. Following his team’s wretched defeat against West Indies in Grenada, a result that puts England firmly at the bottom of the Test Championship, Root has reinforced his commitment to continue as captain, which brought howls of criticism. But then what did the critics expect? Obdurate qualities are what make him such a fine batsmen and, it seems, an unrepentant captain. If it is decided Root is not the man to lead the Test team other candidates are thin on the ground, a legacy of England’s lack of succession planning. One is Stuart Broad, left out of the recent West Indies tour along with James Anderson. Broad, 35, has a decent cricket brain but there may be a feeling he has aired his grievances over recent selections, flawed as many were, all too readily to now suddenly be cast as leader. Ben Stokes, 30, is another possibility for Test captain and has the advantage of always being in England’s best team. But he’s fighting to rekindle former glories and the captaincy might hinder that. On the other hand it might give him that extra nudge great talents like him need to fire up the final phase of their career. But whoever is chosen, in each one of the roles, they need to inject some fun back into cricket, something lost during these dismal times of Covid. In fact, I’d say it was a priority. Shane Warne wowed the MCG during his playing days so it was entirely fitting the place yesterday bade him farewell with a memorial service the likes of which no other cricketer is ever likely to experience. Family, friends, team-mates, opponents and a galaxy of stars from music and showbiz, packed in to pay tribute to Warne, who died earlier this month. Most moving were the eulogies from Warne’s three children, Brooke, Jackson and Summer, who then opened the Shane Warne Stand. Fittingly, for such a great talent, it is the biggest stand in world cricket. For someone who brought entertainment and a sense of fun to cricket, Warney would have loved the occasion which mixed humour, pathos and some lovely anecdotes about a man determined to live every day to the max. Although his wrist-spin was pretty perfect he admitted to being a flawed human being. Tough, competitive but generous, a sporting ideal if there ever was. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 