How are the kids? Everyone asked this, heads tilted to one side in concern, when they heard about my divorce. Along with ‘I’m so sorry’ and ‘You’re so brave’, it was a platitude I had to force myself to politely ignore because, while I knew it mostly came from a good place, man, it grated. Did people honestly think I needed reminding that my children, then aged five and seven, were quite important in this exercise? And why did everyone seem to automatically assume that they were now suffering? The idea that your children, and that dreadful term; their ‘outcomes’, will be worse off when you, their parents, decide to part ways is so entrenched in our collective consciousness that it is rarely questioned; part of a groaning patriarchal narrative that Caroline Criado Perez describes in her book Invisible Women as a way of thinking that has been around so long, as to be a kind of not-thinking. Still, even though back in 2014 when we split, I felt the quiet conviction that a life between two happy parents in separate homes just around the corner was going to work out far better for my kids than the one they were currently enduring, I still went ahead and Googled myself into hysteria. No matter what age your children are, there’s a report out there that will tell you just how damaging your divorce will be on them and their outcomes (their employment, relationships, mental health, propensity to commit crimes etc.) Do it when they’re young and the kids will blame themselves. Do it when they’re teenagers and they’ll blame you. Given that so many couples wait until the children leave home to split, there is surprisingly little about what the divorce industry calls the ACODs (adult children of divorce), who it seems don’t get to blame anyone when their parents announce they’ve actually been pretending to be happy for the last 18 years. I also searched keenly for the stories and the reports that would back up what I felt was true: that my children were going to be fine. And the evidence is there – it’s just that the positives of being raised in a single parent household don’t always make the headlines… ‘Children of single mothers doing perfectly okay’ just doesn’t have the right ring to it. And yet they are doing really very well, thank you for asking. In 2018, researchers at the University of Sheffield published the conclusions of a six-year research project in conjunction with the single parent charity, Gingerbread. The study tracked almost 30,000 children in households across the UK and found that there is in fact no evidence of ‘negative impact of living in a single parent household on children’s wellbeing in terms of their self-reported life satisfaction, quality of peer relationships, or positivity about family life. Children who are living or have lived in single parent families score as highly – or higher – against each measure of wellbeing, as those who have always lived in two parent families. Researchers at Cambridge University have also explored the issue, finding that experiencing parental conflict in the home before their parents split, and/or the associated drop in income experienced by single mothers (because #patriarchy), can be a bigger problem for kids than the splitting up itself. And in Amsterdam, academics found that the children of single mothers by choice (women who choose to have children by themselves using donor sperm) are no more likely to show signs of any behavioral disorders than children raised in traditional nuclear families. Basically, there is loads of evidence that being raised by a single mother doesn’t damage children in the way everyone seems to assume it does. It just doesn’t get shouted about in the way that the damage narrative does. It’s been almost nine years now since my kids’ dad and I decided we’d be better off unmarried. Pretty much every parent will tell you how amazing their kids are if you let them, so I’m not deludedly suggesting my children are more amazing than anyone else’s. But as their mum, I know I’ve watched aspects of them grow that, I think, have developed as a result of being raised in a single parent household, or between two. They are qualities that the many single mums I met while writing Happy Single Mother also report in their own kids. From being calm and thoughtful, to creative and capable, the children of the single mums I interviewed were all doing pretty well without that other adult in their home, despite everyone else expecting them to be scoring low on the old ‘outcomes’. Of course there have been difficult times and being a single mother can be lonely, exhausting and financially tough. But I know that my two – now 13 and 15 – have had to develop plenty of emotional maturity and empathy as they’ve learned to see sometimes difficult situations between their parents from different angles. They’re collaborative at home, chipping in with the big household tasks – either because I physically need the help to move a wardrobe or take a fridge to the tip, or because without another adult around they see more clearly how the jobs pile up. Organising themselves is key; remembering books and PE kit and whatever else they need to take to their dad’s when they go and, relatedly they’re more independent, letting themselves in and cooking their own tea occasionally and generally looking after themselves in a way they might not have had to if there were two adults at home. They’ve also developed genuine resilience – that holy buzzword of child development – an ability to accept that things don’t always go to plan and to flex with the changes and challenges that living between two households inevitably brings. And mostly, I’m glad about all of this. In a world where we’re so often told our children are too cossetted and too risk-averse, or else too controlled, I know that my children have developed (through the experience of being raised in the funny little trio that is my family) a sense of their own selves and learned to trust in their own capabilities. I’m proud of that. Of course the children raised in dual-parent households can and do have these qualities in abundance too. I just hope we can reach a point one day, where we don’t assign the children or single mothers to doom and failure, or presume that the kids of married folks will automatically graduate with better ‘outcomes’. We’re all playing this game, it’s just that some of us come on the field in different formations. Happy Single Mother by Sarah Thompson is out now. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to deal with ‘singleness envy’ in a long-term relationship MORE : A divorce coach reveals the eight most common reasons married couples split up MORE : The Big Questions: Christine McGuinness on autism and parenting