Move over Kim Kardashian, there’s a new celeb-cum-lawyer in town. Somehow, Hollywood A-lister and definitely-not-super-recognisable Renee Zellweger has revealed that she used to sneak into the University of California, Los Angeles’ library in order to study law during a break from acting. Perhaps she wore a disguise? Dark glasses and a hat? Who knows? Elle Woods, eat your heart out. Speaking on NBC’s Today show, she said she had taken time off from her successful acting career to ‘grow as a person’ and ‘learn some things not related to work. The Bridget Jones star said that politics was one of her ‘favourite things’ and warned that she could ‘bore you to death’ while speaking about the subject. The Oscar-winning star went on a six-year hiatus from acting in 2010 before returning to reprise her famous role in Bridget Jones’s Baby in 2016. She added: ‘(I) went to school and just took some time out, and decided to participate in a different way. ‘I snuck into UCLA and did some public policy for a little while … international law. I’m interested in politics.’ Asked if her studies were an interim pursuit or whether she had an end goal in mind, she replied: ‘I’m not sure. ‘It’s one of my favourite things, I’ll bore you to death at a dinner party, I really will. ‘Don’t get me started. Ask any of my friends.’ Renee isn’t the first A-lister to take a foray into the world of law. Famously, business mogul and TV personality Kim Kardashian has done the same thing. In 2019, she revealed that she’d registered with the California State Bar to study law, following in the footsteps of her late father Robert Kardashian. At the time, she told Vogue: ‘I just felt like I wanted to be able to fight for people who have paid their dues to society. ‘I just felt like the system could be so different, and I wanted to fight to fix it, and if I knew more, I could do more.’ As well as her starring role in the Bridget Jones series, Renee is known for her roles in Jerry Maguire, Chicago and Judy, winning the best actress Oscar in 2020 for Judy, as well as best supporting actress in 2003 for Cold Mountain. Renee’s new role is as the killer Pam Hupp in The Thing About Pam, which premieres this week in the US. The series is based on the real-life murder of Betsy Faria, which resulted in her husband wrongfully being convicted of murder. The crime set off a chain of events in which Hupp would later be found guilty and sentenced to life in prison after also pleading guilty to the murder of a man named Louis Gumpenberger. Renee faced criticism last year after images emerged of her clad in a fat suit and prosthetics for the role. Critics condemned the actor’s decision to wear a fat suit, telling Metro.co.uk: ‘For Zellweger to masquerade as a plus-size person is damaging, fatphobic and potentially triggering to other plus-size people.’ Speaking about the costume in an interview with Vanity Fair, Renee said: ‘Oh, gosh, if you don’t recognise an actor or an actress in a performance, that’s a great compliment. You’re not trying to tell your own story.’ The actor – who famously gained 30 pounds twice in order to play the perpetually single cigarette-smoking Londoner Bridget Jones – added: ‘It was pretty much head to toe. It was prosthetics, it was a [padded] suit, it was the choice of clothing, it was the briskness in her step-step-step, her gait. ‘All of those things were really important because all those bits and pieces are what construct the person that we project our own conclusions and presumptions onto.’ MORE : Ant Anstead instructs Renee Zellweger to leave controversial fat suit ‘at work’ as he praises The Thing About Pam series MORE : Kanye West likes racy Instagram photo of Larsa Pippen after her fall-out with Kim Kardashian 