Max George has split from girlfriend Stacey Giggs after a four-year romance, it has been claimed. The Wanted singer, 33, first started dating the ex-wife of Ryan Giggs at the beginning of 2018, making their romance Instagram official in May of that year. According to reports, they have now gone their separate ways, shocking those closest to them with the break-up. ‘Pals have been stunned by this bombshell as the idea of separating was once unthinkable for Max,’ a source told The Sun. ‘He maintained he had found “The One” and that she was the person who’d convinced him he wanted to have kids. ‘He was even happy to fulfil the step-father role to her two children.’ The insider revealed that the Glad You Came singer had been enjoying his time back in the spotlight, thanks to the recent Strictly Come Dancing tour and his performances with The Wanted. ‘But there’s no getting away from the fact that they’re at different stages of life and Max was discovering the limelight again after doing the Strictly tour then performing with The Wanted again,’ they added. Max and Stacey – who shares children Libby and Zach with former footballer Ryan – have not addressed the rumours publicly. The pair started dating in 2018, following the mum-of-two’s marriage to the Manchester United star ending the previous year. They took things to the next level in 2020 when the musician moved in to his partner’s home in 2020. But chatting to Metro’s Guilty Pleasures, he insisted that he isn’t a ‘dad’ to Stacey’s children. ‘I live with them. Sometimes the kids say, “When we’re asked, we don’t always know what to say about who you are”. I’m like, “Just say Max, that’s fine”,’ he said last year. ‘I’m not a dad. I kind of blend in, I’m one of them. Stacey’s upstairs on her own and I’m down there with the kids. But it works.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Max and Stacey for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bridgerton season 2 review: Ravishing love story eventually finds its stride in swoonworthy return on Netflix MORE : Peaky Blinders: Amber Anderson spills on behind-the-scenes secrets, including eyebrow bleaching and singalongs with Sam Claflin 