Boris Johnson bemused viewers with a bizarre hand gesture while responding to a question about the UK taking in ‘the right type’ of refugees. Tory MP Sir Bill Wiggin urged the Prime Minister to let rich Qataris into the country, as he railed against people ‘in rubber boats’. Mr Johnson held his hands apart in the air while waiting for his party colleague to finish speaking – then pulled them together in a quick shimmy ending with one finger pointing at Sir Bill. The North Herefordshire MP, who recently declared a Government-paid trip to Qatar worth thousands, sparked outrage as he implied the only refugees arriving in the UK are ‘turning up in rubber boats’. Speaking at the Commons Liaison Committee, he asked: ‘Why can’t we get the right people through our immigration system instead of the wrong ones?… ‘We want Ukrainians, we want Qataris, we don’t want people in rubber boats.’ The PM appeared to agree with him, saying ‘sure’. Sir Bill, 55, called for more Qataris to come to the UK because they are ‘very wealthy people who are unlikely to stay’. The Conservative former minister visited Qatar in February 2020, at the expense of the Gulf country’s foreign ministry – to the tune to nearly £3,000, Parliamentary records show. Mr Johnson’s gesture sparked mockery on social media, with one Twitter user saying: ‘Fairly sure the Prime Minister has just responded to a question by trying to use magic or some form of curse’. Others likened the movement to that of a Jedi in Star Wars. Sir Bill was demanding to know why there was a delay in removing the need for visas for wealthy visitors from Qatar, which has faced widespread criticism for its human right record. Labour’s Andy McDonald tweeted: ‘Sweet Lord! ‘So people fleeing war, famine, and torture who seek sanctuary by sea in rubber boats are by definition the “wrong sort of immigrant”? What goes on in your head Bill? Or does your mouth just function independently without connection?’ The committee had been discussing moves to help Ukrainian refugees fleeing their war-torn homeland. The PM claimed the Borders Bill, which will criminalise refugees crossing the Channel, would help stop ‘the cruel trading in people’. It comes as the Home Office announced that 2,700 Ukrainians have been offered visas under the Homes For Ukraine scheme – while some 28,300 are still waiting. Some 200,000 Brits have volunteered to offer their homes to Ukrainians. In total, the UK has granted visas to 25,500 people from the country amid the war with Russia. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Convoy of London cabbies drive to Ukraine border to help get refugees to safety