It’s nearly St Patrick’s Day – so it’s time to don your green garments. If you’re stuck in London unable to celebrate in Ireland, fear not, because there’s plenty to do. From traditional Irish dance classes and live music to comedy (or a heavy night on the town), there are so many ways to mark the occasion. These are some of our top picks taking place either on the day itself, March 17, or across the weekend. Get booking, because most of these will be packed. Tickets can be booked here. Taking over the Bike Shed in Shoreditch, Jameson’s will be providing comedy, drinks, live music, and more – with each room in the venue offering something different. Tickets can be booked here. Funny Feckers: Return of the Craic will take place at The Bill Murray in Angel, featuring a mix of Irish comics. The first date on March 17 is sold out, but the second go on Sunday still has availability. Tickets can be booked here. Not feeling a boozy night? No problem. Take part in a huge run, meeting at Hyde Park – you could even dress in green. Afterwards, those ready to socialise can head to an Irish bar to watch the Six Nations game. Tickets can be booked here. Learn how to move with this traditional Irish style of dancing to cheery music. At only £5, it’s an active way to spend your Paddy’s Day – all you have to do is get to South London. Tickets can be booked here. Dine on traditional Irish grub – from soda bread to porter pudding – while watching Irish talent perform in a Paddy’s Day special performance. Near Charing Cross, it’s an easy meeting spot for most Londoners. Tables can be booked here. Irish beers and whiskey won’t be in short supply here, so make this your watering hole for a boozy night. Though totally free, you might want to book a table. Tickets can be booked here. Those on the edge of North London will want to head to Trent Park, where the Country Club will have Irish acts performing, and a DJ later in the night. Tickets can be booked here. Formerly known as The Dubliners, this band will play all their classics along with ballads over in Kensington. Tickets can be booked here. Get to Forest Hill for a fun bingo night, hosted by a famous drag act – and of course, it’s Paddy’s Day themed. Tickets can be booked here. The Irish folk band Kíla will do a show – that may or may not feature special guests… you’ll have to go to find out. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : St Patrick’s Day 2022: Date, origins, and how it’s usually celebrated MORE : Drunk Irishman ‘broke into Romanian Parliamentary Palace thinking it was hotel’ MORE : Where to eat, drink and party in London this week from Coqbull to Roundhouse