Strictly Come Dancing have revealed which professionals will be returning to the dance floor after Aljaž Škorjanec and Oti Mabuse recently confirmed their exit. It was revealed that Aljaž wouldn’t be returning to the annual BBC show in a statement on Monday, while Oti announced her departure last month after seven years and two consecutive wins. However, it has been confirmed that show regulars Dianne Buswell, Nadiya Bychkova, Graziano Di Prima, Amy Dowden, Karen Hauer, Katya Jones, Neil Jones, Nikita Kuzmin, Gorka Marquez, Giovanni Pernice, Johannes Radebe, Kai Widdrington, Luba Mushtuk, and Nancy Xu will be coming back. While fans will be introduced to newbies Cameron Lombard and Jowita Przystal  – who both made their debut in 2021. ‘Welcome back our incredible #Strictly pros! We can’t wait to see what they bring to the ballroom in 2022.’ Following Aljaž’s exit, it was claimed that ‘not many people will miss him’ following reports of behind-the-scenes drama. A representative for Aljaz has firmly denied the allegations, telling Metro.co.uk: ‘Aljaz has the utmost respect for everyone working on the show and it is untrue to say he acted in an aggressive manner at any time.’ The Slovenian dancer won the show in his debut year, 2013, alongside model Abbey Clancy. He is married to It Takes Two presenter Janette Manrara and his departure comes less than a year after she stepped down from the show to become the co-host of spin-off It Takes Two. In a statement, he said: ‘A little while ago I made the tough decision that Strictly 2021 would be my last. The show has given me an opportunity and freedom to create and express myself in front of millions of people every weekend for the last 9 years. ‘The love and support I got from the team of producers was second to none. Louise Rainbow, Sarah James, Kim Winston, Jack Gledhill are just a few of the unsung heroes behind the success of the show – I am forever grateful to them! Alongside a series of photos from his time on Strictly, Aljaz teased what the future holds for him. ‘I have lots of exciting stuff planned that I will fill you in on soon. I can’t wait to see what the future holds!’ Strictly Come Dancing will return later this year on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Strictly’s Oti Mabuse ‘set to be replaced by Jowita Pryzstal’ as dancer exits show after 7 years MORE : Strictly Come Dancing 2022 faces scheduling chaos over World Cup clashes 