The biggest and most competitive Indian Premier League in history starts this weekend, with two new teams joining the list of contenders to become IPL champions. Ten teams will play 74 matches in total in a demanding tournament that runs from the curtain-raiser on March 26 to the final on May 29. The recent IPL expansion has seen the addition of two franchises – Lucknow Super Giants and Gujarat Titans – but four-time winners and defending champions Chennai Super Kings are currently at the top of the throne. Mumbai Indians, Delhi Capitals, Kolkata Knight Riders, Punjab Kings, Rajasthan Royals, Royal Challengers Bangalore and Sunrisers Hyderabad complete the runners and riders for the 15th edition of the biggest tournament in world cricket. While the previous Indian Premier League saw the eight teams placed in one single group and the top four sides progressing to the knockout stages, this year the ten teams are divided into two groups of five, with the best two teams from each group advancing. But who are expected to compete for the title and who look set to fall by the wayside? Metro.co.uk looks at the best and worst-looking squads and the players who could take the 2022 Indian Premier League by storm… WINNER – Mumbai Indians With two new teams competing for the first time and bio-bubbles still in place, this could be the most volatile and unpredictable IPL to date, but Mumbai Indians rarely let their fans down and can claim a record-extending sixth title. Head coach Mahela Jayawardene and captain Rohit Sharma are serial winners and big runs shouldn’t be an issue with Suryakumar Yadav, Ishan Kishan, Tim David, Kieron Pollard and Fabian Allen in the squad. Mumbai have arguably the best white-ball pace bowler on the planet in Jasprit Bumrah (England’s Jofra Archer will, injury permitting, link up with the squad next season) while Tymal Mills and Riley Meredith look to be shrewd signings. Defending champions Chennai Super Kings, looking to join Mumbai on five IPL wins, cannot be discounted but it could be one tournament too far for MS Dhoni and his squad. Delhi Capitals, led by Australia legend Ricky Ponting, have also been going well in recent years – reaching the final in 2020 and the play-offs in 2019 and 2021 – and a captaincy partnership of Rishabh Pant and David Warner promises to be exciting if nothing else. WORST TEAM – Sunrisers Hyderabad Sunrisers Hyderabad finished bottom last season and their task ahead of the 2022 tournament got that bit harder when superstar spinner Rashid Khan left the franchise. The squad is talented but Hyderabad will likely rely on Kane Williamson, Nicholas Pooran and Bhuvneshwar Kumar as they look to compete and make the knockout stages. The franchise underwhelmed at the IPL auction and as a result appear to have one of the worst squads. Head coach Trevor Bayliss, who won the World Cup with England, certainly has his work cut out. One of the new teams – Lucknow Super Giants – could also struggle despite bringing in world-class India opener KL Rahul as captain and signing the likes of Marcus Stoinis, Jason Holder and Quinton de Kock. Andy Flower, another former England coach, will hope to prove us wrong. TOP RUN-SCORER – Shreyas Iyer Shreyas Iyer is pure class and looks in brilliant form, having scored three successive fifties in the recent ODI series win over Sri Lanka and more than 150 runs in the subsequent Test match in Bengalru. The 27-year-old has scored 16 half-centuries in 87 IPL innings but could now be entering his peak and can churn out the runs for his new franchise Kolkata Knight Riders, having also been named captain. KKR, coached by former New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum, are one of only three teams to win multiple Indian Premier League titles and reached the final last season. Jos Buttler, surely benefitting from his Test exile, could also enjoy another productive campaign with Rajasthan Royals, who have badly struggled since the late Shane Warne led them to glory in the inaugural IPL in 2008, finishing either bottom or second from bottom three years in a row. LEADING WICKET-TAKER – Rashid Khan Arguably the best white-ball spinner in the world and a more than handy pinch-hitter, Rashid Khan was one of the most attractive propositions at the IPL auction following his departure from Hyderabad. New franchise Gujarat Titans secured his signature in a stunning deal worth £5.1m – and that should be money well spent given his performances in T20 competitions around the world. The Afghanistan sensation has taken at least 17 wickets in each of the last five IPLs and only five bowlers were more successful last season. Gujarat Titans will need Rashid to deliver ahead of a daunting first IPL campaign but will at least be able to call upon other international stars Hardik Pandya, Shubman Gill and Lockie Ferguson. BREAKOUT STAR – Wanindu Hasaranga It is easy to see why three teams were involved in a bidding war for Sri Lanka all-rounder Wanindu Hasaranga at the IPL mega auction. A player who bowls quality leg-spin and smashes it miles seems custom-made for the IPL and it would not be a surprise if the 24-year-old established himself as one of the stars of the tournament over the next few years. Hasaranga averages less than 14 with the ball in T20 internationals, while he has gone at an economy rate of just 6.4 in his 35 matches to date. He produced an eye-catching performance in Sri Lanka’s T20 World Cup defeat to England in November, taking 3/21 before smashing 34 off 21 balls. After being signed for more than £1m, Hasaranga will hope to help three-time finalists Royal Challengers Bangalore finally end their wait for an IPL title alongside the likes of Virat Kohli, Faf du Plessis, Glenn Maxwell and Josh Hazlewood. Another team looking to make more of an impact in the IPL is Punjab Kings, who have largely struggled despite their run to the final in 2014, finishing in the bottom half in 11 of their 14 appearances. Fans of English domestic cricket will know about Benny Howell’s talent and the Gloucestershire man could emerge as a surprise star for Punjab after being signed for £40,000. His T20 numbers are impressive and the slow, gripping pitches will suit his game. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 