Much as we may try to rein it in, sometimes we overindulge – that’s just life. If you’ve ever gone a little too hard at the bar, you’ll know it doesn’t make the thought of exercising the morning after any more appealing. But if you really don’t want to lose a day of training, there are still things you can  do to make sure you have a healthy and effective workout. If you’re looking to keep your fitness streak going, hangover or no hangover, then we’ve got tips from two personal trainers to help you on your way. First of all, it’s best to take it easy on your body after a heavy night, shunning heavy weights and big workouts. Suzy Quinn of the PureGym Birmingham Arcadian Centre says: ‘Gentle cardio such as walking, swimming, or even yoga, are great examples of ways to get movement without pushing yourself too hard. ‘If you prefer to hit the weights, stick with a light full-body workout.’ Emma Ford, from a PureGym in Aylesbury, adds that we should ‘avoid anything too intense such as HIIT or cross-fit –  your body won’t have the energy or correct nutrition to endure that’. Emma’s top tip is to make sure you’ve had plenty of water, sleep and a good meal before you venture to the gym. ‘That means healthy fats, carbs, and protein,’ she adds. ‘We lose electrolytes when drinking, which is one of the reasons we get so dehydrated. ‘Adding electrolyte tablets to water can help to replenish lost electrolytes and hydrate yourself quicker.’ If you feel nauseous, dehydrated or even still drunk, it’s better to skip it for the day. Equally, if you start your workout, and it makes you feel gross, then don’t feel like you have to push through it. ‘If you feel overly tired, fatigued, dizzy, or nauseous,’ says Suzy, ‘then it’s best to give training a miss. ‘Exercising with a wobbly stomach could just make you sick and if you’re tired, you won’t have the level of concentration required for a training session. ‘Your body won’t be able to react as fast, and you could risk seriously injuring yourself if you’re using machines or weights when you’re feeling weaker, dizzy, or less alert.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Long Covid and exercise: Will I ever get back to full fitness? MORE : What is the 12-3-30 fitness trend on TikTok and does it work? MORE : These fun fitness alternatives will help get teen girls active