Game Of Thrones star John Stahl, who played Rickard Karstark in the HBO series, has died at the age of 68. The actor’s death was confirmed by his agent, who described him as ‘an actor of remarkable skill and a stalwart of Scottish theatre’. ‘He died on the Isle of Lewis on March 2nd 2022 and is survived by his wife, Jane Paton,’ the statement read. As well as his role on the epic fantasy series, for which he appeared in five episodes, Stahl was also best-known for his performance as Tom ‘Inverdarroch’ Kerr in soap opera High Road, in which he appeared as a series regular between 1982 and 2003. Born in Scotland in 1953, the actor appeared in several films throughout his career, including Victoria & Abdul and Mary Queen of Scots. He boasted acting credits in TV series such as Holby City, Being Human and Midsomer Murders, making his screen debut in 1976. He also appeared in numerous theatre productions during his career, including performances at The Royal Shakespeare Company and The National Theatre. Stahl’s Take The High road co-star Derek Lord paid tribute to Stahl, recalling their time on set together as he wrote: ‘Sorry to hear my old High Road colleague John Stahl has passed. ‘I remember him being upset when some idiot in production decided to drop his character’s name Inverdarroch and use Tom Kerr instead. ‘He’ll always be Inverdarroch to me, the only man to best Sneddon in a fair fight.’ Scottish screenwriter Peter May also remembered the actor, sharing how he had recently attended his online wedding. ‘Terribly sad to hear that my old friend, John Stahl, has passed. I wrote so many scenes for the character of Inverdarroch that he portrayed in Take The High Road,’ he said. ‘Only recently attended his online wedding. Saw him last in Adelaide Australia for a fun reunion. RIP John.’ Rachel Ogilvy, who worked with Stahl on High Road, penned a message that read: ‘I’m so sorry to hear John Stahl has passed away. I worked with him on High Road many years ago, he was kind, generous funny and a terrific actor. ‘He will be greatly missed, my thoughts are with his family.’ The National Theatre for Scotland wrote that they were ‘deeply saddened’ to hear of Stahl’s death, stating: ‘We were fortunate to work with John on Mary Stuart and The James Plays. His passing is a huge loss to the industry, and he will be sorely missed. ‘Our thoughts are with his loved ones.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Game of Thrones star John Bradley urges fans to ‘re-evaluate’ panned finale now ‘the wounds have healed’ MORE : Hugh Jackman ‘grateful to have known’ cricket legend and friend Shane Warne in tribute following star’s sudden death age 52