Danny Murphy has urged Manchester United to sell two players this summer for the ‘good of the team’. The Red Devils will look to rebuild at the end of the season after another frustrating campaign. United struggled under former manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and have continued to flatter to deceive since Ralf Rangnick’s arrival at the end of November. Manchester United face an uphill battle to qualify for next season’s Champions League, sitting fifth in the Premier League – four points behind Arsenal – with nine league matches remaining. Last week, Rangnick’s side were dumped out of the Champions League by Spanish champions Atletico Madrid and Murphy says it is time to start thinking about the future. The former England midfielder believes ‘radical change’ is needed at Old Trafford and has urged the Premier League giants to move on Cristiano Ronaldo and Paul Pogba. Ronaldo, a five-time Ballon d’Or winner, has scored 18 goals in 31 appearances since returning to Manchester United last summer but Murphy nevertheless believes he is holding the Red Devils back. Pogba, meanwhile, has blown hot and cold during his second spell at United and looks set to leave at the end of the season as talks over a new contract have stalled. ‘Something radical needs to change at Manchester United even if it means important players like Cristiano Ronaldo being sold,’ Murphy told the Daily Mail. ‘You have to be careful dealing with superstars on big contracts, it’s better to find other takers before you fall out with them. ‘But the bigger picture is that United have gone five years without a trophy and need to back a top manager who is there for the long haul, whether it be Thomas Tuchel, Mauricio Pochettino or someone else. ‘Those guys will want to do things their own way and a clear-out makes sense, headed by Paul Pogba and Ronaldo.  ‘You can’t question Ronaldo’s quality but he’s 37 and, despite his goals, United don’t have balance as a team. ‘They rely on Ronaldo’s individual brilliance, which can work in some games, like Tottenham last Saturday, but doesn’t against the best teams in the Premier League and Champions League. ‘Manchester City and Liverpool have pushed the bar so high, United need both world-class ability and incredible physical output to compete and the latter isn’t in Ronaldo’s game any more. ‘For former glories to return to Old Trafford, United’s players need to press and compete for 60 matches a season in addition to the ability they possess. I can’t see Ronaldo being part of that.’ Murphy added: ‘Selling Ronaldo will be difficult for United fans. He’s a hero and rightly so but that doesn’t alter the fact it needs to happen for the future good of the team. ‘It might be different if Ronaldo had the personality to accept he can’t play every week, but that wouldn’t happen. He’s never played second fiddle. ‘If the new manager wants Harry Kane, I’m not sure Ronaldo would want a supporting role. Already he’s eaten into the game time of younger players. ‘His presence was meant to improve Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford but if anything their form has suffered. ‘Ronaldo is an all-time great but he isn’t the solution to United’s problems. They need a world-class manager and let him build, even it means letting go of a legend.’ Following the international break, Manchester United return to action on April 2 with a must-win clash with Leicester City. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 