Oti Mabuse has shared her heartbreak after her beloved niece Tlhogi’s death at the age of 28. The Dancing On Ice judge, 31, took to Instagram to share a series of photos of her with Tlhogi, including the pair of them smiling together as Oti wrapped her in a warm embrace, as well as her niece out for a meal with the family. She wrote: ‘How is this the last time I would hold you in my arms. I am so shattered inside I can’t even begin to describe the pain. ‘This is not how this was supposed to go. We had plans together, travel the world and dance on a beach in Jamaica for my birthday.’ Reminiscing on growing up together, Oti added: ‘I used to fetch you everyday from crèche, swimming, chess since we were 8. You were only 28 yet the kindest, sweetest human being in my life! ‘I’ve lost my niece, my little sister, my best friend. Life dealt you the harshest card but you always chose to win, you always fought to come out the other side above it all with a smile on your face. ‘I love you much with all my heart and now you’re gone and I feel lost in more ways than one to a pain I’ve never felt before. I’m still calling you and texting you trying to understand – how? Why’ She concluded her post by writing: ‘May you rest in peace and power my sweet Tlhogi. Say hi to Koko, Abuti Neo Le Malume Tshepo. I promise to take care of Sesi, Nanikie and Mpho for you x.’ The former Strictly Come Dancing professional was inundated with condolences from fans, who wrote: ‘Thinking of you at this sad time’ and ‘beautiful words! Sorry for your loss x.’ Others added: ‘Such sad news, we are thinking of you and sending our love’ and ‘So very young, rest peacefully sweet girl.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Oti Mabuse praises ‘determined’ mum for creating dance school to give her the opportunity to dance: ‘She fought for us and taught us to fight for ourselves’ MORE : Strictly Come Dancing’s Motsi Mabuse horrified over racial abuse towards Black people at Ukraine border: ‘Don’t forget them’ 