A British war veteran on a crowdfunded aid mission to Ukraine has evacuated a lion and wolf by driving the zoo animals out of the country in the back of a minibus. Tim Locks and two companions undertook a four-day mission to save the creatures from their enclosures 20km from the frontline with Russian forces in the south east of the country. A crane was used to lift the animals into the van during a three-hour removal operation that involved the team taking a 1,200-mile round trip across the war-ravaged nation. Air raid sirens rang out as they left the zoo and drove westwards to Romania, where they safely delivered their living cargo. Tim, an Iraq veteran, was in Lviv, western Ukraine, on a mission to deliver aid to as many people as possible when he heard of the plight of the lion and wolf from a conservationist he met in a hotel. The team took the dimensions of the cages and worked out how the animals would fit inside the long wheelbase Ford Transit van. Stocking up on aid, including toiletries, nappies and baby formula, they headed to Zaporizhzhia Oblast, where the closed zoo is located. Driving around the clock and taking it in shifts behind the wheel, they ran a gamut of Ukrainian checkpoints on the 600-mile journey eastwards before arriving at the former visitor attraction on Saturday. The lion, Simba, was already caged, while a vet sedated the wolf, Akela, before she was placed in another container. The crane and a JCB digger were then used to load the animals into the back of the van. Tim, 45, told Metro.co.uk: ‘It took three hours as the crane driver and digger driver didn’t speak a word of English, and we don’t speak Ukrainian, so there was an interpreter who translated everything. ‘We managed to get them in with literally probably 20mm spare on the top and 50mm spare on the back. ‘Once we’d put all our kit in the back of the bus there was no room left. ‘As we left the city we were given a police escort, the air raid sirens were going and we only had 35 minutes before the curfew started. ‘We kept reminding each other that we’d got a lion and a wolf in the back of the van as we were driving and looking back to see there they were, just over our shoulders.’ Driving amid heavy Russian bombardment of Ukrainian cities, they declared their cargo as ‘a lion and a wolf’ at checkpoints. ‘One guard told us there was a war on and it was no time to joke around,’ Tim said. ‘I took him to the side of the van, opened the door, and showed him this proper big lion, like Aslan out Narnia.’ The team had to drop their interpreter off in Ukraine, due to martial law preventing men from leaving the country, before crossing the border. On the Romanian side of the frontier, the trio met a vet who spent two hours completing paperwork before they travelled on to the zoo in the north-eastern city of Radauti. Police helped them to drive non-stop through three regions, with each local force giving them a blue-lighted escort as the trio clocked up hundreds more road miles. Arriving early on Sunday, they used a forklift and the help of 20 Romanians in a tricky operation to lift the animals into place at their new home. ‘No one thought we would pull it off,’ Tim said. ‘But we managed to get the lion in and he was happy. ‘We carried the wolf out in one go and got the cage away and got the door shut and it was tea and biscuits all round, with everybody asking how we managed to do it. It was quite a nice little zoo with tigers and bears and we stayed for a couple of hours.’ The team is heading back to Ukraine today as Russian forces continue their brutal invasion, which began 26 days ago. ‘We are heading back to Ukraine but red tape is making it difficult to move animals and aid across the border,’ Tim said. ‘We are hoping they remember us at the border crossing where we entered the country, as we had a lion and wolf with us. If we could tie up with a figure of authority that would make this far easier.’ Tim, who lives in the south of England, has previous experience in a conflict zone through fighting ISIS in Iraq with Kurdish Peshmerga forces. His background also includes a 20-year career in the UK security industry, which has involved working as a nightclub bouncer. On Facebook, the animal rescuer kept his followers updated on the mission, describing himself as ‘shattered’ after spending days on the road before arriving at the Ukrainian zoo. ‘Everyone needs evacuating and there are plenty of teams looking after people,’ he wrote. ‘Strangely, no one else wanted to do this, so this is what we do.’ Tim’s aid mission is backed by a JustGiving page, which can be viewed here. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.