If you’re sitting around thinking gloomily about the impending devastation of the planet, then look lively, because these upcoming events mean you can start getting involved. There’s an initiative to keep the school run green, a massive litter-picking operation and a fleet of schemes aiming to push the country closer to a zero-carbon future. Time to get off the sofa, and get involved. Last year more schools than ever took part in the UK’s biggest inter-school walking, wheeling, scooting and cycling competition. The initiative to highlight the benefits of an active school run — from reducing children’s obesity rates to furthering environmental education — stopped 3,000kg of nitrogen oxide from polluting the Earth’s atmosphere. That’s a third of the weight of a T-Rex! (#parentfact). The event, which runs until April 1 and was formerly known as the Sustrans Big Pedal, helps to reduce pollution around the school gates. And in 2019 it also helped parents save an estimated £1.6 million in petrol costs over the fortnight. Find out more with Big Walk and Wheel. Litter picking boring? Not on your nelly. Back for its seventh year, Keep Britain Tidy’s nationwide clean-up campaign (running until April 10) isn’t all about high-vis jackets, litter pickers and rubber gloves — there are wackier ways to get involved too. Why not try some ‘trash fishing’? Or go garbage grabbing on a canoe or paddleboard? Hundreds of local authorities have already signed up to take part in the #BigBagChallenge, with people across the country pledging to fill more than 200,000 bags. Tag your hard (and hopefully fun) work with #LitterHeroes. Find out more with Keep Britain Tidy. Eco geniuses at The Centre for Alternative Technology (CAT) in Powys, Wales, are on a mission to deliver a zero-carbon Britain, lobbying the government, training students in all things climate and advising householders on sustainability. Revved up for Earth Day next month? Turn that inspiration into action by getting involved in CAT’s spring programme, covering all aspects of sustainable living with hands-on one-day workshops and family-friendly nature-led activities. Make furniture from palettes, get a beginner’s guide to the compost toilet, take a walk in the woods with moth traps and bat detectors, or take an introduction in beekeeping. Find out more with CAT. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How this designer created plant pots that water themselves MORE : Chris Packham shares his top tips for making sustainable changes at home