William Cuthbert had long known he was meant to be a boy. When the 30-year-old was born, his gender was assigned as female – and at first, he never outwardly questioned his gender to those around him. William was femme acting and dressing, going through life no differently to most other young girls his age. But buried within his childhood diaries, William was able to speak more freely about his innermost feelings, with several of his entries featuring the wistful expression: ‘I wish I were a boy’. After growing up, getting married and even having a child, William only really confronted how he felt about his gender identity during the numerous coronavirus lockdowns of 2020, with the government-imposed isolations allowing him to really think without having to conform to societal expectations. ‘Initially, I thought I was non-binary, but then I kept having these thoughts that I may be trans,’ he explains. ‘It was actually my husband that realised it before I did. He sent me a piece written by a trans comic book writer who was having top surgery, and that sparked an idea that this is something I want for myself. ‘Looking back, it was glaringly obvious that I’m trans.’ It’s widely accepted that lockdown allowed for soul searching, with the sudden, shuddering halt to life as we used to know it seeing people of all ages explore and reassess their identities – including their gender identity. It was reported that the number of children looking seeking gender-identity treatment on the NHS has risen by more than a fifth since the Covid-19 lockdowns, with the most recent figures from the show that about 5,500 children are on the waiting list for treatment at the Tavistock and Portman NHS Foundation Trust’s gender identity development service (GIDS). Naturally, the statistics were a dog whistle to the so-called ‘gender critical’, who were quick to label the news using unhelpful and fundamentally dangerous rhetoric. But the reality is that the waiting list for young people seeking gender identity treatment has grown year on year, in part due to delays in the current system. The ongoing legal battle of Bell v Tavistock, which hinged on the question whether under 18s with gender dysphoria should legally be prescribed puberty blockers, also delayed treatment. ‘The rise in children and young people seeking treatment is not a direct consequence of Covid, or of any other specific phenomenon,’ a spokesperson from the charity Gendered Intelligence tells Metro.co.uk. ‘As noted in the recent Cass Review interim report, the current system is unable to keep up with referrals. Furthermore, new referrals to endocrinology services were paused from the Bell v Tavistock judgment in December 2020 to the subsequent successful appeal in September 2021. ‘During this period young people were still seeking support but onwards referrals for treatment were not made – and so the waiting list increased further. ‘That said, [lockdown] providing space for people to find themselves may be one of the few silver linings to come from this stressful period.’ Having time out from the everyday grind fostered the ideal conditions for some children to be given the opportunity to explore and be themselves, says Lui Asquith, Director of Legal and Policy at the transgender and gender-variant charity Mermaids. ‘From what we heard, lockdown gave some young people the opportunity away from societal pressures at school to come out at home,’ they say. ‘Some, in certain circumstances, had the time to understand themselves more and perhaps gain that courage to come out, particularly if they have a loving, supportive home. ‘For those who have support at home, it was very much a period of positivity.’ This was certainly the case for William, who has continued to be accepted and loved by his husband and child after he came out as transgender. ‘Being in lockdown largely meant getting away from being put in social situations constantly where you feel like you have to portray who you are in a certain way,’ he says. ‘You get so into playing this part for yourself that you’ve fabricated for years, and lockdown just stripped that away. ‘I was lucky to be in a situation where I was living with people I was comfortable with. I felt safe to talk about it with my husband. ‘Lockdown was ground-breaking for me. It brought all this stuff to the surface because there was no noise blocking it out.’ William also points to a greater awareness of what it means to be trans is what helped him understand and rationalise his gender identity. More recent years have seen prominent figures such as Caitlyn Jenner, Laverne Cox and Elliot Page all speak openly about being trans, providing a source of strength and comfort for people who may be struggling with their own gender identity. Having grown up under Section 28, a policy implemented by Margaret Thatcher in 1988 to prevent any discussion of LGBTQ+ matters in schools or any local authority – and was only repealed in 2003 – William had few adult role models that he could look up to or consult. ‘When I was growing up, I didn’t even know trans men were a thing,’ he says. ‘You rarely saw trans people on TV, but when you did, it was trans women. I just didn’t think becoming a boy was even an option for me.’ An increased awareness may have helped those who were previously uncertain about their gender identities reaffirm or explore how they identify themselves, psychologist and psychotherapist Ray Freeman explains. ‘At the end of our phone, we can basically have access to pretty much all the knowledge known to a person, so we can make better choices and be more informed,’ he explains. ‘Having that knowledge can open up opportunities for people.’ For Asquith, having prominent trans figures, and access to wider conversations about trans lives, can serve to empower people of all ages. ‘There’s a growing public conversation around the trans existence that young people will be looking on to, and those who are trans will have a growing catalogue of people who can be idols and role models,’ they explain. ‘Access to lived experience, access to stories and seeing trans people on screen has been a huge source of comfort.’ But it’s important to remember that lockdown was not smooth sailing for many. One in five people experienced some form of depression in early 2020, with young people and women thought to be worst affected. Many children may have felt particularly uneasy being forced to stay indoors with parents who did not understand, or would be unwilling to support, a child exploring their gender identity. There were also fears about returning to ‘the old normal’, with a study by Anxiety UK finding 56% of people worried about having to socialise again. This may have had an impact on some children returning to environments where they are addressed as a gender they no longer prescribe to, resulting in an unnecessary distress. William has noticed this with his own child. ‘I have a four-year-old who is in nursery school who has occasionally come to me and their dad, and said, “I’m a boy,”’ he explains. ‘And then after nursery, my child comes back and says, “My teachers say I’m a girl.” ‘Lockdown stopped some people being around those who weren’t going to support you if you’re trans, or just exploring your identity in general.’ It is important to note that not every child seeking treatment at Tavistock may be looking to transition entirely. Some may need some emotional support while they try and figure out how they are feeling, aided by the support of a qualified professional. ‘The NHS is so overstretched to provide adequate mental health services to people,’ Freeman says. ‘There aren’t enough mental health services to support people. It’s simply not funded enough.’ Asquith agrees that statistics do not provide the vital nuance needed to explore such a delicate issue, with discussion often just disintegrating to unhelpful discussions about genitalia. ‘The pandemic has shown us how important community is,’ they say. ‘Some young people just don’t have a family structure around them. ‘Some of the young people that are on the waiting list might just need emotional support, but that’s emotional support that was needed three years ago by the time they get there. They’re often just left on that waiting list with no end in sight. ‘Trans people don’t always require medical intervention. This isn’t about people “making a decision”, this is about people being able to access the support so they can be confident in themselves, and that’s a very different thing.’ It can be a difficult topic to navigate, particularly when children, who can gain an awareness of gender dysphoria at an age as young as three, may not have the cognitive framework to adequately express themselves – prompting fears that their gender identity journey is ‘just a phase’ or that a child could ‘regret’ transitioning. Beyond referrals and wait times, it is an extremely lengthy process for a young person to transition. As well as numerous experts in gender identity psychology and medicine, a detailed assessment is carried out, with up to six appointments over several months. Even after this is complete, most treatment offered at this stage tend to be psychological, unless the child shows lasting signs of gender dysphoria. Asquith explains that medical gender reassignment treatment is not available to children before they hit puberty. ‘Research shows that if gender dysphoria persists in adolescence, young people are far less likely to “desist,”’ they say. Despite some narratives to the contrary, the ‘regret’ or ‘detransition’ rate is extremely small. In a survey conducted on 3398 attendees of a UK gender identity clinic, it was found just 16 people expressed transition-related regret – a rate of 0.47% – and even fewer went on to actually detransition. ‘It’s about being sure that explorative space is individual led without expectation,’ Asquith says. ‘Every kid is their own person, and it’s about allowing that young person in their own time to come to their own recognition about themselves.’ If a child ever expresses a desire to explore their gender identity, it’s vital that those around them offer love and care. Transgender individuals face ignorance, discrimination, violence and anti-trans legislation, which can all contribute to poor mental health. Research indicates that transgender people are four times more likely than their cisgender counterparts to develop a mental health condition, while a worrying statistic found 34% of trans adults had attempted suicide at least once, with 14% of trans adults trying more than twice. ‘We need to respect a young person’s agency,’ says Asquith. ‘We need to offer care and support. It’s about making it clear to the young person that no matter what happens, they will be loved. ‘We need to work with young people, showing we care and without any expectation put upon them.’ Freeman adds that it is essential that the primary caregiver accepts what a child is telling you. ‘If you’re not supportive, you’ll set up a conflict,’ he says. ‘The worst thing you could do is make your child think they haven’t got a safe haven, as that could really deteriorate their mental health. ‘You must be supportive, as the alternative is to lose your child in a place where they have no hope. The principle is: don’t lose your child.’ If you have been affected by the content of this article, visit Mermaids or Gendered Intelligence for support and advice. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Kimberley.Bond@metro.co.uk Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Tory MP reveals he has been raped and blackmailed as he comes out as trans MORE : The Umbrella Academy season 3: Elliot Page unveils new character after coming out as transgender MORE : No amount of editing can rescue Little Britain from the offensive, transphobic mess that it is