Maksim Chmerkovskiy was pictured in the throes of an emotional reunion with his wife Peta Murgatroyd after fleeing Ukraine. The Dancing With the Stars professional landed safely back in Los Angeles, California on Wednesday following a long journey from Warsaw, Poland. It has been a harrowing week for Maksim, who was forced to flee his native country when Russia began its deadly invasion of Ukraine, before himself being arrested. However, his ordeal was over as he touched back down on American soil to reunite with his beloved wife Peta. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Maksim, 42, was seen scooping his spouse up into his arms and sharing a warm embrace in front of photographers at LAX airport. The couple were understandably emotional having been separated for some time but briefly stopped to talk to reporters. The couple have been married since 2017 and Maksim shares one child – five-year-old son Shai – with Peta, 35, who is also a DWTS professional dancer. It comes after Maksim detailed his difficult journey to safety as it unfolded over the past week. The dancer was in Ukraine’s capital city, Kyiv, filming World of Dance UA when Russian President Vladimir Putin launched an invasion on the country last Thursday. He was detained by police in the chaos but said that his arrest was the ‘least traumatising’ part of his experience, and went on to add that he is focusing his attention on fleeing Ukraine. ‘The streets are crazy,’ he shared in a five-minute video posted to his Instagram page. ‘At one point I got arrested but again all good, promise. That was probably the least traumatising moment in this whole thing as far as Ukraine is concerned, but for me, it was just a reality check.’ He was previously holed up in a bomb shelter before being forced to evacuate. Upon his release from police custody, Maksim went on to make his journey to Poland where he managed to reach Warsaw. Updating his followers as he travelled via train, Maksim revealed: ‘Currently, I’m in a cabin with 4 adults and 7 kids (ages 2-11) which usually is only occupied by maximum of 3 people. There’s usually up to 30 people in this particular wagon. We were told we have to fit 135. Walkways are packed. People everywhere. It’s sweaty and claustrophobic.’ Maksim later spoke from a hotel room and teared up as he admitted he was both confused and terrified after his ordeal. Noting he has ‘a lot to unpack’ from what he’d experienced in the days before, the choreographer went on to warn that, from what he saw on the streets of Ukraine, ‘the war’s just heating up. I keep seeing reports, and they’re gonna get worse’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Fontaines DC take cheeky swipe at Downing Street parties while accepting gong at NME Awards 2022 MORE : Paul Dano on similarities between Batman and the Riddler in new movie: ‘They’re both born of trauma’ 