These incredible images show a baby girl born via caesarean section with the amniotic sac still intact, in a one-in-80,000 event. The rare event took place at a hospital in the city of Vinaros, in the province of Castellon, in Spain’s eastern Valencia region. Gynaecologist and obstetrician Ana Teijelo, who was in charge of the medical team that carried out the C-section, shared footage of the delivery that took place on Wednesday March 23. She said: ‘Today at the hospital of Vinaros we had a veiled caesarean section (2nd twin) and here you can see the enthusiasm of the participants.’ ‘Because there are days that make us remember why we’re in this. I share it with permission, of course.’ A veiled birth, also known as a ‘mermaid’ or ‘en caul’ birth, is when the baby comes out still inside the intact amniotic sac, which usually ruptures when the expectant mother goes into labour. It is said to occur just once in every 80,000 births. The amniotic sac is a thin, fluid-filled sac that surrounds the foetus during pregnancy and helps to protect it from injury and to regulate temperature so it can stay warm. When the amniotic sac ruptures, this is what is commonly known as your ‘waters breaking’. En caul births are more common during C-sections, but they can also occur in vaginal births. A slight majority of twin births are carried out via C-section, potentially explaining this incidence. ‘Beautiful photos, don’t you think?’ added Ana. ‘The first veiled caesarean section I’ve seen and I loved it, and I’m not telling the students anything (although I admit that I’m the one screaming).’ The twins were both born healthy and happy, in what staff say was a ’10 out of 10 day’. Ana said: ‘All the staff enjoyed the delivery: midwives, gynaecologists, paediatricians, anaesthesiologists, nurses, nurse technicians, caretakers, students and, of course, the mother. And here are the protagonists, small and large. ‘And to leave a memory of this moment, our staff have made a painting for the mother by printing the placentas and it looks beautiful, really. ‘Being good professionals is not at odds with being empathetic (don’t be scared when you hear the word placenta, really).’ The OBGYN professional said she hopes this remarkable labour story will inspire others working in healthcare to keep going, as these momentous events can renew passion for the job despite tough times. She added: ‘To all future doctors, medical students…remember: in all hospitals you can learn a lot. The most important thing is to never lose enthusiasm. ‘A day like today compensates for many others. I will never tire of looking at these photos.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Get your trainers back to their bright white best using WD-40 MORE : Toddler with leg abnormality has amputation at 20 months old and his reaction is adorable