A mum has shared how stunned she was to give birth to her baby in just four minutes. TikTok user Kim (@kims_worldxo) took to the platform to share with viewers how she had only visited the hospital for a regular checkup during the pregnancy. However, she was shocked when a midwife told her she’d be welcoming her baby into the world ‘that day.’ ‘This is what led to me giving birth in four minutes,’ she explained in the clip. ‘So basically I woke up in the morning, said bye to my husband cos he was going to work, normal day. ‘I had a doctors’ appointment that morning at like 10 o’clock so I went to the hospital to get the normal check-up and the doctor checked my blood pressure, the baby’s heartbeat and just decided to check down there to see how everything was going.’ Kim told viewers that while she was closer to her due date, she hadn’t reached it at that point. Upon inspection, a midwife asked Kim if she was feeling any pain. Kim replied that she had experienced aches, but thought they were Braxton Hicks contractions. ‘And she goes, “well, I think you’re going to give birth today”’, she continued. ‘I was like, “What?!” ‘I texted my husband telling him that the midwife said I’m going to give birth today, thinking it’s going to be hours.’ ‘From that conversation with the midwife, I gave birth in four minutes.’ Things progressed so fast that Kim almost gave birth as she was walking to the delivery suite. Once she got to the bed she ‘pushed the baby out and that was it – it was done.’ In the comments viewers told Kim how lucky she was. ‘This is every woman’s dream birth,’ one person commented. Another added: ‘How lucky that you were already there!’ After sharing the tale, someone criticised Kim for not telling her husband prior so that he could be there for the birth of his child. However, Kim hit back. She said: ‘I wish I could have let him know, but unfortunately I did not know I was going to give birth on that day. ‘I actually only had a doctor’s checkup that was at the hospital that day.’ In the video’s caption, she added: ‘I wish he could’ve been there for the birth of our child, but it was just too quick.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Where are all the gender neutral baby clothes? MORE : Single mum gives birth to three babies in one year – but they’re not triplets MORE : When do babies start smiling?