Not one, not two, not even three, but Mike Myers is playing eight different roles in his new Netflix comedy series The Pentaverate. The upcoming comedy asks the question: ‘What if a secret society of five men – aka The Pentaverate – has been working to influence world events for the greater good since the Black Plague of 1347?’ The series will follow Mike playing a journalist who undergoes a mission to undercover the truth and, as dramatically as ever, save the world. Since making his Instagram debut last week, Mike has been teasing fans with his new show, offering cryptic clues relating to the number five. From a picture of a Five Guys restaurant, to a five-dollar note, a map of New York City’s five boroughs and even a helicopter with the number on it, Mike’s announcement was definitely one we were waiting for. Revealing his new show, which sticks to the trend with a release date of May 5 (05.05), Mike posted the trailer on Instagram, writing: ‘The Pentaverate must never be exposed.’ The first lead-role Mike plays is that of Canadian journalist Ken Scarborough, who works to expose the Pentaverate, win his job back, and in the process, save the world. He also plays: As if that wasn’t enough, Mike also shared character posters of his all-star line up, which includes Crazy Rich Asians star Ken Jeong, Ab Fab’s Jennifer Saunders and It’s A Sin’s Lydia West. The six 30-minute episodes will be released to Netflix in May. The description for the show adds: ‘As this new series begins, one unlikely Canadian journalist finds himself embroiled in a mission to undercover the truth and just possibly save the world himself. Remember, the Pentaverate must never be exposed!’ From playing Austin Powers to Shrek, it’s clear there’s no role the 58-year-old comedian can’t perfect. Fans may remember that he previously referenced The Pentaverate in the 1993 dark comedy So I Married An Axe Murderer, in which he played both the lead character and his cantankerous father. In that film, Canadian-American Mike claimed the secret society’s members included the Queen, the Vatican, the Getty family and fried chicken expert Colonel Sanders. ‘I love creating characters, and Netflix has given me a fantastic playground to play in,’ Mike said, according to Variety. The Pentaverate will be available to stream on Netflix in May. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : What to watch this week: From Sanditon to Top Boy and Netflix’s bizarre new true crime series Bad Vegan MORE : Bad Vegan on Netflix: What happened to Anthony Strangis?  