The BBC will ‘temporarily suspend’ the work of all its BBC News journalists and support staff in Russia after authorities passed legislation which director-general Tim Davie said appeared to ‘criminalise the process of independent journalism’. The new censorship law brought in on Friday could see reporters imprisoned for up to 15 years for the publication of ‘fake news’ concerning its armed forces. Reacting to new legislation passed by the Russian authorities, Davie said: ‘This legislation appears to criminalise the process of independent journalism. ‘It leaves us no other option than to temporarily suspend the work of all BBC News journalists and their support staff within the Russian Federation while we assess the full implications of this unwelcome development. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘Our BBC News service in Russian will continue to operate from outside Russia. ‘The safety of our staff is paramount and we are not prepared to expose them to the risk of criminal prosecution simply for doing their jobs. I’d like to pay tribute to all of them, for their bravery, determination and professionalism. ‘We remain committed to making accurate, independent information available to audiences around the world, including the millions of Russians who use our news services. He concluded: ‘Our journalists in Ukraine and around the world will continue to report on the invasion of Ukraine.’ Jonathan Munro, Director of BBC News, added: ‘It’s with a heavy heart that we have had to suspend @BBCNews operations in Russia until we assess the impact of new laws which outlaw independent journalism. Thoughts with colleagues in Moscow whose voices cannot be silenced for long. ‘We are not pulling out @BBCNews journalists from Moscow, as some articles are suggesting. We cannot use their reporting for the time being but they remain valued members of our teams and we hope to get them back on our output as soon as possible.’ Earlier today, the broadcaster today published advice to Russians as to how they could access their news services. It came after reports of problems accessing the BBC website in Russia after the Kremlin criticised its coverage of the conflict in Ukraine. According to a tweet posted by BBC Russia in Russian and translated into English, Meta (formerly known as Facebook) also appears to be blocked in the country. The BBC responded to the news of their Russian, and said: ‘Access to accurate, independent information is a fundamental human right which should not be denied to the people of Russia, millions of whom rely on BBC News every week. ‘We will continue our efforts to make BBC News available in Russia, and across the rest of the world.’ The broadcaster explained people in Russia would be able to access the BBC via circumvention tools, such as the Psiphon app, as well as the Tor browser, while sharing further info to citizens. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sir Ian McKellen ‘nervous if BBC is being attacked’ as he weighs in on licence fee row MORE : BBC’s Lyse Doucet introduces people behind cameras in Ukraine’s warzone as she praises them for making ‘all the difference’ 