A former nurse who worked for the NHS for 25 years has become England’s newest MP after winning the by-election in Birmingham Erdington. Labour candidate Paulette Hamilton, 59, has become the city’s first black MP after securing 9,413 votes, beating Conservative Robert Alden who won 6,147 votes. The mum-of-five, whose dad died at the beginning of her political campaign, thanked her Labour colleagues for their support ‘through four storms’ and her bereavement. In her victory speech, she said: ‘But I’d also like to say a special thank you to Keir Starmer for his endless support. ‘Even when my dad died, they were there, they wrapped me in cotton wool, and they supported me, and my dad isn’t even buried yet but they were there when I was crying.’ Erdington was a secure seat for the opposition after it was held by lifelong trade unionist and veteran politician Jack Dromey since 2010, whose sudden death at the age of 73 in January triggered the by-election. After the result was announced, Ms Hamilton paid tribute to the late MP, saying that in the past few weeks of campaigning, she heard ‘so many stories of the difference Jack made to the people’s lives’. Speaking to reporters, she said: ‘I never thought I’d be running to be an MP, but the fact that I am now not only the MP for Erdington but the first black woman – the first woman to ever get the position – I am delighted and I am still pinching myself. ‘I really don’t believe it at this moment in time.’ Ms Hamilton added that although she was the first black MP for Birmingham she ‘won’t be the last’ because ‘when people see that I did it, others will be able to step up to the plate’. Responding to her victory, a Labour spokesperson said: ‘In Paulette, the people of Birmingham Erdington have elected a great local champion. ‘We’re delighted that this campaign has seen the first black MP elected from a Birmingham constituency. ‘Increasing our vote share is a huge achievement and shows that with Keir Starmer’s leadership, Labour is regaining the trust of voters in our traditional ‘red wall’ seats in the Midlands after the disastrous results of the 2019 general election. ‘Even in a traditionally low turnout seat with a well-known Tory candidate, we’ve seen a swing to Labour with voters backing Keir Starmer’s contract for the British people based on security, prosperity and respect for all.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.