Kanye West has shared an insight into his family life in a new poem about death. The Donda rapper, 44, took to Instagram to reveal a new poetic piece about life, similar to his recent ‘Divorce’ offering. He appeared to reference his marriage to ex-wife Kim Kardashian and their four children, North, Saint, Chicago and Psalm, in the lines. ‘No one wanted to tell me I was DEAD and only people that would talk to me were in my head,’ the Grammy-winner began. ‘No one wanted to tell me I was DEAD only people who loved me would visit in their dreams instead. ‘They would come to my grave and sprinkle some bread, so on my tombstone the birds would be fed. I would give new requests but nothing was said, ‘cause no one wanted to tell me that I was DEAD. ‘They ran through my account like the sign said free bread but no one wanted to tell me I was DEAD. My kids would dance for me in a home I once led, but kids see ghosts and didn’t know I was DEAD.’ ‘Every thing was wrong in the press that I read, ‘cause nobody would tell me that I was DEAD. I realized when people spoke to me was only when they pread, ‘cause nobody would just tell me, bro you been DEAD [sic],’ Ye continued. ‘Won’t anyone listen to one word I said, of course not sir, you know how long you been DEAD. Funny it’s been a long time since I bled, you think someone who prides being smart as me would have known that he’s DEAD. ‘So now every idea only exists in my head, I guess that’s how people treat people who are DEAD. I found out one day at the newsstand in purgatory there was a front page of my murderers story.’ The poem concluded: ‘I was so surprised at what it said. This info is for the living and surprise… You’re dead.’ Alongside the poem, Kanye wrote in the caption: ‘I feel already compromised that I have to justify my expression after over 20 years of art that I’ve contributed to the planet but I also see the need to make sure we as a species are allowed to still feel anything. ‘Men not allowed to cry celebrities not allowed to cry I will not explain this new piece for the explanation destroys the mystery and magic of true love and puts it in a box that can be counted. ‘Art is subjective Art only works when it is the artist absolute truth Someone’s truth can be another persons lie We don’t all have to feel the same because we are not the same. ‘With out further ado I present to you my latest creation it is called DEAD.’ Kanye recently made headlines when he addressed his controversial music video for Eazy, where he was seen burying Pete Davidson alive in animation form. The dad-of-four was met with backlash over the scenes, after a cartoon version of the Gold Digger rapper restrained the SNL star – who is now dating Kim – with a bag over his head before burying him in the ground. Appearing to address the controversy over the weekend, he insisted that he meant no ill will towards the comedian. He wrote in an Instagram post: ‘Art is therapy just like this view. Art is protected as freedom of speech. ‘Art inspires and simplifies the world. Art is not a proxy for any ill or harm. Any suggestion otherwise about my art is false and mal intended.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eurovision 2022: The latest updates from UK’s potential entry, to a new ‘best opening lyric’ contender from Serbia MORE : Holly Willoughby pays tribute to daughter on International Women’s Day as stars mark event 