BBC presenter Clive Myrie has thanked fans for their support as he announced his return to London following reporting on the front line in Kyiv, Ukraine. The broadcaster has been giving updates on the Russian invasion from the capital often alongside the corporation’s chief international correspondent Lyse Doucet since the invasion began 12 days ago. Myrie explained to his Twitter followers on Sunday night that he was fleeing Ukraine to Romania via Moldova, with the drive taking the best part of a full day. He has since shared that he’s en route back to the UK for the time being, but promised he will return to the warzone. ‘A quick thank you for all your good wishes over the last 2 weeks, you’ve all been very kind to me and the BBC teams in Ukraine,’ Myrie penned on social media. ‘I’m now heading back to London, but will return. #UkraineRussianWar #ukraine.’ Myrie’s coverage of the Russia/Ukraine conflict has attracted praise from fellow journalists over the past two weeks. Piers Morgan was the latest presenter to applaud Myrie’s efforts, writing: ‘Tremendous reporting, Clive. The BBC at its best.’ Former BBC and GB News newsreader Simon McCoy, previously said: ‘You are doing an amazing job. Look after yourselves.’ World At One presenter Sarah Montague added: ‘Watching @CliveMyrieBBC makes me feel very proud that I work at the BBC. He is a class act.’ When the invasion began, Myrie and his colleague Doucet swiftly put on flak jackets after they were interrupted by an air raid siren during a live broadcast from a rooftop opposite St Michael’s Cathedral. He later told the PA news agency: ‘You’ve got to be aware that you are in the middle of a warzone, a live warzone, and anything could happen. ‘None of us are stupid enough to stay out there reporting while bullets are raining down, that would be madness and frankly no story is worth that, but the advice was we could still keep broadcasting as long as we took the minimal protection of putting on safety gear. ‘So that’s what we did and it meant we could continue telling the story, getting that across to our viewers so that they understand what is going on.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 