America has warned Vladimir Putin may be preparing to use chemical or biological weapons as he resorts to increasingly desperate tactics in Ukraine. President Joe Biden has said the Russian president’s ‘back is against the wall’ as his plans to invade Ukraine stall. The stark warnings come after Russia was accused of using phosphorus weapons in the city of Kramatorsk. Speaking to American business leaders in Washington DC, Mr Biden said: ‘Putin’s back is against the wall. ‘He wasn’t anticipating the extent or the strength of our unity. And the more his back is against the wall, the greater the severity of the tactics he may employ. ‘We’ve seen it before. He’s run a lot of false-flag operations. Whenever he starts talking about something he thinks Nato, Ukraine, or the United States is about to do, it means he’s getting ready to do it.’ Mr Biden said Russia’s claims America has ‘biological as well as chemical weapons in Europe’ were a ‘clear sign’ Mr Putin planned to deploy them himself. ‘He’s already used chemical weapons in the past, and we should be careful of what’s about to come,’ Mr Biden said. ‘He knows there’ll be severe consequences because of the united Nato front, but the point is: It’s real.’ The US president previously warned Mr Putin that he would pay a ‘severe price’ if Russia used chemical weapons. Boris Johnson has said a chemical attack by the Kremlin would be ‘straight out of their playbook’ warning the world had seen Russia deploy the weapons in the past. Meanwhile, Ukrainian authorities have accused Russian forces of using white phosphorus munitions on the western city of Kramatorsk. Sharing a video of a smoking white substance, Oleksiy Biloshytskiy, deputy head of Kyiv police, said on Facebook: ‘Another use of phosphorus ammunitions in Kramatorsk.’ Russian troops have also been accused of using the substance in the cities of Lutsk and Popasna. While not considered a chemical or technically an incendiary weapon, phosphorus munitions are ‘notorious for the severity of the injuries’ they cause. White phosphorus is a chemical substance that ignites and burns on contact with oxygen, generating dense white smoke. It can be dispersed by artillery shells, bombs, rockets or grenades. Although not defined as an incendiary weapon under current weapons law, white phosphorus behaves in the same way as incendiary devices. Militaries primarily use it to provide visual cover for the movement of troops and armour. But when it comes into contact with humans it can cause horrific injuries. The substance is ‘highly soluble in fat’ meaning it can cause devastating burns and can lead to organ failure if it enters the bloodstream. Incendiary weapons are governed by Protocol III to the 1980 Convention on Conventional Weapons. The law bans the use of air-dropped incendiary weapons in populated areas where they may hit civilians. Experts are divided on whether Russia would deploy chemical weapons. Daniel M Gerstein, a senior policy researcher in the US, told Mail Online Mr Putin ‘certainly’ had the capabilities to make chemical weapons such as sarin and nerve agents. ‘Sarin is a chemical formula, there is no reason why he could not. We’ve also seen him on more than one occasion use novichok,’ he said, referring to the attempts on the lives of Mr Skripal and Kremlin opponent Alexei Navalny in 2020. ‘It can be very effective. You would see people become very ill and, without medical intervention, they would die.’ However, others have said the possibility of chemical weapons was unlikely. Former intelligence officer Philip Ingram said Mr Putin was more likely to ‘engineer an accident’ at one of Ukraine’s nuclear plants. While Sir Tony Brenton, former British ambassador to Russia, said the Kremlin would pull back from their use because of the danger posed to Russia’s own troops on the ground. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.