Energy giant Shell has announced it will stop buying oil and gas from Russia and shut all of its service stations in the country. It comes as prices at the petrol pumps increase at the fastest rate on record, amid fears the Russian invasion of Ukraine will make oil and gas a gold-like commodity. Boris Johnson and other world leaders are putting more pressure on Vladimir Putin’s regime – but the Prime Minister did admit they can’t shut down Russian energy supplies ‘overnight’. Businesses are also closing their Russian operations in solidarity with Ukraine, with Shell the latest in a long line of companies, including PayPal, Visa, Mastercard and Netflix. Shell boss Ben van Beurden issued an apology as he made the announcement after the company controversially bought a cut-price shipment of Russian oil last week. ‘We are acutely aware that our decision last week to purchase a cargo of Russian crude oil to be refined into products like petrol and diesel – despite being made with security of supplies at the forefront of our thinking – was not the right one and we are sorry,’ he said. Shell will immediately stop buying Russian crude oil on the spot market and will also shut aviation fuel and lubricants operations in the country. The rest of the company’s exit from Russian oil and gas will take place over time. Profits from the remaining Russian gas that Shell will process will be sent to a fund and the business will work with humanitarian organisations to figure out how best to spend the money. Mr van Beurden said: ‘Our actions to date have been guided by continuous discussions with governments about the need to disentangle society from Russian energy flows, while maintaining energy supplies. ‘Threats today to stop pipeline flows to Europe further illustrate the difficult choices and potential consequences we face as we try to do this.’ He added: ‘As we have already said, we will commit profits from the limited, remaining amounts of Russian oil we will process to a dedicated fund. ‘We will work with aid partners and humanitarian agencies over the coming days and weeks to determine where the monies from this fund are best placed to alleviate the terrible consequences that this war is having on the people of Ukraine.’ Last week Shell said it would end its involvement with the Nord Stream 2 pipeline which was intended to bring Russian gas into Europe. It also said at the time it would exit its partnerships with Russian state-owned energy giant Gazprom. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.