Tributes have poured in for William Hurt who has died at the age of 71. The Kiss of a Spider Woman actor died of natural causes on Sunday just a week before his 72nd birthday. He was surrounded by his family who said he died ‘peacefully’ . A tweet on the Marvel account was among the first to pay tribute, writing: ‘Rest In Peace to an amazing talent William Hurt, beloved Thaddeus “Thunderbolt” Ross in our Marvel Cinematic Universe.’ Hurt famously played Thaddeus Ross in The Incredible Hulk, starring alongside Mark Ruffallo, before reprising the role in Captain America: Civil War, Avengers: Infinity War, Avengers: Endgame and Black Widow. Hulk actor Ruffalo expressed his sorrow at the news and tweeted: ‘Wow, another Major loss to the acting community. Great actor. Great mind. RIP.’ Marvel actress Kat Dennings – who plays Darcy Lewis in the Thor franchise and WandaVision, tweeted: ‘Ughggghhh I love William Hurt WHY.’ Actress Bryce Dallas Howard, who starred alongside Hurt in M Night Shyamalan’s 2004 film The Village, shared throwback photos of her with the actor, and wrote: ‘Rest In Peace, William Hurt ♥️ ‘Your undeniable presence on screen broke the mold a thousand times over and I am so grateful to have spent the time that we did together filming The Village — and even after filming was done for you but you stayed with me at Sweetwater Farm anyways to make sure I wasn’t alone. ‘That’s the kind of person Bill was. Someone who gave everything and went out of his way to support me and others. I’ll always remember his generosity of spirit and his love of stories and truth — that passion ignited the same love of stories for me.’ She added: ‘⁣Sending you and your family all the love as you cross this horizon into the next. Miss you so much already Bill ♥️ Thank you for being so profoundly good to me.⁣⁣’ Gladiator actor Russell Crowe reflected on his experience starring as the titular hero in Sir Ridley Scott’s 2010 film Robin Hood alongside Hurt, and said: ‘On Robin Hood, I was aware of his reputation for asking character based questions, so I had compiled a file on the life of (Hurt’s character) William Marshall. ‘He sought me out when he arrived on set. I handed him the stack. Not sure if I’ve ever seen a bigger smile. RIP.’ Hurt was perhaps best known for his performance in Kiss of the Spider Woman, for which he won the best actor Oscar. His other credits included, Children of a Lesser God, Broadcast News, Goliath, A History of Violence and Vantage Point. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Power of the Dog director Jane Campion faces criticism over ‘ignorant’ comment about Venus and Serena Williams at Critics’ Choice Awards MORE : Bafta 2022: Naomi Campbell partied so hard she wore trainers home from after-party and we don’t blame her 