Britney Spears has sparked concern from fans after her Instagram account disappeared. The Toxic singer is normally very active on the social media platform, sharing glimpses of her days out and holidays, as well as her always iconic dancing videos. However, the 40-year-old’s page is no longer visible, hours after her latest post, and has instead been replaced with an error message. ‘Sorry, this page isn’t available,’ the warning reads. ‘The link you followed may be broken, or the page may have been removed. Go back to Instagram.’ Her Twitter account is currently still visible, with fans flocking to the platform to question what was happening. A follower asked: ‘Why did @britneyspears deleted her instagram account [sic]!?’ ‘Oh, my God Britney Spears’ Instagram disappeared,’ another said. While one questioned: ‘What happened with #britneyspears instagram? Insta removed the acc?’ As a Twitter user added: ‘Britney Spears deactivated her instagram account. ‘I am deactivating my whole ass social media. I cant live without her videos.’ This isn’t the first time the mom-of-two has taken time away from the social media site, where she boasts 39million followers, as her account was no longer visible for a short period in September. She returned shortly after and explained that she had a break to celebrate her engagement to Sam Asghari. Britney’s last post before her page went blank was regarding her Las Vegas residency, as she reflected on her most recent trip to Sin City. Lifting the lid on her experience, she penned: ‘The only thing I’ve known when I used to go to Vegas was a hour long meet and greets with 40 people every night getting the worst pics of me and then a two hour show!!!! ‘Let’s just say THIS TIME visiting it gave me a whole new perspective onwhat it means to live!!!! ‘Being able to go to the spa was a highlight as well … and you know what??? Don’t ever pity me like my masseuse does …. “People do love you!” …. Huh???? Huh???? I dont want to be loved … I want to be feared!!!’ Britney, who was freed from her controversial conservatorship last year, added that ‘being loved and being nice got me taken advantage of,’ signing off with: ‘So take ur pity and go f*** yourselves (sic).’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Instagram and Britney Spears for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 