The head of the Russian space agency Roscosmos has made a bizarre threat to leave an American astronaut stranded aboard the International Space Station (ISS). In a video posted to Twitter, Facebook and shared by the Russian state media outlet RIA Novost, Dmitry Rogozin said he would be prepared to leave the Nasa astronaut in space. Mark Vande Hei, a married 55-year-old father of two from Texas, is scheduled to return to Kazakhstan from space along with two Russian cosmonauts on March 30. He has spent nearly a year on board the orbiting space lab and is scheduled to return to Earth aboard a Russian Soyuz spacecraft. In the video, doctored footage shows the two cosmonauts on board the ISS with Vande Hei apparently wave him goodbye and detach Russia’s segment of the station. Doing so would cause the station to lose control and spiral down to Earth. RIA Novosti captioned it: ‘The Roscosmos television studio jokingly demonstrated the possibility of Russia withdrawing from the ISS project — the undocking of the Russian segment of the station, without which the American part of the project cannot exist,’ according to a translation from Newsweek. Since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine started, Dmitry Rogozin has made a series of incidiary statements regarding Russia’s involvement in the international space community. Last month, he suggested that US sactions designed to hurt Russia’s aerospace industry could lead to the ISS falling out of the sky and crashing to Earth. In a series of tweets, Rogozin asked, ‘Do you want to destroy our cooperation on the ISS?’, adding that the station’s orbital control uses engines of a Russian cargo craft docked to the space station. He went on: ‘If you block cooperation with us, then who is going to save the ISS from an uncontrolled descent from orbit and then falling onto the territory of the United States or Europe? ‘There is also a scenario where the 500-tonne structure falls on India or China. Do you want to threaten them with this prospect? ‘The ISS doesn’t fly over Russia, so all the risks are yours.’ If that wasn’t enough, he also got into an argument with decorated US astronaut Scott Kelly. MORE : What is the International Space Station, what does it do and how is Russia involved? MORE : Nasa probing people having sex in space 