Lin-Manuel Miranda has shared crushing news for his fans, revealing that he won’t be attending the Oscars this Sunday after his wife tested positive for Covid. At the 2022 Academy Awards, two of Lin-Manuel’s films, Tick, Tick… Boom! and Encanto, are up for several accolades. The Hamilton creator is up for the gong of best original song for his track Dos Oruguitas from the acclaimed Disney animated movie, while Tick, Tick… Boom! – which was his directorial debut – is nominated in the film editing category, with Andrew Garfield also receiving a nod for best actor. In a tweet shared on Saturday, the day before the awards ceremony, Lin-Manuel wrote: ‘Made it to Hollywood…This weekend, my wife tested ➕ for COVID.’ He continued: ‘She’s doing fine. Kids & I have tested ➖, but out of caution, I won’t be going to the Oscars tomorrow night. ‘Cheering for my TickTickBoom & Encanto families w my own family, alongside all of you, ALL of you. -LMM.’ Fans rushed to share their support for Lin-Manuel, with many also wishing his wife, Vanessa Nadal, a speedy recovery. ‘So sorry Lin – hope she feels better soon and that you all escape it. Better safe than sorry – and the films you have gifted us this year will last longer than the night of the awards,’ one person wrote. ‘Oh no I’m so sorry to hear Lin I hope the Vanessa is okay, we will be Cheering for you and #TickTickBoomMovie and #Encanto louder than bigger than ever sending our love and support to you all,’ someone else wrote. Several people on Twitter also praised Lin-Manuel for taking ‘public health and safety seriously’ with his decision. ‘We love a responsible king. Sucks sooooo much but a responsible choice. If Lin does win, I hope we get that EGOT speech somehow,’ one person commented. ‘Sorry to hear, but everyone understands and you will be missed. Most of all, thank you @Lin_Manuel for the great work on both films. Just wonderful directing, writing and composing,’ another said. If Lin-Manuel wins his Academy Award tomorrow night, he would have earned EGOT status – meaning that he would have won an Emmy, a Grammy, an Oscar and a Tony Award. Tick, Tick… Boom!, which tells the semi-autobiographical story of Rent creator Jonathan Larson, received widespread acclaim when it was released on Netflix. After Andrew’s nomination for best actor was revealed, the Spider-Man: No Way Home star recalled how he was in bed when the nominees were announced, telling Deadline: ‘It was 5am, and it was exciting, and terrifying and lots of other things. But I just feel lucky that I had a good reason to wake up at 5am.’ Lin-Manuel has been married to his wife Vanessa, who works as an attorney, since 2010, having previously been friends in high school. The couple have two sons together, who were born in 2014 and 2018 respectively. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Oscars 2022: What is the fan favourite award and which film could win? MORE : Oscars 2022: Who is hosting the 94th Academy Awards? 