There are huge question marks over Cristiano Ronaldo’s participation in Manchester United’s derby clash with rivals City on Sunday, with the Portuguese star absent from the squad that assembled on Saturday evening. As is customary, Ralf Rangnick’s 21-man squad reported to The Lowry Hotel on the eve of the match but Ronaldo and several other notable players were not part of the group that arrived. The 37-year-old has faced criticism for his performances in recent weeks, netting just once in his last eight league appearances, and there had been suggestions he might be dropped for the trip to the Etihad. But no-one would have expected him to not be in the squad at all, while United are set to be deprived of even more firepower up top with Edinson Cavani not seen at The Lowry either. The Uruguayan has missed the last five games with a groin problem but Rangnick had indicated he was back in contention to play. Speaking on Friday, Rangnick said: ‘There are two or three question marks behind some players we will have to wait and see what happens. Edinson as it stands now will be part of the group.’ Raphael Varane and Luke Shaw were also missing on Saturday night, which suggests Harry Maguire will keep his place in the starting XI, while Eric Bailly has been named in a Premier League matchday squad for the first time in two months. Players have been given permission to join up with the squad at different times to the rest of their teammates in the past, but the fact that 21 players reported for duty would suggest that the aforementioned four players will not be involved against City. In the absence of Ronaldo, Marcus Rashford is now expected to lead the line – though Rangnick might consider using Bruno Fernandes as a false nine while youngster Anthony Elanga is another option. Speaking about Rashford ahead of the match, the German coach said: ‘With Marcus Rashford we have another player who I will insist and continuously be behind him, to develop him. We have achieved that with quite a few young players in the past, and I don’t see why this can’t happen with Marcus. ‘He has got abundant talent, he has got pace, physicality, everything you need as a modern striker, no matter if he is playing from the wing or the centre. I will put all my energy into making sure he takes the same pathway as other players in recent months.’ There had been calls for skipper Maguire to lose his place in the side after a number of below-par performances this season, but he is now expected to partner Victor Lindelof in central defence with Alex Telles at left-back. United are not alone in having injury issues ahead of the derby, with City centre-back Ruben Dias expected to miss up to six weeks of the season with a hamstring problem. MORE : Manchester United target Mauricio Pochettino ‘would rather return to Tottenham’ MORE : Ralf Rangnick provides Edinson Cavani update and identifies where Manchester United must improve against Manchester City For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 