The Apprentice candidate Amy Anzel has been banned from the final celebration show You’re Hired after complaining about Lord Alan Sugar’s ‘insulting’ tweets about her. Amy, 48, was eliminated from The Apprentice in week six after failing to impress when the teams were tasked with organising the perfect adventure-filled experience for holidaymakers and corporates. After her exit aired, Lord Sugar, 74, tweeted: ‘Amy didn’t sell she was so slow. Slower than broadband Wi-Fi in Cornwall.’ According to a pal close to Amy, ‘she couldn’t get her head around her firing’. ‘It came in week six because she’d not taken on the project manager role — but they’d failed to show she had put herself up for it in week two,’ they told The Sun. ‘She believed it was just an excuse to get rid of her. ‘When Lord Sugar posted his tweets, she thought they were nasty, hurtful and insulting and told them so in an email.’ They continued: ‘She knew the final taping was happening last Wednesday but they ignored her phone calls and emails again. ‘Then Amy got an email saying that invitations were issued at their discretion.’ However, as per usual, invitations for You’re Hired are always discretionary and never guaranteed. After her elimination, Amy actually slammed The Apprentice winner’s prize – a £250,000 investment from Lord Sugar, arguing that after giving away 50 percent of the business, it ‘isn’t an amazing deal’. On Thursday, Kathryn Burn, 29, and Harpreet Kaur, 30, will be battling out for Lord Sugar’s ‘not-so amazing investment’. Amy will be in the episode to help one of the candidates but not the final of You’re Hired, which will air as soon as the winner is revealed. Metro.co.uk has contacted both a spokesperson for The Apprentice and Amy Anzel on this story. The Apprentice concludes Thursday at 9pm on BBC One. You’re Hired will follow at 10pm on BBC Two. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.