Stef Reid has become the latest celebrity to be eliminated from Dancing On Ice 2022. The Paralympian was dumped from the competition with partner Andy Buchanan by all four judges after losing a very close skate-off to Kye Whyte and Tippy Packard. Speaking to presenters Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield after the pannel had delivered their verdict, the sportswoman said: ‘I have absolutely loved every moment. It is just not something that I ever thought I would be able to do.’ Turning to her professional partner Andy Buchanan, she added: ‘Just learning to skate and getting to learn about performance and dance. I can’t thank you enough.’ The pair then embraced after just missing out on a spot in the Dancing On Ice semi-final. In the live show, the skating couple had performed a dazzling routine to Mack and Mabel in the show’s first-ever Torvill and Dean week, which saw contestants take on routines lifted directly from judges Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean’s glittering skating career. Their performance scored them 36.5, just half a point behind Kye and Tippy’s 37 in one of the show’s highest-ever scoring weeks. Connor Ball and Alexandra Schaumann were saved from the skate-off by the public after landing bottom with a still-strong score of 35. Last week The Vamps’ singer had needed stitches directly after his performance, following a nasty fall. Chris praised Stef and Andy and Kye and Tippy after the skate-off, as he said that their level of skating would have seen them through to the semi-final of any other series of the show. Stef followed Coronation Street star Sally Dynevor out of the competition after she was eliminated from the show last week, following a skate-off to Kye and Tippy, who have most consistently found themselves in the bottom two. Elsewhere in this evening’s episode, a perfect score was the unofficial theme of the week, with Strictly Come Dancing professional Brendan Cole yet again achieving a 40, alongside both Kimberly Wyatt and Regan Gascoigne with their partners. Phillip Scofield labelled the night ‘one of the best shows we’ve ever done’, as Jayne became emotional at the quality of the skating throughout the whole show. Next week, the remaining five skaters take on the challenge of the semi-final, with two skating routines each, one of which will be a solo number. But who will find themselves at the bottom of the leader board as the danger increases with a double elimination and the stars look to top an exceptional week? Dancing On Ice returns next Sunday at 7:30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing On Ice: Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean ‘bored’ of fix rumours and claim previous winner James Jordan was a ‘weak’ skater MORE : All the Dancing On Ice injuries so far this series 