Denise Van Outen has spoken proudly about knowing when to walk away from relationships after her split from fiance Eddie Boxshall amid cheating allegations. The Celebrity Gogglebox stars, both 47, ended their seven-year relationship in January, having been planning to marry this year. While Denise appears to be happily moving on, businessman Eddie is reported to be desperately hoping to win back his ex-fiancée amid reports in The Sun that he had cheated with multiple women. The TV personality appeared on the Zoe Ball Breakfast Show on Radio 2 on Tuesday where she was asked about some of the ‘shocking’ situations she found herself in through her work, as detailed in Denise’s upcoming memoir. ‘It’s not always an easy ride in this industry,’ Zoe said, telling Denise: ‘You tell some great stories, you’re really brave.’ Denise said: ‘The one thing I’m really proud of myself for is I do know when to walk away and I don’t like to be taken advantage of. ‘Sometimes it’s been to the detriment of my own career or in my own relationships,’ she admitted. ‘But I just feel like it’s really important as a woman to have self-worth and self-respect.’ She continued: ‘I’ve always tried to maintain that in anything that I do in life, generally. More so even now as a mother because I feel like I’m a role model and I’ve got to set an example.’ Since her first post on Instagram confirming she and Eddie had split, Denise has remained fairly tight-lipped about the details and has not mentioned her former fiance. Eddie however has posted more than a few cryptid comments on social media, and on International Women’s Day gave Denise a special shout-out on social media, proving he still thinks of his ex fondly. Alongside a photo of Denise smiling, he wrote on his Instagram stories: ‘Regardless of us sadly going our separate ways I have to acknowledge that in our wonderful 7 and a half year relationship I witnessed the hardest working and most driven woman in her business and amazing mummy to Betsy.’ Denise is mother to 12-year-old daughter Betsy, who she shares with ex-husband Lee Mead. Denise announced her split from Eddie on January 7, explaining on Instagram: ‘Over the past couple of months, there has been much speculation regarding my relationship with Eddie. It saddens me to confirm that we are no longer a couple.’ She continued: ‘I had to make the difficult decision not to continue in our relationship. I will always treasure the good times we spent together, and the memories made.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Denise for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Denise Van Outen’s ex-fiance Eddie Boxshall praises her in heartfelt post despite split: ‘Most amazing mummy’ MORE : Denise Van Outen’s ex-fiance Eddie Boxshall posts cryptic message about loneliness weeks after split 