Denise Van Outen has admitted there are ‘no hard feelings’ following her split from Eddie Boxshall, adding that she’s ‘getting on’ with her new reality. The presenter announced she had parted ways from her fiancé in January after seven years together and revealed they had scrapped their plans to tie the knot. Joining Thursday’s episode of Lorraine, Denise revealed that she is doing ‘okay’ after sharing in her autobiography that she found pictures and Instagram messages between Eddie and a woman. ‘I’m feeling really good now because I wasn’t in a good place, it was all a bit of a shock,’ she said. ‘These things happen. I’m not the first person it’s happened to and I won’t be the last, sadly. But it’s life, isn’t it, Lorraine? ‘You just have to get on with it and there are no hard feelings on my side. It’s happened and you just accept it. I can’t change what’s happened.’ Denise and Eddie first met in 2014 when they were set up on a blind date by presenter Zoe Hardman. Denise alleged she found pictures and Instagram messages on Eddie’s iPad, detailing the affair in her new autobiography, A Bit Of Me: From Basildon To Broadway And Back. ‘Among photos was a screenshot… of a woman’s breasts – and they definitely weren’t mine!’ she wrote. ‘Also, there was a flirty text exchange between Eddie and this woman, which, of course, set off alarm bells.’ The Big Breakfast star announced her split from Eddie on January 7, explaining on Instagram: ‘Over the past couple of months, there has been much speculation regarding my relationship with Eddie. It saddens me to confirm that we are no longer a couple.’ She continued: ‘I had to make the difficult decision not to continue in our relationship. I will always treasure the good times we spent together, and the memories made.’ Speaking to Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas on The One Show earlier this week, Denise opened up about how her relationship ending forced her to alter her book in a bid to remain ‘honest and truthful.’ She said: ‘I think it was the toughest thing for me, I mean the book is very upbeat because I’ve had a lot of incredible work experiences and I cover a lot of the 90s, all the hedonistic days, it’s all in there.’ The autobiography was due to be released in November, however, Denise revealed that it was around that time when she ‘found out everything that had been going on.’ She shared: ‘I had to make a decision and we had to pull the book and it’s unheard of, and we had to get rid of all of the books. ‘I had to sit down and do a re-write. ‘So, at that particular time, can you imagine how raw it was, you know, to put your heart and your feelings on paper and for it to be so public… listen, there are highs and lows in this career and I’ll take them all because I have good times and bad times. ‘You have to accept the good with the bad and I kind of felt like I couldn’t write an autobiography without being really honest and truthful about my feelings.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 