Boris Johnson has accused P&O ferries of breaking the law after the firm sacked 800 workers on the spot and replaced them with cheaper labour. The prime minister said the government will be ‘taking action’ and encouraging workers to do the same. However he was accused by the opposition of delivering ‘half-arsed bluster and waffle’ in response to calls to better protect British workers. One union has claimed P&O staff will be replaced by Indian seafarers on less than £2 an hour. The row at PMQS came as the chief executive of the shamed company finally issued a direct apology over the mass firing, which sparked widespread condemnation from employees, unions and cross-party politicians. CEO Peter Hebblethwaite said: ‘I want to say sorry to the people affected and their families for the impact it’s had on them, and also to the 2,200 people who still work for P&O and will have been asked a lot of difficult questions about this.’ However, he ultimately defended the decision, insisting it was the only way to save his business. He said: ‘Over the last week, I’ve been speaking face-to-face to seafarers and their partners. They’ve lost their jobs and there is anger and shock, and I completely understand. ‘We needed fundamental change to make us viable. ‘This was an incredibly difficult decision that we wrestled with but once we knew it was the only way to save the business, we had to act. ‘All other routes led to the closure of P&O Ferries. I wish there was another way and I’m sorry.’ The prime minister has been urged to introduce sanctions against P&O Ferries and its owner DP World to force them to reverse its decision. Ministers have been accused of not doing enough to stop the mass sacking after it emerged the government were informed of the brutal plans a day before 800 of P&O’s staff were told over a video call. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer raised the issue in the House of Commons today, asking:  ‘800 loyal British workers fired over Zoom, instantly replaced by foreign agency workers shipped in on less than the minimum wage. If the Prime Minister can’t stop that, what’s the point of his Government?’ The prime minister replied saying he condemns the ‘callous behaviour’ of P&O, adding that what they did ‘is no way to treat hardworking employees’. He added: ‘It looks to me as though the company concerned has broken the law, and we will be taking action, therefore, and we will be encouraging workers themselves to take action under the 1996 Employment Rights Act.’ The PM said if the company is found guilty ‘then they face fines running into millions of pounds, and in addition we will be taking steps to protect all mariners who are working in UK waters and ensure that they are all paid the living wage’. But Sir Keir said workers he has spoken to are worried they could be next if P&O is allowed to ‘get away with it’, adding: ‘Why does the Prime Minister think that they will take a crumb of comfort from his half-arsed bluster and waffle today?’ Sir Keir pointed out that Mr Johnson ordered Tory MPs to abstain on a Labour motion to ban fire and rehire – when workers are made redundant and hired again under worse terms. He also referenced the Owen Patterson scandal, when the Conservative party tried to save an MP who had broken lobbying rules from suspension by ripping up the Commons disciplinary process. Sir Keir said: ‘When Owen Paterson was on the ropes, the Prime Minister was prepared to rip up the entire rule book to save his jobs. P&O workers want him to show the same fight in relation to them. ‘The Government had advance warning of these mass sackings, a memo was sent to the transport secretary (Grant Shapps) and to the Prime Minister’s office, but he didn’t lift a finger to stop them. Did the Prime Minister not understand the memo or did he just not bother to read it?’. Sir Keir pressed the prime minister to guarantee that P&O Ferries and DP World will not get a ‘penny more of taxpayers’ money’ or a ‘single tax break’ until they reinstate the workforce. He said that since the PM came to office, P&O have received over £38 million of government contracts and the parent company DP World is lined up for £50 million of taxpayers’ money under the Free Ports Scheme. Mr Johnson did not say whether such sanctions could be introduced, but repeated that the government  ‘is taking legal action against the company concerned’. P&O has denied breaking the law when it sacked the workers without warning last week. Earlier, the company said it is offering more than £36 million in compensation to sacked staff, with 40 employees in line for payments of more than £100,000. However, unions said the compensation package being offered was ‘pure blackmail and threats’. Concerns have also been raised about the conditions new employees will be working under. The RMT claims some of the new staff being brought in from India will be paid as little as £1.82 an hour. Sir Keir, former head of the Crown Prosecution Service, pointed out that it is currently ‘not illegal to pay seafarers below the national minimum wage even if they are working at UK ports and in UK waters’. He said the Conservatives admitted two years ago that this was not acceptable but still  n’othing has been done leaving the gate wide open for P&O’. He said: ‘DP World must be quaking in their boots. The Prime Minister says how disappointed he is in them whilst handing them £50 million. ‘When will the Prime Minister fix that gap in the law?’ Boris Johnson replied: ‘We are going to address the defects in the 1998 Living Wage Act… Minimum Wage Act and make sure that everybody serving in the UK exclusive economic zone, work in the UK exclusive economic zone gets paid the living wage as people do in the rest of the country.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 