Shocking footage appears to show a missile strike at the centre of Ukraine’s second largest city on day six of Russia’s invasion. A huge explosion can be seen outside the regional headquarter of Kharkiv, a mostly Russian speaking city in northeastern Ukraine. Kharkiv region head Oleg Synegubov accused Vladimir Putin’s regime of war crimes after launching missiles at the city and said its defences were holding up. He shared a video of an explosion at the regional administration building, which showed passing cars just about making it through the blast. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live It appears the building was not directly hit, with some speculating the attack was aimed at a Ukrainian army recruitment centre outside. Residential areas were also reportedly hit by missiles, with six people injured so far, including a child. Synegubov said on social media that it was too early to tell the number of casualties from today’s strikes. Kharkiv has seen some of the heaviest fighting since the Russian launched its invasion on Thursday. Ukraine’s Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba tweeted: ‘Barbaric Russian missile strikes on the central Freedom Square and residential districts of Kharkiv. He said ‘Putin is unable to break Ukraine down’ and added: ‘He commits more war crimes out of fury, murders innocent civilians.’ Many journalists were quick to point out that attacks like this did not look like a ‘liberation’ of a Russian-speaking city as Putin would like to portray. It comes after Russia was accused of using vacuum bombs and cluster munitions during its invasion of Ukraine. Also known as thermobaric weapons, vacuum bombs suck in oxygen from the surrounding air to create a more powerful high-temperature explosion capable of vaporising human bodies. One Western official said: ‘Certainly, if it is used in any built-up area, there is no way you can eradicate the risk of significant civilian casualties.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : How can I join the Ukraine foreign legion?