Welcome back to How I Made It, Metro.co.uk’s series looking into interesting job journeys. This week we’re digging into the niche career of being a heirloom detective, which involves hunting for valuable objects and reuniting them with their rightful owners. Chelsey Brown, a 29-year-old based in Manhattan, New York, has always been interested by this type of work, in part due to her dad’s experience in the same field. Being an heirloom detective doesn’t pay the bills on its own, as Chelsey does the work pro bono, but it’s incredibly rewarding in other ways. She also works as an interior decorator and author, while using social media to boost her professional presence. She tells Metro.co.uk: ‘Every single heirloom, family, and story I come across is so different and unique in its own way. ‘I’m not just researching the item, but also finding the life story behind the person it belonged to and its connection with history, and then I’m building a family tree to find my way to the descendant. I enjoy the whole process.’ Here’s how she’s been making it happen since last summer. Hey, Chelsey. What made you get into heirloom detective work? My dad is a genealogist [which means he’s an expert in family history and tracing lineages] and growing up I saw him help families worldwide with their family history. Also, I’m naturally always thrifting or at the flea market. Every time I would pass any family heirlooms or artifacts, it would break my heart because I knew, deep down, those items should be with their rightful descendants and families. One day, I decided to take what I knew and what my dad taught me and see if I could start returning these items. And once I started, I never stopped. What makes it worthwhile for you? After the first few reactions from people that I returned items to, I knew it was for me. Those over-the-moon responses and reactions are what really inspired me to start doing this. Some of the stories I’ve uncovered behind these artifacts are so unbelievably amazing. It’s like I’m traveling back in time, you know? All of these reasons lead up to the lightbulb moment where I went: ‘Oh my gosh, this is what I’m meant to do for the rest of my life’. Did you do any training? Everything I know is what I learned from my dad. Genealogy is something where, although you can become an expert, you can still learn something new every day, whether that be a new research skillset or a resource to find records. One of the primary resources I use is MyHeritage.com, and they even have a course for genealogy for beginners. You can be a novice at family history and using the records available on the platform, you can make instant discoveries. Anyone can do it, really. How do you go about finding heirlooms? Each heirloom or artifact is so different, so it will always be a different method for each item. But long story short, I will take the item home, write down any information that I think is important (names, locations, dates), and then I’ll put that information into MyHeritage.com, and from there, I’ll see what records I find. Maybe there’s an owner of a public family tree that I can reach out to, or maybe there isn’t, and I have to do more digging, such as reading newspaper articles, obituaries, census records, vital records and more. How long does it take usually to do the detective work? Sometimes it can only take 30 minutes, and sometimes it can take a few days to a few weeks. Some research projects are more complex than others, but I always find the harder ones to be more interesting, as those really challenge me to become a better researcher. What’s been your favourite find to date? People ask me this all the time, and it’s such a hard question to answer. I truly love and connect with so many of the heirlooms and artifacts that I’ve returned. But, if I had to choose, I’d have to say I find a connection with the diaries and love letters the most. These types of artifacts can tell you so much about a person: their likes, dislikes, feelings, loves, heartbreak, sadness, jealousy, happiness, kindness, etc. I mean, these items can tell you more about a person than any record ever could. Reading a first-hand account from someone connects me with that person and connects me with that time in history. Do you have to support yourself financially through other work? I don’t make anyone pay for the cost of an item or even shipping. I feel very fortunate that I have built up a substantial social media presence, so the income I use from my collaborations is the funds used to purchase these heirlooms and artifacts. What do you love about the job? The best part about this adventure has been the reactions I get from families and the stories that I’ve discovered along the way. In fact, some of the stories I’ve come across could easily be turned into a feature film or TV series. I even have an Excel sheet of all of the heirlooms and stories that I know could be a fantastic long-form scripted series. Memorializing these powerful stories and moments in history through television is something I would really love to do one day. What do you dislike about it? I know I only share the uplifting stories behind the heirlooms I’ve returned, but what people don’t realize is that I’ve handled hundreds of devastating first-hand letters and documentation from soldiers, refugees, and war victims – everything from a wife losing her husband to someone having to watch their entire family die. All of this documentation spans from the civil war to WWII. I don’t share these publicly due to their obscene nature and the fact that I wanted my heirloom project to inspire people to feel good and do good in a world that isn’t so kind. When I started this journey, I didn’t know how much death, devastation, pain, and torture I would come across. It definitely takes a mental toll. Because of that, I believe this world is innately unkind and that we need to do our best to do good and spread love in the short time we have on this earth. Do you have an interest career story to tell? Email tanyel.mustafa@metro.co.uk to feature in How I Made It. MORE : How I Made It: ‘I help people heal with horse therapy’ MORE : How I Made It: ‘I became a gold medalist Olympic rower after a stranger said I’d be good’ MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m a forensic scientist specialising in tattoo analysis’