The first five minutes of Great British Bake Off‘s all-star spin-off had viewers creasing over Emma Willis’ phallic-shaped biscuits. In Tuesday’s installment of the Stand Up To Cancer special, celebrities Clara Amfo, Blake Harrison, Alex Horne, and Emma were challenged by Prue Leith and Paul Hollywood to create animal-shaped biscuits. The former Big Brother host, 46, opted for Viennese elephant biscuits which were decorated with icing and white chocolate. While she was piping her dough, comedian and show presenter Matt Lucas checked on how she was doing but found himself distracted over Emma’s suggestive layout. ‘Now you call these elephants,’ he quipped. ‘What do you call them?’ Emma asked. Struggling to find the words, Matt retorted: ‘They don’t only remind me of elephants.’ Realising what Matt was referring to, Emma reassured him that once she adds the finishing touches ‘it will look like an elephant.’ Viewers quickly took to Twitter to address the suggestive pre-dessert shown on the screen. ‘EMMA THOSE ARE NOT ELEPHANTS,’ one shocked person wrote. Another added: ‘Emma Willis offering a little extra than an elephant #gbbo.’ ‘Watching #GBBO Emma Willis elephants look something dodgy,’ tweeted a third. ‘They look less like a willy now,’ Emma announced before Matt and Noel Fielding alerted the celebrities that time was up. Although they initially appeared a little risque, Emma’s bake hit the sweet spot with Paul congratulating her with his signature handshake. The term trust the process definitely applied here! And if that wasn’t enough, The Voice host was crowned star baker. While Noel handed her the custom apron, she said: ‘If you ask me again next year, I’ll bite your hand off to do it again.’ This year’s crop of 19 celebrities also includes Sir Mo Farah, singer Ellie Goulding and Strictly Come Dancing judge Motsi Mabuse. Former Coronation Street actress Katherine Kelly, TV presenter Laura Whitmore, comedian Ed Gamble, writer and comedian Mawaan Rizwan, TV star Ruby Wax, former radio DJ Annie Mac, singer Example, choirmaster Gareth Malone and, author Ben Miller will be showing off their talent in the famous tent. TV presenter Sophie Morgan, Friday Night Dinner’s Tracy-Ann Oberman, and musician Yung Filly complete the line-up. The Great British Bake Off: Stand Up to Cancer returns next Tuesday at 8pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up To Cancer 2022 line-up revealed: From Emma Willis and Laura Whitmore to Ellie Goulding and Sir Mo Farah MORE : https://metro.co.uk/2022/03/22/great-celebrity-bake-off-for-stand-up-to-cancer-line-up-16322574/ 