The 57-year-old man who received a pig’s heart in replacement of his own failing one has died two months after his historic transplant. David Bennett died on Tuesday, according to the University of Maryland Medical Center, which is where he received the transplant in early January and had been recovering ever since. Bennett’s health had been on the decline in recent days, though it’s unclear what caused his death. He was the first patient ever to receive an animal organ genetically modified to prevent rejection in a person. ‘We are devastated by the loss of Mr. Bennett. He proved to be a brave and noble patient who fought all the way to the end. We extend our sincerest condolences to his family,’ said Dr Bartley Griffith, the surgeon who led Bennett’s transplant. ‘Mr Bennett became known by millions of people around the world for his courage and steadfast will to live,’ Griffith said in a statement. Previous attempts at such transplants, or xenotransplantation, have largely failed because the patients’ bodies will quickly reject an animal organ. What made Bennett’s transplant unique was the use of a heart from a genetically-modified pig. Scientists had modified the pig to remove the genes that trigger the usual quick-rejection and added human genes that would help the body accept the organ. Bennett’s son, who previously told the Associated Press his father knew the experimental surgery was no guarantee, praised the hospital for its efforts. ‘We are grateful for every innovative moment, every crazy dream, every sleepless night that went into this historic effort,’ David Bennett Jr said in a statement released by the University of Maryland School of Medicine. ‘We hope this story can be beginning of hope and not the end.’ There’s a massive demand for organs in the US, with few available for those in need. Last year there were over 3,800 heart transplants in the US, a record number, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing, which oversees the country’s transplant system. A total of 41,354 Americans received a transplanted organ last year, over half of which were kidneys. Still, over 106,000 people remain on the national waiting list, and thousands die each year before being able to receive an organ. Even more Americans die before even getting added to the waiting list, considering it too much of a long shot to bother with waiting. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page