Jack Whitehall’s girlfriend Roxy Horner revealed that she ‘thought she was dying’ due to her terrifying diabetes battle. The model, 30, has praised her comedian boyfriend, 33, for helping her deal with her diagnosis of Type 1 Diabetes, which she received last May. The cause of the condition is unknown, but it can have a severe impact on the patient’s health and wellbeing if it goes untreated. Roxy has spoken out about her diagnosis for the first time in a new interview, sharing how helpful her partner has been. Speaking to The Sun, she said: ‘Jack’s been my absolute rock, he’s so lovely. ‘He was there when I got diagnosed. My parents and my family live in Australia, so he has been my family. We’re amazing. ‘I felt extremely tired and exhausted for a long time, I had no energy. I couldn’t even go for a walk, it was draining, I felt like I was dying. I was drinking four to eight litres of water a day.’ The model revealed how she was rushed to A&E, where she began suffering from memory loss, and doctors made the shock discovery that she was actually suffering from type 1 diabetes. She added: ‘It was out of nowhere. My sugar levels went down really low and I couldn’t get them back up, I couldn’t even talk to her to communicate, it was scary.’ Roxy has been suffering from symptoms of diabetes for almost three years, however they became consistently worse during lockdown. The NHS states that Type 1 diabetes causes the level of glucose (sugar) in your blood to become too high. This happens when your body cannot produce enough insulin, which controls blood glucose. Patients must inject themselves with insulin while symptoms include thirst, blurred vision, and excessive tiredness. Roxy is thought to wear a FreeStyle Libre to monitor her glucose levels so that she knows when she’s in need of insulin. She also revealed that she is trying to ‘think positively’ and to use her ‘platform’ in order to talk about the disease, and is working closely with charity Diabetes UK to ‘raise awareness’. ‘Absolutely anyone can get diabetes and before I got it I didn’t know that. The thing with Type 1 is that you normally get diagnosed as a child, so no one tested me for it as I am an adult,’ she added. ‘It’s nothing to do with your diet, it’s the fact that your body isn’t producing insulin, it’s an autoimmune disease.’ Jack and Roxy have been dating for two years and they live in Jack’s £17million mansion in Notting Hill, in west London. They were first linked at the start of 2020, and decided to move in together before the first lockdown, in March. ‘Weirdly that was quite nice because we spent a lot of time together and it accelerates the relationship in a way,’ the actor said at the time. ‘Then when lockdown ended, there’s a lot of things we discovered. We’d never gone out to see a film together. We’d never been to a restaurant in England because we met in Australia.’ Speaking to the Irishman Abroad, he also explained how he’d like to do a standup routine about their relationship. He said: ‘Since my last tour I’ve been in a long-term relationship and that’s something I feel I’ll be interested in talking about maybe on stage. ‘I’ve now got a dog and I’m spending more time travelling on my own and that always throws up situations and experiences and people you want to talk about.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pete Davidson thinks Kanye West burying alive his caricature in music video is ‘hysterical’ MORE : Kaley Cuoco supports Pete Davidson after Kanye West’s ‘disgusting’ music video 