It’s bad news for hot cross bun fans, as Greggs has announced they’re off the Easter menu for 2022. This year Easter falls on Sunday April 17, but you’ll have likely noticed chocolate eggs and bunnies on supermarket shelves for the last few months. With Lent starting yesterday and the countdown officially underway, Greggs delivered the bad news that the popular treat will not be available this time around. The bakery chain hasn’t yet announced its full seasonal menu, but revealed the omission of the raisin-dotted buns in a statement. A spokesperson for Greggs said: ‘Our Hot Cross Buns are taking a well-deserved rest from our Easter menu this year but keep an eye out for our other exciting Easter products which will be in shops soon.’ Hot cross buns have been a mainstay in years gone by, alongside chocolate crispy nests and springtime themed cupcakes. They’re traditionally eaten during the Christian holiday to mark Jesus’ crucifixion on the cross, as well as being part of the end of Lent, when people who gave up vices like sweets and bread are able to indulge in them freely again. It’s not clear why the baked goods didn’t make the cut this time around, although it’s worth knowing so you can make other arrangements if you fancy one. Despite the bad news about hot cross buns, Greggs is relaunching another product that’ll hopefully be a silver lining for carb-loving customers. The vegan sausage, bean, and cheeze melt is returning to stores after a hiatus that began in August last year due to supply chain issues. It will now be available at Greggs alongside other plant-based favourites like the vegan steak bake and sausage roll, recipes the Newcastle-based company has been perfecting over the years. Perhaps Greggs has a vegan hot cross bun in the works for next year and is keeping things under wraps until then. Either way, you’ll have to look elsewhere for a Good Friday hot-crossed pick-me-up. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The money-saving tip each star sign needs to embrace right now MORE : ‘Twee’ hair is all over TikTok right – but what is it and how can you achieve it?