A £20,000 ‘wheelchair-friendly’ lift has been installed for the Queen at her favourite Highlands cottage, it has been reported. As she celebrates 70 years on the throne, the monarch is thought to be planning to spend more time at the Craigowan Lodge on her Balmoral Estate. Previously home to Prince Charles and Diana when they visited, the seven-bedroom hideaway will also have a new security gate, a state-of-the-art intercom system and a string of CCTV cameras installed. The Queen has been less visible over the past year, having recently recovered from a bout of Covid after spending three months resting on doctors’ orders. She now regularly uses a stick and remarked during a recent Windsor audience ‘Well, as you can see, I can’t move.’ As a result, palace officials have moved to fit the Lifton Trio lift in the property, The Sun reports. A Balmoral insider told the newspaper: ‘For many years we have thought it would be the perfect place for the Queen to spend more time when she’s older. It’s one of her favourite places in the country. ‘With the proper lift and now this new security, it can effectively be sealed off so she can spend much more time there quietly in her late nineties.’ The Lifton Trio is the largest lift of its kind and can accommodate a full-sized wheelchair and carry three adults. It also means Her Majesty can reach her bedroom without having to climb the stairs. It comes just months after the royal was spotted using a walking stick for comfrot the first time as she attended a service at Westminster Abbey, marking the centenary of the Royal British Legion. Previously, she had also been seen using one for support in 2003 and 2004 after a knee operation. Fears have also been growing about her health since the 95-year-old contracted Covid-19 in February and suffered from mild, ‘cold-like’ symptoms. Last week, Metro.co.uk reported the Queen could even be forced to pull out of a thanksgiving memorial for her late husband Prince Philip, scheduled for Tuesday, March 29. Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty Magazine, said she understands why the monarch, who is turning 96 in April, is keen to spend more time on her Balmoral Estate. ‘Craigowan is one of the Queen’s favourite homes’, the royal expert said. ‘She loves being there. ‘The idea of making it easier for her so she can spend more time there in the future is a great idea. It’s a big, big house. The security makes it very safe. ‘It makes perfect sense. It’s a home she has always enjoyed and it gives her a bit of independence.’ Plans have been lodged with the local council for the new security measures to stop vehicles or tourists getting near to the cottage – which currently lies empty for most of the year. Approval for the security gate, intercom and road cameras is expected in the summer. Royal biographer Penny Junor said of the Queen: ‘I don’t think we will see her out and about as much as it’s quite clear her mobility is challenged. ‘She does love Scotland but I would not think she would use it [the cottage] year round. ‘It’s a lovely place for the summer but it’s pretty cold and bleak during the winter. But it is a very favourite place for her.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.