We are firmly in the peak price increase period for bills. Every spring, households face hikes on the majority of household bills, but this year is particularly painful. We’ve already seen hikes announced by the likes of Virgin Media, Sky, EE, BT, Shell, TalkTalk, Plusnet, Vodafone, Three and O2, alongside higher monthly repayments to come on your council tax and water bills. And we can’t forget the 54% extra on energy bills from April 1. Chances are you’re going to be paying more for every single utility. It is only really streaming subscriptions which haven’t increased — yet. And it won’t stop when you leave the house. You’ll already have had to pay more at the petrol pump, while we’re about to see an increase in transport costs that will be harder to reduce if you have to travel. Each on their own are bad enough, but together there’s going to be huge pressure on our bank balances. So this isn’t time for apathy. Put aside an hour or two and blitz through each and every one of these unavoidable expenses to see where you can save. You can’t do much right now about your council tax, though some can get a discount — including if you’re living on your own, a student, the only adult in the house, are disabled or on low income or some benefits. Those in bands A to D will also get a £150 Council Tax rebate next month to help with increased energy costs (set up a Direct Debit with your council ASAP to get this paid automatically). Sadly switching and fixing won’t help you reduce electricity and gas bills right now. Ultimately it’s how much you use that’ll define what you pay. The same goes for water bills, which you might be able to knock down if you switch to a meter. It’s easier to cut your broadband and mobile bills. As long as you are out of contract you can say goodbye and take your business to a competitor or haggle for a better deal. And keep hold of your existing phone rather than upgrade — it’ll last you longer than you think. In the case of TV like Sky and Virgin, you could axe the service completely. The main channels people watch are free-to-air, while most of the rest are available on-demand via services like Now. Charlotte Burns was the original Deals Hunter on Money Saving Expert, but has since gone onto success with her own LottyEarns.co.uk blog, twice winning Financial Blog Of The Year at the Headlinemoney Awards. And she’s just published her first book, On The Money. Andy Webb is an award-winning blogger and podcaster from Be Clever With Your Cash. Follow Andy on Twitter, YouTube and Instagram via @andyclevercash If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. MORE : Making your home gas free: how to do it and whether it can reduce your energy bills MORE : How to lower your home’s bills by understanding energy use MORE : Put foil behind your radiators and fill your freezer with water bottles: Hacks to lower your energy bills