It was all going so well during Camila Cabello’s interview on The One Show, before the singer accidentally flashed a nipple. But, in true Camila style, she laughed it off and kept her cool. The singer, 25, appeared via video link to promote her latest single Bam Bam, which features Ed Sheeran. However, when asked to demonstrate her favourite dance move from the music video, the songwriter got a bit excited. She stood up from her chair to get into position, starting off by joking that she had just eaten a sandwich and needed to unbutton her jeans. As she adjusted her patterned shirt, the Havana hitmaker accidentally showed viewers more than they were probably prepared to see, as her whole right boob was on show. The Cuban-American songstress kept it together though, joking: ‘I just flashed you, I hope you didn’t see nipple!’ Comedian Alan Carr was also a guest on the evening show and, naturally, he was in stitches and could be heard chuckling away as Camila showed off her hip wiggle. Afterwards, host Alex Jones told her: ‘There was a wardrobe malfunction. There was a flash of something, I don’t know what I saw.’ Stand-up icon Alan went on to joke that he had been ‘cyber flashed,’ after the BBC show just did an item on it. Camila saw the funny side of the whole thing, and couldn’t help but giggle. As the former Fifth Harmony member was asked about her upcoming third studio solo album, titled Familia, she spoke of how close she is to her relatives. ‘My mum is next door, possibly freaking out over my wardrobe malfunction,’ she laughed. The unfortunate moment didn’t go unnoticed by Twitter users, of course, with one teasing: ‘I thought The One Show was a family show,’ since it aired before the watershed. Camila’s fans were in hysterics, but also praised her for remaining professional and carrying on with the interview. ‘What a lovely lady, natural beauty with a lovely personality- refreshing to see !! So what if she flashed a nipple!’ one viewer wrote. ‘You don’t normally see nipples on the One Show! Bless her what a pro for carrying on. Cool as a cucumber,’ added another. Social media users particularly loved the Chatty Man’s reaction, saying Alan’s face was ‘a picture’ and his shocked expression was ‘priceless.’ ‘Alan Carr trying to hold it together is hilarious,’ one fan said. Camila Cabello and Alan Carr became the duo we didn’t know we needed during tonight’s One Show, as the Grammy winner said she ‘loves’ Alan, much to his surprise, and can’t wait to watch his new series of Interior Design Masters. She even said, since she only collaborates with artists she is a genuine fan of, she’d be down for a duet with Alan, which we can totally see topping the charts. Camila’s single Bam Bam is out now, and her album drops on April 8. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katherine Ryan defends ‘roast comedy’ while thanking Jimmy Carr in National Comedy Awards speech MORE : Ed Sheeran denies claims he ‘borrows’ from other songwriters as he appears in witness box during High Court plagiarism case 