Sunday March 27 is officially the recommended day to turn your central heating off. That means you’ve still got a couple of weeks to crank up the heat at home, but if you want to avoid extortionate bills as we move into spring and summer, you should be aiming to make this date your thermostat cut-off. ‘With the cost of living rising across the country, including higher energy price caps, many Brits will be feeling the financial squeeze,’ says Jordan Chance, heating expert from PlumbNation. ‘Although there is no single temperature at which you should turn your heating off, many aim for the time when clocks go forward, which this year falls on 27th March. ‘While many may be waiting for the temperature to change, there’s no specific temperature at which you should be turning off your heating, as it will depend on how well insulated your home is.’ He adds that well-insulated homes will retain their heat even when temperatures are low into the early spring, but every home will be different. ‘It is also important to note that leaving your heating on low all day does not reduce your heating bills,’ he says. ‘Having the heating on only as and when you need it, is the best way to save energy. Using a thermostat with a timer offers a simple and speedy solution to controlling your heating effectively.’ Your thermostat controls your home’s temperature by communicating with your boiler. Thermostats, particularly in older homes with older heating systems, can degrade over time. Jordan says this degradation can lead to delays in your boiler switching on, or your home being heated at much higher temperatures than required. ‘Upgrading your thermostat could provide for greater accuracy in thermostat to boiler communication, preventing energy from being wasted, and saving you money,’ he says. ‘Stopping heat from escaping through unwanted gaps is one of the cheapest and most effective ways to save energy and money,’ says Jordan. To draught-proof your home, Jordan says you need to primarily identify the ‘problem areas’ where draughts are causing issues, these could include doors, windows, chimneys and floorboards. ‘You can block unwanted gaps by using draught-proofing strips around your windows and doors, or flexible silicone-based filler to fill the gaps in your floorboards,’ he says. Turns out your mum was on to something when she always told you to put a jumper on. Instead of heating your home to be warm enough to walk around in shorts and a t-shirt, why not turn your thermostat down and put on an extra layer? ‘Adding clothing layers will insulate your body and make it easier to regulate your body’s temperature,’ says Jordan. ‘The more layers you wear, the less the heating will need to be on, reducing your heating bills.’ Soft furnishings, such as curtains and rugs, can make all the difference in saving money on your heating – as well as looking super chic. ‘If you have a carpeted home then it will naturally help to boost insulation; however, if you have hard flooring investing in some good quality materials, such as a plush rug, will help to prevent heat from being lost,’ says Jordan. An excessive heating bill can be easily rectified with the ‘step-down’ challenge. Jordan explains: ‘By turning your heating down by just 1°C, you can save up to 10% on your heating bill. T ‘he typical heating range is between 18- 21°C – so why don’t you see how low you can go? ‘It is also important to avoid classic thermostat faux pas. Contrary to popular belief, turning up your thermostat does not heat up your room quicker. This method will only send your energy bills skyrocketing.’ If your radiators aren’t in your weekly cleaning routine, Jordan says it’s time to add them. ‘A buildup of dust can affect your health, allergies and your heating bill,’ he says. ‘Layers of dust in your radiator can prevent heat from escaping effectively, meaning your radiators will have to work harder to warm your room.’ ‘We would recommend that you stop using your radiators to dry your clothes,’ says Jordan. ‘The clothes that you place over the top of your radiators prevent the heat from escaping and heating your room, meaning that your boiler has to pick up the slack and work at a greater rate – increasing costs. ‘Similarly, the increase in the air’s moisture can create condensation, leading to potential issues with mould and dampness.’ ‘Bleeding your radiator is essential in preventing the efficiency of your radiator from decreasing, as a result of air entering your heating system,’ sys Jordan. He adds that the quickest way to check if air has entered your heating system is to turn your central heating on and feel your radiator. ‘If the radiator is warm at the bottom but cold at the top this is generally a sign that air is present.’ If your boiler is ageing and has seen better days, there’s a strong chance it won’t be working as efficiently as it once was. Jordan says defective boilers can increase your heating bill massively as they will need to work significantly harder to bring your home up to the desired temperature. ‘We recommend that you get your boiler serviced every 12 months (preferably before the winter season), to ensure that your boiler is running efficiently and safely,’ he says. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to stay on top of your household bills amid the latest price hikes MORE : Women spend 40% more time on unpaid labour – like housework and childcare – than men MORE : Woman transforms dull home office into vibrant working space