London has seen a huge amount of building work in the last decade, but the capital’s transformation isn’t done yet. The city’s skyline will be thick with cranes this year, with a series of landmark regeneration projects underway or set to start soon. These are mainly focused on neighbourhoods in south and east London like North Greenwich, Poplar and South Bermondsey. Plus the makeover of Battersea is set to continue with more huge developments planned. Here’s what’s in the works: Average price: £403,780 What’s new: Now that Bermondsey is officially trendy, investment is starting to pour into the semi-industrial backwater to the south. There are plans for a long-awaited London Overground station to put the area on the (Tube) map, and Millwall Football Club has plans to redevelop its stadium with new shops, restaurants and a sports centre. Meanwhile, developer Renewal is still waiting to see if its application for 3,500 new homes, including a trio of landmark skyscrapers, will be given planning permission but has pencilled in a 2023 start date if it is. A third of the homes will be affordable and earmarked for priced-out first time buyers and squeezed renters, and the site will also include a sports complex, walking and cycle routes, a network of public spaces, shops, bars, cafes, and restaurants. Pros and cons: As well as new homes there are some good streets of period terraced houses – expect to pay around £700,000 to £750,000. Most of the flats in the area are in slightly dated blocks, but they are well priced by central London standards. You could pick up a two-bedroom flat for around £350,000. Light on good local bars, cafés, and shops, but its location – sandwiched between Deptford, Peckham, and Bermondsey – means you won’t be short of things to do. Average price: £414,370 What’s new: Call The Midwife country has had a real facelift over the past decade. The brutalist landmark Balfron Tower has been redeveloped as high-end flats, and there are plans for a £280million redevelopment of Chrisp Street Market. Regeneration of the scruffy old Alberfeldy Estate – now rebranded Alberfeldy Village – is well underway with close to 900 new flats already built or under construction. Prices start at £427,000 for a one-bedroom flat and from £561,000 for a two-bedroom flat. And a planning application for another 1,600 homes, a new high street, park and square, was lodged in November last year. Pros and cons: Great location just north of Canary Wharf and an awful lot cheaper – even though prices have gone up a whopping 3.4% in the past year. The High Street has a reasonable selection of useful shops, and there is green space in the form of Bartlett Park and Poplar Recreation Ground. Change is coming, but right now the whole area still looks and feels pretty shabby. Average price: £907,290 What’s new: When Battersea Power Station opens in the summer its turbine halls will be filled with around 100 new shops and restaurants – brands such as Hugo Boss, Uniqlo, Space NK, Kiehl’s, and Jo Malone have already signed up. Meanwhile, a huge £1.4billion estate regeneration programme was green lit in 2021, which will provide up to 2,500 new homes on the old York Gardens and Winstanley Road estates. Around a third are designated as ‘affordable’ and aimed at first-time buyers and priced-out renters. Pros and cons: Great transport links, including the newly opened Battersea Power Station stop. Battersea Park provides top-notch green space. Already lots going on in the railway arches around the power station, which have been repurposed as shops, restaurants, a cinema, and a theatre. Excellent schools. As regeneration zones go this is on the expensive side – an average flat will set you back £727,000 and a house £1.75million. Average price: £558,650 What’s new: The waterfront around the O2 Centre has changed almost beyond recognition in recent years, and that transformation is creeping steadily southward. Morden Wharf is the last major piece in the redevelopment of the Greenwich Peninsula and will bridge the gap between it and Greenwich Village. Last year developer U+I won planning permission to redevelop the circa six-acre site with up to 1,500 homes in 12 towers. A third of the homes will be affordable, and there will also be a park and space for small creative businesses. A spokeswoman said work will start next year, with the first homes going on sale in 2024. Pros and cons: Well located, and with lots of modern amenities and some amazing river views. Prices are up almost 5% in the last year, and you will pay a huge premium if you want a river view. Much better value is found just inland. Average price: £417,540 What’s new: The Victoria, Albert, and King George V docks – once the beating heart of London’s shipping industry – are the focal points of a £5billion rebirth of a wider swathe of east London, from Canning Town to North Woolwich, which will one day be home to some 50,000 people. In October, developer Ballymore submitted a planning application for another 1,600 homes and is already working on another major Royal Docks project – Riverscape, a collection of 769 flats in ten blocks close to the Thames Barrier Park. Prices start at £399,950 for a one-bedroom flat and the first residents will move in next year. Pros and cons: Regeneration around the docks is well underway and there’s loads to do, and later this year residents will be able to hop aboard Crossrail, from Custom House station. Prices have grown 4.6% in the last year, but although there is plenty of open space there’s not much in the way of green space, and proximity to London City Airport means aircraft noise might be an issue. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Only house in Cornish village to survive being shelled by the Spanish Armada up for sale at £750,000 MORE : Five £1,000,000 houses demolished before anyone ever lived in them MORE : Property expert Carys Davies shares how to sell your house for more money