Jason Momoa has spoken out about estranged wife Lisa Bonet for the first time since announcing their split, and there are clearly no hard feelings. The Aquaman star revealed his marriage to the former Cosby Show actress had come to an end in January after five years and a total of 16 years together. This week, Jason, 42, flew over to New York City to support Lisa’s daughter Zoe Kravitz at the premiere of her new movie The Batman, proving he is still on great terms with his stepdaughter. He went a step further on the red carpet and addressed the state of his relationship with Lisa, 54, who did not attend the star-studded bash. Speaking to Entertainment Tonight, Jason said: ‘We’re just so proud. Lisa couldn’t be here so we’re representing, me and the babies. We’re very excited to just be here. … It’s still family, you know?’ Jason was referring to his and Lisa’s children, Lola, 14, and Nakoa-Wolf, 13, who joined him on the red carpet. It’s the first time the Game of Thrones actor has mentioned Lisa since posting their split announcement on social media. In the joint statement shared on January 12, the pair explained: ‘We have all felt the squeeze and changes of these transformational times… A revolution is unfolding ~and our family is of no exception… feeling and growing from the seismic shifts occurring. ‘And so~ We share our Family news~ That we are parting ways in marriage. We share this not because we think it’s newsworthy ~ ‘But so that~ as we go about our lives we may do so with dignity and honesty.’ They continued: ‘The love between us carries on, evolving in ways it wishes to be known and lived. We free each other ~to be who we are learning to become… ‘Our devotion unwavering to this sacred life & our Children. Teaching our Children What’s possible ~ Living the Prayer May Love Prevail ✨ J & L.’ The pair began dating in 2005 after meeting through mutual friends at a jazz club. Sources have since claimed that Jason and Lisa have reconciled with him reportedly moving back into the family home, but neither have confirmed the claims. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Phillip Schofield shares tickets to the gun show as he shows off results of arm day workouts MORE : Kanye West fires third divorce lawyer ahead of showdown with Kim Kardashian over single status 