Manchester United need to convince Mauricio Pochettino he’s their top target if they are to make the PSG boss their next permanent manager, according to reports. Following PSG’s last-16 Champions League exit to Real Madrid the Argentine’s future at the French club looks to be in serious doubt. Should Pochettino be given the boot he won’t be short of offers but the Daily Mail claim United need to convince him he’s their first choice to replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick in the summer. The Red Devils are long-term admirers of the former Tottenham manager but ahead of a crucial appointment at the end of the season, they are also showing consideration to Ajax’s Erik ten Hag and Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti. Having been overlooked in the past for the United job, Pochettino now wants assurances club officials do see him as the man capable of bringing the glory days back to Old Trafford. Any move to bring Pochettino to the club will be made a lot easier if PSG wield the axe, and given his failure to deliver a maiden Champions League trophy, there are suggestions his time in the French capital could soon be up. PSG owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi said after the defeat to Real Madrid: ‘The present is all I can deal with. As for the future, what will be will be.’ Pochettino has remained coy on links with United so far but it’s thought he would be keen to return to the Premier League – his family have also remained in England these last 14 months while he’s stayed in a Paris hotel. Before PSG were knocked out of the Champions League, United legend Gary Neville suggested Ten Hag would be considered the more favourable option. ‘Manchester United need a longer term approach for a manager, they’re not going to appoint a short-term manager like they did with Jose [Mourinho]. They went against the grain with that and won’t do it again,’ he told Sky Sports. ‘They want to appoint Ten Hag or Pochettino, a young, up and coming manager for the long-term. They can’t put all their eggs in one basket. ‘I suspect they’re favouring Ten Hag for what they want moving forward, but they won’t appoint Rangnick – he was only ever coming in for five months, gathering information around the structure of the club, the people at the club and at the end of the season he’ll hand over his report and move into a consultancy role next season, with the club either taking his advice or not. ‘I think a lot of things he’ll have to say about the players in that dressing room won’t be favourable. ‘They’ve got a real risk with Pochettino. Paris Saint-Germain could let him go if they get knocked out of the Champions League, but if they go and win it then it’s harder for United to go and get him because PSG don’t need the money, they’ll just hold onto him.’ MORE : Manchester United among six clubs to register interest in Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel MORE : Man Utd hero Darren Fletcher working with Ralf Rangnick’s blessing to solve dressing room tensions For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 