A schizophrenic killer who murdered his ex because he believed she was a transgender paedophile has been jailed for life. Charles Byrne strangled and stabbed Cristina Rowe, 28, before stuffing her body into a suitcase and dumping it in the River Severn. The 25-year-old then attempted to kill her daughter by strangling her and smashing her head on the floor. Worcester Crown Court heard how the young victim was woken by her mother’s screams before being attacked at their home in the city. She lay unconscious as Byrne loaded the suitcase into his mother’s car and weighed it down with bricks before dropping it into the water. Byrne returned to the house with a shovel intending to bury the young girl but found she had regained consciousness and had returned to bed where she was pretending to sleep. The ‘dangerous’ killer spared the child when he re-entered the property and later said he told himself he would ‘rather go to jail’ than kill her. Byrne previously admitted the manslaughter of Christina Rowe by diminished responsibility and the attempted murder of her child between February 9 and 10, 2021, after he had ‘lost his temper’. The court was told the defendant had gone to Ms Rowe’s home because of his delusional belief that she was a ‘transgender paedophile’ who was ‘harbouring a young child’. The judge told Byrne, formerly of Waterworks Road, Worcester: ‘Your attack on Ms Rowe caused her young daughter to wake up alarmed by her mother’s screams. ‘The little girl went downstairs where she saw her mother’s corpse in the suitcase. ‘Your instinct was not that you had saved her from Ms Rowe but that you should now kill the girl. ‘I am sure that you intended to kill her because she was a witness to the killing of her mother. ‘These were… appalling offences of the upmost gravity. ‘I have no doubt whatsoever that you are a very dangerous man.’ In a victim impact statement read to the court by prosecutor Michael Burrows QC, Ms Rowe’s sister Stephanie said: ‘In time I will heal, but not any time soon. ‘Life will no longer be the same. We will all have to live with the fact that Charles Byrne is alive and my sister is not. ‘We feel as though we have been ‘Byrned’ alive. I just want to wake up and end this nightmare.’ Sentencing Byrne to life with a minimum sentence of 16 years on Friday, Mr Justice Pepperall told the defendant he would be sent back to Ashworth high-security hospital for treatment for his paranoid schizophrenia. He will then be moved to a regular prison if he sufficiently recovers from his condition. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.