David Tennant left Comic Relief 2022 viewers heartbroken with an emotional speech about the war in Ukraine, as he pleaded with people to donate. The Doctor Who actor admitted he felt ‘helpless’ amid the Russian invasion, as he introduced a video of a little girl in Ukraine singing Let It Go from Frozen. ‘There’s [the crisis in] Ukraine and I don’t know about you but I find it very hard to see past that at the moment,’ he admitted, saying the video ‘broke his heart’. ‘I think it hit me because I feel so helpless because there’s a wee girl in a basement singing the same song that my kids grew up singing,’ he added. ‘It’s so scary and it’s so wrong,’ David, 50, said of the conflict. Speaking about the importance of Comic Relief, David went on: ‘Once a year we do this thing together that reaches across borders and it reaches out to strangers.’ He finished by saying: ‘I’m saying thank you – I’m also saying please,’ pleading with viewers to donate. David was widely praised by viewers for his candid speech, with one writing: ‘David Tennant’s just managed to make the whole country cry.’ ‘Wow what a moving piece from David Tennant,’ another said, with one more adding: ‘Once again, each year…we do this thing…that reaches out across borders…that reaches out to strangers’ YES @comicrelief #RedNoseDay and David Tennant. A dignified, quiet note on what it means to be part of #teamhumanity.’ David hosted Comic Relief 2022 alongside Alesha Dixon, Paddy McGuinness and Sir Lenny Henry, with Zoe Ball being forced to miss the show due to contracting Covid-19. Even though the radio star couldn’t join in with the festivities in person, she assured fans that she’d be tuning in at home like the rest of us – with Britain’s Got Talent judge Alesha covering her absence. Comic Relief is available to watch on BBC iPlayer now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Comic Relief 2022 viewers puzzled as show ‘hit with technical blunder’ 20 minutes in during Magic Goes Wrong MORE : Comic Relief 2022: A timeline of Matt Lucas and David Walliams’ feud 