If you’re starting out in skincare, it can seem like an overwhelming place to be. With words like exfoliators, azelaic acid, beta-hydroxyls and more flying around, skincare has never been more complicated. However, instead of stretching yourself out too thinly across a million products, stripping away the complexities and bringing it back to basics can really help you start out with taking care of your skin in the best way you want to. Rebecca Dallimore, founder of British sustainable skincare brand Scintilla, says that starting a skincare routine can be a bit daunting. ‘A simple Google search can result in an extremely daunting list of products and all their benefits,’ she says. ‘So, a good place to start is to think about how you want your skin to feel – I wanted my skin to be clean, hydrated and bright.’ Finding out your skin type is also key to ensuring lasting results. KerryLou Herbert, aesthetician at Omniya Clinic says that ‘majority of people’ will have combination skin. ‘This is the most common skin type with an oily T-zone (chin, forehead and nose),’ she says. However, external factors – such as environment, weather and lifestyle all play an important role. There are also a few signs to look out for to see what sort of skin you might have. ‘If you’re squeezing the skin with two fingers and the skin appears crepey – this can indicate dehydration,’ she says. ‘Flaky/rough skin texture can indicate dry skin and build up, and breakouts or shine can indicate oily skin.’ Once you get the gist of what you want to achieve, it then becomes easier to ‘tackle other issues’ such as acne, dark spots, wrinkles or more with additional or different products. Then, it comes down to putting a skincare routine together. The key to this is to start with a simple routine which comes down to three steps: When starting out, experiment with gentle products at first to give your skin some time to adjust. ‘Look for foams, milks or gels that have a simple, natural formulation,’ says Rebecca. ‘Using a non-acidic, light soap cleanser will help with removing dirt and make-up, leaving the skin feeling fresh and clean.’ KerryLou says to double-cleanse twice a day – this involves using two cleansing products one after the other in the morning and the evening. This is to ensure a deeper clean and help brighten skin too. Moisturising all comes down to your skin type. Choosing the right cream for your skin can make all the difference. According to Rebecca, if your skin is on the drier side, look for water-based creams that have additional oil content. ‘This type of moisturiser means you’re adding water for hydration, but also adding oils to help protect from water loss,’ she says. On the other hand, a gel-cream might be better for oily skin – these have greater water content and will better balance with the natural oils already in your skin. When starting out, it’s easy to get confused with the thousands of products out there. Rebecca says that there are two broad types of treatment to look at starting with. ‘You can either look to include treatment-based products (such as a dedicated eye cream or a skin barrier cream) or a serum that complements your moisturiser,’ she says. If you’re not ready to start with treatment heavy products yet, then you can start with what you know – such as using a richer night cream, sleep mask or night oil. Don’t leave your sun-cream for just sunny holidays in Spain. It’s definitely one of the most effective ways to protect your skin and keep it healthy – no matter what your skin type. The most important benefit of sun-cream is that it reduces the likelihood of developing skin cancers such as Melanomas. Simply applying a layer in the morning after your skincare is one of the best things you can do for your skin. Ultimately, the key to starting with skincare is keeping it simple. If you have too many steps, or too many products, you just won’t stick to it. It’s also a way to save money – long-winded routines with not much experience can sometimes hit the bank account which makes you less likely to stick to it. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Slugging is the hot new skincare trend on TikTok – but how does it work? MORE : Should you be adding a few sauna sessions to your skincare routine? MORE : Experts explain why you should never store your skincare in the bathroom