Maksim Chmerkovskiy has finally managed to leave Ukraine after he was arrested in his home country. The Dancing With The Stars professional has been documenting his ordeal on social media since Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an invasion on Ukraine last Thursday. After being detained by police, Chmerkovskiy, 42, revealed he had boarded a train and was en route to Poland. In his Instagram stories, the dancer explained: ‘I made it on the train. We’re heading to Warsaw (hopefully). Train to Lviv was not an option. The situation at the train station is insane. AT first it feels manageable, but it gets a lot worse when it comes time to actually board the train. Long story but all I can say now is that I’m a big man with nothing but a backpack it’s traumatising.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live He added: ‘Currently, I’m in a cabin with 4 adults and 7 kids (ages 2-11) which usually is only occupied by maximum of 3 people. There’s usually up to 30 people in this particular wagon. We were told we have to fit 135. Walkways are packed. People everywhere. It’s sweaty and claustrophobic.’ Chmerkovskiy revealed he was ‘finally broken’ when he witnessed an eight-year-old boy ‘hysterically crying’ and not wanting to part ways with his father who was staying behind in Ukraine to fight against the Russian army. He recalled: ‘Verbatim: “If you stay I want to stay too because if they kill you I won’t be able to help”.’ The Ukrainian-born star lives in the US with his wife and fellow Dancing with the Stars professional Peta Murgatroyd with their five-year-old son Shai. Chmerkovskiy did not reveal specifically how he was able to get on the train, but he previously said he has ‘options’ that put him in a better position than most. ‘I’m going to try to make my way out, start trying to get close to the border,’ he earlier informed his Instagram followers. ‘I’m just trying to stay focused. I have options. My options are better than most people’s, unfortunately. I’m a little nervous to be honest with you, but I think it’s going to be all right. Well, I know it’s going to be okay.’ Sharing how he was detained by police, Chmerkovskiy said at the time: ‘The streets are crazy. At one point I got arrested but again all good, promise.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price reveals she tried to take her own life before seeking help at Priory: ‘The kids saved me’ MORE : The Batman among blockbuster movies pulled from release in Russia with Hollywood standing against Ukraine invasion 