A cruise passenger has been handed a four-figure payout after a worker returned to his room after delivering a pizza — and repeatedly asked him if he was ‘sure’ he wasn’t gay. Lewis Meehan, 27, says he was propositioned after he dialled room service aboard the Britannia, a P&O Cruises ship, in the early hours of January 23. The nightclub manager from Nottingham says a staff member delivered his food, but then returned, saying he needed payment. Footage allegedly shows what followed — with the waiter repeatedly asking Lewis if he is ‘sure’ he is straight after entering his room. Lewis made a complaint soon after, and it is claimed that the man was removed from the ship at the next stop on the Caribbean trip. Carnival UK, which owns P&O Cruises, has since made a payout to Lewis, understood to be in the thousands. Lewis said of the ordeal: ‘It was just so unexpected — it totally ruined our holiday. My sister was really scared by it.’ The Nottingham Forest fan said he returned to his cabin after celebrating a match win and called room service to order a pepperoni pizza. He answered the door in his boxers when the food arrived — and was bemused when the steward allegedly told him he had a nice body. He claims the staff member then phoned his room to say he would need to come back to take payment, which he thought odd. Lewis decided to set up his phone to film just before the man arrived and caught what happened on camera. Although the footage only shows the ceiling, the waiter can be heard asking Lewis if he can come in — before enquiring about his sexuality. The football supporter replies that he is straight, to which the staff member repeatedly asks if he’s ‘sure’. Lewis said: ‘I was bigger than him and felt OK handling the situation, but I worried about it happening to someone more vulnerable.’ He claims a company spokesperson apologised after he complained and he was told the waiter was kept in his cabin following the incident. Carnival UK said: ‘We take any allegation of improper behaviour extremely seriously and we are conducting a thorough investigation.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.