The draw for the quarter-finals of the FA Cup has seen the big three teams still left in the competition – Chelsea, Manchester City and Liverpool – all avoid each other. There were yet more giant killings in the fifth round of the Cup with Championship side Middlesbrough knocking out Antonio Conte’s Tottenham after an entertaining tie at the Riverside Stadium on Tuesday night. Chelsea twice went behind against Luton Town a day later but goals from Timo Werner and Romelu Lukaku in the second half saw them secure a 3-2 victory – though the headlines afterwards were all about Roman Abramovich’s decision to sell the club. The Champions League holders will now travel to Middlesbrough looking to avoid becoming the latest big scalp to be picked off by Boro, who also knocked out Manchester United at Old Trafford on penalties. There was no drama for Manchester City, who comfortably saw off Peterborough, while Liverpool overcame fellow Premier League side Norwich City with relative ease despite Lukas Rupp’s late goal for the Canaries. Despite being in the race to finish in the top four this season, West Ham’s Cup run ended away to Southampton – and the Saints now face a monumental test against Premier League champions City – while Crystal Palace did enough to scrape past Stoke. There is still one more tie to be played, with Huddersfield travelling to Nottingham Forest on Monday night, while Everton overcame non-league Boreham Wood on Thursday evening. The Toffees will now travel to Selhurst Park in the quarter-final, while new Carabao Cup holders Liverpool visit the winner of the all-Championship battle between Forest and Huddersfield. The FA Cup quarter-finals will take place between Friday 18 March and Monday 21 March, with a number of Premier League and Championship games being moved as a result. Liverpool had been due to host Manchester United that weekend, but that match will now need to be rearranged, while Chelsea’s Premier League trip to Carrow Road to face Norwich has been brought forward to Thursday 10 March. The teams who progress to the semi-finals will travel to Wembley on either Saturday 16 April or Sunday 17 April, with the final of the FA Cup taking place a month later on Saturday 14 May. MORE : Folarin Balogun mocks Tottenham after helping Middlesbrough knock Antonio Conte’s side out of the FA Cup MORE : Alan Shearer slams ‘too nice’ Chelsea star as Blues edge FA Cup win over Luton Town For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 