A van driver was miraculously left with only minor injuries after flipping over a motorway crash barrier and into the path of oncoming traffic. Dramatic dashcam footage shows the moment the grey vehicle van crossed the divide on the M40 — and landed in the outside lane and hitting another van. Barry, who has asked that his surname not be used, was driving his own white van on the motorway at around 6.05am yesterday morning when he was forced to take evasive action. He was in the overtaking lane close to the Gaydon Interchange, near Birmingham, when the dramatic incident unfolded. Barry, 65, a driver for kitchen and bathroom firm Lark & Larks Ltd, had just enough time to swerve and the grey van hurtled towards him. This meant there was only a minor collision and — remarkably — both drivers were left largely unscathed. However, both vehicles were badly damaged. Barry’s vehicle dashcam caught the whole ordeal on camera — and the footage shows just how close he came to disaster. Martin Larkin, 52, operations director at Larks & Larks Ltd said he was thankful all was well. ‘It was one of our drivers who was on the receiving end of the crash,’ he said. ‘Barry was pretty shaken up but he appears to be OK. ‘He and the other driver both managed to walk away from it. He took the afternoon off to go to the doctors for a check over. ‘He said the other guy walked away from the accident with just a cut on his face and a cut on his hand — which is unbelievable, really, when you look at the footage. ‘He was lucky to avoid the HGV driver that was in front of Barry. It could have been a lot worse. ‘The ambulance took the other driver away to the hospital for observation but he seemed to be OK. ‘Our van took significant damage to the front, and was left with a big hole in the side panel a couple of metres in length. ‘We’re waiting to hear whether that’s fixable and how much it will cost. ‘But I’m just glad our driver seems to be OK. He’s got a day off work today anyway, so we’ll check in on him later on.’ Lanes were closed while authorities worked to clear the scene and repair the crash barrier. West Midlands Ambulance Service said it was called to the scene, between junctions 12 and 13, at 6.09am. ‘One ambulance and a paramedic officer attended the scene,’ a statement added. ‘On arrival we discovered one patient, a man, who was the [grey] van driver. ‘He was treated for minor injuries before being taken to Warwick Hospital for further assessment.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.