Kylie Jenner revealed that postpartum life since welcoming son Wolf ‘has not been easy’ in a candid video, as she opened up about feeling ‘pressured’. The 24-year-old welcomed her second child with boyfriend Travis Scott, 30, last month, and has kept a low profile ever since. Taking to Instagram, the Lip Kit mogul opened up about mom life in a string of clips on her story, explaining that she has found it tough. ‘I just want to say to my postpartum moms that postpartum has not been easy,’ she began. ‘It’s not been easy. It’s very hard. This experience for me personally has been a little harder than with my daughter. ‘It’s not easy mentally, physically, spiritually. It’s just crazy. I didn’t want to just get back to life without saying that. ‘I think we can look on the internet and for other moms going through it right now, we can go on the internet and it might look a lot easier for other people and put the pressure on us, but it hasn’t been easy for me. It’s been hard. ’I just wanted to say that. I didn’t even think I’d make it to this workout today but I’m here and I’m feeling better. So you got this. It’s okay not to be okay.’ Kylie added: ‘Once I realised that I was putting some pressure on myself, I just keep reminding myself I made a whole human, beautiful healthy boy. ‘We have to stop putting pressure on ourselves to be back – not even physically, just mentally – after birth. Just sending some love. Love you guys.’ The reality star started dating rapper Travis, real name Jacques Webster, in 2017, and welcomed their daughter Stormi the following year. The reality star gave birth to baby Wolf on February 2, the day after daughter Stormi’s fourth birthday. They briefly split two years later but soon reunited, announcing their baby news last year. Kylie confirmed newborn’s arrival on Instagram last month, with a black-and-white photo of Stormi clutching his hand, but has stepped back from the spotlight in recent weeks. Momager Kris Jenner was on hand to spill the beans about his arrival, during a recent appearance on the Ellen Show. ‘He’s so cute,’ she told the host. ‘It’s amazing I was in the hospital when he was born. It was me, and Kylie, and Travis. ‘Because they have rules and regulations now so you can only have so many people. ‘Back in the day I had like 15 people when I was giving birth it was like a party, but now it’s very controlled.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : EastEnders’ classic iPlayer episodes to continue with 2010 after 2009 ends MORE : Britain’s Got Talent star Nabil Abdulrashid whacked friend’s dad with a bag of faeces 