The investigation into Madeleine McCann’s disappearance could soon end, it has been claimed. Operation Grange was launched by Scotland Yard four years after Maddie vanished from a holiday apartment in Portugal. She had been sleeping in the same room as her twin brother and sister while their parents dined at a tapas bar nearby. Despite extensive searches and various police investigations, she has never been found. Scotland Yard was given an extra £350,000 last July to allow a team of detectives to look into new lines of enquiry. The total cost of investigations had been estimated to sit at £12.5 million. But now, Operation Grange is reportedly disbanding. A source told The Sun: ‘The end of the road for Operation Grange is now in sight. ‘The team’s work is expected to be completed by autumn. ‘There are currently no plans to take the inquiry any further.’ The Sun also reports that Maddie’s parents, Gerry and Kate, have vowed to keep searching. The wider investigation into the disappearance had seemingly turned a corner last year, when ‘prime suspect’ Christian B was revealed. Christian B is currently in prison for raping a 72-year-old woman in Portugal in 2005. He was said to have repeatedly worked at holiday apartments near to where Maddie went missing. But the suspect – who German police claimed they had ‘concrete evidence’ on – has never been charged over her disappearance. And now there are growing doubts that he ever will be. In recent years, the Grange team had reduced in size from 40 staff to just four. Last night, Met detective chief inspector Mick Neville told the Sun that there are ‘still excellent lines of inquiry.’ He added: ‘There are still leads to be followed, with social media images and any CCTV footage from the time.’ In May last year, Gerry and Kate released a statement saying they would never give up hope. They said: ‘The Covid pandemic has made this year even more difficult for many reasons but thankfully the investigation to find Madeleine and her abductor has continued. ‘We hang on to the hope, however small, that we will see Madeleine again. As we have said repeatedly, we need to know what has happened to our lovely daughter, no matter what. ‘We are very grateful to the police for their continued efforts.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.