Pixar’s latest film release on Disney Plus, Turning Red, puts the female experience of puberty front and centre with 13-year-old protagonist Mei (voiced by Rosalie Chiang), who finds herself turning into a giant red panda when faced with a particularly stressful or emotional experience. As well as that metaphor, the film also shows her mother Ming (Sandra Oh) making a direct reference to periods, and the fantasy-based fan art of a teenager obsessing over her boy band crush – so far, so reasonable you would think. However, the film has been met with fierce backlash from some viewers, who have slammed it online via social media and in the audience review section of Rotten Tomatoes. ‘Offensive and disrespectful’, offers one such review, while a second goes for ‘disgusting’. ‘Inappropriate and should not be anywhere near children,’ decries an unhappy viewer. ‘It makes me sick that Disney believes children should be subjected to things like this,’ blasts another. ‘If you are a parent, do NOT let your child watch this.’ It appears that Turning Red’s groundbreaking tackling of puberty and periods from a female perspective is sticking in people’s craws – but it is long overdue. For years, the teenage experience has been a veritable goldmine for TV, film and popular culture, from American Pie to the Brat Pack films of the 1980s. Even animal transformation as a device for suggesting developing sexual maturity isn’t anything new, with TV shows like Teen Wolf reeling in fans a few years ago via that furry phenomenon. The one thing all of these have in common though, is how much they tend to focus on the male point of view – and if girls are involved, it certainly doesn’t go as far as to discuss periods. Cher’s iconic announcement that she’s ‘surfing the crimson wave’ in 1995’s Clueless remains one of the best-known clear references to menstruation in cinema – until Turning Red. Turning Red is also careful to keep things age appropriate for an animation aimed at kids, which is another thing sorely lacking. Michaela Coel was praised for normalising periods in 2020’s I May Destroy You, with the show depicting everything from tampons and pads to blood clots and period sex. Big Mouth has Jessie get her first period while wearing white shorts on a school trip to the Statue of Liberty (the stuff of nightmares), while Orange Is The New Black had plenty of reminders of the issues of menstruating while incarcerated. There’s also graphic horror Carrie and Brooke Shields panicking in The Blue Lagoon, but none of these are really appropriate for younger kids. This was the gap for Turning Red to nicely fill, but why are some parents and viewers having such an issue with the film’s content? ‘Because for a very long time, periods have been stigmatised as something dirty, which should be hidden from public view and kept behind closed doors,’ Mika Simmons, actress and host of The Happy Vagina podcast, exclusively told Metro.co.uk. ‘This stigmatisation around women’s menstrual cycles is born out of fear created by lack of knowledge and misunderstandings of women’s bodies. In fact, we should all be bowing down to the period – as it is from this all life begins.’ Metro.co.uk also spoke to experts in film and health, as well as mothers, to gather opinions on the movie’s themes and how they’re handled. Dr Gareth Nye, a lecturer in maternal and fetal health, who watched the film with his five-year-old daughter, says we have a problem nationally with discussing women’s health openly. ‘My area of teaching is maternal and fetal health and pregnancy related topics so I’m obviously aware of how information is shared. It’s exactly the same with menopause and women’s conditions like endometriosis. There is a reluctance to talk openly about these topics, particularly if you’re male! ‘Often when a period is mentioned on TV it’s to have a laugh at or to use it as a reason for a woman to be acting one way or another, which isn’t healthy either.’ He didn’t have any issue with the film’s content, as his youngster could appreciate Mei’s (it must be said, very fluffy) panda transformation on a different level. ‘Even though adults get the theme and the subtext, my five-year-old related it to showing your emotions and not hiding how you feel, which is also a strong message that’s been ignored in the debate around the film.’ While Dr Nye admitted he’s not so keen on the fact it ‘may show hiding things from parents is a good thing to get what you want’, he added: ‘I don’t understand why Inside Out was so positively received but this one, which touches, on similar issues isn’t?’ Tannice Hemming, freelance writer at Hemming Communications and mother of six-year-old Sienna – with whom she has already discussed periods – agreed that the backlash hasn’t been there for other Pixar films. ‘No one made a big deal about Luca, which was a similar coming of age story,’ she pointed out. ‘Let’s educate our daughters and sons about what periods are  and how to support someone through them. It shouldn’t be dirty or taboo. It’s normal and healthy, and knowing about it early is helpful. Becoming a woman is amazing and sometimes annoying and painful, we owe it to our children to educate them!’ Parenting journalist Catherine Ball was one who took the educational opportunity Turning Red offered for her youngest child. She revealed: ‘I watched it with all four of my girls, aged four, seven, 10 and 12, and they all loved it. It was a great opportunity to be open with them too. Why should we pretend periods don’t exist? My little one did ask about the bit where they mentioned pads and I just gave a really quick and simple explanation – no embarrassment at all!’ Someone who did suffer embarrassment, however, was Danielle Jones’ husband, who watched it with their six-year-old daughter. The journalist and digital marketer, 36, admitted: ‘My husband is pretty old school and we’ve already had some conversations about how to broach the whole issue of puberty with our children as they get older. I’m all for doing it sooner rather than later and he just wants to avoid it for as long as possible. ‘When they were watching the film I was in the kitchen and he came dashing in and said, “You could have warned me! This film has stuff about periods in! I don’t want to be having to explain that to her!” I basically told him to calm down and I would wait to see if she had any questions afterwards at all. After the film finished, I asked her if she had any thoughts about what she had seen and she didn’t even bring it up, [she] just kept talking about the cute red pandas.’ Jones said she would have happily gone into more detail had her daughter wanted to, especially as she remembers learning about periods from Canadian TV show Ready Or Not. ‘I plan on sitting down with her when she turns seven and running her though it all anyway. My husband is all about ‘protecting her innocence’ but personally I think there’s no point hiding it at all.’ Other mums of daughters saw their girls enjoy the film without being aware of its allusion to puberty. ‘To be honest, neither she nor I even realised it was about puberty per se,’ said Clare O’Reilly, mother of an 11-year-old girl, adding: ‘I don’t think it’s exclusive at all, it’s a typical Disney Pixar [film] about battling to fit in, find your place, whether to be different or the same as everyone else. We both loved it and would definitely watch it again.’ Another parent, journalist and primary school governor Sarah Lewis, 50, revealed that her young daughter was ‘really more focused on the red panda cuteness’, although she explained the menstruation metaphor to her. ‘She thought the crush on the boy was a bit silly, but then she’s eight,’ she added. As for the movie’s message? ‘I’m delighted [the film tackles periods]. It is part of life,’ Lewis stressed. ‘I hope we’re past the days when girls think they’re dying when their periods start. There are still too many men who have no comprehension of periods. It deals with the subject in an approachable way. ‘I’ve seen some of the negative comments about it and think those people need to get a grip.’ Dr Alice Guilluy is deputy leader of postgraduate programmes at MetFilm School, and researches and teaches on gender in film. She thinks the controversy surrounding Turning Red and the overall lack of representation of periods on film is ‘a reflection of our societies’ constant policing of women’s bodies, from diets and unattainable beauty standards to the struggle for trans rights and reproductive rights’. ‘Periods are almost constantly represented as shameful, and menstruating individuals as monstrous: think about the horrifying period scene in Carrie, but also the supposedly romantic scene in No Strings Attached in which a group of grown-up women (all of whom are doctors!) are reduced to cupcake-guzzling and incapable of forming complete sentences.’ She celebrated the Pixar animation, directed by Domee Shi, who was responsible for the well-received 2018 short Bao, for ‘using the monster stereotype to turn this on its head’. ‘Periods become empowering, rather than debilitating,’ Dr Guilluy explained. ‘The scholar Kathleen Rowe has famously written about how threatening ‘unruly women’ are to the patriarchal order – especially when their bodies don’t conform to extremely narrow standards. The uproar around Turning Red is, in my view, a testament to this.’ Although the children and teenagers of 2022 have Turning Red as cultural touchstone when it comes to menstruation, what would it have meant to adult women now to have a movie of its ilk around when they were younger? ‘I was a 13-year-old girl in the 2000s [Turning Red is set in 2002] and periods and crushes were a normal part of that time, and many young people can relate. It shouldn’t be a taboo subject!’ said Hannah Witton, sex education content creator and author. ‘I wished then there was more unashamed media representation around puberty and bodily changes young people experience as they grow up. ‘Turning Red may have its critics but it is refreshing to see these conversations being explored in film and popular culture.’ Podcaster Simmons reckons the film would have ‘revolutionised her secondary school experiences’. She continued: ‘But I would also say that it is ridiculous that we are needing to look to fictional media to teach young people about the menstrual cycle. It should be an open discussion in schools, with parental consent, for both boys are girls from age nine up. ‘Disney was the first production company to make a film about the woman’s cycle, The Story of Menstruation in 1946, and while it’s a bit twee by today’s standards, I’m excited that they are continuing to push the boundaries of discussion in women’s health.’ Turning Red is available to watch now on Disney Plus. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gabrielle Union slams Disney over controversial ‘don’t say gay’ bill: ‘The damage is done’ MORE : Girl who asked Disney for first princess with glasses invited to Baftas by Encanto director 