Ukrainian forces are battling Russian troops for control of Enerhodar – the home of Europe’s largest nuclear plant. Staff at the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant fear the destruction of the installation could trigger a disaster. Civilians and soldiers have been so far been blocking access to the city. Pictures showed a barricade of humans, cars, trucks, tires and sandbags this week. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live But Kremlin troops have ramped up efforts to seize the area today as Vladimir Putin is reportedly left furious by slow progress. Black smoke has been seen rising from the outskirts of the city, amid claims that some of Vladimir Putin’s soldiers have broken through. Ukrainian interior ministry adviser Anton Herashchenko shared the terrifying news in an online post Locals were urged not to leave their homes by Mayor Dmytro Orlov who cautioned that a big Russian convoy was approaching the city. Another adviser, Vadym Denysenko, said the situation was alarming with Russians entering the area where the plant’s workers live. Enerhodar is a major energy hub on the left bank of the Dnieper River and the Khakhovka Reservoir that accounts for about a quarter of Ukraine’s power generation from the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant. It comes after Russia captured the defunct Chernobyl plant, some 100 km north of Ukraine’s capital Kyiv. A Ukrainian spokesperson previously warned Putin’s actions ‘could lead to another nuclear disaster, affecting the entire world’. ‘The city of Enerhodar, housing the largest nuclear power plant in Europe, is preparing for a battle with the invaders’, they said. ‘If shells hit near the nuclear power plant, they will damage transformers, turbines, and other equipment that ensures the plant’s safety. ‘To prevent this from happening, the entrance to Energodar is guarded by the brave station workers and military.’ Residents in the Ukrainian port city of Mariupol have also desperately tried to survive a barrage of Russian shelling today. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.