There was a time when the value of an engagement ring was in its monetary value, when spending at least three times your monthly salary on a flashy diamond was the most romantic thing you could do. Nowadays, though, it’s a far more personal process, with nontraditional proposals and bespoke rings chosen specifically for a partner becoming the norm. It really is the thought that counts and not than the cash you splash, so you should do your best to ensure the engagement ring you choose is suited to your partner’s tastes and lifestyle. There’s no point getting them a dainty band with a pricey stone if they work on a building site, for example, or going for a demure style when they typically wear chunkier and edgier pieces. When it comes to the stone, there’s also some big decisions to be made. Some people will prefer a classic single diamond while others may prefer colourful gems that match their aesthetic or mean something special. If you’re stuck choosing the perfect ring, perhaps looking to the stars will give you a helping hand. The experts at DC Jewellery have rounded up the best stones and cuts for each zodiac sign – so you can propose to your astrology-loving lover with a thoughtful ring that mirrors their best traits and qualities. April’s birthstone is the diamond, but it is also the birthstone for Aries. Aries can opt for any colour diamond they wish, whether it be clear, yellow or a rarer colour such as pink. With Aries being the fiery and ambitious sign of the zodiac, Aries should opt for a princess cut diamond ring to stand out from the crowd. Emeralds are bluish-green to pure green, with vivid colour saturation and a tone that is not too dark, making it the perfect colour choice for this earth sign. Taurus should opt for an emerald solitaire cut ring to match their strong desire for extravagance and the finer things in life. To match the birthstone of this air sign, Gemini should opt for a fine pearl and diamond ring for an elegant, luxurious style to match their charming personalities. Cancerians, who famously wear their hearts on their sleeves, should choose a gorgeous ruby diamond ring to match their sensitive personalities. Opt for a stunning yellow gold band for an extra dash of elegance. The Old Egyptians called it the ‘stone of the sun’: the peridot. This was because the yellow-green to dark green light reflected beautifully within this stone. Leos should match their creative and energetic personality with a beautiful peridot diamond ring with a pear cut centrepiece. Definitely one of the most famous – if not the most famous – gemstones in the world: the sapphire. The humble Virgo should opt for a beautiful sapphire diamond ring in a timeless white gold to encapsulate everything that this earth sign stands for. A beautiful opal stone captures all colours of the rainbow, which is why Libras should pair these gorgeous colours with a classy diamond halo to create the perfect cluster ring. Libras are natural leaders and love to improve the lives of everyone around them, so this couldn’t be a more perfect choice. The mysterious Scorpio should channel their boldness, loyalty, and passion into their beautifully striking birthstone: the topaz. The hues of blue in this birthstone dazzle gloriously in a cushion cut white diamond ring. Turquoise is an opaque mineral. It comes in different shades of blue, bluish-green, green and even yellowish-green. To match their birthstones, the lively and philosophical Sagittarius could opt for a teal coloured diamond in a round cut style, with a yellow or white gold band to complement this gorgeous colour. The garnet, or also known as grenade, is a semi-precious gemstone. Garnets come in many different colours, but an ambitious, headstrong Capricorn should opt for a beautiful red garnet oval diamond ring, with a stunning diamond floral halo. For a dramatic yet enchanting look, Aquarius should channel their optimistic personalities in an amethyst white diamond ring, with a glorious pear shaped centrepiece cut. A compassionate and gentle Pisces has the perfect coloured birthstone to match their water sign traits: the serene aquamarine. Pisces should opt for a gorgeous aquamarine coloured stone with a dazzling diamond halo in a cushion cut shape. While we love a bit of fun divining our future through the planets, always go for something you know your partner will love. After all, they’ll hopefully be wearing that ring for the rest of their lives, so you want it to suit their style. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Jewellers reveal the top reasons people return engagement rings MORE : Asda is selling £1 engagement rings for Valentine’s Day