Welcome once again to What I Rent, our weekly series that explores the reality of renting (and lets you be nosy about other people’s homes). Last week we were in New York with Gbemi, who pays $2,060 a month for a one-bedroom apartment. This time we’re back in the UK – Brighton, to be more specific. Here is where couple Xandice, 30, and Scarlett, 29, live together in a rented two-bed flat that they’ve named The Gal Palace. The duo run a queer club night together called Gal Pals, for women, trans and non-binary people, with bi-monthly nights in London and Brighton. Scarlett also works part-time in digital marketing and communications in the charity sector, while Xandice is a DJ and a web developer. While Xandice grew up in London, they’ve been in Brighton for 11 years, while Scarlett grew up in Brighton but lived in London before moving back. So the couple have done some switching between the cities. We chatted with Scarlett about what she and Xandice rent. Hey, Scarlett! How much do you and Xandice pay to live here? Our rent is £1,050 a month and our bills are about £200 on top. And what do you get for what you pay? It’s a two-bedroom flat with five rooms in total; a living room, bathroom, kitchen, bedroom and an office. Do you feel like you have a good deal? For Brighton, yes, definitely. I would never say renting is a ‘good deal’ but this is much cheaper than the average two-bed flat in Brighton – especially considering how spacious and nice it is! How did you find the flat? We found our property through an estate agent. We hadn’t actually seen any photos of it before we went to visit, but the flat we were due to move into that week had fallen through so we needed to find somewhere else quickly. We had no idea what to expect but as soon as we walked in we were stunned by how bright and spacious it was, and we loved all the wooden features. They took us to see another property afterwards but we knew this was the one! Whereabouts is your home based? What do you think of the area? We live in Brighton. The area is lovely, we’re really close to Preston Park and Preston Park Station, which is super convenient for travelling to London. I think we’d prefer to be a bit closer to town and the beach but it’s significantly cheaper to live here. What’s it like living together? It’s just the two of us – we love living together, we’ve been together for six and a half years and lived together for nearly three years – it’s definitely the best living situation we’ve ever had! How have you made this place feel like home? We’ve done a lot to the flat. It was unfurnished, which really allows you to put your stamp on a place. We’ve also put a lot of art on the walls, I love to use our house as a way to display all of the artwork we collect. I collect postcards and we often go to independent illustration fairs and DIY art markets, so we’ve collected lots of beautiful prints over the years by artists such as Laura Callaghan and Olivia Daisy Coles. I’ve also done some DIY, I switched out all the cupboard handles in our kitchen from black to gold and stuck vinyl onto the tiles. I’ve upcycled a lot of our furniture too. There’s a lot of pink your place – tell us about that. I just love pink! I always have, I’m inspired by places like Jayne Mansfield’s Pink Palace, Eaton House Studio (aka The Pink House), Pink 1968 etc. I really love art deco and kitsch interiors. Pink, red, orange and gold are my favourite colours and I like to fill our home with beautiful things that I love. And what’s the story behind the big Frida artwork? I’m a big Frida Khalo fan – she was an incredible artist and as a queer, disabled woman of colour and a communist she’s a bit of a feminist icon. A lot of the Frida things are actually gifts I’ve received over the years as everyone knows how much I love her. Have you found it difficult to decorate when renting? Is your landlord happy with you doing bits? Our landlord is quite laidback, he actually always compliments the flat whenever he comes round. He really liked what I’d done with the kitchen. I’m working up the courage to ask him if we can paint… Do you feel like you have enough space? Does anyone ever feel like they have enough space? No, but I think we’re quite lucky with the space we have, there’s a huge cupboard under the stairs which we wouldn’t be able to live without as there’s very little built-in storage in the flat. Are there any problems with the home you have to deal with? We get quite bad mould in the winter, especially in the bedroom, and the built-in wardrobe is completely unusable as anything stored in there ends up covered in mould (we learnt this the hard way and had to throw away a lot of clothes). It’s frustrating as the bedroom isn’t very big either. It’s an old flat so there’s always things that need fixing and the windows are not well insulated so we end up spending a lot of money on heating in the winter. Do you have plans to move again? Not anytime soon, despite those problems, it’s still so much cheaper and nicer than anywhere else we’ve seen recently. Do you want to own a place some day or are you happy to rent? We would love to own our own place one day, it’s one of my dreams, however if you don’t have family to help you out it’s incredibly difficult to save up enough for a deposit! We’re working on it. Hopefully in five to ten years time we might be able to own. It’s frustrating though because we’ve both spent more on rent in the last ten years than we’d need to save for a deposit… We feel that. Shall we take a look around? What I Rent is a weekly series that’s out every Tuesday at 10am. Check back next week to have another nose around a rented property. This article contains placements with affiliate links.  We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links on these placements. MORE : What I Rent: Michelle, £1,600 a month for a three-bedroom house in Epsom Downs MORE : What I Rent: Stefanie, $975 a month for a one-bedroom apartment in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania MORE : What I Rent: Gemma and Josh, £1,560 a month for a one-bedroom flat in Balham, London