Phillip Schofield has given fans a glimpse at his hard work in the gym as he showed off his bulging bicep. The This Morning presenter, 59, took to Instagram to share a snap of the gains he’s seen on his arms as he flexed his muscles. He joked after ‘arms day’: ‘Aww the hazelnut is trying to become a Brazil nut… one day a pecan.’ Phillip has kept fans up to date with his fitness journey since lockdown after getting into the gym while in quarantine amid the coronavirus pandemic. He told his followers at the time: ‘Well if there’s an upside to lockdown 3… my training has given me tiny guns.’ The father-of-two recently celebrated a milestone of 40 years on television, with his wife Stephanie and daughters Molly and Ruby marking the occasion by sending him a massive bouquet, He shared a snap of it, adding: ‘40 sunflowers just arrived at work from Steph and my girls to mark my telly anniversary! My fave flower thank you xx.’ Phillip addressed the ‘changes’ in the family’s lives since he came out as gay in February 2020 amid his tribute to four decades on television. He told Lorraine Kelly: ‘We’ve obviously clearly had changes in our lives. But [as] I said, it’s always us four – but slightly different. ‘And Steph has been the most incredible foundation and support and rock throughout my whole career. My girls, I couldn’t be more proud [sic] of – and so we’re a fam, and it works,’ Daughter Molly, 29, added that she had ‘always been so proud of him’ before revealing that on a school trip to see him perform in Doctor Dolittle she had joined her friends in his autograph queue. ‘All my friends wanted to go and find him for an autograph, and I can remember queuing up myself because I felt so left out!’, she joked. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Phillip Schofield blasts Priti Patel over Ukrainian refugee policy and insists UK should be ‘flinging our doors open’ MORE : Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield celebrate with huge hug as social distancing gets scrapped on This Morning 