For many parents, daylight savings time prompts real panic. Not about losing an hour of sleep as the clocks go forward (although yes, that’s quite annoying), but around their children’s sleep routine. The smallest disruption threatens to throw your baby’s sleep schedule entirely out of wack – and as spring hits, many mums and dads will have visions of kids unable to drift off, waking up earlier than planned, and causing all kinds of stress. We’ve shared how to prepare children for the clocks going forward, with small adjustments over the week, but babies are a whole other ball game. Thankfully, Munchkin’s official early years expert, Sophie Pickles, is here with some unexpected tips and tricks to help babies head to snoozetown. So if the clock change does cause disruptions, don’t fear. Just try these hacks to sort your baby’s sleep right out. ‘Babies often cry after bath time – it’s usually because they don’t like the bath itself, or the aftermath of coming out of the warmth and into the cold,’ says Sophie. ‘Either way, bath time can often disrupt a baby’s bedtime routine and can make it harder to settle them to sleep. ‘One failsafe tip I often give parents is to dry their baby with a low heat hairdryer all over their body when they come out of the bath. The warmth counteracts the cold after the bath and the white noise settles them before they go to sleep. ‘Just make sure you use a low heat and test it on your own skin first.’ You might get bored of singing the same lullaby each night, but stick with it – it’ll help your baby settle into a sleep routine. Sophie suggests: ‘Consider reading the same story or singing the same song to your baby every night. It can be comforting to your child as they’ll come to recognise it, and it will become a tell-tale sign that bedtime is approaching. ‘You don’t need to wait until your baby is a certain age to try this – you can sing or read to babies from newborn age as they’ll love the calming sound of your voice.’ Baby won’t settle? The ‘shush pat’ technique is here to help. ‘Firstly, hold baby close to you, with their stomach facing yours so you are cradling them,’ Sophie explains. ‘With your free arm, then pat them on their bottom to a rhythmic beat – as you do so, shush in time with the pats. ‘Patting them on the bottom mimics the feeling of your heartbeat when they were in the womb, while the shushing reminds them of the sound of your rushing blood. ‘These are both incredibly calming to your baby and will help to settle them and even send them off to sleep. ‘You don’t need to hold your baby with this method either – you can lay them on their side in their cot or crib and apply the same method. When they are asleep, you can roll them safely onto their back.’ Darkness is key to help babies get a good night’s sleep. Blackout blinds are a great option, but if you’re in a pinch, Sophie recommends just taping tin foil up to the frame to cover the entire window. Sophie says: ‘While a consistent bedtime routine is good for quality sleep, it’s often too much for parents to establish in the early months, especially if they’ve got other children. ‘At around four months old, babies naturally fall into a pattern and it’ll be noticeable when they regularly become cranky and need to go down to sleep. ‘Try not to put pressure on yourself and force this in the early days – instead, let this routine naturally happen as and when baby decides.’ The most important thing above all Sophie reiterates, is consistency. She adds: ‘It doesn’t matter so much what you do, as it does to make sure you keep things the same every night.’ ‘You’ll often hear people tell you that you should allow your baby to self-settle at bedtime, but cuddling, feeding or rocking to sleep are all natural and instinctive ways of helping our babies drift off into a peaceful slumber,’ Sophie notes. ‘The best way to help your baby sleep is to follow your instinct as a parent and go with your gut. ‘Just because a baby can settle themselves, it doesn’t always make them a better sleeper, so if you want to cuddle or feed your baby and rock them to sleep – do! ‘Don’t worry, you won’t be making “a rod for your own back”, and this phase won’t last forever. You will both be happier and much less stressed in the process too.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The women being forced to choose between life-saving drugs and their baby’s health MORE : Twin born still inside amniotic sac in one-in-80,000 event MORE : Refresh your sleep routine for spring with these matching pyjama sets