Thomas Tuchel has responded to Chelsea’s attempts to play their FA Cup game against Middlesbrough behind closed doors, insisting it is ‘better’ for everyone if fans are able to attend. On Tuesday, Chelsea made a request to the FA for Saturday’s clash at Boro to be played without fans ‘for matters of sporting integrity’. The Premier League club are not allowed to sell tickets for any matches after the UK Government froze the assets of Russian owner Roman Abramovich. Chelsea’s bizarre request was met with anger by fans and Championship side Middlesbrough, whose chairman Steve Gibson said: ‘Chelsea and sporting integrity do not belong in the same sentence.’ The FA confirmed yesterday that Chelsea had withdrawn the request and Tuchel has backed the decision, saying he is ‘very happy’ that fans will be in attendance. Speaking after Chelsea booked their place in the quarter-finals of the Champions League with a 2-1 win over Lille, Tuchel said: ‘In general I would like to say I’m very happy that there are fans. ‘There was kind of a bit of an awkward situation and we were not aware of it. It’s better that there are fans. The game is for the fans.’ Asked if Chelsea will be allowed to give out tickets free of charge for the trip to Middlesbrough, Tuchel added: ‘I don’t know, we are working on it.’ Chelsea put the uncertainty and fears over the club to one side with another assured performance against Lille on Wednesday night. Tuchel’s side beat the Ligue 1 outfit 2-0 at Stamford Bridge in the first leg and were the better team again this evening, with goals from Christian Pulisic and Cesar Azpilicueta sending the Blues through. Chelsea captain Azpilicueta told BT Sport: ‘It has not been a normal last few weeks but we have to do what is in our hands, which is train the best we can. ‘Tonight it was a difficult game and of course we are happy to go through. ‘In the first half we didn’t start very well, we knew it would be difficult, sometimes we played in the spaces and made a few mistakes – the reaction was good, we scored before half-time. If you go 1-0 down into half-time the second half would be difficult. ‘This group fights against everything, we know we have to do the best we can on the pitch, we stick together and hopefully end up having a very good season. ‘Sometimes it may be easier to lose focus, but that is not us, we have to keep playing every three days difficult games.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 