The explosive first look trailer for Top Boy season 2 is here and it looks like Dushane will be attempting to team up with former enemy Jamie in a bid to make millions. After more than two years away, the highly anticipated next chapter will launch on Netflix on March 18 and will see Ashley Walters’ lead character at the top of his game. The two-minute teaser reveals that Dushane (Walters) and the gang are about to go international with their drug empire. And, after providing evidence to get Jamie (Micheal Ward) out of prison in the season one finale, Dushane wants him on his side. What could possibly go wrong? ‘I’ve got a link, Spain and Morocco,’ Dushane tells Jamie as they meet in a café. ‘About to come through with a big bit. More money than you’ve ever seen in your life. Do you wanna be a part of it or what?’ But it seems like this international operation will soon run into issues. ‘We’ve got a problem,’ Dushane admits. ‘I need someone to go out there and fix it.’ ‘This season sees Dushane on a roll,’ the official synopsis teases. ‘He won the war against the young pretender Jamie, leaving his Summerhouse crew unrivaled and making more money than ever. ‘Life with Shelley (Simbi Ajikawo) is going well too and allows him to dream of a future away from the road. But then a problem from an unexpected quarter arises and threatens to bring it all crashing down.’ Besides the return of Walters and Ward, the new series of Top Boy will once again star Little Simz, Jasmine Jobson, Lisa Dawn, Kadeem Ramsay and Saffron Hocking. Jolade Obasola, Hope Ikpoku, and Araloylin Oshunremi are also returning, while newcomers Josephine De La Baume, Howard Charles, Ava Brennan, Erin Kellyman, ‘NoLay’ and Adwoa Aboah are set to make their mark. Top Boy season 2 arrives on March 18 on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 