Viewers of the Concert For Ukraine fundraiser were left moved by a performance from Ukrainian Eurovision winner Jamala, as the show raised a huge £11.3million for charity. Jamala, who was forced to flee her home in the Ukraine two weeks ago, took to the stage to perform a moving rendition of 1944, the song which won the Eurovision Song Contest in 2016, holding the flag of her country throughout. After her performance, Jamala held the flag aloft as she delivered a message of support to her fellow Ukrainian people. Viewers took to Twitter to share how moved they were by her performance, tweeting: ‘Phew, that girl  Jamala can SING. Love the song. Haunting’ and ‘That song 1944 by Jamala is very powerful and really history has just been repeated.’ Others added: ‘Honestly, mesmerising performance from @Jamala. Can only imagine how haunting that must’ve felt in the arena’ and ‘Wow,I may not speak the language of Ukraine but this ladies performance in the ‘Concert for Ukraine’ just hit me hard.Well done Jamala, we are all the human race and my heart goes out to all the people of your country.’ Millions of Ukrainian nationals have been displaced since the invasion by Russian forces began over a month ago, with hundreds of others killed in the conflict. The two-hour-long Concert for Ukraine benefit show is raising money for the Disasters Emergency Committee’s (DEC) Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal, with viewers able to donate as well as all the proceeds from advertisers in the breaks going to the cause. Other stars performing on the night included Ed Sheeran, Camila Cabello, Anne-Marie, Gregory Porter and the Manic Street Preachers. In a press release, ITV confirmed: ‘All sponsorship and advertising revenue generated from the broadcast of the event (primetime across both linear and simulcast), which is expected to raise over £3million, will also be donated by ITV to the DEC appeal.’ The show ended up adding a huge £11.3million in donations towards the relief effort. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Great Celebrity Bake Off chocolate fondant disaster has fans comparing puddings to ‘cow pats’ MORE : Holby City fans devastated to say goodbye as final episode airs with heartbreaking death: ‘One sucker punch after another’ 