Dancing On Ice has crowned Regan Gascoigne as its 2022 winner. After weeks of impressive routines, former Strictly Come Dancing pro Brendan Cole, Pussycat Dolls star Kimberly Wyatt, and dancer Regan – son of former England footballer Paul – completed their final two dances in the fight to be crowned the ultimate winner. Struggling to hold back his tears as he lifted the trophy, Regan said: ‘I am so overwhelmed, I never thought it was possible.’ Presenter Holly Willoughby, who returned for Sunday’s final episode after missing the semi-finals due to Covid, said it would be difficult for viewers to decide who to vote for. ‘It is extraordinary, it is like there are no other buttons. 10s across the board,’ she said. However, they did decide and Regan and his skating partner Karina Manta were the chosen champions. Kimberly was booted from the competition so close to the end leaving Brendan and Regan as the final two. Regan received his second perfect score after recreating his Barnum routine. He was given the top score despite a wardrobe malfunction which left him holding his professional partner Karina’s outfit around her neck following the performance. In his original performance, Regan’s skate, which was inspired by the circus and Torvill and Dean’s Barnum performance from the World Championships in 1983, left judge Jayne Torvill in tears. She told him: ‘It is great to see that again, it puts a smile on my face every time I watch it, I think it is the fact that I know how difficult some of those moves are.’ Judge Oti Mabuse said the dancer was having ‘the night of his life’ while Christopher Dean added that the pair were ‘on fire’. Ashley Banjo also said: ‘It was so outrageously good, you make it look so effortless but I need to remind people it is not, it is anything but easy.’ It was a tight race between Regan and runner-up Brendan, who also received a second perfect score of 40 for his ‘iconic’ performance to Falling by Harry Styles. The performance featured ‘rain’ pouring down on him while he danced on the ice rink and also incorporated ambitious dance moves including a ‘death spiral’ and a trio of rotating lifts. Judge Christopher said: ‘That routine is sublime. It is not about the elements, it is about the quality of the skating and the passion.’ Ashley said the dancer had ‘guts’ to recreate a props week performance while Oti hailed it as an ‘an iconic skate’. ‘I say the best skates are the ones where you have a message coming throughout without saying any words, you said so much in that skate,’ she said. Dancing On Ice is available to watch on ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing On Ice 2022: Viewers miffed by Brendan Cole’s ‘farcical’ perfect 40 after spotting tiny slip MORE : 90210 star Matt Lanter rushed to emergency surgery after ‘scariest week’ with wife Angela asking for prayers 