Former President Donald Trump sued Hillary Clinton, the Democratic National Committee and others on Thursday, accusing them of conspiring to ‘weave a false narrative’ that his campaign colluded with Russia during the 2016 presidential race. ‘Acting in concert, the Defendants maliciously conspired to weave a false narrative that their Republican opponent, Donald Trump, was colluding with a hostile foreign sovereignty,’ the lawsuit states. ‘The actions taken in furtherance of their scheme — falsifying evidence, deceiving law enforcement, and exploiting access to highly-sensitive data sources — are so outrageous, subversive and incendiary that even the events of Watergate pale in comparison.’ Despite defeating Clinton for the presidency in 2016, Trump still claims she is guilty of ‘racketeering’ and a ‘conspiracy to commit injurious falsehood.’ The former president claims he spent over $24 million in defending himself against the accusations, and is seeking damages of three times that amount in the lawsuit. Among those listed in the new 108-page lawsuit include ex-FBI officials James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page; Jake Sullivan, the national security adviser to Joe Biden; former British spy Christopher Steele who wrote a dossier on Trump’s links to Russia; and John Podesta, Clinton’s campaign chair. The suit alleges that the involved parties collaborated to ‘sway the public’s interest.’ ‘They worked together with a single, self-serving purpose: to vilify Donald J Trump. Indeed, their far-reaching conspiracy was designed to cripple Trump’s bid for presidency by fabricating a scandal that would be used to trigger an unfounded federal investigation and ignite a media frenzy,’ the suit states. The suit claims the Clintons and other Democrats were so politically-driven they rigged the 2016 Presidential Election in favor of Clinton, but when that didn’t work in their they continued to attack Trump as he entered the presidency. ‘Worse still, the Defendants continue to spread their vicious lies to this day as they unabashedly publicize their thoroughly debunked falsehoods in an effort to ensure that he will never be elected again,’ the suit alleges. The former president has long accused Clinton and Democrats as a whole of conspiring to link him to the Russian interference in the 2016 election. Russia denies interfering in the election to boost Trump, but the US intelligence community agrees that it did. While an investigation into the matter conducted by Robert Mueller did not establish collusion between Trump and Russia it did find 10 instances Trump may have tried to obstruct justice. Mueller, who explicitly said he was not exonerating Trump, also spoke of several connections between Trump aides and Russia. Several Trump associates pleaded guilty to charges related to the 2016 campaign and Russia, including federal conspiracy or lying to the FBI. The new lawsuit comes as a long-running criminal investigation into Trump’s businesses run by the Manhattan District Attorney appears to be struggling to conclude. Two veteran prosecutors leading the investigation abruptly quit last month over the District Attorney’s unwillingness to criminally charge Trump. One of the prosecutors, Mark Pomerantz, wrote in his resignation letter that the former president was ‘guilty of numerous felony violations.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.