Having been at the shelter for 281 days, sweet cat Gizmo is one of Llys Nini’s longest-staying residents. He’s part of a group shelter staff have called the Fab Four – four cats (Gizmo, Misty, Llew, and Joker)  who have been waiting months to find a forever home. Unlike some of the rest of the squad, Gizmo’s rejections by potential rehomers has nothing to do with his age. At three years old, he’s a young chap. Instead, what’s putting people off this lovely feline friend is his illness. Gizmo has hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, a disease in which the heart muscle becomes thicker. He’s not showing any symptoms, but needs to be on medication for life. He’ll also need regular checks and scans to make sure he’s doing okay. Another factor that’s making it hard for Gizmo to find his forever family is his shyness. He’s a sensitive soul who was very nervous when he arrived at the shelter, but has now settled in. He came into the RSPCA’s care when his owner could no longer look after him. The shelter say that while he ‘loves a good fuss’, he gets ‘spooked’ sometimes and will swipe at you. All this means that Gizmo will need a patient owner who’ll let him settle at his own pace. He’d like a home with no dogs or children under the age of 16, but could possibly live with a neutered female cat. If you think you could give Gizmo the home he’s been waiting so long for, you can find out more information through his adoption page. Centre manager Gary Weeks said: ‘Llew, Joker, Misty and Gizmo are by far the longest staying cats we have in at the moment and they are all wonderful characters which is why we often refer to them as the fab four. ‘Llew and Misty are now in their twilight years, so it’s particularly sad to see them waiting for a home for so long. ‘With older cats, people may worry about the financial investment, time and care, when in fact there are huge positives to adopting a more mature moggie; they are just as loving and playful and it can also be easier to judge their personalities, which allows you to identify if they are a fit for your home and family. ‘I’d really appeal to potential adopters to look beyond the age and medical needs of these cats and to get in touch with us to find out more about them. ‘We’re all very fond of the fab four but we’d like nothing more than seeing them all go off to fantastic new homes where they can flourish and be the centre of attention which is what they all deserve.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Rescue puppy who was skin and bone is now ‘living her best life’ MORE : Photographer becomes best friends with wild cats and now cuddles them like kittens MORE : Massive Maine Coon cat is so big and fluffy he looks like a lemur