Ukrainian ballet star Artyom Datsishin has reportedly died amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The dancer was 43-years-old, according to the Evening Standard, and was wounded in capital Kyiv two days after President Putin launched attacks. Datsishin was a principal dancer with the National Opera of Ukraine and his friend Tatyana Borovik is said to have confirmed the news of his death on Facebook. ‘On February 26, he was fired upon by the Russian military,’ she wrote, adding that the dancer ‘was seriously wounded’ and ‘died in the hospital.’ ‘I can’t express my heartache that is overwhelming me. May your memory be bright,’ she shared. Datsyshyn is said to have died from ‘wounds received when he got under Russian artillery fire.’ General stage director at the opera house Anatoly Solovyanenko remembered the star as a ‘beautiful artist’ and a ‘wonderful human,’ as tributes poured in. Also mourning the death of the ballerina is a Alexei Ratmansky, a Russian choreographer and former artistic director of the Bolshoi Ballet. Ratmansky grew up in Kyiv and immediately left Moscow for America when the war began, according to The New York Times. ‘He was a beautiful dancer loved by his colleagues,’ wrote Ratmansky on social media. He said that the news of his friend’s death caused him ‘unbearable pain’ and his is ‘furious.’ The choreographer added that he previously thought of inviting Datsishin to join his ballet school. ‘He was really good,’ he praised. Datsishin enjoyed a stellar career, performing in Europe and the United States. He performed lead roles in several well-known ballets, including Swan Lake, Romeo and Juliet, and The Nutcracker. A funeral was supposedly held for him in Kyiv on Friday. Russia’s attacks on Ukraine has seen one of the largest humanitarian crises of recent times, with over three million refugees fleeing their homes, according to the UN. Hundreds of civilians have already been reported dead or injured. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Leonardo DiCaprio makes rare social media post as he stands with victims of war in Ukraine MORE : Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis celebrate as Ukraine fundraiser reaches $30,000,000 goal in 2 weeks 