Katie Price has shared that she tried to take her own life before seeking help at the mental health hospital the Priory. The mum-of-five opened up about reaching a terrible low some years ago, but the thought of her children – Harvey, Junior, Princess, Jett, and Bunny – helped to pull her through. ‘I tried to kill myself before I ended up in the Priory,’ Katie said. ‘The only reason I didn’t was because of my children. So, if my kids weren’t here, I wouldn’t be here today. Fact. ‘The kids saved me.’ Katie explained to Radio Times that she reached breaking point due to large stresses in her life, which included the paparazzi following her in their cars. ‘If I was a normal woman, I’d call the police and say, “I’m being followed by three men in a car and I’m scared, can you help me?”,’ she added. ‘They’d go and arrest those guys for stalking. But when I say I’m Katie Price they say, “You’re in the public eye, there’s nothing we can do”.’ Katie previously opened up to Stephen Nolan on BBC Northern Ireland’s Nolan Live last year about her suicide attempt. ‘I planned it,’ she told him. ‘I did everything. Everything was on top of me, it was a build up with the media, relationships and then I was held up at gunpoint in South Africa with my kids, we thought we were going to die. ‘I’m only human, I’m strong but there’s only so much you can take and I could have either committed suicide or get help.’ Urging viewers to see help if they are struggling with their mental health, Katie continued: ‘Don’t be afraid to speak, too many people out there commit suicide because they’re afraid.’ Katie first checked into the Priory in January 2020 before lockdown, saying that she had slowly been ‘going off the rails for 10 years’. ‘I was never in The Priory for drink or drugs – ever! It was severe trauma rehabilitation, and I still speak to the doctor weekly now because that’s what I want to do because there are lots of things that have gone on in my past that led me up to that,’ she told the Mirror in October 2020. She returned to the clinic as an outpatient last year following a car crash near her home in Sussex. Katie was handed a 16-week suspended sentence following the accident, which was committed while she was disqualified and did not have insurance. Discussing her recent run-ins with the law, Katie said that she had recently received mental health support and that she planning to have therapy for the rest of her life. ‘Obviously I’ve done another stint in The Priory and that wasn’t rehab, that was nothing to do with alcohol or drugs, it was severe PTSD again,’ she told Lorraine. ‘I was in there due to what people had done to me that led me up to the car accident, that led me up to go into The Priory. ‘And I’ve decided to have therapy every week for the rest of my life.’ 