Toni Braxton has expressed her grief over her sister Traci Braxton’s death in a heart-wrenching tribute, describing the late singer as a ‘bright light’. On Saturday, it was confirmed that Traci had died at the age of 50 after being diagnosed with cancer. The Braxton Family Values star, who was reportedly surrounded by her mother and sisters when she died, is survived by her siblings, husband Kevin Surratt and their son Kevin Jr. In a statement shared on Toni’s social media channels on behalf of the Braxton family, she wrote that it was ‘with the utmost regret that we inform you of the passing of our sister, Traci’. ‘Needless to say, she was a bright light, a wonderful daughter, an amazing sister, a loving mother, wife, grandmother and a respected performer. We will miss her dearly,’ the statement read. ‘Traci passed this morning as the snow was falling, our angel is now a snowflake. We ask that you respect our privacy as we plan to send her home with love, celebrating her life. We are family forever. Love, The Braxton Family.’ In a separate post, Traci’s son, Kevin Jr, said that it ‘hurts so much’ that she has died, but he feels ‘at peace’ knowing she is no longer in pain. Sharing a picture of them embracing, he wrote: ‘When I heard the news about my mother being sick first thing she said was I’m going to fight and beat this. ‘She fought to the end and today she’s at peace. I love my mother forever and this hurts so much but I’m at peace knowing she’s isn’t in pain anymore. I love you ma I’m going to miss you.’ Several stars have paid tribute on social media to Traci, whose solo debut album, Crash & Burn, was released in October 2014. Quote-tweeting a clip of Traci addressing her sisters on their reality TV show, Missy Elliott wrote: ‘It’s like she left these words with her sisters to always remember… May God give the family STRENGTH. Rest in Paradise Traci you will not be forgotten.’ ‘Praying for the Braxton family. Rest In Peace, Traci,’ tweeted lawyer Bernice King. Born in Maryland in 1971, Traci had one older brother and four sisters. Having launched her singing career as part of The Braxtons, she went solo less than a decade ago, having reunited with her sisters on Braxton Family Values in the meantime. MORE : Traci Braxton, younger sister of Toni Braxton, dies aged 50 following battle with cancer MORE : Willie Nelson’s sister and bandmate Bobbie Nelson dies aged 91