Kylie Jenner fans are convinced they’ve managed to work out her son’s new name after she confirmed he is no longer Wolf. The businesswoman and reality star revealed on Tuesday that she and Travis Scott have changed the name of their second child because they ‘didn’t feel like it was him’. The news was announced on Kylie’s Instagram story hours after she shared a video documenting her pregnancy journey with her son, who was initially named Wolf Webster. ‘FYI our son’s name isn’t Wolf anymore, we just really didn’t feel like it was him,’ the 24-year-old wrote. ‘Just wanted to share because I keep seeing Wolf everywhere.’ Although Kylie did not say what her son’s name had been changed to, fans believe that she has renamed her little one Jacques, which would be a tribute to his father Travis whose real name is also Jacques. Sharing their theories on a Reddit community dedicated to the Kardashians, one wrote: ‘Jacques Trois.’ ‘Since he’s born on 2/2/22 and he’s Jacques II, I’d go with Jacques Deuce,’ another added, while a third guessed: ‘I vote Jack. It was always supposed to be Jacques.’ ‘Literally! After the To My Son video, there’s no way it isn’t Jack,’ a fourth weighed in. So, has Kylie named her newborn Jacques/Jack? Only time will tell… Kylie welcomed her second child with US rapper Travis on February 2 this year, with the pair already parents to four-year-old daughter, Stormi Webster, whose birthday is on February 1. The nine-minute video, titled To Our Son, features personal messages from family members including reality megastars Kim and Khloe Kardashian, and Kendall and Kris Jenner. Kylie reveals her pregnancy craving was steak, eating ‘red meat for lunch and dinner and a baked potato, just a lot of meat’. Also sharing the moment she gave birth, Travis can be heard saying to the new born: ‘What up big boy.’ The child, formerly known as Wolf Webster, was born on February 2 weighing 8lbs and 13oz. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 