Spring is finally around the corner, and if you’re not planning on making the most of the great weather, then you’re seriously missing out. Staying in the UK is an option but, with the chances of rain hardly getting any lower, who would really want to? There are some great trips abroad out there, offering excitement and relaxation at reasonable prices, and perfect for booking ASAP. From soaking up drinks deals in Ireland to taking stunning rail trips through Europe, check out our full selection of Spring trips below. Thinking of celebrating St Patrick’s Day at the source? If you’re heading to Ireland’s capital, check out hip hostel Generator Dublin, which will be getting into the spirit with drinks deals, great room rates and a performance from First Day Lions. Located in the centre of the city, it’s close to everything from Dublin Castle to the Guinness Storehouse. There are amenities galore such as an arcade/games room and coffee shop. £22pn for a shared dorm. Book with Stay Generator. Time spent in nature can help soothe body and mind, and slow travel company The Living Project is launching a series of new mindful activities. With locations in Dartmoor, the Peak District, Snowdonia and the Knoydart peninsula, it lets you choose from a range of shared experiences ranging from yoga and wild swimming to meditation and guided breathwork. 1% of all sales is used to support not-for-profit organisations and activists working to rewild the planet. Book with The Living Project. Virgin Voyages has unveiled its second ship, Valiant Lady, which will sail Europe while her sister ship, Scarlet Lady, takes care of the Caribbean. Equipped with 1,330 impressive cabins and 78 ‘RockStar Quarters’, she also has two ‘Massive Suites’ that boast their own private hot tub. You can also expect first-class entertainment and dining experiences curated by Michelin-starred chefs. New itineraries feature longer port stays and overnighters in Europe’s most idyllic islands and cities. Prices start at £400pp for the Long Weekender, a three-night voyageto Zeebrugge. Book with Virgin Voyages. As more of us become conscious of how to cut down our carbon footprint, train travel is having a renaissance. Not only is it better for the planet, it can also can take you through less frequented landscapes at a slower pace. Lonely Planet has released its Guide To Train Travel In Europe, highlighting dozens of routes which criss-cross the continent. You’ll find detailed maps, information on the most scenic journeys, ticketing advice, what to expect if you’re going by sleeper and more. Buy it for £19.99 from Lonely Planet. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Where can you travel unvaccinated? MORE : Five simple ways to relieve travel anxiety