Roy Keane says Cristiano Ronaldo looked ‘angry and upset’ as he came to Manchester United’s rescue against Tottenham. Ronaldo took his career tally up to 807 goals – more than any other professional in the men’s game in history – with a stunning hat-trick against Tottenham in the 3-2 win on Saturday evening. It was a 59th career hat-trick and the perfect way for the Portuguese to silence some of his critics. Ronaldo missed the 4-1 defeat to Manchester City last time time out with a hip flexor injury and proceeded to head to Portugal. The forward reportedly did not let United know that he would be heading to Portugal last weekend and left manager Ralf Rangnick completely in the dark about the situation, while some reports suggested he was going to be dropped for the derby anyway. United legend Keane felt the 37-year-old was playing with a certain anger in today’s match that ultimately helped United get a crucial three points. ‘Ronaldo stepped up to the plate. He looked angry today, a lot of aggression in his play today,’ Keane said. ‘Whatever’s gone on in the last week, he’s been upset with something but he showed today what we’ve seen over the years. ‘The guy is a genius, he’s brilliant, the goals today were fantastic. ‘He brings so much to this team, why people think Ronaldo can’t play every week or he can’t bring value… ‘He was angry today, he did not come back to Manchester United to sit on the bench. ‘Today we saw him aggressive, angry Ronaldo who is upset because he’s one of the greatest to play the game and he wants to put the ball in the back of the net. ‘We saw that today, that aggression and desire to score a goal, particularly with the winner, he wanted it more than anybody else and that’s why the guy deserves huge credit. ‘It was good to see him upset and angry.’ MORE : Hat-trick hero Cristiano Ronaldo makes history as Manchester United keep up top four fight with win over Tottenham MORE : Roy Keane names two Spurs stars who would walk into Man Utd’s team For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 