BBC Breakfast viewers were left speechless and ‘in tears’ after a 13-year-old schoolgirl voiced her fears about the ongoing Ukraine crisis. Sophia’s grandparents are currently in Ukraine as Russian troops are invading. Bravely speaking out about this conflict, BBC viewers and hosts Dan Walker and Sally Nugent praised Sophia for her comments. The student from Liverpool began: ‘I want to thank all the countries that have been helping out Ukraine with all this here and I want to thank for all the sanctions. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘But, more needs to be done because this certainly shouldn’t be happening in the 21st Century. ‘It’s just… why are people hiding in bomb shelters? Children are being born in bomb shelters. ‘People’s homes are being destroyed. Hospitals are destroyed, schools. ‘It’s just… why? The world needs to stop this because if Russia carries on fighting, if Ukraine puts down arms, then there will be no Ukraine. ‘Possibly, Russia isn’t going to stop there. They might carry on. So, the war might be knocking at our doors soon. ‘But if Russia puts down their arms then the war will end. ‘More needs to be done until we get to that point.’ Sally commented: ‘Thank you very much indeed. I think one of our most eloquent guests so far this morning there, aged 13.’ ‘Amazing, yes. Incredible answer,’ Dan added. Agreeing with Sally and Dan, viewers commended Sophia on Twitter, with one writing: ‘This 13 year old child in Liverpool has expressed it more eloquently than anyone.’ Another shared: ‘That eloquent 13 yr old girl on BBC breakfast news just now – I’m a grown man and she had me in tears.’ On the fifth day of the conflict, Russian missiles have struck a radioactive waste store near Kyiv, narrowly avoiding a serious environmental incident and Vladimir Putin has been warned he will ‘feel the consequences’ of invading Ukraine as his regime faces an investigation for possible war crimes. Boris Johnson is visiting Nato’s border with Russia today, as he pushes for allies to ‘speak with one voice’ and ensure that ‘Putin must fail’. Speaking in Warsaw, Johnson accused Putin of using ‘barbaric and indiscriminate tactics’ and called on Europe to reduce its reliance on Russian oil and gas. He faced an emotional plea from a tearful Ukrainian journalist, who said: ‘Children, instead of planes, are protecting NATO from missiles and bombs.’ BBC Breakfast airs daily from 6am on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC Breakfast’s Dan Walker having ‘difficult’ conversations with his children about Ukraine crisis and fears MORE : BBC Breakfast’s Charlie Stayt forced to put Ukraine crisis talk on hold after MP’s daughter interrupts interview 