Three assasination plots against the Ukrainian president have been foiled in the past week, according to a report. Attempts to kill Volodmyr Zelensky have been stopped thanks to information provided by disgruntled elements within Russia’s security service, an official in Kyiv claimed. The Times reported that both elite Chechen forces and mercenaries linked to the Wagner Group have been sent to the capital to target the Ukrainian leader. Western governments have previously said they have seen intelligence that the Kremlin has drawn up ‘kill lists’ of high profile targets inside the country. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Hundreds of Wagner-linked soldiers are said to still be in Kyiv and planning a fresh attack on the president this week. The shadowy private army has links to the Kremlin and has previously been used overseas to conduct operations where Vladimir Putin wants to maintain a veneer of deniability. A source close to the group told The Times it was ‘eerie’ how well briefed the group appeared to be on their movements. As many as 400 hired guns are said to have been charged with killing 24 high-profile Ukrainians, with some having reportedly been lying in wait in the city for six weeks. The assassins are under pressure to carry out the hits in a matter of days, according to the paper, despite plans for a hasty exit facilitated by Russian special forces being scuppered by slow progress in the assault on Kyiv. The Times was told: ‘It only takes one of them to get lucky and everyone goes home with a bonus.’ Separately, elite Chechen fighters have also attempted to breach the wall of defence around My Zelensky. Thousands of troops have been committed to the war effort by Ramzan Kadyrov, the son of a war lord who inherited control of the Russian republic after the assassination of his father. Fighters from his own personal unit – the Kadyrovtsy –  were reportedly wiped out during an attempted attack on the outskirts of Kyiv. Oleksiy Danilov, the secretary of Ukraine’s National Security and Defence Council, told a domestic TV station: ‘I can say that we have received information from the FSB, who do not want to take part in this bloody war. ‘And thanks to this, the Kadyrov elite group was destroyed, which came here to eliminate our president.’ Mr Zelensky is leading the war effort from Kyiv and has become a symbol of Ukraine’s resistance. The 44-year-old former actor has defiantly remained in the capital, even posting videos of himself at well known landmarks. He has publicly acknowledged he is Russia’s ‘number one target’ and is likely changing his location regularly to avoid detection by Moscow-backed operatives already in the city. A diplomatic source told The Times that Wagner Group mercenaries could be used to locate the president and call in an airstrike on him and his team to decapitate the government. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.