A dad who plundered £30,000 from his disabled daughter and refused to give her dog back has been jailed. Christopher Hughes dipped into a fund which was supposed to support his daughter Holly who suffers from cerebral palsy. Holly decided to leave the family home after discovering what had happened, but her dad was not finished yet. In a sick twist, Hughes refused to hand back her pet Labrador Elsa, it was revealed during his trial at Maidstone Crown Court in Kent. Recorder Andrew Walker QC said: ‘She placed trust in you as her father and carer. She was a woman with a physical disability. ‘When she found out what you had done, she left the house in such a hurry that she did not take her dog with her. ‘The dog had been bought with part of that inheritance. You then refused to give back the dog on several occasions.’ Holly’s money had been inherited from an uncle and was placed in a trust fund in her name. But Hughes, who has been her registered carer since she was five years old, had the pin number and card for the account. He began dipping into the account in 2017 and by March 2020 had burnt through £29,000 — leaving almost nothing for Holly. The 60-year-old, who describes himself as a functioning alcoholic, claimed he started taking the money to cover mortgage repayments, but then used some on himself. He also said he didn’t want to give her dog back because he did not believe she could take care of it given her illness. His barrister Simon Smith said: ‘He is deeply ashamed of what he did and is sorry for what he did. ‘He made admissions to the police from the outset.’ He also said Holly had written to him because she was concerned about his drinking problem, saying: ‘I am worried that you will die like mum did. ‘I am begging you to get help.’ Mr Smith pointed out Hughes was now in the process of returning the missing cash after releasing equity from his home and it should be completed within a month. The dog was also returned at a previous court hearing. Holly, who watched the proceedings from the public gallery, told the judge in a victim impact statement that she was ‘devastated and traumatised’ by the experience and said it had affected her mental health. Before sentencing, the judge paused to check whether putting Hughes behind bars would have a negative impact on Holly’s welfare. Prosecuting, John Connor discussed the matter with Holly before confirming that it would not and the judge promptly jailed Hughes for 18 months. Addressing Hughes, who had admitted two theft charges from his own daughter, he said: ‘I am told that you are deeply ashamed and sorry about this. ‘I accept that you feel shame, but I am less convinced to the degree you feel remorse about the impact on Holly. ‘This is so serious that only a prison sentence can be justified.’ He also ordered an investigation under the Proceeds of Crime Act. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.