Strictly Come Dancing professional Nikita Kuzmin revealed that his childhood friends are currently fighting for Ukraine, amid Russia’s ongoing invasion. During Monday’s edition of The One Show Nikita – who is of Ukrainian descent – was joined by Strictly co-star Graziano Di Prima and detailed the ‘bittersweet’ moment he reunited with his grandmother in Poland. Nikita shared a snapshot of the emotional day, praising his ‘incredibly brave and strong’ relative for making the journey from Kyiv. When presenters Emma Willis and Jermaine Jenas asked about his friends, he said: ‘All my friends, all the guys, that I grew up with, training with, competing against. They are all, right now, defending the country. ‘We are all defending from the invasion. This is the only thing that keeps the country alive right now. Defending the country that we love.’ Reflecting on what his hometown looks like now, the dancer continued: ‘That’s exactly when it hits you home, when you start to see the streets where you’ve been walking, which you grew up, where all your childhood was being destroyed and bombed. ‘It’s so heartbreaking and I’m just praying for the best.’ Unfortunately, some of Nikita’s loved ones are still in Ukraine, however, the ballroom and Latin pro calls them daily and prays for their safety. ‘For the moment they are safe, and we hope that they’re fine, and hope for the best,’ he added. Nikita has continued to encourage his followers to donate, drop off donations, donate medicines, support small businesses and ‘don’t stay silent’ amid the tensions. More than one million people have been forced to leave their homes behind since the war began in Ukraine when President Vladimir Putin ordered the attack. Over 120,000 people in the UK have also offered to take in Ukrainian refugees as part of the Government’s sponsorship scheme. The ‘Homes for Ukraine’ website where people can register their interest went live last Monday, and Prime Minister Boris Johnson praised everyone involved in reaching the ‘fantastic’ milestone. The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Susanna Reid moved by Ukraine girl singing national anthem at charity concert: ‘Makes your hairs stand up’ MORE : David Walliams and Matt Lucas accused of ‘misogyny’ for impersonating Billie Eilish on Comic Relief 