This week’s What I Own is a colourful one. Nikki lives with her husband, son and dog in a three-bed Hertfordshire home that they purchased in 2011. And their vibrant period home has a distinctive Art Deco and vintage style throughout. Nikki bought the house with a £50,000 deposit and now pays £1,500 a month on the mortgage and bills. This is what she has to say about her buying experience… Tell us about yourself. I’m 53 and I work as a senior lead analyst for an investor relations company, from home. Where is your property? My house is in Ware, Hertfordshire. It’s a lovely market town and is beautiful. We moved here from North London. The River Lea is opposite my house and is fab for dog walks. When did you move in? September 2011. How much does your property cost? £235,000. How much was your deposit? £50,000. What is the monthly cost of living here now; both mortgage and bills? £1,500. How did you save up for your deposit? I got it from the sale of my previous property in Harrow. What was the process of getting a mortgage like for you? Did you find any parts challenging? I found it quite easy as I had a reasonable deposit from the sale of my flat. Where did you live before this – were you renting or living with family? I was living in a flat in Harrow that I had purchased with an ex partner. I had kept the mortgage on my own, then met my now husband and he moved in before we sold and moved to Ware. What made you want to buy rather than renting? I had left home at 17 and always rented – first rooms in flats, then flats by myself. I just always wanted to get on the property ladder. How did you find this property? What made you choose it? I wanted a Victorian house – I’ve always loved period properties. At the time I was commuting into London every day and wanted a house with a quick walk to the station – it’s also a short walk into town with all the restaurants etc. It already had a loft room, so we knew we could further extend and have a third bedroom. How have you made the property feel like home? We had a side return extension and knocked down a wall to make a nice kitchen-diner, which is lovely when having friends and family round. What’s the inspiration for your interior decor style? I love vintage and Art Deco. My house is not for everyone, I’m a maximalist but some people might think of it as clutter. I have a mixture of vintage and new furniture – mainly upcycled pieces of furniture. What’s your favourite room and why? My bedroom and en-suite. We extended this room to have a dressing area/office area and bathroom in 2019. I love the amount of space we now have and having a bathroom up there is a life-changer. Do you feel like you have enough space? There is only my husband, son, dog and myself living here so, although it’s a three-bed terraced, there is enough space of us. I would prefer a hallway but it’s a compromise I am OK with. Do you have plans to change the property? We have made all the building changes now. I decorate a lot and I’m constantly changing little bits but we won’t be having major works now, having extended everywhere we can. Are there any problems with the property that you have to deal with? We’ve had the odd leak over the years and had to have it damp-proofed, which is normal for a period property. What do you want people to know about buying a home? I think the only difference between renting and owning is that when things go wrong you need to be able to pay to put them right. I love that I can decorate how I would like, as I don’t think some landlords would let me decorate to my taste. What are your plans for the future, in terms of housing? We are happy here and plan to stay here long-term. As I said we are close to the town and my son is now 13 so it’s easy for him to get about and go to school. It would be a starter home for a lot of people but we have extended it a lot and don’t want to extend our mortgage for a larger property. Shall we take a look around? MORE : What I Own: Property developer Richard, who built his own house after buying the land for £236,000 MORE : What I Own: Playwright Laura, who bought a two-bed listed flat in Plymouth for £198,000 MORE : What I Own: Business owner and writer Kaye, who bought a two-bed flat in Brixton