Maksim Chmerkovskiy has reached Poland after fleeing Ukraine, amid the Russian invasion. The Dancing With The Stars professional, 42, has been sharing concerning updates from Kyiv after Russian president Vladimir Putin ordered an attack – and previously posted videos of himself in a bomb shelter, insisting that he is safe. After being arrested, he left the capital recently and managed to get on a train out of Ukraine. Taking to Instagram, the dad-of-one documented much of his journey, and announced that he made it to Poland. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘I’m in Poland,’ he posted earlier today, with emoji of the Ukrainian and Polish flags and a prayer hands symbol. The dancer confirmed that he still has some way to go, adding: ’31 hours no sleep, 1.5 hours to arrival. He concluded: ‘I absolutely have to say this: POLISH PEOPLE ARE AMAZING!!!!!!! ‘Thank you from the absolute bottom of my heart and soul.’ The Ukrainian-born star lives in the US with his wife, fellow Dancing with the Stars professional Peta Murgatroyd, and their five-year-old son Shai. Maks previously shared moments of his traumatic journey to safety on his Instagram story, and described the scenes at the train station as ‘insane’. While he did not speak of how he managed to specifically get on board, he told followers: ‘I made it on the train. We’re heading to Warsaw (hopefully). Train to Lviv was not an option. ‘The situation at the train station is insane. AT first it feels manageable, but it gets a lot worse when it comes time to actually board the train. ‘Long story but all I can say now is that I’m a big man with nothing but a backpack it’s traumatising.’ Describing his surroundings, Maks continued: ‘Currently, I’m in a cabin with 4 adults and 7 kids (ages 2-11) which usually is only occupied by maximum of 3 people. There’s usually up to 30 people in this particular wagon. ‘We were told we have to fit 135. Walkways are packed. People everywhere. It’s sweaty and claustrophobic.’ He shared that he was ‘finally broken’ when he witnessed an eight-year-old boy ‘hysterically crying’ and not wanting to be parted from his dad, who was staying behind to fight against the Russian army. Maks added: ‘Verbatim: “If you stay I want to stay too because if they kill you I won’t be able to help”.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Russian forces unleash attack on Kyiv’s TV tower and channels go off air MORE : How many icons can you fit on runway? Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford and Helena Christensen reunite for Off-White PFW show alongside Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid 