Looking at the exterior of this three-bed house, you’d never guess it’s got interiors befitting a king. But behind that front door lies something pretty special. Once you walk through the porch you’ll be greeted by the living room, which has some very unexpected details. First, the ceiling. That’s painted with an old school mural, complete with angels sitting on clouds inside a gold-coloured frame. So basically, as you lounge in your sofa – or the equally fancy seats currently in the house – you can look up and feel like you’re in an art museum, or an old-times palace. Adding to that feel is a bust of a woman in the corner (who we hope comes with the place), an ornate rug sitting under the gold-laced armchairs, and more gold paint decking out the mirror and a clock. What ruins the vibe slightly is the flatscreen TV. But hey, even the fanciest of royals likes a bit of The Great British Bake Off. The grandiose theme doesn’t continue throughout the house, which is on the market for £300,000. There’s a comparatively plain kitchen – although this does have nice blue cupboard doors – on the same level, then upstairs you’ll find three bedrooms and one bathroom. The property sits in Monkswell Green in Bournemouth, just a short walk from the town centre and yards from a golf course at Two Riversmeet Leisure Centre. Oh, and there is a rear garden, too, with a lawn and patio area. Perhaps that’s not as posh as the living room, but you could always redo the rest of the place to match the palace feel, buy some turkey legs, and imagine you’re a king or queen. Or you could make the monstrous choice to paint over the living room ceiling, a decision we would judge very harshly. If you’re keen to find out more, check out the Goadsby listing. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : You can stay in this super swanky luxury Ibiza villa – if you remortgage your house MORE : What I Rent: Scarlett and Xandice, £1,050 a month for a two-bedroom flat in Brighton MORE : Houseplants aren’t just pretty – they can improve the air you breathe in by 20%, too