An MP was given a polite reminder after breaking alcohol rules with a riverside drinks gathering at the houses of parliament at a time when Covid restrictions were in place. A complaint was investigated by the House of Commons, which resulted in a letter about its alcohol policy being sent to the unnamed member. The investigation took place during the first wave of the pandemic, a few weeks after the ‘bring your own booze’ garden party at Number 10. At the time, the nation was emerging from lockdown, with most of the Covid restrictions still in place, including the ‘rule of six’ limiting the amount of people who could meet outside. One campaigner said ‘blatant disregard’ had been shown for rules that were being followed at the cost of great sacrifices by the wider public. The gathering took place on the River Terrace in June 2020, according to details released by the Commons under the Freedom of Information Act. The outdoor area has seats overlooking the Thames and a heated marquee described on the Commons’ website as an ‘idyllic setting for a glass of chilled champagne in summer months’. The letter, dated June 25, reads: ‘The Serjeant at Arms has asked me to remind you of the current rules within the Parliamentary Estate, following reports that you held a small gathering on the River Terrace. ‘The current rules provide for essential access and use of certain facilities for the purposes of your essential work relating to the Chambers and the Committees. Further, in order to comply with licensing regulations, the House Authorities do not permit anyone to bring their own alcohol onto the Terrace for consumption. Signage in the area explains this.’ The letter then mentions the steps taken to make parliament a ‘COVID-secure’ workplace and states: ‘Social distancing on the Estate is a serious Health and Safety rule, as directed by the Speaker (and not guidance), which apply to all Estate users.’ The letter is marked ‘HIGHLY RESTRICTED – PERSONAL DATA’ and the name of the recipient and the sender have been redacted. The House of Commons said the letter had been sent about a breach of its alcohol policy, not about Covid rules, although nowhere in the released information does it say how many people attended the drinks or if they were indoors or outdoors. Rivka Gottlieb, of Covid-19 Bereaved Families for Justice, said: ‘This is just further confirmation of the “one rule for us and one rule for them” mentality and blatant disregard for following rules that this government have shown repeatedly. It is particularly distressing in the context of the Prime Minister’s lifting of restrictions and free testing, given that he said people should take responsibility for their own actions. ‘If MPs can’t follow their own rules, what kind of an example does that set for everyone else? I continue to be disgusted and appalled by this government’s actions.’ The House of Commons’ media team referred to the Freedom of Information Act response, which states that the letter was not intended to imply that coronavirus rules were broken. The reply reads: ‘The letter was written only because the Member had breached an internal policy, which states that “any alcohol consumed on the Terrace must be purchased from the Strangers’ Bar”. ‘While the Strangers’ Bar was closed at the time, it was nevertheless a breach of that policy to consume alcohol on the Terrace which had been purchased anywhere else. In writing the letter, the official took the opportunity to remind the Member of the other rules which were in force within the Parliamentary estate at that time.’ The incident was among dozens of complaints about Covid rules and guidelines being flouted at parliament in the months before and after the No10 garden party in May 2020, which was attended by Boris Johnson. A spokesperson for the Commons said: ‘The letter was written by a House official after a verbal complaint was received. ‘The matter was immediately investigated by House staff and the investigation concluded that there had been a breach of an internal policy concerning consumption of alcohol on the Terrace. ‘The letter was written to remind the Member of that policy, not to indicate that there had been a breach of Covid regulations.’ The Metropolitan Police is investigating the partygate allegations, which include reports of gatherings and parties at Downing Street and other places in Whitehall during Covid restrictions. Senior civil servant Sue Gray has produced a report about the affair but the full version has not yet been released and there is no exact timetable for its public disclosure. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.