Jay the West Highland terrier has been patiently waiting 411 days for a loving owner to come along. The nine-year-old canine was taken to the RSPCA Macclesfield in January 2021, when his previous owner suddenly became ill. Staff say Jay has struggled to find a new home since, as most people are put off by his baldness – which is a result of his allergies. However, what the terrier lacks in hair he certainly makes up for in character – as staff describe the little dog as ‘cheeky’ and ‘chatty.’ The RSPCA team hope adopters can look past his appearance and see Jay for the sweet softie he really is. Carmen Cole, who works at the rescue centre, says: ‘Jay is such a sweet boy – he’s a real softie and although he’s quirky and knows his own mind, he has us in stitches all the time. ‘He can be really playful and can sometimes be timid so he needs an owner who will understand his moods.’ Any potential owner must be aware of Jay’s health issues and ongoing medication – which include drops for dry eye, cream and coconut oil for his skin, special medication and medicated baths for his allergies, and ear cleaner and steroids to manage his ear infections. It’s worth pointing out that the pooch needs to go to an adult-only home with a secure garden and also one that’s carpet-free – as dust mites can cause allergy flare-ups. In addition to this, he prefers to be around humans, so can only be left for short periods. The little terrier is also sadly losing his sight – so his new owners must be prepared for this, too. Staff know that it may take Jay a little while to find the right home, but they hope his new owner is just around the corner. Carmen adds: ‘We know it is going to be a struggle to find a home that will tick all of Jay’s boxes and we understand that the cost of his ongoing care may be putting people off. ‘But we won’t give up on Jay – he is a spicy character, who is a cheeky chappie with heaps of charm and who has expensive taste – but being this cute doesn’t come cheap. It takes a lot of work to look as good as he does – he deserves the very best. ‘He’s quite chatty and can be loud sometimes as he likes to demand your attention. He’s a real softie with his own quirks and that’s what makes him so charming and lovable. ‘He is an absolute sweetheart and will make such a wonderful pet or companion for the right person.’ You can find out more about Jay by emailing rehoming@rspca-macclesfield.org.uk or calling 01625 669620. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Tips for training your dog in the basic ‘life skills’ they need to know – and why it matters MORE : Why does my dog always stare at me? MORE : Rescue dog seeking home after being overlooked by adopters due to facial scars