Bridgerton’s Jonathan Bailey has revealed he endured a humiliating wardrobe malfunction on the set of season two. Netflix’s drama took the world by storm following its debut in December 2020, and with the second season premiering in a matter of days, (March 25) fans can’t wait to see the shift focusing on the Englishman’s hunt to find a viscountess. The series made waves with its sumptuous costumes, and a competitive scene involving Jonathan’s on-screen brothers Benedict (Luke Thompson) and Colin (Luke Newton) led to a mortifying mishap. Speaking at a Bridgerton press conference ahead of season two, Jonathan said: ‘As men, we’re not going to complain about restrictive clothing when we’re sat with the women and their corsets, but the fencing outfits were quite tight in various different places and we were wearing plimsolls on quite a dewy morning on the grass. ‘Going in for my final lunge with Benedict, my crotch ripped and it’s all on camera.’ He added: ‘It’s just in those moments where you suddenly realise you’re being filmed by four different cameras and I sort of screamed, “this is just so embarrassing!”’ Backstage slips aside, viewers will watch the drama unfold as Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley) and Edwina (Charithra Chandran) both have their eyes on Anthony. But who will he choose? However, the signature sex scenes – which were a contributing factor to the show’s success – are a lot tamer this time round, which serves a striking contrast to Daphne Bridgerton (Phoebe Dynevor) and Simon Basset’s (Regé-Jean Page) steamy encounters in season one. ‘We’ve never done a sex scene for the sake of doing a sex scene and I don’t think we ever will,’ explained creator Chris Van Dusen. ‘It all serves a larger purpose and it’s a different story this season. ‘Different characters, where we’re with Anthony and Kate most of the season and that’s very different from Daphne and Simon,’ he added. Bridgerton season 2 will be available to stream on Netflix from March 25. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bridgerton creator defends slashing sex scenes for season 2 for Anthony and Kate romance: ‘It’s a different story’ MORE : Bridgerton’s Adjoa Andoh ‘touched’ by Black representation inspiring youngsters to dress in regency attire 