Thomas Tuchel hopes Chelsea’s new owners keep him as manager but admits there are ‘no assurances’ after Roman Abramovich decided to sell the club. Abramovich confirmed on Wednesday that he had taken the ‘incredibly difficult’ decision to sell Chelsea amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the threat of sanctions. Since the Russian billionaire took over at Stamford Bridge in 2003, Chelsea have developed into one of the biggest and most successful clubs in the world, winning five Premier League titles, five FA Cups and two Champions Leagues. Abramovich appointed Tuchel as his 15th Chelsea manager in January 2021 after sacking Blues legend Frank Lampard and the German led the club to the Champions League title last season and Super Cup and Club World Cup wins this term. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Tuchel wants to stay at Chelsea but admits Abramovich’s decision to walk away has caused ‘uncertainty’ and says there are ‘no assurances’ for him or any of his players. Asked about his future at Stamford Bridge in a post-Abramovich era, Tuchel said: ‘Chelsea, from my point of view, is the perfect fit and I love to be here. ‘I love working in the Premier League and in England with all the passion. Hopefully, it continues. ‘There is uncertainty and there are no assurances but isn’t it always like this as a football manager? So I have trained to live with it at different levels and this is quite the level. But I am positive and I hope things will end well.’ While several parties have expressed interest in buying Chelsea from Abramovich, it remains to be seen how much money they will be willing to put into the club for transfers. Abramovich has spent more than £2billion on incoming signings since buying the Premier League club but Tuchel says it is ‘too early’ to know if that level of spending will continue. Asked if the takeover had put any summer transfer plans on hold, Tuchel said: ‘Yes, but to be very honest, there are no talks about the summer. It’s simply too early. ‘There are always ideas and reflections on the subject but the main focus was on the last weeks, even without the noise. ‘In the different competitions, we want to as successful as we can only be and to bring out the best in our team where we had some work to do. We still have work to do to constantly improve. ‘We are in a good place at the moment. I feel the team again growing, getting better and better. No worries in this particular case until summer, it’s still a long way to go.’ Chelsea suffered a penalty shootout defeat to Liverpool in last weekend’s Carabao Cup final, before returning to winning ways during the week against Luton Town in the FA Cup. Tuchel’s side face Burnley on Saturday. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 