The UK will be sending thousands more missiles to Ukraine as Boris Johnson urged Western allies to ‘keep the flame of freedom alive’ in the country. The Prime Minister travels to Brussels on Thursday for talks with fellow Nato and G7 leaders on the situation a month on from the Russian invasion. He will use the visit to set out details of a new support package for the Ukrainian military, including 6,000 more missiles comprising anti-tank and high-explosive weaponry. In addition, the UK is providing £25 million from the Foreign Office’s conflict security and stabilisation fund to help pay the salaries of Ukrainian soldiers and pilots battling the Russians. Ahead of his visit to the Belgian capital, Mr Johnson urged other Western leaders to step up the supply of military hardware to Kyiv as well as doubling down on sanctions against Russia. He said: ‘Vladimir Putin is already failing in Ukraine. ‘The Ukrainian people have shown themselves to be extraordinarily brave and tenacious in defending their homeland, in the face of an unprovoked onslaught. ‘But we cannot and will not stand by while Russia grinds Ukraine’s towns and cities into dust. The United Kingdom will work with our allies to step up military and economic support to Ukraine, strengthening their defences as they turn the tide in this fight. ‘One month into this crisis, the international community faces a choice. We can keep the flame of freedom alive in Ukraine, or risk it being snuffed out across Europe and the world.’ Britain has already sent more than 4,000 anti-tank weapons to Ukraine, including next-generation light anti-tank weapons systems (NLAWs) and Javelin missiles. The UK is also supplying and training Ukrainian troops in the use of Starstreak high-velocity anti-air missiles as well as providing body armour, helmets and combat boots. In a further move, the Government is to provide an additional £4.1 million to the BBC World Service to counter disinformation in Russia and Ukraine as well as new support for the International Criminal Court (ICC). Meanwhile, Putin, responding to a welter of Western sanctions that have hit Russia’s economy hard and frozen its assets, said Moscow planned to switch its gas sales to ‘unfriendly’ countries to roubles – a move that alarmed international markets. And in a sign of cracks in the Kremlin’s ranks, a veteran aide to the president, Anatoly Chubais, resigned over the Ukraine war and has reportedly left Russia with no intention to return. Putin sent his troops into Ukraine on February 24 on what he terms a ‘special military operation’ to demilitarise and ‘denazify’ the country. The West says it is a war of aggression aimed at reasserting Russia’s sway over the former Soviet republic. But after a month of bloodshed, Russian forces have failed to capture a single major city. Although the Kremlin says the operation is going to plan, they have taken heavy losses, got stuck on most fronts, and face supply problems and fierce resistance. They have turned to siege tactics and bombardments, causing huge destruction and many civilian deaths. The conflict has also driven a quarter of Ukraine’s 44 million people from their homes. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.