Katie Price has revealed that fans will likely get to see more documentaries charting Harvey Price’s life during and after college as the teen ‘loves being on camera’. Harvey, 19, was born with Prader-Willi syndrome and partially blind and has recently left home to move to a residential college where he will continue his education as well as learn to live more independently. Katie has charted his first few months at his new school, National Star, in Cheltenham, from his initial hesitance in the new place to how Harvey has blossomed and made new friends in Katie Price: What Harvey Did Next. The pair had also been filmed searching for the perfect residential college in their first documentary, Katie Price: Harvey and Me, and now the glamour model is hoping for some more follow-ups to chart Harvey’s life at college and beyond. She told the BBC: ‘Harvey loves being on camera, Harvey loves being on YouTube, Harvey loves filming himself. He’s like me – what you see is what you get. ‘If he doesn’t want to be filmed one day, he’ll say “no, not today”, but then ten minutes later, he’ll want to be on film so that’s what it’s like. I’d never force him to do anything.’ Katie, 43, added that Harvey is always enthralled by his own shows despite not having the attention span to watch long programmes usually. She explained: ‘He loves it, I showed him the programme back, and he sat there just listening and watching it for an hour. ‘Now trust me, Harvey wouldn’t sit there and watch something for an hour – he was focused, and he just loved it after! ‘I would love there to be another show all about Harvey and I think it’s important because there are so many parents that are afraid to go out, because they’re embarrassed, they think people will stare at them. I’m like get lost, embrace it – he’s a credit it to me, he’s amazing in every way; challenging and hard work yes, but also rewarding.’ The mother-of-five also admitted it is moving for her to see how far Harvey has come in the past 19 years, after being told that he would be completely blind and not be able to do half of the things he is now doing. She added: ‘I can’t wait to see what the next three years of him – hopefully being at the college – will bring and what they will offer. ‘I sit there now and think “oh my god, how else can he surprise me?” because he surprises me every year. ‘If you remember six years ago, he didn’t really talk and now he talks all the time. Ten years ago he was in a wheelchair, he wouldn’t even walk, didn’t even talk, didn’t draw how he draws, and now look at him! He’s like his own little man. I’m not allowed to call him a boy, he’s like “no I’m a man!”’ Katie Price: What Harvey Did Next airs on Monday at 9pm on BBC One 