Commuters face further travel misery on Thursday as a second 24-hour Tube strike in the space of a week cripples services in the capital yet again. Thousands of members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) walked out just after midnight as part of a deadlocked dispute over jobs, pensions and conditions. Tuesday’s strike saw the Tube suspended during the morning rush hour, with only a few services running later in the day. Transport for London (TfL) bosses had advised against travel, urging those able to work from home to do so, and the same advice is being given for Thursday. TfL’s status update page shows there is no service on 10 of the London Underground’s 11 lines. Only the Central line is operating, albeit with a very limited service. The DLR is also part-suspended due to the strike action, with only the TfL Rail and Tram lines operating with a good service. The hangover from Tuesday’s strike lasted well into Wednesday morning as TfL bosses advised passengers not to travel until at least 7.30am. Similar issues stemming from Thursday’s strike action are expected to impact Friday’s services. There are fears of a repeat of huge queues and chaotic scenes at bus and taxi ranks as people switched to other forms of public transport to get to work. Andy Lord, TfL’s chief operating officer, said: ‘I would ask anyone who needs to use the Tube on Thursday to check before they make their journey, consider whether they are able to work from home and use alternative modes of transport where possible. ‘It’s highly unlikely there will be an Underground service running during the strike action and, if any service is provided, it will not continue into the evening. ‘Services will also be severely impacted until mid-morning on Friday March 4 because of a number of factors including the placement of drivers and trains following a day without service. ‘I apologise to customers for this and understand they will be frustrated by this strike action, but urge them not to take it out on those who are trying to help. ‘We haven’t proposed any changes to pensions or terms and conditions, and nobody has lost or will lose their jobs because of the proposals we have set out, so this action is completely unnecessary. ‘We know our customers deserve better than this continued disruption and that is why we’re urging the RMT to talk to us so we can find a resolution to this dispute which has already damaged London’s recovery from the pandemic.’ The RMT fears that spending cuts linked to a funding deal by the Government will lead to hundreds of job losses, reduced pensions and worse working conditions. RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said: ‘If London mayor Sadiq Khan spent as much time putting pressure on ministers for a long-term TfL funding deal, instead of accepting their cuts agenda and attacking our members, there would be no need for a strike. ‘However, as it stands, Tube staff face a raid on their pensions and at least 600 job cuts if the Government get their way. ‘No self-respecting trade unionist would accept that, particularly given the sterling work done by Tube staff keeping Londoners safe throughout the Covid-19 pandemic. ‘We remain open to talks that address our members’ key concerns, but we will not be derailed in our determination to reach a just settlement that protects jobs and pensions of Tube workers.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.