 Vladimir Putin has been cut off during an address to a huge rally in Russia on the eighth anniversary of the annexation of Crimea. The Russian President was mid-sentence when a state broadcast cut to patriotic songs – prompting confusion among audiences. He was speaking in front of 100,000 supporters at Moscow’s Luzhniki Stadium when the feed unexpectedly cut out and began playing a concert by singer and composer Oleg Gazmanov. Mr Putin hailed the ‘special operation’ in Ukraine as a ‘success’ – despite facing international condemnation over his invasion and being branded a ‘war criminal’ by US President Joe Biden. A woman translating his speech could be heard saying: ‘The beginning of the operation coincided by accident with the birthday of one of our military leaders…’ before the feed cut out. She then translated: ‘Forward Russia, forward Russia. Russia forward.’ Thousands waving flags emblazoned with the white ‘Z’ symbol – a sign of pro-Russian nationalism since the war began on February 24 – packed into the Russian capital’s World Cup stadium to hear Mr Putin speak. However, footage shared online showed some spectators booing, amid suggestions people had been paid 500 Roubles – currently worth less than £3.50 – to attend the event. ‘We are united by the same destiny,’ Mr Putin said of the people of Russia and Crimea. He claimed the people of Crimea want to ‘share their historical destiny with their motherland Russia’, telling the crowds: ‘Let us congratulate them on this occasion, it is their occasion. ‘Congratulations,’ he said, as the crowd responded with huge cheers. Fans could be heard roaring ‘Russia, Russia, Russia,’ during one part of his speech. One brave journalist who risked everything to stage a dramatic anti-war protest on Russian television claimed citizens have been ‘zombified’ by their leader. Mr Putin delivered his address as hundreds of thousands of Ukrainian people flee their homeland in the wake of his invasion. He spoke as besieged cities are bombarded with airstrikes including Mariupol where at least 1,300 people remain trapped inside a theatre. The bloodshed has prompted Ukraine’s former Prime Minister, Oleksiy Honcharuk, to sign up for the territorial army to defend his country. Metro.co.uk has exclusively revealed how ‘desperate’ Mr Putin is trying to ‘bomb civilians into submission’ after the invasion of Ukraine failed to go according to plan. Moscow has repeatedly insisted it has not targeted civilians. But United Nations political chief, undersecretary-general Rosemary DiCarlo, has called for an investigation into civilian casualties. And the US has warned there will be ‘massive consequences’ for abuses in Ukraine. The speech in Moscow came on the same day broadcasting watchdog Ofcom decided to revoke the licence of Russia Today (RT) – as the invasion triggers a ‘significant digital shift’ for Russia. The war in Ukraine was dubbed ‘like Afghanistan, but even worse’ on Russian state TV – sparking speculation Mr Putin could be losing his grip. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.