Director Jane Campion has apologised to Venus and Serena Williams following a ‘thoughtless’ comment she made about them during her acceptance speech for best director at the Critics’ Choice Awards on Sunday. The Power of the Dog director, who also netted the same award at Sunday’s Baftas, addressed the two tennis legends in the audience, who served as executive producers on King Richard, starring Will Smith as their father, calling them ‘such marvels’. She then added: ‘However, you do not play against the guys like I have to,’ with the camera panning to show the sisters’ polite laughter in response. Her remark sparked a huge backlash on Twitter, which saw the Oscar nominee branded ‘ignorant’ and the comment ‘terribly inappropriate and unnecessary’. ‘Jane taking time out of her best director speech to tell two Black women that she is more oppressed than them is PEAK white feminism,’ said Anne Boleyn star Jodie Turner-Smith, who attended the event with her husband Joshua Jackson. Campion has now apologised and moved to ‘completely celebrate’ Venus and Serena as she stated that ‘the last thing I would ever want to do is minimize remarkable women’. Her apology in full, as reported by Deadline, read: ‘I made a thoughtless comment equating what I do in the film world with all that Serena Williams and Venus Williams have achieved. I did not intend to devalue these two legendary Black women and world-class athletes. ‘The fact is the Williams sisters have, actually, squared off against men on the court (and off), and they have both raised the bar and opened doors for what is possible for women in this world.’ The Piano director added: ‘The last thing I would ever want to do is minimise remarkable women. I love Serena and Venus. Their accomplishments are titanic and inspiring. ‘Serena and Venus, I apologise and completely celebrate you.’ Elsewhere on Sunday, The Power of the Dog’s producers responded to western star and veteran actor Sam Elliott’s rant against the film, which he labelled ‘a piece of s**t’. Following Campion’s reaction – in which she said Elliot was being ‘a little bit of a B-*-*-*-H’ – producer Iain Canning told Metro.co.uk and other press: ‘It’s probably time to move on, and to talk about the film and the wonderful work everybody did. I think we’ve said everything we need to say.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bafta 2022: West Side Story’s Mike Faist on his Bafta nod, working with Steven Spielberg and being ‘anxious’ about film roles MORE : Bafta 2022: The Power of the Dog, Dune, Will Smith and Lashana Lynch lead winners at star-studded ceremony 