Harry Styles has dropped out of a project that would have seen him star alongside Anya Taylor-Joy in a remake of a classic horror film. The former One Direction star, 28, was briefly linked to director Robert Eggers’ revival of monster flick Nosferatu, which also stars Queen’s Gambit icon Anya. However there is disappointment for Harry fans – and, potentially a few horror fans – as almost as soon as the singer became attached to the project he was forced to drop out. The star was set to appear in the remake of the terrifying silent film, but cited scheduling concerns as he prepares to release his new album and brand new single. Nosferatu was first released in 1922 – 100 years ago – and was based on Bram Stoker’s 1897 novel, Dracula. It has since become one of the most iconic horror films of all time, paving the way for such legends as Frankenstein, the later Dracula, and modern horror. Should he have taken on the role, Nosferatu would have been Harry’s third film appearance following 2017’s Dunkirk and 2021 Marvel film Eternals. The singer is also set to star in upcoming film Don’t Worry Darling, which also features – and was directed by – his rumoured romance Olivia Wilde. Don’t Worry Darling follows a housewife (Florence Pugh) in the 1950s whose husband (Harry) is hiding a dark secret. It’s turning into a hugely busy year for the Adore You singer, who earlier this month unveiled the name of his third solo album, Harry’s House, along with the official artwork. And on Monday, the musician announced the majorly exciting news that his brand new single will be arriving sooner than even the most optimistic of fans could hope. In true dramatic Harry fashion, he tweeted simply: ‘As It Was. April 1,’ alongside three images of his back, showing off his collection of tattoos and toned muscles, as he linked his painted fingers behind his head. It may only be March, but Harry fans have much to look forward to throughout the rest of 2022, as he kicks of the European leg of his Love On Tour shows in stadiums this summer. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Harry for comment. Harry’s House is available May 20, As It Was drops on April 1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles announces new single As It Was with teasing promo photos and fans are losing their minds MORE : Harry Styles gets seal of approval from Joni Mitchell for new album name inspired by her song Harry’s House 