Tammy Abraham needed convincing to join Roma by his former Chelsea colleague Fikayo Tomori, the AC Milan defender has revealed. The England internationals grew up together in the Chelsea academy and cemented their places as first team regulars during Frank Lampard’s only full season as manager. Both, however, were deemed surplus to requirements by Thomas Tuchel but have enhanced their reputations since moving to Italy with Tomori impressing at the heart of a Milan defence which has underpinned their Serie A title charge. Abraham, meanwhile, made the decision to leave his boyhood club following the club-record purchase of Romelu Lukaku and had been interesting rivals Arsenal before he opted to seek an entirely fresh challenge. The 24-year-old has been vindicated and has thrived under Jose Mourinho, to the tune of 23 goals in all competitions which last weekend saw him break a record held by Argentine legend Gabriel Batistuta. Abraham wasn’t totally sold on the idea of a move to the Italian capital at first but Tomori’s guidance played a key role in his decision. ‘When he said Roma was on the table, I said: ‘Bro this is a good league’,’ Tomori told the Guardian. ‘I felt like it would develop his game a lot. He has scored a lot of goals this season for Roma, they’re fighting for a Champions League spot. ‘Definitely it’s helped him and definitely I gave him rave reviews about Serie A because I enjoyed myself so much the first six months.’ Abraham was forced to pull out of the latest England squad which, somewhat surprisingly, did not include Tomori. Responding to Gareth Southgate’s snub, Tomori said: ‘I just have to make sure I’m playing at a high level. And then when I do get called on, to make sure I’m ready. I have to focus on what I’m doing here at Milan first and foremost.’ On his own Italian experience, he added: ‘I was speaking to my sister yesterday, and that’s family, she’s known me her whole life. And she said: ‘You just seem a lot calmer, a lot smilier.’ ‘I think that’s probably the way Italy is. Everything is a bit more chilled. In England, everything is so rushed and hustle and bustle. In Italy, everyone’s walking a bit slower. Everything’s just a bit calmer.’ MORE : Eden Hazard set to miss Chelsea tie as Real Madrid forward undergoes surgery MORE : Ricketts family and NBA owner included in final four-party shortlist to buy Chelsea For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 