Bryan Adams is apparently bored of talking about one of his most iconic hits, Summer of 69, after shutting down interviewers who asked about the song. The 62-year-old singer appeared on Australia’s Today Extra on Thursday morning where he chatted to hosts David Campbell and Belinda Russell. Belinda attempted to steer the discussion to Bryan’s classic rock song, released in 1984, and said: ‘1969 though, it was a pretty big year in history; the moon landing, Woodstock, but you were just a kid back then so what is the story behind Summer of 69?’ However, Bryan immediately shut it down and replied: ‘I don’t want to talk about that, I want to talk about the new album, that’s why I’m here.’ Belinda promptly moved the conversation on and agreed: ‘Sure, well let’s talk about it, Happy It Hurts is out. It’s officially out, we were listening to it before, it’s a great song.’ The rocker released his new album, So Happy It Hurts, on March 11 and it peaked at number 29 in Canada. Bryan has spoken about Summer of 69 at length over the years and has even addressed it in recent interviews. Speaking to The Independent earlier this month, he revealed of the song’s title: ‘I only ever wrote that title because it made me laugh.’ He also told Louder in 2020: ‘There is a huge misconception that this song is about 1969, but it’s not. The reason I chose 69 is because of the sexual position. ‘Originally the song had been called The Best Days of My Life… I just threw in the lyric “It was the summer of ’69” and it stuck.’ Bryan also revealed that he recorded the classic hit three times in order to ‘capture a special energy’ but nearly lost his team in doing so. ‘I basically fought with everyone until it became the way it is today. It wasn’t easy getting it there,’ he told the publication. Summer of 69 features on Bryan’s fourth studio album Reckless and peaked at number 45 in the UK, and number five on the Billboard Hot 100 at the time of its release. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Taron Egerton drops out of West End play after testing positive for Covid weeks after fainting on stage MORE : West Side Story star Rachel Zegler ‘thrilled’ to present at Oscars after bizarre snub: ‘I can’t believe I’m saying this’ 