Easter is only weeks away and many of us are building a stash of Creme Eggs before the big day arrives. However, chances are there will be a significant number left over. So, with the lone eggs left in your presses, why not make air fried Creme Egg croissant balls? Perfect for a moreish Easter Sunday morning breakfast, the dish blends the flakiness of the classic pastry with melted milk chocolate and the sugary fondant of the egg. The brainchild of @boredoflunch on TikTok, they look seriously delicious and are wonderfully easy to make. All you need is some pre-made pastry and some Creme Eggs. The first step is to roll out the pastry and cut into triangle shapes. Next wrap and roll the pastry around the creme egg and brush with some egg to hold the pastry in place. Then simply pop into the airfryer for eight minutes at 170. You are then left with a golden and crispy croissant filled with deliciousness. All in all, each Creme Egg croissant ball has 368 calories. Since being posted the video has garnered over 784,000 views and thousands of comments. Viewers were drooling over the uncomplicated recipe. ‘Why am I seeing this when I’m in a calorie deficit,’ wrote one user. ‘I feel like these should be illegal,’ said another. Some people offered alternatives with one viewer advising to swap the Creme Egg out for a  Cadbury’s Caramel Egg instead. Meanwhile, @boredoflunch offers myriad other air fryer and slow cooker recipes. Another favourite of ours is his air fried spicy Babybels. All you need are some Chilli Heatwave Doritos, Babybels and eggs. First, crush up some Doritos and whisk the eggs in a bowl. Dip the Babybel into the egg and then cover in Doritos. Pop into the air fryer for five minutes at 170 and voilà, you have some mouth-watering cheesy treats. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The perfect recipe to make the absolute best waffles this weekend MORE : Joe Wicks shares two feel-good healthy recipes MORE : This creamy Nando’s chicken pasta recipe is all over TikTok