Rihanna has been making sure she’s stocked up and ready for the arrival of her first baby after being spotted out shopping again. The singer, 34, was seen browsing the most adorable selection of baby clothes at Couture Kids in Beverly Hills along with a friend. Rihanna, who is yet to reveal the gender of her unborn child, wore an all-pink outfit for the trip, consisting of an oversized pink shirt with glittery stripes which she left open over her bump, cream shorts and a tiny silver bag. She paired the look with ankle socks, silver lurex leg warmers and pink fluffy kitten heeled slippers, leaving her hair down in loose waves. The nine-time Grammy winner was seen carrying a tiny Fendi jumper she had selected, before squealing at a ridiculously cute coat. RiRi was seen covering her face with her hand as she gazed at a tiny trench coat her friend held up to show her, seemingly overcome by age cuteness of the tiny garment. While this shopping trip might have been to a high-end store, Rihanna has previously picked up her baby essentials at budget chain Target. She was seen picking up packs of white babygrows as well as considering an orange ruffled dress, either for her own child or as a gift for someone else. The Fenty founder is in the third trimester of her pregnancy and is soon to welcome her first child with boyfriend A$AP Rocky, 33. Opening up about her pregnancy, Rihanna recently told Elle she’s in the ‘where you wake up and you’re like, oh, do I have to get dressed?’ stage. She added: ‘There’s a pregnancy glow. There’s also those days, girl. Especially in the third trimester, makeup for sure helps you feel like a real person. ‘I just focused a lot on moisturising and on contouring. The face gets a little round and chubby. The nose starts to spread. Everything is a challenge, from getting dressed and how you’re going to do your makeup. But I like challenges.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna cheekily jokes about diamond ring as fans convinced she’s engaged to A$AP Rocky MORE : Rihanna shows off huge baby bump as she jokes she’s ‘preggo AF’ 