A former police chief constable has been found dead at home less than two weeks after stepping down from the force. Simon Cole, 55, who served in policing for more than 30 years, was discovered today at his home in Kibworth Harcourt, Leicestershire. His death has been referred to the coroner and No further details have been released yet. Colleagues at Leicestershire Police praised the ‘great impact’ Simon had on the communities he served and called him a ‘greatly respected man’. During his long career, Simon also served with West Midlands and Hampshire police forces. Temporary Chief Constable Rob Nixon said: ‘It is hard to put into words how devastating this news is for the entire force who loved and respected Simon. ‘Our hearts go out to his family at this difficult time and we will support them as much as we can. He added: ‘I know Simon had a great impact on many of the communities of Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland and his death will be a great loss to many of the people he worked with. ‘All we can do is pull together and mourn the loss of a greatly respected man.’ A public book of condolence will be set up on the force’s website in the coming days. Simon grew up in Leicestershire and was educated in Market Bosworth, Northampton, Oadby and Colchester before joining West Midlands Police on a graduate entry scheme in 1988. He joined Hampshire Police in 2003 as assistant chief constable where he led on delivering neighbourhood policing. He then became deputy chief constable in 2008 before returning to Leicestershire as chief constable in June 2010. In 2014 he was awarded the Queen’s Police Medal in the New Year Honours and was also made an honorary doctor of arts by De Montfort University. Simon retired from the force earlier this month, with his last day as chief on March 18. Telling how she was ‘desperately saddened’ to hear the news, Home Secretary Priti Patel tweeted: ‘He was passionate about delivering for the people of Leicestershire, the area where he grew up, and dedicated his life to policing. ‘We owe an immense debt of gratitude to police officers like Simon and my thoughts and prayers are with his family at this difficult time.’ Rupert Matthews, Police and Crime Commissioner for Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland said: ‘Simon Cole was the epitome of a great chief constable whose commitment to public service has been unswerving. ‘We live in a safer place thanks to his leadership.’I know that the officers and staff, past and present, of Leicestershire Police will feel his death keenly. ‘It was always clear to me that he was held in high regard and with genuine affection at all levels and I ask that people remember that in the coming days. They will be grieving. ‘My thoughts and sympathies are with his family, friends and colleagues. I sincerely hope that they are given the time and space to grieve in peace.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.