Rosie Jones has shared how ‘life-changing’ she found her upcoming Comic Relief opera challenge, which will air on BBC One tonight. The comedian, who has cerebral palsy, is one of five famous faces to take part in the competition as part of the annual Red Nose Day charity event. Alongside Nina Wadia, Tamzin Outhwaite, Scarlett Moffatt and Helen George, Rosie has been given just 24 hours to learn a famous opera aria, before performing it live together on stage at The London Coliseum. To make it more daunting, they’ll be accompanied by the ENO orchestra and chorus, in front of an audience of 2,000 die-hard opera fans. Rosie, who speaks openly about her disability as well as uses it to her advantage in her comedy, revealed how the training she’s received has been very impactful. Reflecting on the experience so far, she said: ‘Oh my God. Right now, I’m so happy! ‘A few weeks ago, Comic Relief came to me and said, “How would you feel about doing the Comic Opera?” and I said, “Bloody terrified!” ‘I can barely talk, never-mind sing opera. I had the audition with an opera singer called Sarah, and she was amazing and she said, “Rosie, you can sing.”’ She went on to describe how the experience has helped her and added: ‘Just thinking about my voice, and speech and I can now sing a little bit but I can tell in my disability I’m talking better. ‘I don’t use the phrase “life-changing” willy nilly, but honestly, this process has absolutely changed my life.’ Rosie shared her approach, explaining: ’When I do something, I absolutely put 100% into it. ‘It’s how I approached Comic opera and it does help that by me doing it, it shows A) everybody can sing but B) if you want something, if you want to do it, and you put hard work in, literally anything is possible. ‘I’ve never let my cerebral palsy stand in my way, [the opera] is just another little challenge I’ve approached head-on, and just having the time of my life. The comedian and presenter, 31, met all her fellow budding opera singers earlier this week and shared how quickly they all bonded. She said: ’I can’t tell you how quickly we bonded, we joked we’ve all bonded over the trauma but actually there’s just a group of brilliant women and there’s no one else I’d rather do it with. ‘Just the fact we’re all it together and we can all support each other and I feel so much more confident knowing I’m doing it with four amazing and brave women!’ Sara Cox will be on the sidelines cheering the girls on as they’re put through their paces – but will they make it through the challenge of the Comic Relief Opera? Comic Relief airs tonight from 7pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Zoe Ball becomes latest star drop out Comic Relief last minute due to Covid: ‘Fell at last hurdle’ MORE : David Walliams on reviving Rock Profile spoof skits with Matt Lucas for Comic Relief: ‘It’s good to be working with him again’ 