Five people are said to have been killed after Kyiv’s main Tv tower was bombed. An advisor to the country’s Interior Ministry, Anton Herashchenko, accused Russian forces of trying to disrupt the building’s communication signal with the attack. The Ukrainian Foreign Ministry said the strike on Tuesday was close to the country’s Holocaust Memorial complex. Unconfirmed reports suggest the complex itself had also been hit. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The head of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s office, Andriy Yermak, said on Facebook that a ‘powerful missile attack on the territory where the (Babi) Yar memorial complex is located’ was under way. Babi Yar, a ravine in Kyiv, is where nearly 34,000 Jews were killed within 48 hours by SS troops in 1941 when the city was under Nazi occupation. Video footage appears to show the aftermath of the strike on the TV tower, which emergency services say left five people dead and another five injured. Local journalist Illia Ponomarenko reported that local authorities had promised to repair the tower and resume broadcasting. It comes as Russia warned Kyiv residents to flee their homes on Tuesday, with observers fearing that the bombardment of the capital is set to intensify. A huge convoy of Russian military vehicles – said to be around 40 miles long – was seen heading for the capital earlier today as Vladimir Putin’s forces stepped up their bombardment of Ukraine. The tower was still in tact after the bombing in the heart of Kyiv, but some state broadcasting was knocked out. The blast sounded around the city and smoke was seen rising in the Babi Yar district, before the interior ministry said equipment had been damaged and that some ‘channels won’t work for a while’. Ukrainian officials released footage of firemen at the scene with charred bodies after the apparent Russian attack. Metro.co.uk has chosen not to publish those images. The Ukrainian parliament confirmed Russian forces had hit the TV tower amid some suggestions on social media that another building had been hit. Local media also reported that there were several explosions and that Ukrainian TV channels stopped broadcasting shortly afterward. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : How can I join the Ukraine foreign legion? MORE : Ukraine claims 5,710 Russian troops have died since invasion began