Pictures show President Volodymyr Zelensky visiting Ukrainian soldiers injured protecting their country against Vladimir Putin’s onslaught. The leader presented troops and medical staff at a military hospital with medals to recognise their service. He was seen shaking hands and taking selfies with servicemen as he stood by their bedsides. Ukraine’s Ministry of Defence named the men the ‘wounded defenders of Ukraine’ in a post on Twitter. It comes after 35 people were killed in airstrikes at a NATO-linked base close to Ukraine’s border with Poland. People in Kyiv have been digging trenches and setting up barricades to prepare for a long-feared brutal attack. However, officials from both countries have hinted some sort of deal could soon be announced. ‘I think that we’ll achieve some results literally in a matter of days’, Mykhailo Podolyak, a Ukrainian negotiator and adviser to Mr Zelensky, has said. Meanwhile, Russia’s Leonid Slutsky was quoted as saying: ‘According to my personal expectations, this progress may grow in the coming days into a joint position of both delegations, into documents for signing.’ It is unclear exactly what exactly ‘results’ could mean – and whether this refers to humanitarian routes, a ceasefire or the end of the war. Mr Podolyak has warned ‘we will not concede in principle on any positions’. He added: ‘Russia now understands this. Russia is already beginning to talk constructively’. Ukrainian presidential adviser Oleksiy Arestovych previously said Mariupol is an important focus for negotiators. ‘Apocalyptic’ scenes are emerging in the besieged city, with food and water running low and mass graves being dug, the Red Cross has warned. Ukrainian presidential adviser Oleksiy Arestovych said talks were ongoing tonight. But this was contradicted by Russia, with Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov insisting they are planned for Monday via video link, RIA reports. Boris Johnson told Mr Zelensky this afternoon that Putin’s ‘barbaric actions’ are ‘testing not just Ukraine but all of humanity’. Speaking of a phone call the pair shared, a Downing Street spokesman said: ‘He commended the president and the Ukrainian people on their fortitude.’ He added: ‘The leaders condemned the murders of Brent Renaud and countless innocent Ukrainians, and the abduction of the mayors of Dniprorudne and Melitopol. ‘The Prime Minister outlined the support the UK continues to deliver to Ukraine. He said the UK would continue to pursue more options for bolstering Ukraine’s self-defence, working with partners including at Tuesday’s meeting of the Joint Expeditionary Force in London. ‘The Prime Minister said the UK would continue to stand behind Ukraine in all their efforts to bring an end to this disastrous conflict.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.