The Apprentice viewers saw Brittany Carter become the first of two casualties of the boardroom tonight after her product was ripped apart by Lord Sugar’s aide, Mike Souter. Brittany has been one of the most energetic candidates in the history of the show and never let her enthusiasm for the process waver. But it was the hotelier’s time to depart this evening, as she became the latest casualty of the boardroom. However, one particularly brutal moment for the health and fitness obsessive came when she faced Mike in her interview. The business mogul had Brittany’s protein-infused alcohol drink made up to a recipe laid out in her business plan. But when she was made to try the sample, he heavily critiqued the taste and called it ‘chalky.’ Brittany has since spoken out about the mortifying moment, and admitted the drink he’d had made didn’t even taste that much like her own formula. She told Metro.co.uk and other press of emotions running high: ‘It wasn’t easy at all. I remember I said to myself before, don’t cry on TV, don’t cry on TV. I got 10 weeks and then I fell at the last hurdle. ‘With Mike, it is very, very testing, because he will pose very difficult questions, and he will not allow you to work your way around the answer. He wants you to be direct. ‘It’s almost like he puts you in a position where he knows that you’ve got a flaw and there isn’t anything that you can say and it makes it particularly difficult. ‘When he had made a recipe for the drink, I was so nervous, but it didn’t taste even like what my recipe was! ‘I don’t know why I didn’t say that,’ she added She went on to share of her tears: ‘The reason I was upset was that I’m so passionate about it and it’s going to be shown that it doesn’t taste nice and that’s the most important thing. ‘I think the whole thing was just quite difficult and the rest of that interview was quite similar, just concentrating around those areas as well. I think that Mike didn’t really think that there would be a demographic of people who would be into their health and fitness, but that do drink alcohol from time to time. ‘So my job really was to prove that demographic of people do exist. And that is what I put in my business plan, a lot of research and evidence to prove that there is a demand for this product. While Mike seemed slightly more complimentary in the boardroom when giving feedback to Lord Sugar, it wasn’t enough to convince him she was right to receive his investment. Elsewhere, Stephanie Affleck – who proposed to set up an online second-hand children’s designer site – was the second to be fired this evening. This means either Kathryn Burn or Harpreet Kaur will end up winning the £250,000 prize – but who will Lord Sugar choose to go into business with? The Apprentice concludes next Thursday at 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Apprentice’s Claude Littner ‘couldn’t leave the house’ after iconic ‘yoo-hoo’ interview MORE : The Big Questions: Karren Brady on The Apprentice, Imposter Syndrome bias and criticism of Molly-Mae Hague 