A 10-year-old gymnast killed in the Russian bombardment of Mariupol was on course to become an Olympic champion, a Ukrainian representative for the sport has said. Kateryna Dyachenko died in an apparent artillery strike on her family home in the besieged city on Ukraine’s southern coast. Gymnastics official Lidia Vynogradna told Metro.co.uk that she will ‘never be able to forgive Russia’ for the bloodshed unleashed on her country that has reduced the seaport to ruins. Lidia described Katya as a ‘hard working’ and ‘passionate’ athlete who cared about everyone around her. The medal-winner, shown smiling brightly after triumphs at competitions, had been at home with her parents and brother as the city came heavy bombardment from Russian forces.  According to Ukrainian social media channels, she died when a shell hit the house. ‘One of the bombs hit Katya’s home while she was with her mum, her brother and her father,’ Lidia said. ‘Katya and her father had a ceiling crash down on them and they died immediately. The mother saw everything. ‘The mother and son survived and they were brought to the last remaining hospital in Mariupol. We talked to a neighbour who was bringing them clothes and some other stuff. ‘The mother was psychologically in a very bad condition. Between March 16 and 17 the Russian aviation bombed that hospital where they were and nobody survived, so the whole family died.’ Lidia, 34, from Kyiv, broke the news through her Instagram account on Wednesday, saying that Katya’s ‘great dreams’ had been cut short by Russian forces who ‘want to burn this heroic city to ashes’. She told Metro.co.uk that she had met the rhythmic gymnast and her coach, Anastasia Meshchanenkova, ‘on numerous occasions at various national competitions’. In 2021 the official met Katya for what would be the final time at an event in Lviv, western Ukraine. Pictures shared by Lidia, who belongs to the Ukrainian Rhythmic Gymnastics Federation, show Katya’s huge promise as she took part in competitions and displayed trophies and medals. ‘Katya was a hard-working gymnast who went to various competitions and won medals,’ Lidia said. ‘She was talented and could have become an Olympic champion one day. ‘The club where she was practising was always noting that she was a super rhythmic gymnast who was very passionate about the sport and was always helping everybody.’ Katya died in Russian forces’ heavy bombardment of Mariupol, which has wrought catastrophic humanitarian consequences. The barrage of shelling and aerial attacks has included the bombing of a children’s and maternity hospital on March 9 which was met with revulsion from around the world. At least 100,00 people are now thought to be trapped and on the brink of starvation as the strategically valuable city continues to be pounded from the sky by the Russian military. ‘I have been living in Kyiv with this horror since day one,’ Lidia said. ‘I don’t think we will ever be able to forgive Russia for what is being done.’ Anastasia also expressed her outrage at the young exponent’s death, writing on Instagram: ‘Can there be any excuse for this? Look at this talented girl. ‘She could give a smile to the world! What are the children guilty of? ‘I believe that everyone involved in this crime will find a place in hell.’ As of Tuesday, 2,400 civilians had been killed in Mariupol since the Russian invasion began 30 days ago, according to officials in the city. Reports of desperate conditions include people drinking water from puddles, with the bombed-out roads so severely damaged they can no longer be used by ordinary cars. The death toll was cited by US Secretary of State Antony Blinken as he said the strike on the maternity hospital and another on a theatre had taken place despite the facilities being ‘clearly identifiable’ as in use by civilians. He spoke to deliver an assessment by the US that members of Russia’s forces have committed war crimes in Ukraine. Today, it was further reported that at least 300 people died when the theatre, which was being used as a shelter, was bombed on March 16. The city council said the figure came from eyewitness reports, with the building having been ‘cynically destroyed’ despite a huge sign reading ‘children’. Metro.co.uk has attempted to contact Mariupol officials for further details about the incident that claimed Katya’s life. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.