Boris Johnson has been urged to sack Priti Patel over the Home Office’s handling of the Ukrainian refugee crisis. Liberal Democrats leader, Sir Ed Davey, branded the Home Secretary’s response to the ‘humanitarian catastrophe’ as ‘utterly shameful’. ‘She answered desperation with delays. Crisis with confusion. Pain with paperwork,’ Sir Ed said. He insisted the nation wants to welcome people fleeing Vladimir Putin’s invasion ‘with open arms.’ ‘The British people want to offer them a home – but Priti Patel has slammed the door in their face,’ he added. Sir Ed accused Ms Patel of showing ‘incompetence, indifference and sheer inhumanity’. ‘It couldn’t be clearer that Priti Patel is not up to the job,’ he said. ‘The buck stops with the Prime Minister. So Boris Johnson must sack her, now.’ Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer also took a swipe at the Home Office this morning, saying its actions amounted to an ‘embarrassment for the United Kingdom’. The criticism comes as Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove blundered the number of people being granted visas to enter Britain. He mistakenly said it was 300,000 – but when asked to clarify conceded it was just 3,000. On Monday it was revealed that the UK had granted just 50 visas – equivalent to 1% of applications – while neighbouring Poland had taken 1million. The Government has also faced fury from its own MPs over the speed and scale of the Home Office response. Ministers were told to pull their fingers out and be more ‘open hearted’ in a scathing attack by one of Britain’s most senior former military officials, Lord Dannatt. And French President Emmanuel Macron has also condemned Downing Street for failing to live up to its ‘grand statements’ on helping Ukrainian refugees. Mr Gove appeared on Sky News’ Sophy Ridge on Sunday programme to talk about the Government’s new Homes for Ukraine scheme to help people fleeing the war, which will pay UK sponsors £350 per month. Local councils will receive £10,000 per refugee with additional payments for school-age children, the Levelling Up secretary said. The bloodshed continues to escalate in Ukraine – amid fears President Vladimir Putin is ‘crazy enough’ to deploy nuclear weapons – and could ‘destroy the world’. Capital Kyiv is bracing itself for an ‘all-out attack’ after 35 perished in an airstrike by Kremlin forces near the Polish border. In a previous statement the Government vowed to stand ‘shoulder to shoulder with Ukrainians’, adding: ‘We will keep our support under constant review.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.