A pilot has been jailed after lying to land a job with British Airways. Craig Butfoy made false claims to get and retain work with BA’s subsidiary BA CityFlyer and former Irish regional airline Stobart Air, the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) said. The 49-year-old entered false details and altered entries in his flight logbook so it appeared he was more experienced than he was. He was sentenced to 12 months in prison at London’s Snaresbrook Crown Court on Monday, after admitting four charges of fraud and two breaches of the Air Navigation Order 2016  at a previous hearing, according to the CAA. BA insisted that there was never any risk to its flights. It said Butfoy, of Matfield, Kent, was a fully qualified pilot, but the court heard that he had falsely claimed to have flown 1,610 hours as a captain in a job application submitted to BA CityFlyer, which is based at City Airport. He worked for the two airlines between April 2016 and March 2018. Jonathan Spence, general counsel at the CAA, said: ‘The Civil Aviation Authority’s prosecution and the sentence imposed show that offences of this kind are taken very seriously by the Civil Aviation Authority and the courts. ‘Pilot integrity is at the heart of aviation safety and we will take all steps necessary to maintain that position.’ Details outlined in court papers included an allegation that Butfoy made up detail on his CV, including that he had held a private pilot’s licence since 1998, and fabricated documents, including a training course certificate. British Airways said in a statement: ‘The safety of our customers and crew is always our priority, and the fully-qualified pilot was suspended and an investigation launched as soon as BA CityFlyer became aware of discrepancies in his employment record. ‘At no point was there any risk to customers or colleagues.’ BA CityFlyer operates Embraer 190 aircraft from London City Airport to domestic and European destinations. Stobart Air, Aer Lingus’s regional carrier, collapsed in June last year after running into financial trouble during the coronavirus pandemic. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Pilot charged with flying illegal immigrants into the UK on his plane