A group of 50 Ukrainian orphans who were promised refuge in the UK have been prevented from leaving Poland after a paperwork delay blocked their flight. The youths, who range in age from two to 19, were due to fly with their carers from Warsaw to London on Monday as part of a charity initiative green-lit by Home Secretary Priti Patel. They were set to be resettled in Stirlingshire by Dnipro Kids, which was set up by supporters of Edinburgh’s Hibernian FC after the club played their home team Dnipro FC in 2005. None of the youngsters are believed to have passports, and the lack of parents meant the Polish and Ukrainian governments both had to sign off on their resettlement. Although the youngsters were evacuated from Dnipro three weeks ago, an agreement was not reached until Thursday. A form that the Polish Ministry of Family and Social Policy was expecting from their Ukrainian counterparts was not received in time. As a result, a Virgin plane due to transport them did not leave Heathrow on Monday and cannot leave until at least Wednesday. The children and their carers are now awaiting an alternative in a hotel in Znin. SNP Westminster leader Ian Blackford, who was due to join the flight, said: ‘We’ve been up against a race against time to get the paperwork that needs to be in place signed off on and there’s been a delay on that. ‘So, for the time being, it means that nothing is going to happen today. ‘I think the key thing is that a lot of people will determine everything is done to support the orphans that are currently in Poland. ‘That has always been the first and last concern of all of this, so we’ll continue to work with everybody to make sure that arrangements can be put in place to give the children that sanctuary in Scotland.’ Speaking before the delay, Steven Carr, the chairman of the charity which led the evacuation efforts, said they were ‘just thankful and relieved that we are getting the kids to the safety of the UK, and to Scotland, at last’. He added: ‘We’ve known these children and their carers for many years, and when they said they wanted to get out we were determined to help. ‘The assistance we have had from the other charities and organisations has been very important to us, and we wanted to place our thanks to them on the record. ‘It is also very important to us to place our thanks on record to the UK Government and to the governments of both Ukraine and Poland for their help, understanding and assistance.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. For more stories like this, check our entertainment page. Follow Metro.co.uk Entertainment on Twitter and Facebook for the latest celeb and entertainment updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.