Brittney Griner’s family have said that she’s ‘ok but not good’ as she remains incarcerated in Russian prison until May 19 at least. The 31-year-old was taken into custody shortly before president Vladimir Putin ordered the violent invasion of Ukraine across air, land, and sea which has decimated the country in recent weeks. Russian authorities allege that Griner was carrying vape capsules filled with hashish when she was stopped at Sheremetyevo International Airport. She will remain in custody until at least 19 May after investigators were granted an extension. Since 2014, Griner has played for Russian team UMMC Ekaterinburg during the off-season of the US league the WNBA, where she plays for the Phoenix Mercury. A family source told ESPN that ‘we know she’s OK’ after being reassured by the athlete’s Russian legal team.  ‘I wouldn’t say she’s “good,” but she’s OK.’ American consular officials have not been granted a visit with Griner, who is being held in a three-woman cell in Khimki, north of Moscow. ‘We insist the Russian government provide consular access to all US citizen detainees in Russia, including those in pre-trial detention, as Brittney Griner is, a US State Department spokesperson told The Independent. ‘We have repeatedly asked for consular access to these detainees and have consistently been denied access. Russia must abide by its legal obligations and allow us to provide consular services for US citizens detained in Russia. ‘We take our responsibility to assist US citizens seriously, and we will continue to press for fair and transparent treatment for all US citizens when they are subject to legal processes overseas.’ The White House has faced questions about whether Griner is being used by the Kremlin as a pawn as in their geo-political strategy. ‘Well, we have, of course, seen the reports, I cannot speak to the specifics of it as we do not have a Privacy Act waiver, but our objective is always to bring American citizens home who are detained in foreign countries, so that will remain our focus and that is what we would like to see the end outcome to be,’ said White House press secretary Jen Psaki. Ofcom revokes Russia Today’s broadcasting licence days after it was taken off air in UK US warns China against sending military aid to Russia to help Ukraine invasion For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 