Maksim Chmerkovskiy has flown to Poland to help Ukraine during the ongoing Russian invasion. The former Dancing With The Stars pro is back in Eastern Europe just weeks after returning to Los Angeles after fleeing Ukraine, where he had been filming World of Dance Ukraine in Kyiv. Earlier this month, he was back in California with his wife and son Shai, five, but now he is in Poland to help with relief efforts after admitting he felt ‘survivor’s remorse’. In an Instagram Live on Sunday, he said: ‘Hi everybody. I’m fine. I’m good. I spent some time at home. ‘I enjoyed some of that Los Angeles weather. Saw my family, saw my friends, obviously spent some time. And we’ve been working. We’ve been working on tangible opportunities to help.’ The professional dancer and his family have launched a charity organisation called Baranova 27 – which takes its name from the address he was born at in the city of Odesa, Ukraine. He continued: ‘My father and my bother, together with a lot of people that we work with all the time, that we just friends with, and with the help of whom, we’ve started our organization, Baranova 27. ‘For those of who’ve been following, Baranova 27 is the address where my father, myself and Val were born, in Odesa in Ukraine. So, that’s where, sort of our roots are at. ‘And we’ve been working diligently on making Baranova 27 something that, as big as it took off, that it can continue that way.’ As well as an upcoming fundraiser, Maksim will also visit Bethanny Frankel’s organisation BStrong to help their efforts, and he will be on the ground in Poland to distribute aid while giving updates to his fans around the world. ‘Right now, we’re getting a little bit hungover, people are getting tired. And this is the time, that I would like to ask everybody to realize that it didn’t end or slow down, it got worse in Ukraine,’ he added. ‘I would really, really like for you guys to give yourself a day off. Tune out, go to church, spend time with your family. Do your thing. ‘But please, come back to us and come back to realisation that a lot of people still need our help, and we should continue providing this support, because we now showed Ukraine as a world, that we can all do it together, and we have to continue probably doing that.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing With the Stars’ Maksim Chmerkovskiy battling ‘survivor’s remorse’ after fleeing Ukraine MORE : Maksim Chmerkovskiy’s wife Peta Murgatroyd ‘forever grateful for his return from Ukraine: ‘I’ve never hugged him so tight’ 