A worried mum fears children across the UK could be ‘damaged’ by routine weight checks. Lauren Ormesher, from Lancashire, was shocked to receive a letter saying her four-year-old daughter Maggie was ‘overweight’ following a Body Mass Index (BMI) check at school. Maggie, who goes Morris dancing each week, is described as ‘very healthy’ by her mum. The little girl has previously been crowed the ‘petite’ Lancashire winner of national pageant Miss Diamond UK. The 32-year-old mum said: ‘We got a letter home saying she’s overweight – I put a post up on Facebook and it turns out a lot of kids all over the country got this letter saying they’re overweight. ‘I was quite shocked as she’s a very healthy child and to see the word “overweight” seemed crazy. ‘Then I felt angry at the damage a letter like this could do to such young children.’ Now, Lauren has started the ‘#ByeByeBMI’ campaign online calling for an end to BMI checks in schools. She fears the letters about children being ‘overweight’ could lead to parents restricting their children’s diets, or the children themselves developing eating disorders. ‘Maggie is quite active – she goes Morris dancing once a week, and she’s not overweight or anything in the slightest,’ Lauren added. ‘It’s about spreading awareness. ‘A lot of people are not happy with the BMI weight checks. There are alternative methods of keeping children healthy rather than weight checking them. ‘The end goal is to stop it completely. If they’re going to do health checks it needs reform. They need to get rid of the inaccuracy of it. ‘These methods that are used aren’t going to identify children who are severely overweight; it’s just going to cause children to have issues with themselves. ‘It causes the parents stress as well, if they feel they’ve failed as a parent and their child is fine.’ Health bosses in Lancashire maintain BMI weight check help to ensure young people maintain a healthy weight and have an active start to life. Dr Sakthi Karunanithi, Lancashire County Council’s director of public health, said: ‘This is one of the services we provide to support the families of 0 to 19-year-olds, which help to ensure young people maintain a healthy weight and have an active start to life. ‘BMI is one of a number of indicators of people’s health, but every case is different and we’d encourage any parents with concerns to contact their school nursing teams for help and support.’ A spokesperson for HCRG Care Group – which runs the Lancashire Healthy Young People and Families Service – added: ‘We do understand it can be upsetting for parents to hear that their child has been measured and identified as overweight or underweight against the national target range, we hope they appreciate the information is intended to help identify where positive changes can be made and provide the support to make those changes.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.