Ukraine has accused Russia of planning a ‘terrorist attack’ on the Chernobyl nuclear power plant. Kyiv’s military intelligence unit said it believes the Kremlin is planning the ‘creation of a technological catastrophe’ to blame on Ukraine. They also claimed Russian forces have collected the bodies of Ukrainian soldiers killed at an aiport outside the capital to be used in the staged attack. Without offering further proof, they claimed ‘Putin is ready to commit to the nuclear blackmail of the world community for the sake of actions to support Ukraine’. Western intelligence agencies have long warned the Kremlin may order ‘false flag’ events to use as a pretext for further intervention. The claims were circulated on the official Facebook page of the Main Intelligence Directorate of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine, a government-linked account. It is one of several increasingly alarming claims and counterclaims coming out of both Kyiv and Moscow alleging nefarious plots on the parts of their opponent. Chernobyl, the site of the world’s biggest ever atomic disaster has been controlled by invading forces for several days, with scientists held hostage to keep it running smoothly. The International Atomic Energy Agency has warned the situation at the plant is deteriorating, with remote radiation monitoring and communications cut off in recent days. Parts of the decommissioned station are being run on backup diesel generators after power was cut off. The new warning comes hours after Ukraine accused Russia of an act of ‘nuclear terrorism’ for the shelling of an atomic lab in the east of the country. A fire broke out at the Kharkiv Institute of Physics and Technology last night, a facility known to store radioactive materials and nuclear equipment, after an assault. Russia drew international condemnation for shelling forces protecting Europe’s largest power plant earlier in the conflict after fighting broke out around the Zaporizhzhia, leading to dire warnings a stay rocket could trigger a meltdown. Even China – which has refused to criticsed Russia over the invasion – issued a rare reprimand to its ally over the operation. Nato allies are yet to respond to the incredible Chernobyl claims by the Ukrainians but it comes on the back of grim warnings the West fears Russia plans to deploy chemical weapons. In recent days the Kremlin has upped its propaganda war, pushing false claims that Ukraine is manufacturing weapons of mass destruction with the help of the US. The White House has dismissed these claims as ‘preposterous’ and warned they could be part of narrative-building ahead of Russian deployment of chemical warfare. President Volodymyr Zelensky said the accusation itself was ominous. He told Ukrainians: ‘That worries me very much because we have often been convinced that if you want to know Russia’s plans, they are what Russia accuses others of.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.