Rafael Nadal feels ‘very sorry’ for Naomi Osaka after a heckler reduced her to tears on court at Indian Wells but says players need to be prepared for such ‘adversities’ as it is sadly part and parcel of the sport. Osaka was playing her third event since taking a break from tennis in September to protect her mental well-being when she was heckled by a fan. During her demoralising 6-0 6-4 defeat to Veronika Kudermetova on Sunday, former world number one Osaka was brought to tears by a heckler who yelled “Naomi, you suck”. Speaking on court after the match, an emotional Osaka said the incident reminded her of Venus and Serena Williams being heckled at the same tournament in 2001. ‘I’ve been heckled before and it didn’t really bother me,’ the Japanese star said. ‘But being heckled here. I’ve watched video of Venus and Serena get heckled here and if you’ve never watched it, you should watch it. And I don’t know why, but it went into my head and got replayed a lot.’ The Williams sisters boycotted Indian Wells for 14 years over the events of 2001. Nadal, the most successful male tennis player in history, said: ‘These kind of questions are tough to answer because in some way, I mean, the easy answer for me is I feel terrible about what happened, that never should happen. ‘The real thing, in the real world, that happens, you know? I feel very sorry for her. ‘We are having, in my opinion, a great life. We are very lucky people that we’re able to enjoy amazing experiences because of our life, because we are tennis players. We make money. ‘Even if is terrible to hear from that, we need to be prepared for that. We need to resist these kind of issues that can happen when you are exposed to the people. ‘At the same time, as we like a lot when the people are supporting, when something like this happens, we need to accept and move forward. ‘I understand that probably Naomi, she suffered a lot with his probably kind of issues that she has, mental issues. ‘The only thing that I wish her is recover well from that and wish her all the very best. But the life, nothing is perfect in this life. We need to be ready for adversities.’ World number one Daniil Medvedev experienced problems with the Melbourne Park crowd throughout his most recent Australian Open campaign and in particular his defeat to Nadal in the final in January. The US Open champion said: ‘I didn’t see it by my own eyes, and I didn’t watch the videos after, so I just heard it from someone who heard from someone, so I don’t want to go too much into it because I didn’t see actually what happened. ‘It’s tough for everybody because I can feel for Naomi. I mean, I felt not great in Australia. I can feel the fans that maybe going to say, what the hell? You know they’re getting millions. They should be ready for everything. ‘At the same time we’re humans. We all make mistakes, good decisions. Sometimes we feel bad. Sometimes we feel good. ‘So basically I can understand that Naomi didn’t feel that great when she heard it and I can completely understand her feelings. ‘But I didn’t really see it with my own eyes, so I don’t have much to say. Yeah. Life would be easier if everybody would be calm and not angry, but same, even talking about me, I get angry, so I should be better also.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 