West Ham have been drawn against Lyon in the quarter-finals of the Europa League, avoiding Spanish giants Barcelona. The Hammers could, however, take on Xavi’s Barca in the semi-finals, with the two sides on course to cross paths if they win their respective last-eight ties. David Moyes’ side completed a dramatic 2-0 victory over Sevilla on Thursday night to overturn a 1-0 deficit from the last-16 first leg and book their place in the next knockout round. In front of their own fans at the London Stadium, West Ham put in a top performance against the most successful team in Europa League history, with goals from Tomas Soucek and Andriy Yarmolenko securing the win. Barcelona got past Galatasary in the Round of 16, and they now face Eintracht Frankfurt in the quarter-finals. Meanwhile, Rangers go up against Braga in the last eight after beating Red Star Belgrade over two legs. The semi-final draw was also made, with West Ham or Lyon facing Frankfurt or Barcelona, and Leipzig or Atalanta set to play Rangers or Braga. Speaking after the win over Sevilla, West Ham midfielder Declan Rice told BT Sport: ‘I said this after the FA Cup win against Leeds, I’ll take anyone and I think the lads will take anyone as well. ‘There’s no-one to fear. Sevilla were probably the favourites. When the draw came out, people thought we had the hardest draw and we were going to get knocked out… and we’ve knocked them out! ‘So, look, we can go away anywhere and get a result and teams coming here know they’re in for a game when they step into this stadium with our fans, so I’m ready to take anyone.’ Pundit and former Hammers winger Joe Cole then suggested Barcelona as a potential tie, saying: ‘Me and the guys fancy the Nou Camp, we’ve heard they do some nice paella down there!’ Rice replied: ‘You’ve had some big nights there as well geez! Yeah it would be special to go there and face Barcelona. ‘Like I said, this is what this club deserves. We’ve worked hard for this, from a relegation battle when Moyes first came in to getting in Europe last year. ‘Not having the biggest of squads this season, a lot of question marks over how far we’re going to go and what we’re going to do, yet we’re still up there in the Premier League and into the quarter-finals. So there’s a big buzz around the place!’ MORE : Jamie Carragher makes top-four prediction as Arsenal defeat gives Man Utd, West Ham and Tottenham hope For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 