A cocker spaniel and a 14-month-old toddler are totally inseparable. Billy the dog and little Lily love going on walks and napping together and have been close ever since the latter was in the womb. Mum Suzie Peissal explains that Billy would rest his head on her baby bump, while she was pregnant with her daughter. And when Lily came home from the hospital, the pooch was incredibly gentle with the newborn – and their friendship blossomed from there. Suzie, 28, says: ‘It was like he knew he had to be careful. ‘Even before she was born he used to lie with his head on my tummy where my bump was. ‘Now, she returns the favour and she’s always gentle with him, she doesn’t grab at him or anything like that.’ Billy has even helped Lily reach some major milestones, including walking. When the youngster was learning to walk, she would often lean on patient Billy as she found her feet. ‘When she was coasting (so able to pull herself up and walk when she held onto something) she always held onto him,’ adds Suzie. ‘Now, she’s a big walker, we go out most days and she loves it.’ Lily now returns the favour by trying to sneak Billy some of her breakfast every morning. The best buddies love spending as much time together as possible. Suzie says: ‘Once, I found her asleep in his dog bed, which I thought was hilarious because her bed is so much more comfortable. ‘They do nap together sometimes, but usually it’s Billy waiting outside her bedroom door while she’s asleep.’ The family also love going out on walks together – where Lily enjoys holding Billy’s lead and the canine ensures everyone keeps pace with his best friend. Suzie continues: ‘If we go out on a walk, obviously Lily isn’t as fast as the rest of us, but Billy is always there encouraging her along. ‘I got Lily a tiny lead to clip onto his collar, and she loves to walk him with it. ‘While we’re out I hold onto his main leash, and she has her smaller version. ‘It makes her feel more involved, and she looks so sweet walking around with it.’ Mum Suzie adds that Billy’s sweet nature extends to their playing, too. ‘He has a stuffed hotdog toy that she brings to him when she wants to play, and they do tug of war with it,’ she adds. ‘Billy always lets her win, and he’s so gentle with her.’ What an adorable duo. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Inseparable dog best friends who love to be side by side are looking for a home together MORE : Your dog can grieve – here are the signs to look out for MORE : Dogs and their owners review eight of the best pup-friendly subscription boxes