The Kremlin has moved to dispel rumours Russia’s defence minister has had a heart attack or been detained. Sergei Shoigu is a close ally of Vladimir Putin and oversees the running of the armed forces in his senior cabinet role. Despite his position, he had not been seen in public for more than two weeks, prompting speculation about his condition and whereabouts. Ukrainian officials have openly speculated that he had suffered a heart attack during the early stages of the war. Government advisor Anton Gerashchenko claimed on Friday: ‘Shoigu’s heart attack happened after a tough accusation by Putin for a complete failure of the invasion of Ukraine.’ There had been further speculation he may have been detained or sidelined in response to Russia’s failure to swiftly take control of the country. One opposition Telegram channel in Russia circulated unverified reports that the security around the defence minister had been strengthened, which it said was a form of detention. The new appearance marks the first time the supposedly-leading Kremlin official has been seen since March 11. In the video, uploaded on social media, Mr Shoigu said he had discussed issues related to the military budget and defence orders with the finance ministry. Appearing in full uniform, he said: ‘We continue ahead-of-schedule delivery of weaponry and equipment by means of credits. MORE : In the court of Tsar Putin: The key Kremlin figures behind the Ukraine war ‘The priorities are long-range high-precision weapons, aircraft equipment and maintenance of engagement readiness of strategic nuclear forces.’ The meeting was attended by a number of top Russian army officials including the chief of the General Staff, Valery Gerasimov, who also had not been seen in public recently. Shoigu was seen on screen in a video clip of a meeting between president Vladimir Putin and his Security Council on Thursday, but was not shown speaking. Some observers speculated that the appearance was recorded footage and not live. The latest video has not totally dampened speculation about the 66-year-old’s health, with some claiming his complexion is greyer and voice more laboured than usual. Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov has previously played down speculation about Mr Shoigu’s health, saying he simply did not have time for media appearances. He added: ‘The defence minister has a lot on his mind right now. ‘A special military operation is underway. Now is not really the time for media activity.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.