This dad has transformed his previously damp and unused basement into a rustic bar that can hold up to 30 guests. Adam Cone, from Sheffield, spent nine months creating a stunning underground bar in his home that hosts family film nights, quiz nights, poker nights, football matches, and plenty of family birthday parties. The 34-year-old says that 80% of the materials he used were reclaimed, meaning the total project cost him £2,500 – including a double fridge, a beer pump, lighting, and some of the other fixtures and fittings that he couldn’t nab for free. Adam, an excavator operator, said: ‘It was a wasted space that was full of damp. It wasn’t useful for storage because things would get ruined. ‘We enjoy having family and friends around at our house so it made sense to make something to host guests but also a clean and cosy place for the family to spend time. ‘I’d say the bar has a rustic and cosy atmosphere with a mix of traditional and industrial elements.’ Much of the timber used for the renovation came from Adam’s work, and he found old pallets, tiles, flooring, and a door for a snip on Facebook Marketplace. ‘Other people chipped in to help us out too,’ said Adam. ‘My friend’s dad upholstered the corner seat and my mother in law upholstered the chairs for us.’ He continued: ‘My dad helped with digging out the floor which had to go down nearly two-foot because we needed to gain enough headroom to stand up as I’m 6ft 4inches. ‘The children were there to help too. My son and eldest daughter carried bricks out from the original floor to be recycled into a new patio outside. ‘And a few friends also helped get the concrete in to make the new concrete slab for the floor.’ Adam says that he has always been a DIY enthusiast and used his existing skills to complete the project. However, he has also learnt some new techniques, such as how to source materials for as little as possible, as he admits that he’d previously just buy without looking at the price. Adam said: ‘The bar has given us a brilliant family room where we have already enjoyed numerous birthday parties, film nights, game nights and family quizzes without even leaving the house. ‘It also saves on the babysitters because when the children are in bed and asleep, it allows us to continue the night with family and friends knowing that the children are safe. ‘My son, Joseph, had part of his birthday party down there last week and Ruth, my wife, had hers in there over Christmas with about 30 guests down in there at the same time!’ At may have cost £2,500 to get the home bar up to snuff, but Adam and his family will be saving plenty on pub pints and venue hire. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : A centuries-old converted church could be yours for £725k, but there’s a spooky catch MORE : One-bedroom flat in Royal Crescent featured on Bridgerton is on sale for £1million