Good Morning Britain presenter Laura Tobin no doubt woke up with a big shock realising she had overslept for work after a boozy night out partying. The meteorologist was due to present her regular weather slot on Friday’s episode of the ITV programme alongside Kate Garraway and Ben Shephard. However, she was noticeably absent when it cut to her familiar segment and Charlotte Hawkins was ready to step-in instead. Ben and Kate didn’t hesitate to fill viewers in on Laura’s whereabouts and revealed she had attended the ultimate news quiz with the GMB team, as well as This Morning’s Alison Hammond and Loose Women’s Charlene White. ‘She’s the last to wake-up this morning, she’s overslept,’ Ben revealed, as Kate chimed in: ‘Nobody could raise her!’ as it cut to her empty seat by the weather map. Charlotte said: ‘I was going to cover her back and I thought no one would notice, I’ll just seamlessly carry on and fill in until she gets here.’ Kate then quipped: ‘That’s because you’re a lovely person, Charlotte. Ben and I want to revel.’ ‘She brought the trophy home, she’s supposed to bring the trophy in,’ Ben informed viewers, prompting Kate to explain further: ‘The whole plan was, she would take it home because she was in this morning. She was going to bring the trophy in, we were all going to celebrate the win for Good Morning Britain, which is lovely… ‘But nobody could raise her this morning, could they? I think if we all put £1 on her voice being husky, we won’t be disappointed.’ On a more serious note, Charlotte revealed the quiz was for a good cause as it raised £200,000 for Action Child and the Disasters Emergency Committee. Ben could resist taking one more jab at his MIA co-host after Charlotte flawlessly read the weather, saying: ‘I’m not messing around, Laura makes such a fuss about how hard that is, you make it look very easy.’ A jaw-dropped Kate stepped in to defend Laura, saying: ‘Stop it! To be fair, Laura is a meteorologist, she looks at the chart, she gathers the information. Charlotte was, to be fair to you, brilliantly reading someone else’s work. ‘I’m just trying to make up for the fact that we’ve named and shamed Laura for being an oversleeper.’ GMB’s favourite weathergirl eventually rocked up just before 7am looking pretty bright all things considered, and revealed she actually turned down the after-party but simply forgot to set her alarm. However, she may have been a little hungover as she revealed to viewers she was eating chicken nuggets for breakfast and drinking coke – which she clumsily spilt. Throughout the night, Laura had shared photos on her Instagram stories of her posing with Alison and Charlene and drinking champagne and wine. It seems she anticipated having a sore head in the morning, as she quipped in one caption: ‘A late night on a school night-Could be interesting for @gmb tomorrow!’ The chaos was worth it though as Team GMB won the quiz and were seen raucously celebrating in Laura’s Instagram stories, and posing with their well-earned trophy. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pete Davidson mysteriously drops out of Blue Origin space flight days before launch: ‘He’s no longer able’ MORE : Dolly Parton will remain on Rock & Roll Hall of Fame ballot even after she publicly turned down nomination 