The British Government will sanction Everton investor Alisher Usmanov due to his ties to the Russian state. The 68-year-old’s companies have played a key role in financing the Premier League club in recent years, with Russian firm USM paying £12 million-a-year to sponsor the team’s training ground. Usmanov previously held a 30 per cent stake in Arsenal but sold his shares for £550m in 2018. On Wednesday, Everton announced that they have suspended all of their sponsorship deals with Usmanov’s companies. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Usmanov also owns property in London and Surrey, including Sutton Place, the Grade I listed Tudor mansion set in 300 acres, which he purchased for £10m in 2004. Russia’s former deputy prime minister Igor Shuvalov, the chairman of Vnesheconombank, has also been sanctioned by the UK Government. Usmanov has already had his 500-foot Dilbar superyacht, which is worth £450m, seized by German authorities in Hamburg this week after he was sanctioned by the European Union. In response to the decision, he said: ‘I believe such a decision is unfair and the reasons employed to justify the sanctions are a set of false and defamatory allegations damaging my honour, dignity and business reputation. ‘I will use all legal means to protect my honour and reputation.’ Speaking in the House of Commons on Thursday, Labour MP Chris Bryant called for Usmanov to be sanctioned along with Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich. Speaking in the House of Commons on Thursday, Bryant once again questioned why the UK Government has not seized Abramovich’s assets. ‘Some of us are anxious about why we’re not going further on the sanctioning of individuals,’ Bryant said. ‘It’s a mystery to me why Roman Abramovich has not yet been sanctioned. The Government itself knows he’s been engaged in illicit activity and he’s a person of concern to the Government, which is why they’ve not been encouraging him to come to the UK. ‘I don’t know why Alisher Usmanov has not yet been sanctioned. He’s been sanctioned by the EU but not by us. He owns Sutton Place, I don’t know why we don’t seize that asset. ‘I don’t know why the UK has not yet seized a single yacht, or a flat, or a property of any kind, whilst over countries in Europe are able to do that. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 