Charity shops are home to all kinds of second-hand delights. But there’s no denying that they can sometimes feel a little overwhelming. Thankfully, a woman on TikTok has shared a few of her savvy shopping tips for finding charity shop gems. Abigale Masters has shared some simple pointers to keep in mind, when searching for bargain pieces. Firstly, she says that it all comes down to location. She explains in her video: ‘If you don’t have easy access to charity shops, I suggest getting out of your town and going somewhere super low-key. ‘Not London and not to a busy city, because every other person in the world is there, hunting doing exactly what you’re doing. ‘I get my stuff, my designer stuff, my really cool stuff, from really low-key towns.’ Abigale’s second tip involves tackling the shop itself – and she says it’s important to take your time and to be thorough. She adds: ‘Tip two: it is like a free for all, you are going to have to rummage, get on your hands and knees, get on the floor. ‘You have to pull every item out, you have to pull them apart to see. ‘Basically if you’re lazy, charity shopping is not the one for you, you’ve got to go with time. ‘I take whole days to go charity shopping, if I’m in a rush I know I’m going to miss good things.’ The thrifty shopper also stresses that no section should be missed – as you never know where a brilliant piece could be hiding. She continues: ‘Don’t miss a section. When I tell you the number of cute baby tees I’ve found in the kids’ section. ‘No one is going to judge you for looking in the kid’s section or the man’s section.’ Abigale also adds that it’s important to go to every single shop, too. ‘Never skip a charity shop either, every charity shop will have something you want. Go in every single one,’ she adds. ‘You really need to go in there open-minded, knowing that you are going to find so many things you can style, that you can sell or that you can do whatever you want to do with them.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : People are trying to whiten their teeth with kiwi – but does the TikTok hack actually work? MORE : ‘Twee’ hair is all over TikTok right – but what is it and how can you achieve it? MORE : White women have discovered laid edges and are calling them ‘sticky bangs’ on TikTok