A hit-and-run on one of Los Angeles’s most dangerous streets was caught on camera during a reporter’s live broadcast. KTLA reporter Gene Kang was reporting about another deadly collision that had taken place at the same location. However, in the midst of his broadcast on Thursday, Kang was interrupted by two cars colliding right behind him. Following the collision, one of the cars immediately sped off. Kang had been saying: ‘Officials say it’s one of the most dangerous streets in all of Los Angeles, and now…’ before he was abruptly cut off by the crash. He then continued: ‘Just more evidence as to how scary it is here on Hoover Street.’ He added that the victims of the shocking collision were not hurt. Kang had been reporting on a crash last month where a 42-year-old man had been struck and killed. The police have recently offered a $50,000 (£38,300) reward for any information about the driver in the crash that killed Jemmy Chavaria on February 26. Kang later shared the clip of his live broadcast to Twitter, writing: ‘Crazy crash! I was covering a fatal hit & run story yesterday. ‘I was pointing out one of the most dangerous streets in #LosAngeles (Hoover & 84th Street) – then this happened! We called 911, helped the victims and @LAPDHQ has this video and the license plate. Stay safe!’ One follower commented: ‘They say timing is everything and in this instance, yours was perfect.’ Another added: ‘You could not have timed the “It’s one of the most dangerous…” line better. Geez.’ Metro.co.uk have contacted the Los Angeles Police Department for a statement. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Monty Python returning to British TV for first time in 35 years MORE : Lorraine Kelly reveals ITV was evacuated over ‘wee present with a battery’ in package addressed to her 