Strictly Come Dancing star Nikita Kuzmin’s grandmother remains stuck in Ukraine and issued a plea to the UK Government to help with the cost of the war effort. Chatting on Lorraine Kelly on Thursday morning, the dancer said he was ‘struggling to compose’ himself over the ongoing conflict in his home country. He said: ‘It’s so inspiring to see the Ukrainian people fight… Everyone’s coming together to defend our country.’ Meanwhile, he explained some of his family members – including his grandma – are still in Ukraine as he shared his worries to the host: ‘We still have connections to her, we are video calling her all the time, she is trying to protect us from being scared. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘Every time we can hear a gunshot or explosions in the background, she’s telling us it’s a movie on the TV but only a couple of hours after [we speak] she’s confessing it’s real… it’s incredibly scary.’ While on air, he told viewers what they could do to help – also urging the UK Government to help the effort in Ukraine. He said to the Government: ‘Please help us cover this… there is a disparity between the Ukrainian and Russian governments… [Russia] are bombing everything right now. ‘They are trying to disconnect us from our families. They need help. ‘To the hospitals, if you can admit some of the children who need help, contact the Ukrainian embassy.’ The Strictly pro has been vocal in recent days about his worries for his family amid the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine. He shared a video filmed from an apartment block in the Obolon district of Kyiv, where blasts could be heard in the background. The clip – filmed near to where some of the dancer’s family live – also appeared to show a military vehicle stopping at a car park. Nikita captioned the footage: ‘This is happening in Kiev, in Obolon – where I grew up. My grandma, is right there, couple of minutes away. ‘Later in this video, you can see a tank going over a civilian car with innocent people in it,’ he added. More than one million people have been forced to leave their homes behind since the war began in Ukraine. Overnight, fighting continued, with several loud explosions heard around Kyiv The brutal shelling of Kharkiv continued – with local media claiming three schools were hit Key cities like Mariupol, Chernihiv and Enerhodar remain in Ukrainian hands but Russian forces appear to be in control of Kherson, the first major city to have been taken. Earlier this week, he shared a post from Ukrainian president, Volodymyr Zelensky, where he showed off several newspaper front pages from across the world. ‘The whole world knows the truth. The whole world hears. The whole world supports us and we feel it,’ the president captioned the post. ‘Thanks to so many of you who donated! This is why we have a platform like this. To help and spread awareness about what’s really going on. Please keep donating if you have a chance,’ he penned. ‘Keep sharing information about the severity of the INVASION so we can get more help,” he continued, before adding: ‘Don’t stay silent – talk, discuss, post, donate, give accommodation, help with transport. ‘This is not only Ukraine’s fight. This is for the whole world. It’s a fight for peace, for freedom.’ Born in Ukraine, Nikita and his family moved to Italy when the dancer was nine years old. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Terrifying moment Russian forces aim tank and guns at ITV crew as they flee Mariupol, Ukraine MORE : Bastille frontman Dan Smith shows solidarity with Ukraine wearing colours of flag at NME Awards: ‘You can’t help but feel hopeless’ 