Our House lead star Martin Compston has admitted the show will not be returning for a second series for a ‘bad sequel’. The ITV series came to a dramatic end this week with viewers finally learning the truth about the secrets of the Lawsons’ family home. Based on the book by Louise Candlish, the thriller tells the story of Fiona Lawson (Tuppence Middleton) who arrives home to see another family moving into her home. The issue is she has no idea who they are – and her house has never been up for sale – so as she struggles to get hold of estranged husband Bram (Martin), it becomes clear the secrets and lies have only just begun. The ITV drama had kept viewers gripped as they embarked on the rollercoaster journey of married couple Fi and Bram, who live together in the mysterious blue house with their children – until he has an affair with their mutual friend Merle (Weruche Opia). From then, scandals, lies and secrets unfold with the final episode leaving viewers with a satisfying conclusion as the ending was explained amidst the season’s twists and turns. While some may be desperate for more, Line of Duty star Martin has revealed exclusively to Metro.co.uk that the series was a ‘one-off’ and he doesn’t want to return with a ‘bad sequel’. He said: ‘I think, with Our House, really when you get a script through, you know it’s a one-off and you’re not going to come back. ‘You’re fully committed to it in those terms, you can’t have any regrets, you can’t think, “Oh we’ll pick that up and then we need to leave all there and go off at it full pelt.” ‘It’s exciting, in some ways, to go “Right we’re going to do this and that’s gonna be it.” ‘Because I think too many things I’ve loved, whether it be movies or TV shows, and then watched a bad sequel. ‘And the one thing that does drive me up the wall now is the amount of people who come back from the dead. ‘It takes away all the jeopardy in the first thing because then you watch the first great film again and go, well, I don’t need to feel any emotion here for this death because I know he or she’s alive in the next one. ‘So it really does take away from that. I think you’ve got to be careful. I think it’s something that has just been able to go right. ‘Made a good show and let’s leave it at that.’ Speaking about how some shows are best left alone as one-offs, Martin added: ‘Definitely, Our House is definitely in that category as well. ‘And I think by the end people will realise why.’ Our House is available to watch on ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Line of Duty’s Martin Compston credits Vicky McClure and Adrian Dunbar helping him through ‘intense’ scenes MORE : Our House ending: ‘Shocking’ finale leaves viewers with unanswered questions after Martin Compston and Tuppence Middleton twist 