Roman Abramovich may not be the only senior Chelsea figure leaving the club in the near future with two long-serving directors set to depart when new ownership takes over. The Russian oligarch confirmed on Wednesday evening that he is looking for a buyer for the Premier League side – which he has owned since 2003 – and is prepared to write off the £1.5billion he has loaned to the club. Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss revealed earlier in the week that he had been approached by Abramovich to buy the club and is believed to have joined US tycoon Todd Boehly in a consortium readying a massive offer. Although Abramovich has almost no involvement in the day-to-day running of Chelsea, a takeover will not simply see a like-for-like swap of billionaires controlling the purse strings at Stamford Bridge and the existing infrastructure remaining the same. Club chairman Bruce Buck and director Marina Granovskaia have been integral to the running of Chelsea – but they could also leave when Abramovich sells the club in what will arguably have a bigger impact than the departure of the owner himself. According to The Guardian, the two board members – who have enormous power and control at the club – would be very unlikely to stay after a takeover and are expected to depart. Buck, a season ticket holder since the early 1990s, has been a director of Chelsea since Abramovich bought the club 19 years ago and took over as chairman the following season, overseeing the running of the west London club and representing them in various arenas. Granovskaia has been Abramovich’s de facto ‘chief of staff’ across many of his business interests for the past two decades and took up a more prominent role at Chelsea from 2013 onwards, when she joined the board. Despite a relative lack of football experience, Granovskaia – who is a dual Russian and Canadian national – has become one of the leading directors in European football. She has been in charge of Chelsea’s impressive approach to player transactions in recent years and is hugely respected by the rest of the Premier League. Losing both Buck and Granovskaia would leave a massive power vacuum at Chelsea and strip out years of knowledge and experience of running one of the biggest clubs in Europe, with Abramovich not the only big shoes the new owners would need to fill. MORE : Thomas Tuchel reacts to Roman Abramovich officially putting Chelsea up for sale MORE : New Chelsea owners face £2.2bn Stamford Bridge bill after buying club from Roman Abramovich For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 