‘I need to say, as the Money Saving Expert who’s been known for this, I am out of tools to help people now.’ When Martin Lewis conceded that the energy crisis has spiralled to the point that even he is running out of ideas to help people, it was a bleak wake-up call to all of us that we are heading into one of, if not the, worst poverty crisis most have ever faced. I’ve always been a huge fan of Martin Lewis. Despite having a minimal knowledge in economics, I remember he immediately grabbed my attention when his enthusiasm burst through the screen presenting segments on GMTV, sharing his unbeatable knowledge and passion for solving money problems for those who desperately need it. Martin himself boasts a pretty remarkable net-worth as founder of MoneySavingExpert.com, which he sold for over £25million in 2015. Since then, his own personal wealth has only expanded substantially (he’s estimated to have a net-worth of £125m in 2022), but arguably his motivation has still always been to help the people. Personally, when Martin speaks, I listen. Not only does his CV speak for itself, rarely, if ever, do I ever see anyone on television, radio or elsewhere have such force, determination and care in every single piece of information they deliver, and treat every person they speak to with unrivalled levels of respect and attention. Really, that should be the bare minimum when we turn to experts or even politicians but alas I can think of exactly zero people in a similar position that display the same oomph or knowledge as Martin, which is also likely why I trust his every word. Sadly, the same cannot be said for Boris Johnson, whose tenure as Prime Minister has been hanging on by a thread since it was alleged several boozy gatherings were held in Downing Street, a few in his presence (even if he wasn’t aware), while most of us stayed at home, stuck to the rules and kept away from our family, friends and colleagues because we, at least, remembered there was a pandemic. Naturally, the Russian invasion of Ukraine has proved to be distraction from ‘partygate’ but for how long? The thing is, there is no one on either side of the House of Commons really coming forward as worthy opposition. As a lifelong Labour voter, the idea of Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak replacing Johnson isn’t particularly settling either. Looking to the left, I can’t say Sir Keir Starmer has done much to inspire faith he’d turn the country’s woes around. Despite Boris Johnson’s countless failures as Prime Minister during a pandemic, I have absolutely no recollection of Starmer doing or saying anything particularly memorable since becoming Leader of the Opposition two years ago, even during the most uncertain reign and a time that has completely shattered the lives of working class people he’s been chosen to represent. Martin, however, is another story. If anything, the last two years has proven celebrities – or anyone with a platform -that share any genuine empathy or understanding of what it means to be a person living on the breadline have been far more effective than any politician. Marcus Rashford’s blistering attack on Government for refusing to feed starving children during school holidays was a total game-changer. He convinced a Tory government to take an extraordinary U-turn and had the full backing of the British public behind him. If only Starmer was capable of doing the same. It would be easy to snarl at the thought of someone like Martin Lewis or Marcus Rashford stepping up to become this country’s leader, but genuinely, over the last two years, few people in or out of Parliament have shown any signs of being more capable. And that’s not been lost on the public. Every time Martin presents Good Morning Britain, answers calls on This Morning, or lays out the facts on Sunday Morning, cries for him to become Prime Minister are frequently popping up on Twitter. And actually, are they that far-fetched? Just look at Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelensky started his career off as a comedian and actor – winning the country’s version of Dancing With the Stars – but has gone on to gain admiration from everyone across the world as one of the most courageous and determined leaders in living memory. Obviously, I cannot and would not imagine how Martin Lewis would grasp leading a country through an invasion from a nation 28 times its size, but looking at the poverty crisis being felt in the UK, I would without a doubt put my trust in daytime TV favourite over anyone actually making the crunch decisions. Even Parliament turned to Martin on Tuesday when he was called to give evidence over the living nightmare that is the current energy crisis, telling MPs that the current package to help those on the lowest incomes is ‘not enough’. How they’ll respond, at the time of writing, we’re yet to find out. But he’s realistic, he presents himself to be more informed than anyone actually making the decisions and, more importantly, he has our undivided attention. Martin Lewis for Prime Minister? Sounds good to me. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Cost of living is so high even Martin Lewis has run out of advice MORE : Martin Lewis warns today’s mini-budget won’t do anything to help with bills MORE : Martin Lewis calls for crackdown on energy firms ‘doubling’ direct debits