West Ham midfielder Declan Rice says the east London club fear no-one after knocking Sevilla out of the Europa League and he would welcome a quarter-final tie against Barcelona. The Hammers faced a one-goal deficit going into Thursday night’s last-16, second-leg tie against the Spanish side – who are the most decorated club in Europa League history and are currently second in La Liga. But West Ham produced a heroic performance at the London Stadium to book their place in the next round, with Tomas Soucek levelling the scores on aggregate before Andriy Yarmolenko netted an emotional winner in extra-time to send the home fans wild. There are still some massive teams left in the competition – such as RB Leipzig, Atalanta and a resurgent Barcelona – but Rice says rival teams will not want to face West Ham and he would welcome a trip to Camp Nou. Asked who he wants in the next round, Rice told BT Sport: ‘I said this after the FA Cup win against Leeds, I’ll take anyone and I think the lads will take anyone as well. ‘There’s no-one to fear. Sevilla were probably the favourites. When the draw came out, people thought we had the hardest draw and we were going to get knocked out… and we’ve knocked them out! ‘So, look, we can go away anywhere and get a result and teams coming here know they’re in for a game when they step into this stadium with our fans, so I’m ready to take anyone.’ Pundit Joe Cole then offered up Barcelona as a potential tie, saying: ‘Me and the guys fancy the Nou Camp, we’ve heard they do some nice paella down there!’ Rice laughed and replied: ‘You’ve had some big nights there as well geez! Yeah it would be special to go there and face Barcelona. ‘Like I said, this is what this club deserves. We’ve worked hard for this, from a relegation battle when Moyes first came in to getting in Europe last year. ‘Not having the biggest of squads this season, a lot of question marks over how far we’re going to go and what we’re going to do, yet we’re still up there in the Premier League and into the quarter-finals. So there’s a big buzz around the place!’ Rice revealed that his ankle was causing him some trouble after the game, which could make him a doubt for Sunday’s massive clash with Spurs, while David Moyes has not given the squad Friday off despite the players asking for some time to revel in their win. MORE : Spartak Moscow slam UEFA’s decision to kick them out of Europa League MORE : Ralf Rangnick responds to Manchester United fan asking to sign Erling Haaland, Declan Rice and Jules Kounde For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 