Rosie Jones has spoken out about the Queen’s reported ‘reluctance’ to use a wheelchair, pointing out that using a mobility aid is ‘not a defeat’. The comedian, who’s often been applauded for speaking about ableism [discrimination in favour of able-bodied people], shared a snap of herself in a wheelchair, draped in a union flag and holding two smaller flags at the Paralympics. Rosie, who has cerebral palsy, used the chair, which she dubbed ‘Maureen’ to get around while covering the Paralympics, later revealing it had been a huge help. ‘Disappointed to read of The Queen’s reluctance to use a wheelchair,’ she wrote. ‘In 2022 ableism and internalised ableism is still everywhere. Mobility aids are not a defeat. They are life ENHANCING.’ Rosie, 31, went on to quip: ‘Elizabeth love, don’t you want to look as sexy as me and Maureen.’ Christopher Biggins, said to be a friend to the Royal Family, who is best known for his acting career, recently claimed Queen Elizabeth has been cancelling her engagements because she does not want people to see her using a wheelchair. Speaking on GB News, he said: ‘It’s a real worry and I hope she is able to make her anniversary celebrations because it is not that far off.’ ‘I have heard that the reason she is not doing a lot of the events that she should be doing and cancelling them is because she is in a wheelchair. ‘She doesn’t want to be seen because she’s very proud. She has been like this for the whole of her life.’ Rosie has often shone a light on the shocking ableism she’s faced, including vile abuse after she made an appearance on Casualty in November. In the show, her character was pregnant. She shared a photo of herself in costume with a fake baby bump, writing at the time: ‘Thank you so much for all the lovely messages about my appearance on Casualty last night. ‘Here’s some hot backstage content of me with my bump! Unfortunately, the BBC canteen didn’t give me double dinner portions even though I insisted that I was eating for two.’ She also shared a vile comment filled with ableist slurs, telling her followers: ‘Just received this Insta comment. ‘Although messages like this are an unfortunately regular occurrence for me, I still don’t understand how people are so full of hate they think it’s ok to write this kind of abhorrent abuse. ‘Stop ableist abuse. Stop hate online. Stop all of this.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rosie Jones would ‘absolutely’ love to go on Strictly and dubs winner Rose Ayling-Ellis her ‘hero’ MORE : Rosie Jones: ‘I was terrified over Comic Relief opera challenge but it’s absolutely changed my life’ 