Machine Gun Kelly has been called on to ‘apologise to Black women’ after comments he made in the past began recirculating on social media. The rapper, who is engaged to actress Megan Fox, was being interviewed on-camera at the 2012 BET Awards when the red carpet reporter asked him about a tweet where he mentioned ‘liking chocolate milk’ referring to Black women. In the Baller Alert video which is still available on YouTube, he then replied: ‘My child’s Black. Black girls give the best head.’ MGK – real name Colson Baker – is father to 12-year-old daughter Casie who he shares with ex-partner Emma Cannon. His comments have been met with fresh backlash, notably from Canadian singer Alice Glass who tweeted: ‘This video of mgk is disturbing.’ The Crystal Castles singer then elaborated: ‘Why, as a white man, would you ever talk like this? fetishizing Black women and in such a disrespectful way!? ‘Show respect for Black Women who’s culture you are appropriating. Apologize for this @machinegunkelly this was beyond disgusting. ‘But all this isnt just about one artist. there is a bigger picture here. this is about how men who act like this are still given power and opportunities in an industry that willfully perpetuates sexist, racist and abusive behavior. it needs to change [sic].’ After being accused of ‘clout chasing’, Glass said: ‘Together we should be trying to protect young girls. I do not understand what some of you are trying to defend by insulting me. I just saw these videos and was extremely upset by them. so I’m showing you what the man said out of his own mouth.’ She also highlighted another throwback interview in which MGK said he was attracted to supermodel Kendall Jenner, who was aged 17 at the time. MGK, 31, has a big week ahead as his sixth studio album, Mainstream Sellout, is due for release on Friday. It comes 18 months after his last album, Tickets To My Downfall, became his first number one on the US Billboard 200 chart. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Machine Gun Kelly’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Denise Van Outen’s ex Eddie Boxshall shares expletive post and vows to get his ‘shine’ back following sexting claims MORE : Stevo The MadMan hilariously mistaken for Skepta by excited fan – and goes along with it 