A faulty exhaust is the most likely the reason fatal levels of carbon monoxide built up inside the cabin of the plane carrying the footballer Emiliano Sala, an inquest has heard. The 28-year-old died alongside 59-year-old pilot David Ibbotson when the aircraft carrying the pair crashed into the sea near Guernsey in January 2019. The Argentinian striker had just signed for Premier League club Cardiff City in a £15 million transfer from French Ligue One side Nantes. The jury in the inquest into the Premier League footballer’s death was previously told he had suffered from ‘severe’ carbon monoxide poisoning. Brian McDermid, an inspector with the Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB), said there were only two plausible explanations for the build-up of the gas in the Piper Malibu plane – fire or a damaged exhaust. He told Dorset Coroner’s Court there was no evidence of a fire in the cabin of the single-engine aircraft prior to the crash and therefore the exhaust system was the likely cause. Mr McDermid said carbon monoxide was an odourless and tasteless gas that can result in death in between one and three minutes. He said piston engine exhaust fumes contained between 5% to 7% carbon monoxide. ‘We first became aware of carbon monoxide being an issue when we received the toxicology report,’ he said. ‘At that point we had been looking at a loss of control in flight and flight break up.’ The inquest heard how the Piper Malibu carrying Sala was fitted with an onboard heating system, which drew cold air in from outside. The air passed through a sealed chamber and was heated by the exhaust gasses as they flowed through the system. Mr McDermid said the most likely cause of the carbon monoxide was from exhaust gasses leaking into the heater muff and the cabin. ‘There is no evidence of a fire, so we believe the carbon monoxide must have come from the engine into the cabin,’ he said. ‘Our analysis, taking everything into consideration, for the exhaust fumes to get into the fuselage, which leads us to conclude that the most probable way is through the cabin air system.’ Mr McDermid said investigators trawled through the ‘summaries of 190 accident reports’ looking for references to ‘problems with carbon monoxide’ but could find ‘no history of it’. ‘Since 1984 we have not been able to identity something similar,’ he said. ‘When we looked at all the possibilities this one was the most probable explanation and there must have been significant disruption (to the exhaust system). ‘It was on the balance of probabilities we reached the conclusion it was the exhaust muffler.’ Mr McDermid said exhaust systems deteriorated meaning ‘regular maintenance’ to ensure their integrity and to ‘ensure the aircraft remains safe’ was important. The inquest in Bournemouth heard light aircraft pilots are encouraged to carry carbon monoxide detectors on flights but this is not mandatory. ‘One of the problems of carbon monoxide is it’s odourless and in the cabin, you may not be aware of its presence,’ Mr McDermid said. ‘Which is why we think the use of carbon monoxide detectors in light aircraft should be mandatory – at the moment they are not. Pilots are advised to carry them but it’s not mandatory.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.