Jane’s Addiction rocker Perry Farrell has shared the final audio message his wife received from Taylor Hawkins before his death on Friday. According to the voice message, Foo Fighters drummer Hawkins shared his love for the Lollapalooza founder and his wife Etty, and said he would ‘take care’ of himself before seeing them in Brazil for the next date of the festival. The musician tragically died aged 50 in Bogota, Colombia, on March 25, where the band was touring, with his last performance at Lollapalooza in Argentina, on March 20. The Best of You rockers had been due to perform at the Festival Estéreo Picnic in the Colombian capital that evening, before Hawkins was found unresponsive in his hotel room. According to a statement released by the Colombian attorney general’s office on the weekend, a total of 10 substances, including opioids, THC (marijuana), antidepressants and benzodiazepines, showed up in toxicology tests. In a post on his Instagram yesterday, Lollapalooza founder Perry shared a series of memories with his pal, as he began: ‘Taylor Hawkins died yesterday. He was my best friend. Beloved in my home, by my wife, my children, even my dogs.’ Perry’s wife Etty joined the singer in the clip as she shared the final audio message she received from the rocker on Thursday night. She said: ‘This is something that is very personal and dear to me, it is the last audio message I received on my phone on Thursday night, it was sent out from the hotel.’ Hawkins is then heard saying: ‘Take care of each other. And I’ll take care of me. And I’ll see you guys in São Paulo. ‘I love, love, love, love you guys. Sleep tight.’ Tommy Lee and Miley Cyrus previously revealed they, too, were in touch with Hawkins shortly before his death was confirmed by his bandmates in a statement. Motley Crue drummer Tommy revealed via social media that they chatted hours before, writing on Instagram: ‘Right now typing words has never been so difficult. Faaaaaaaaak!!!! ..this hits so f*****g hard! ‘Dude I just talked with you a few hours ago from your hotel room in Columbia before your concert. I wish this was some s**tty dream or bad prank that we would both laugh about. But it’s not! You KNOW how I feel about you and how much I love you and we both know there’s no head to type it all out on social media for others to read. ‘I love you Taylor. Rest In Beats. Tommy (sic)’ Miley had been communicating with Hawkins as she battled altitude sickness and after the emergency landing of her private jet, which got struck by lightning on the way to Lollapalooza Brazil, in Paraguay. She tweeted: ‘Brazil …. I’ve had a really emotionally and physically stressful last few days. After having altitude sickness, my plane was struck by lightening and the first person I spoke to after the flight has now passed away… when I got to where I was going I had bronchitis! (sic)’ The singer went on to dedicate her performance at the festival to her friend, tweeting on Saturday: ‘Tonights show is in honor of my friend Taylor Hawkins. ‘The most bad ass dude I know who would want me to shine and sing LOUD for the love of rock n roll! I’ve got this with a little help from my friend TH above and all of you. Let’s do it . (sic)’ A statement from the Foo Fighters, which also counts Dave Grohl, Nate Mendel, Chris Shiflett and Pat Smear as members, read: ‘The Foo Fighters family is devasted by the tragic and untimely loss of our beloved Taylor Hawkins. ‘His musical spirit and infectious laughter will live on with all of us forever. ‘Our hearts go out to his wife, children and family, and we ask that their privacy be treated with the utmost respect in this unimaginably difficult time.’ MORE : Liam Gallagher dedicates Live Forever to late Foo Fighters star Taylor Hawkins after drummer’s death aged 50 MORE : Taylor Hawkins fulfilled dreams of nine-year-old fan who played drums for Foo Fighters days before his death