A top Russian diplomat said Moscow retains the right to use nuclear weapons if it is ‘provoked’ by Nato. Dmitry Polyanskiy, the Russian deputy ambassador to the UN, made the chilling warning after Vladimir Putin’s spokesman refused to rule out nuking Ukraine in the face of an ‘existential threat’. Asked if Putin was right to hold the prospect of nuclear war over the rest of the world, Mr Polyanskiy told Sky News: ‘If Russia is provoked by Nato, if Russia is attacked by Nato, why not, we are a nuclear power. ‘I don’t think it’s the right thing to be saying. But it’s not the right thing to threaten Russia, and to try to interfere. ‘So when you’re dealing with a nuclear power, of course, you have to calculate all the possible outcomes of your behaviour.’ Polyanskiy spoke from inside Russia’s mission to the UN in New York, where pictures of President Putin adorn the walls. He dismissed the formal declaration by the US government that members of the Russian armed forces are guilty of war crimes in Ukraine. Between sips of lemon tea he suggested footage showing Ukraine’s cities reduced to rubble due to Russian bombing could be fake. He even made the preposterous claim that Ukraine is attacking its own buildings and civilians. ‘You believe one thing, I believe another thing,’ he said. The international Criminal Court will determine if Russia is guilty of war crimes. More than 1.5 million people all over the world have signed a petition saying Putin should face a Nuremberg-style trial. Polyanskiy’s comments come after Putin’s spokesman Dmitry Peskov also suggested Russia could resort to nuclear weapons. CNN interviewer Christiane Amanpour pushed him on whether he was ‘convinced or confident’ that President Putin would not use the nuclear option. He replied: ‘We have a concept of domestic security, and it’s public. You can read all the reasons for nuclear arms to be used. ‘So if it is an existential threat for our country, then it can be used in accordance with our concept.’ Neither Peskov nor Polyanskiy defined what they meant by provocation or a threat. It comes ahead of an emergency Nato summit where leaders will approve major increases in its forces in Eastern Europe. However, the block has continued to rule out direct military involvement in Ukraine, including imposing a no-fly zone over its skies. The west  fears sparking a wider war in Europe that Russian’s foreign minister has previously warned ‘would turn nuclear and destructive’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.  