More than 2,000 innocent civilians have been killed so far in Vladimir Putin’s savage invasion of Ukraine, the country’s emergency service says. ‘Children, women and defence forces are losing their lives every hour’, the organisation said in a statement today. The figure cannot be verified but comes amid warnings the Russian leader knows ‘no limit’ on violence. There are fears his soldiers will become more brutal in the coming days as he’s left fuming at the force of the Ukrainian resistance. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live A hospital was damaged in missile strikes and family homes burned to the ground on Tuesday. Five people lost their lives after Kyiv’s main TV tower was bombed, meaning some state broadcasting was knocked out. Strikes that damaged the Babi Yar Holocaust memorial in Kyiv and the central square in Kharkiv have caused revulsion. Western leaders believe it could be a sign of a shift in Russian tactics towards indiscriminate targeting of urban areas. UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace told Sky News troops are likely to ‘carpet-bomb cities, indiscriminately in some cases’. In a chilling caution, Russia’s foreign minister Sergei Lavrov said today a third World War would be ‘nuclear and destructive’. Pictures show Ukrainian citizens cramming onto trains in desperate attempts to flee the country. Around 874,000 people have crossed the border so far, with the UN refugee agency saying the number could cross the one million mark soon. Countless other Ukrainians have taken shelter underground, with images showing families huddling together to keep warm in subway stations. The mayor of Mariupol has claimed Russian forces are ‘actively preventing’ the evacuation of civilians. ‘Intense shelling’ has been underway in the city since Tuesday night – but Ukrainian forces maintain control, Vadym Boichenko said. There is no water supply in the city, according to reports. Downing Street said for the first time on Wednesday that possible war crimes are occurring ‘almost hourly’ in Ukraine. Asked whether Boris Johnson regarded the Russian attack on the Kyiv holocaust memorial at Babi Yar or the targeting of apartment blocks as war crimes, the prime minister’s official spokesman said: ‘I think all of those you’ve listed could fall in that category. ‘Obviously, formally it will be for a criminal court to make that ruling but I think no one can be in any doubt that what we’re seeing daily, almost hourly now, are horrific acts that would certainly appear to be war crimes.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.