Police have launched two investigations following an incident on Married At First sight Australia. NSW Police confirmed two complaints have been made recently, with the incidents at the centre of the drama involving brides Olivia Frazer and Domenica Calarco. Viewers are all too familiar with their beef now, after Olivia leaked co-star Domenica’s nude Only Fans photos and shared it around the group. As a result, a petition was launched and thousands of viewers signed it in favour of legal action being taken against Olivia. NSW Police confirmed that the first complaint they received came on Thursday in relation to an incident that occurred in November 2021 on a property in Bargo, which was where the MAFS cast was filming. The first bout of drama involved Domenica smashing a wine glass against a table, with the So Dramatic! podcast reporting that the whole cast and crew were interviewed by cops. However, according to a MAFS source, nothing came of it and no action was taken since ‘there was no evidence of any law being broken.’ The inquiries for that incident remain ongoing. The second complaint came after Olivia distributed Domenica’s naked pic, with viewers likening her behaviour to ‘revenge porn.’ Police confirmed a second complaint was made on March 19, 2022 to officers at Inner West Police. Cops are currently investigating the alleged distribution of an image without consent in late 2021. After Olivia leaked the photo, she admitted she was not ‘judging’ her co-star, and ‘didn’t really care enough to overthink it’ at the time. Since, a racy underwear snap of Olivia was posted on Instagram before being swiftly deleted. The star also admitted to being pro-sexual content and self-expression, sharing how she used to work in a lingerie store. However, Domenica said her behaviour felt like a ‘malicious attack’ and viewers are not impressed, calling for the show’s ‘e-safety commissioner to immediately take action against Olivia.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC confuses fans after confirming returns for Vigil, Time, and The Tourist: ‘What’s she going to do – save another submarine?’ MORE : Harry Potter star Jessie Cave gives birth to fourth child weeks after hospital stay for Covid-19 