Two young brothers miraculously managed to survive after spending 27 days lost and alone in the Amazon jungle. Siblings Glauco, 7, and Gleison, 9, Ferreira disappeared a month ago feared to never be seen again. But yesterday they were found with severe malnutrition, dehydration and skin abrasions. They were transferred by plane to a hospital in Manaus, the capital city of the northern Brazilian state of Amazonas. Their mum, Rosinete da Silva Carvalho, has now revealed the boys survived by eating the berries of the Couma utilis flowering plant – which are called ‘sorva’ locally – and by drinking water from a stream and rainwater. The farmer told local media: ‘I asked, “My son, didn’t you eat anything?” He told me, “We ate sorva, mum.” ‘The boys always ate sorva because my oldest son would take it when he went hunting and whenever I saw it I took them a bag. So they were used to sorva. ‘When the youngest couldn’t walk anymore, they remained close by and drank water from a stream and rainwater.’ Amazonas’ State Government said the children had been missing since February 18 and were located on March 15. They apparently went astray from the Lago Capanã indigenous reserve when they went hunting birds. Their dad, Claudionor Ribeiro Ferreira, said the search was ‘difficult’ and 260 people were involved in the search, including military police. ‘They were found when they heard a man cutting down a tree in the jungle moving,’ he told TV station Band Jornalismo. ‘The smaller child screamed, this person went to where he was and managed to find them. When they got there, the brothers were lying down. ‘When I saw my children, I was thrilled.’ They were in an area of difficult access some 22 miles (35 kilometres) away from the spot where they went missing, and they had to be removed by boat. The local fire department had already called off the search for the pair. They were initially taken to hospital in Manicore before being transferred to the better-equipped medical facility in the state capital. Paediatrician Eugenio Tavares told local media: ‘Their condition is serious but stable. They are able to eat orally, urinate well, and their pulse is also normal. ‘We will transition their diet, now it’s liquid, then it will be in paste form. ‘They need to gain at least 50% of the weight they lost during this whole period to be able to return to Manicore. ‘But there is no certain forecast for this to happen, until then we will continue to monitor them.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.