Anthony Joshua does ‘not want to mention’ the Oleksandr Usyk fight with the champion back in Ukraine to defend his country against the Russian invasion. Reigning IBF, WBO and WBA heavyweight champion Usyk had been expected to meet Joshua in a rematch in May or June. But the undefeated fighter has temporarily put boxing matters to one side, returning to his homeland and joining the territorial defence battalion to defend his country against invading Russian forces. In a recent interview with CNN, the 35-year-old said he was unsure when he would fight next, declaring: ‘My country and my pride are more important to me than a championship belt.’ Joshua’s promoter Eddie Hearn said last week the rematch remains their priority but admitted there are now doubts over when that fight will take place. Joshua himself was reluctant to discuss the fight out of respect for his opponent when speaking to Seconds Out, instead passing on his support to Usyk again. ‘With all respect, let him rest, let him handle what he is handling at the moment, but we can’t talk about the fight game right now,’ Joshua said over the weekend. Asked if the Usyk rematch was being pushed back, Joshua added: ‘I don’t know, I don’t want to mention that, he’s going through a lot right now.’ Hearn suggested last week that Joshua could instead take on an interim fight should the Usyk bout be delayed. If we have to take an interim bout in May or June, we’re happy to do that,’ Hearn said of a possible solution. ‘After that, we’ll fight Usyk when the situation is resolved. ‘We haven’t heard anything official from his team but it doesn’t seem right to reach out and ask ‘Is our fight ok.’ We respect what he’s going through and are willing to give him all the time he needs.’ MORE : Possible opponents for Anthony Joshua if Oleksandr Usyk rematch is delayed with champion back in Ukraine fighting Russia MORE : Russian boxer Dmitry Bivol pleads for peace and sends message to Ukrainian fighters Oleksandr Usyk and Vasiliy Lomachenko For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 