A lab close to Chernobyl storing radioactive materials has been raided, according to a nuclear safety expert who warned they could be used to create a ‘dirty bomb’. Anatolii Nosovskyi, director of the Institute for Safety Problems on Nuclear Power Plants in Kyiv, said the ‘fate of these sources is unknown to us’ after the organisation lost contact with the facility. Were such a weapon to be made it would risk contaminating a huge area, he told Science. Mr Nosovskyi said Vladimir Putin’s occupying forces had left firefighters unable to extinguish fires which had broken out in the exclusion zone, risking a ‘significant deterioration of the radiation situation in Ukraine and throughout Europe’. He said there was no indication that the concentration of radioactive particles in the smoke pose a health hazard, but warned that the automated monitoring system remains offline following a power outage March 9. It comes after Ukraine’s Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk accused the Russian troops of ‘irresponsible’ acts which could ‘present a very serious threat not only to Ukraine but to hundreds of millions of Europeans’. She said they have been transporting large amounts of old and badly maintained weapons, which risks of damaging the containment vessel constructed around the station’s wrecked fourth reactor. Posting on her Telegram account, Ms Vereshchuk said: ‘In the context of nuclear safety, the irresponsible and unprofessional actions of Russian servicemen present a very serious threat not only to Ukraine but to hundreds of millions of Europeans. ‘We therefore demand that the UN Security Council adopt immediate measures to demilitarise the exclusion zone around the Chernobyl station as well as dispatching a special mission to eliminate the risks of any repeat of the Chernobyl accident resulting from the actions of Russian occupying forces.’ She said damage to the containment vessel, built with European financing, would ‘inevitably lead to the release in the atmosphere of a considerable amount of radioactive dust and contamination not only in Ukraine but also in other European countries’. Russia has previously denied that its forces have put nuclear facilities inside Ukraine at risk. Moscow’s forces occupied the Chernobyl station in the first days of the invasion last month and for a time prevented staff maintaining facilities there from leaving or being spelled off by other workers. Staff at the site have described the behaviour of invading troops as ‘suicidal’, saying their vehicles and equipment had no anti-radiation protection. Two Ukrainian workers on duty when Russian tanks entered Chernobyl and took control of the site spoke to Reuters. They said the convoy had kicked up clouds of radioactive dust while driving through a highly toxic zone called the ‘Red Forest’, which got its name when dozens of square kilometres of pine trees turned red after absorbing radiation from the 1986 explosion. A vast area around Chernobyl remains off limits to anyone who does not work there or have special permission, but the Red Forest is considered so highly contaminated that even the nuclear plant workers are not allowed to go there. One of the workers said: ‘A big convoy of military vehicles drove along a road right behind our facility and this road goes past the Red Forest. ‘The convoy kicked up a big column of dust. Many radiation safety sensors showed exceeded levels.’ Ukraine’s state nuclear inspectorate said on February 25 that there had been an increase in radiation levels at Chernobyl as a result of heavy military vehicles disturbing the soil. But until now, details of exactly what happened had not emerged. One of the workers also said a soldier sent to work alongside them in the facility ‘did not have a clue’ about the notorious explosion at the plant, one of the world’s worst nuclear disasters. He said: ‘When they were asked if they knew about the 1986 catastrophe, the explosion of the fourth block (of the Chernobyl plant), they did not have a clue. ‘They had no idea what kind of a facility they were at. We talked to regular soldiers. All we heard from them was, “It’s critically important infrastructure”. That was it.’ The accounts about Russian troops in Chernobyl chime with other evidence suggesting the invasion force sent into Ukraine was not fully prepared for what they encountered. The Kremlin says that what it calls its special military operation in Ukraine is going to plan and is on schedule. But Ukrainian officials and their Western allies say Russia’s initial thrust deep into Ukrainian territory stalled after encountering logistics problems and facing stiffer-than-expected Ukrainian resistance. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.