When great sportsmen like Shane Warne and Rod Marsh fall, unexpectedly and before time as both men did from suspected heart attacks, their passing leaves a disbelief among the rest of us – as if their skills and fame might somehow protect them from life’s grim realities. Sadly, none are immune, though at least we have their spectacular deeds on a cricket field to remember them by – and they were spectacular. Warne’s passing, at the age of 52, is especially shocking given his relative youth. Arguably the finest spin bowler of all time, he single-handedly made wrist-spin cool again after it had fallen from fashion. He did it in style, too, and after an indifferent start to his Test career he produced a moment people still talk about when he bowled Mike Gatting with his first ball in England at Old Trafford in 1991. No ordinary ball, mind, but a leg-break which dipped and swerved to leg, due to the vicious spin imparted, pitched about six inches outside Gatting’s leg-stump and then spun back sharply across him to clip the off-bail. It was a rip-snorter as Gatting’s bewildered expression showed, a delivery the papers quickly dubbed ‘the ball of the century,’ an accolade a more retiring personality might have struggled to live with given its occurrence so early on in a career. But Warney, as he was widely known, always played the game as if he had nothing to lose even when he did have, which set him apart from most of his team-mates as well as opponents. His greatest asset as a bowler, and there were a few such as the strong fingers and wrists, was his accuracy. Wrist-spinners tend to put more revolutions on a cricket ball than other spinners, but the price they pay is greater inaccuracy. Not Warne, he ripped them hard but dropped them on a handkerchief. With no easy runs from him and none from the other end, especially when Glenn McGrath was bowling, opposition batsmen found themselves being drawn into a web of doom from which escape seemed impossible. It was why the Australian team for which they both played between 1995-2008 can lay claim, along with the West Indies team of the 1980s, to being the best Test side there has ever been. Along with his physical talents Warne was a master strategist, knowing precisely when to attack and when to defend, and contrary to mythology he did undertake the latter. It is easy to forget that things didn’t always go his way in matches, setbacks he would often try to rectify with the dark art of sledging. Verbally, he was always working the batsmen or the umpire: exhorting, goading, kidding. Once, in a one-day international at the Sydney Cricket Ground in 1999, England needed 25 runs off 47 balls with six wickets in hand; Nasser Hussain seemingly in charge on 58. But Warney had been working on Hussain, winding him up to the point where Hussain tried to silence him with a big shot and was stumped. England should still have won but Warne took a wicket with his next ball and mesmerised the tail along with McGrath to enable them to win by 10 runs. To most Aussies the game had looked lost but not to Warney. After that psychological triumph, he’d precede every Ashes series with talk of a new ball he’d developed. The zooters and sliders that ensued had no great qualities other than to inveigle their way into the minds of England’s batsmen. Where Warney differed from most of his talented team-mates was in his understanding of entertainment and how to accomplish it on a cricket field. Which is why when he had a ball in his hand you didn’t have to support Australia to feel the excitement and expectation that something extraordinary was about to happen. The bowling action might have been smooth and economical but everything else about him on a cricket field was amplified to the max. Like many in possession of extraordinary natural gifts, the quiet life was not for him although he was always personable and friendly, at least to those he felt weren’t persecuting him about his colourful private life. In that regard he needed a thick skin and I remember him turning up to launch an initiative for the Chance to Shine cricket charity at a school in east London, the day after a particular lewd expose about him had appeared in the Sunday tabloids. The press were assembled and nobody thought he’d show, but turn up he did, more or less on time, and faced the music. That takes bottle, especially to do it with the grace he mustered that day. Warne attended the Australian Cricket Academy as a teenage tearaway albeit before Rod Marsh became its director. He left prematurely, too, something that may not have happened had Marsh, a major influence on Warne along with leg-spinner Terry Jenner, been in charge. Marsh, who was part of the great Australian side of the early 1970s, possessed a folksy wisdom, one which sat alongside the steel he showed as a player, specifically a wicket-keeper batsman. The combination made him undroppable, his team-mates relishing both his cricket and his bonhomie. Like Warne, his career did not begin auspiciously, and he was quickly dubbed ‘Iron gloves’ after a series of spilled catches. But he quickly silenced the doubters to become one of Australia’s great keepers as well as a regular supplier of useful runs from the lower middle order. For cricket followers of a certain age, ‘caught Marsh bowled Lillee’ was one of the most featured dismissals within matches involving Australia at the time. Both were tough men from Perth, the loneliest city on earth, and opponents felt their presence as well as the lash of their tongue. Whereas Warne would niggle away with his verbals they would harangue, trying to place ever more doubt into the batsman’s mind that they were in the wrong place and not up to the task. Nicknamed Bacchus, not after the Roman God of wine but a town in Victoria called Bacchus Marsh, Marsh the cricketer liked nothing more than to have a drink with opponents after a hard day’s cricket. It helped that he had good contacts, especially at his home ground the WACA in Perth, and I well remember the seafood platters groaning with prawns, lobsters and oysters, that used to be delivered to Australia’s dressing room for the delectation of both sides after play. To sit with a beer and listen to him and Lillee chat about the game was where proper cricket education occurs. The on-field deeds of both Warne and Marsh are legendary and writ large but they only tell part of the tale. Both had their foibles but both were good blokes and that also needs to be remembered. MORE : England stars Joe Root and Ben Stokes pay tribute to Shane Warne after Australia legend’s death MORE : Michael Vaughan recalls spending last Christmas with Shane Warne in heartbreaking tribute For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 