Rylan Clark has penned a tell-all book, lifting the lid on his incredible decade in the spotlight, following the ‘toughest’ year of his life. The 33-year-old has become a staple of our screens ever since he stepped on stage for his X Factor audition in 2012, and we couldn’t imagine the TV guide without him. Taking to Instagram – and also sharing the same post on Twitter – he uploaded a video montage of highlights from the last 10 years. ‘TEN: The decade that changed my future. Wow. All the emotions,’ the Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two host began. ‘This book celebrates ten years of me being in this crazy industry. ‘We all know I should have lasted ten minutes, so how I’ve lasted ten years, I’ll never know. Learned so many lessons, especially in the last year but it’s been a journey, and I can’t wait to share it with you very soon. ‘And if audiobooks are a bit of you, you can pre-order the audiobook which will be read by, yes – yours truly.’ The book will hit shelves on September 29, and is available for pre-order now. Fans went wild for the announcement, flooding Rylan’s replies with praise for how far he has come since those iconic X Factor days. ‘It probably has quite a lot to with the fact that you’re pretty much the nicest person in showbiz and that you’re really good at your job,’ one commented on Twitter. ‘Omg I am so so happy about this!! Loved your last book so much and really hope your narrating the audio version! Loved it, was like listening to my mate twittering on in my car with me! Brilliant xxxx [sic],’ a follower said. ‘Can’t wait to read it love you and proud of you always,’ a Twitter user agreed. ‘It’s because of your personality that’s why we love you,’ another penned. As a fan added: ‘Bloody love him. @Rylan can do no wrong and deserves every single bit of success. Talented, natural, funny. ‘Here’s to the next 10.. and the next… and the next (repeat to fade).’ We couldn’t agree more. Rylan first stepped into the public eye when he auditioned for the X Factor – where he managed to sing his way into our hearts, and into the live shows. From there, he won Celebrity Big Brother and went on to present Big Brother’s Bit On The Side, landed a hosting stint on Strictly: It Takes Two, and has helmed This Morning. However, his personal life hit a rough patch in 2021 following his split from former husband Dan Neal. The couple went their separate ways after six years of marriage, and Rylan has been candid about the struggles he’s faced since then. Speaking to The Guardian, he said: ‘I was having thoughts and doing things that made me… f**ked up, for want of a better word. ‘I didn’t understand why I was doing that to myself. So, I went away for a bit. ‘But now if there’s something I really don’t want to do, I’m going to say no. I’ve learned to be more in control. I’ve not had control for so long, I feel like Britney!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Neil Morrissey is well up for a Men Behaving Badly reboot but claims it’s ‘not woke enough’ MORE : Jodie Turner-Smith casually shaves off her eyebrows in drastic makeover 