Line of Duty actor Martin Compston has spoken out on who he wants the AC12 team to take on if the show ever returns for a season 7 – and we’d love to see it. Martin is set to be back on our screens next week as he takes on a leading role in ITV’s latest thriller, Our House, starring alongside Tuppence Middleton and Rupert Penry-Jones. However, fans are always curious as to whether there might be more to come of the drama that made him a household name – Line of Duty. The explosive sixth series drew in some of the BBC’s biggest-ever audience figures, as fans were desperate to find out who the so-called ‘fourth man’ H, was. But despite the corrupt police officer at the top of a criminal conspiracy being revealed as, Ian Buckells (Nigel Boyle), there are still some very rotten apples who need sorting, including Chief of Police, Philip Osborne (Owen Teale). Martin, who plays Steve Arnott on the long-running BBC drama, said Osborne is someone he’d love to see get his comeuppance in another series while chatting to Metro.co.uk. He told us: ‘I mean, the overarching one I think there’s definitely the character Osborne, which is again, that’s the beauty of Jed [Mercurio, show’s creator]. ‘[Osborne’s] the Chief of Police and Steve, literally from the first episode, these two have been at loggerheads. So just in terms of… I think there’s been a tension building there for nearly 10 years. ‘I’d like to try and see that come to a head and sort of the whole team try and take him on!’ However, he went on to say you can never ‘really second guess Jed’ as he reminded fans of the creator’s love of shock twists and turns. ‘Every time he comes up something whether it be killing Danny Mays in the first episode, whether it be Thandiwe Newton killing someone in the first episode, just you can’t second guess what he’s going to come up with. ‘If Jed thinks so, I mean, if he thinks there’s a story, then I mean, he won’t do it just for the sake of it, that’s for sure.’ Martin went on to address his thoughts on a possible new series. While he’s unsure how or when it might come about, he noted that there are definitely some ‘loose ends’ left, which could definitely be explored again. He said: ‘With everything, [Jed] definitely left the odds loose end and he always leaves little things that could probably pick up in the next series. ‘But he won’t do it just for the sake of it just because, in terms of like people want to back, he’ll only want to do it if he thinks of a good story to tell!’ Our House begins on Monday, March 7 on ITV, and Line of Duty seasons 1-6 can be streamed on BBC iPlayer now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Line Of Duty’s Martin Compston couldn’t be prouder of Vicky McClure ahead of Trigger Point finale as he dubs her ‘biggest action star’ on TV MORE : Killing Eve season 4: Kim Bodnia reveals international drama managed to disguise UK locations amid Covid restrictions 