A farmer who was driving a tractor which accidentally crushed his four-year-old nephew to death has avoided jail. Harry Isaac Lee, who lived at a farm in Lancashire with his mum and gran, was riding on the footplate of a JCB which his uncle was driving. When the vehicle turned into a field, Harry fell from the footplate and was fatally crushed beneath the wheels. His uncle Brian Nutter had previously pleaded guilty to breaching Section 3 of the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974. Harry suffered a catastrophic brain injury during the accident on July 8, 2019, and despite extensive attempts to resuscitate him he was pronounced dead after being taken to Royal Blackburn Teaching Hospital. Nutter, of Spenbrook Road in Newchurch-in-Pendle, was sentenced to 26 weeks in prison, suspended for 18 months at Wigan and Leigh Magistrates’ Court today. The 51-year-old was also given a community order which includes 250 hours of unpaid work, and ordered to pay costs of £5,154. Harry’s mum, Sarah Nutter, called for a change in attitude in the agricultural industry following the outcome of the sentencing. ‘Losing a child at any age is a traumatic experience, but losing a child in such deeply tragic circumstances is completely life-changing,’ she said. ‘The event of Harry’s death has and will have a lasting effect that I, and my family, will never get over. ‘Farming is a lifestyle and a way of life. If we could go back and make different decisions and do things differently, we would certainly do so. We have had to learn the hard way.’ She said the dangers to children on farms ‘should be at the forefront of all our minds every single day’. ‘I hope the effects of Harry’s accident will change the attitude of people living on farms and make them think twice about the dangers their children are exposed to and how easily accidents can be avoided,’ Sarah added. Harry’s dad, Martin Lee, said: ‘Harry, so passionate about farming even at four years old, was very much my legacy, the person who would take on the farm. ‘Always smiling, Harry had a love for life that brought joy to all those around him and certainly lived his life to the full. ‘He was a loving, caring, kind and bright child, full of affection for his family. It is a tragedy that he was needlessly taken from us too soon. ‘His death has traumatised and deeply impacted the whole family.’ An investigation by the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) found there were insufficient measures in place to ensure the safety of children at Sabden Old Hall Farm in Well Head Road, Newchurch-in-Pendle. HSE inspector Shellie Bee said after the hearing: ‘This is a deeply sad and upsetting incident for all involved. ‘Harry, a four-year-old child, lost his life in what was a wholly avoidable incident caused by a failure to protect him from farm work activities. ‘Harry should not have been in the workplace nor allowed to ride on farm machinery. ‘Farms can appear to be exciting places, but they are busy workplaces with moving machinery and vehicles, livestock, chemicals and many other significant hazards. ‘Each year, children are killed and many more are seriously injured as a result of farming work. Often the child is a close relative to those managing and running the farm. ‘The best way to keep children safe, particularly young children, is to keep them out of the farm workplace altogether.’ She added the Prevention of Accidents to Children in Agriculture Regulations 1998 prohibits children under the age of 13 from riding on, or operating, vehicles used in agricultural operations. No one should ever ride on the footplate of an agricultural vehicle. ‘Harry’s family hope that their story will make the wider farming community take steps to fully protect the safety of any child who may be on the farm,’ Shellie said. An inquest jury recorded a narrative conclusion at an inquest into Harry’s death at County Hall, in Preston, last July. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.