A football-mad pre-teen who was born without a left forearm has become a talented goalkeeper for his community team. Wayde Drew was born missing a limb due to complications during pregnancy, after his mum caught swine flu. But, as he’s got older, Wayde hasn’t let this physical difference stop him and has always been determined to play football – despite other children thinking he would be ‘rubbish.’ Now, the 12-year-old has become a star player within his local team in Leeds – and has shown he’s as good as any other young footballer. As Wayde has loved football since a young age, his mum Kirsty Norman says she’s thrilled her son has established himself within the team. Kirsty explains: ‘He’s always played football from being little, and he’s got an older brother who loves it. ‘But at school when he plays football, the kids want to win, don’t they? So they automatically think because he’s only got one arm, he’s going to be a rubbish goalkeeper, so they don’t let him play in goal.’ But two years ago, Wayde turned up for his first practice with community team Saxton FC – and, since then, he’s gone from strength to strength. Kirsty adds: ‘He’s always been a bit worried about joining a team, because obviously he’s a goalkeeper, and people assume that he’s got to have two hands to be a goalkeeper. ‘But at Saxon FC, when he said he’d prefer being in goal, they were just like: “Yeah, okay.” ‘They’ve given him that chance, and he’s shown them that he is really good in goal – so that’s now his position at Saxon FC.’ Saxton FC coach Jonny Nixon said Wayde was fantastic since day one and has since excelled as a keeper. Jonny commented: ‘He just turned up one day with his brother and said, “I play in goal” – and we didn’t make a big deal about his arm, no questions asked – and he started making some saves. ‘He’s become a really popular kid, and he’s always got a smile on his face. ‘He’ll turn up and help you set the nets up, and he’ll be the last to go as he’s helping you put them away.’ The team at Saxton FC are also helping Wayde fundraise £13,000 for a new bionic ‘hero’ arm. Kirsty adds: ‘It would mean everything to him to have this new arm as he’s at the point where, in his words, he “just wants to be the same as everybody else.”’ The mum explains that since her son has started secondary school, he’s become more conscious of his arm – so is now hoping to get a prosthetic, which would help him grip small objects Kirsty adds: ‘To us, Wayde is Wayde – he is normal. But he just wants to fit in and not have to worry about anything. ‘He just wants to be the same as everyone else, and now he’s at high school, he’s constantly getting questions and getting embarrassed by it.’ Commenting on what it would mean to him to get a prosthetic limb, Wayde said: ‘It would change my life. It would mean the world to me if anyone could help.’ Wayde’s GoFundMe page can be found at: gofundme.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : I’m scared of admitting I’m burnt out – especially as someone with a disability MORE : I’m taking the ‘jokes’ people make about my disability and putting them on placards MORE : Massive baby born at 11lbs 8oz – the same size as a three-month-old