A bakery owner has gone on a citrus cooking spree after discovering a nine-inch lemon that weighs almost 1.8kg. Tammy Warren spotted the yellow whopper – the biggest she has ‘ever seen’ – in Wiltshire last week and believes the fruit, which dwarves her baby’s head, is roughly 17 times the size of a standard lemon. And when life gave her an enormous lemon, Tammy made a concoction of baking and cocktail treats. The mum-of-three bought the fruit for £5 and set about creating a lemon and blueberry cake, lemon cupcakes, lemon cake pops and a lemon drizzle loaf. Tammy, 38, then turned her hand to lemon syrup, lemon marmalade, fresh lemonade, lemon curd, candied lemon peel and frozen lemon segments for ‘lots of gin and tonics’. There was still leftover flesh and zest, from which she made a lemon chicken dinner, before keeping the pips to plant. Explaining that she initially spotted the mutant lemon at a fruit and veg stall at Lackham Farm, Chippenham, on Saturday, March 19, Tammy, from nearby Colerne, said: ‘It’s the biggest lemon I’ve ever seen in my life, I thought it would make a great cake. ‘It’s bigger than [my baby] Sebastian’s head. ‘In this case when life gives you lemons I made cakes, candied lemon peel, lemonade and will enjoy lots of gin and tonics.’ Having done a double-take after spotting the fruit, she then went on a two-and-a-half hour baking spree last Wednesday, March 23. ‘It’s been fun making all these different things with the lemon, I’ve loved it’, she said. ‘We’re going to keep the seeds and grow our own.’ The lemon is said to have been grown from a tree that previously created a world-record sized fruit in the late 1980s. Tammy, who runs Tammy Warren – Bespoke Celebration Cakes, visited the farm with MoD worker husband Stuart Warren, 36, and children Hannah, 15, Evelyn, three, and one-year-old Sebastian. After seeing animals at a lambing weekend event, the family wandered to a nearby stall selling fruit and veg – which is where Tammy spotted the monster fruit. It was grown in the grounds of Wiltshire College & University Centre’s Lackham campus and comes from the same tree that produced a world record-sized lemon back in 1989. That fruit was nearly three times bigger than its distant relative, weighing some 4.8kg, with a circumference of 80cm. It held the Guinness World Record title for 14 years until it lost out to gigantic fruit grown in Israel weighing more than 5kg. A Wiltshire College & University Centre spokesman said: ‘The college is pleased its super-sized lemons are still as popular and sought after as ever. ‘The fruits come from the same tree that produced our former world record-sized lemon that was grown back in the 1980s. ‘We have supplied many local people and retailers with our special fruit for a number of years and hope those sold at our Lackham Lambing events last weekend help to produce some delicious bakes and cakes.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : 20 unexpected uses for a lemon, from beauty hacks to cleaning tricks