Ellen Smurthwaite, 23, and her partner Jake Nicholson, 27, are big fans of all things vintage. So much so that they’ve made their home a shrine to the past, with each room themed around a different decade. The couple’s Liverpool home has a 1970s living room, a 50s bedroom, a 40s dining room, and a kitchen inspired by a 1950s diner. It’s all as authentic as possible, as the pair love to dig around for antiques and second-hand fines. As a result, they’ve managed their DIY transformation for under £600. Tattoo apprentice Ellen said: ‘I’ve always loved vintage items andantiques. ‘Ever since I was 18 I would go to car boot sales and pick out things in mygrandparent’s house I wanted. ‘When I met Jake, we bonded over our love of retro items and knew we wanted tohave a house that reflected different decades. ‘We find everything in charity shops, Amazon or Facebook market. We don’t have a huge budget so this works really well for us as most items are other people’s junk. ‘The living room cost around £400 and the bedroom was under £200. ‘I have a lot of hand-me-downs from grandparents and even have a music boxfrom World War 2.’ The living room delivers classic 70s vibes with burnt orange and brown wallpaper, a record player, a lava lamp, and Playboy posters on the walls, along with a rather funky zebra print rug. In the bedroom, you’re transported back to the 50s by bright yellow walls, an antique dresser, and retro lamps – plus a vintage pink hairdryer. Going all-out retro might seem a bit out-there, but Ellen and Jake absolutely adore their home. Plus, when the duo shared their interiors on TikTok, people were big fans. Ellen added: ‘It’s lovely to have people comment on how nice our home is. ‘Where we’re from, in Cumbria, we always knew we were a bit different and other people in our circle didn’t really get it. ‘It’s nice to know others enjoy our home and it isn’t an eye sore.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman transforms 1980s bungalow into chic haven with budget DIY hacks MORE : How to put up DIY floating shelves MORE : An expert guide to painting your fridge – the latest TikTok DIY trend