An Uber driver truly took a turn for the worse in the countryside this weekend. The unlucky motorist had dropped off a customer in the village of Marsden, near Huddersfield in Yorkshire. He then ordered his sat nav to take him back in the direction of the A62 – but the machine apparently had other ideas. Instead, it directed its driver through darkness and down a steep path across the Saddleworth Moor. The narrow track was littered with sharp rocks, but the optimistic driver persevered on until his Mercedes Vito simply ‘ground to a halt’. He tried in vain to reverse before he gave up and called friends for a lift home – making sure to walk to an accessible road first. The next day, bemused locals presumed the vehicle had been stolen and dumped by joyriders. That was until the red-faced Uber driver returned and revealed the truth. Local Craig Hannah said: ‘It’s amazing the driver got that far because it was such a rough and very steep track. ‘Apparently he had been working in the area late on Saturday night and was trying to return to base. ‘A passenger did say he could drive down the lane even though there was a sign warning that it was unsuitable for vehicles. ‘If you were local you would know the road is not passable but this guy was clearly out of town and didn’t know. ‘He got wedged about halfway down the lane and he couldn’t reverse so he carried on going. ‘He got so stuck he apparently could not get his door open. It was a nightmare by all accounts. ‘From what we could see the back bumper was off and the only way to retrieve it will be to drag it back up the hill. The driver is a really nice guy who has lost two days of his livelihood. He was shocked.’ A less sympathetic local added: ‘We heard the taxi driver was just blindly following his satnav and got stuck. ‘Some people just don’t learn from the old adage – the computer is not always right.’ The owner of the Mercedes Vito is anxiously awaiting repair costs after the vehicle was rescued by a tow truck on Monday. The Uber driver’s moors mishap perhaps pales in comparison to the sat nav struggles of an 81-year-old tourist in 2019. The pensioner had been on a ‘mission to see the Pope’ in Rome when he accidentally entered a small spelling error into his machine. He was directed to the German countryside and, after exiting his car to work out what had gone wrong, forgot to leave the handbrake up. The man’s car promptly rolled down the hill and knocked down a street sign for ‘Rom’, where he had driven to in error. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.