When Siobhan Webb started to feel cramping just like she had done in her first pregnancy, she thought it was just her body adjusting. Siobhan, who already had a daughter, three, with her ex-husband, had been trying for a baby with her partner Lee Wellington for two months before they got a positive test. When the pain Siobhan, 28, felt became excruciating one night in July 2021, the concerned couple rang 111, and she paid a visit to her GP the next morning. She was then told to go to Derriford Hospital where, while Lee, 29, had to wait in the car due to covid restrictions, Siobhan was told the crushing news that she had an ectopic pregnancy. Support worker Siobhan said: ‘They did a scan and said they could see a mass in my womb and something on the side of one of my tubes but couldn’t work out what it was. ‘They did an internal exam which was really uncomfortable, and I was in a lot of pain. ‘A doctor told me that, from what they could see, I was suffering an ectopic pregnancy on my right fallopian tube. ‘It was that horrible feeling of “oh my gosh, we are losing our baby”. ‘I was offered an injection which causes your body to lose the baby and get rid of it on its own, or I could have the surgery to remove the pregnancy and one or both of my tubes. ‘Because I had my daughter at home, I didn’t want to do the injections and wait it out for the baby to be lost at home. ‘I didn’t want her to see me in all that pain, so I opted for the surgery. ‘It was really scary because I was told if worst came to worst, they might have to take out both of my fallopian tubes if they felt they needed to, so I had to prepare for that. ‘Having just one of my tubes would lower my chances of falling pregnant anyway, and both would mean I couldn’t have a baby ever again, so I was devastated.’ It’s lucky that Siobhan didn’t opt for the injection, as doctors could find no ectopic pregnancy during the procedure, and they terminated the surgery early, suspecting the pregnancy could actually be viable. A few days later, tests confirmed that the baby was safely in her womb. She said: ‘The doctor said my case was very unusual. She said they operated, had a look and there was no ectopic pregnancy – there was nothing there on my tube. ‘They even got another surgeon in to double-check that there was nothing there. ‘I asked them what that meant, and they said it could mean that I still had a viable pregnancy in my womb, but they didn’t know yet. ‘I then started to panic, thinking I’d put my body under so much pressure that it could cause a miscarriage. I’d been given medication and I started to freak out. ‘The next few days there was a lot of blood work before they did a scan and could see there was a viable pregnancy in my womb. ‘We went back again for another scan and that’s where we could see this tiny, tiny baby with a heartbeat. ‘It was such a shock. We keep saying to ourselves that god forbid we’d gone for the injection because that would have caused a miscarriage or at least severe development issues with the baby if it had survived.’ Thankfully, all was well with baby Freddie, who was born six days early on March 13 via c-section, weighing 8lb 6oz. Siobhan said: ‘Freddie is our little miracle in the sense that we were told we weren’t going to have our baby and actually, we are.’ But the stress of the misdiagnosis did take its toll on the couple. Siobhan said: ‘After all this, I developed quite bad anxiety which I’ve battled with throughout the pregnancy, thinking something bad is going to happen. ‘It has really messed with us being able to enjoy the pregnancy. We weren’t able to tell family and friends how we wanted to because, with everything that happened, we had to tell them what was going on. ‘It was a lot of stress, and now we just want to raise awareness that you can be misdiagnosed with an ectopic pregnancy and still have a viable pregnancy but choosing the wrong cause of action could result in losing your healthy baby. ‘We keep saying it was a head-wreck moment, and we are just so grateful now that he’s finally here. ‘I feel so relieved and smitten that I have my two perfect, beautiful children.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Mum-of-nine gives birth to twins who have different birthdays MORE : Expert tips for getting your baby to sleep as the clocks go forward MORE : The women being forced to choose between life-saving drugs and their baby’s health