The Ukrainian President has defiantly revealed his location for a second time in 24 hours, vowing ‘we will win this war’ in a video message from Kyiv’s government quarter. Volodymyr Zelensky said he is ‘not hiding’ and ‘not afraid of anyone’ as he bravely emerged from his bunker last night. In a bold address from his office on Bankova Street, he said he is staying there ‘as long as necessary’ and his team is with him. True to his word, he posted a second video this morning welcoming the start of spring in the capital city. He said: ‘It’s snowing – this is the kind of spring we’re having. ‘Well this spring and war are alike – rough. ‘But it’s fine, we will prevail.’ Zelensky, a former comedian whose wartime leadership has impressed the world, appeared to sign off the message with a wink. He previously rejected an offer from the US to help him escape, telling President Jo Biden: ‘I need amo not a ride’ in a call likely to go down in history. Since then, his regular video addresses vowing to stay in Kyiv have become a focal point of Ukraine’s resistance. Previous messages appear to have been posted from a bunker or outside of recognizable buildings, but last night’s was the first since the war started that was filmed inside his presidential office. In an apparent attempt to goad Russia, who have falsely claimed he has fled Ukraine, he gave his Facebook audience a tour of the palace. He joked: ‘We used to say Monday, Monday is a hard day. ‘But it is war in our country, so every day is a hard day.’ Zelensky,  who is said to have survived a number of assassination attempts,   reiterated promises to stay in the besieged capital city until the war is won. He said: ‘I stay in Kyiv, On Bankova Street. ‘I’m not hiding and I’m not afraid of anyone. As long as it’s necessary to win in our patriotic war. ‘We are all in our places working, where we should be. My team is in Kyiv with me. ‘We are all fighting, we are all contributing to our victory which will surely happen.’ And, in an interview from the palace with ABC News, Zelensky once again appealed to the United States to enforce a no-fly zone. Such a move would see fighter jets from America and its Nato allies patrolling the air space above Ukraine and shooting down any Russian jets that enter – effectively putting the West at war with Russia. Zelensky brushed off the fears about a World War Three, warning Vladimir Putin will not stop once he has conquered Ukraine. ‘We will come first. You will come second. Because the more this beast will eat, he wants more, more, and more,’ he said. ‘Today, war is here. Tomorrow, it will be in Lithuania, then in Poland, then in Germany. ‘This is serious. ‘United States is far away, but in recent days, I do feel that United States are closer to us.’ America and its Nato allies have so far sent 17,000 anti-tank missiles to Ukraine, as part of a $350 million aid package agreed in the days following the invasion. But Zelensky, 44, believes a no-fly zone is the only way to stop Putin. Revealing details about a phone call he shared with President Joe Biden on Saturday night, Zelensky said: ‘I told him (Biden) that for us, the most important thing today is the security in the sky. ‘We cannot allow Russia to be active there only, because they’re bombing us, they are shelling us…they are sending missiles, helicopters, jet fighters – a lot of things. ‘But we are not doing this because we don’t have the sky. ‘We don’t control our sky.’ Over the weekend, Biden and his aides were debating the possibility of helping Ukraine with better fighter jets. Under the plan, Poland would give Ukraine its MIG fighter jets, which Ukrainian pilots are trained to fly. In return, the US would replace the Soviet-era planes with modern F-16 American fighter jets. Antony Blinken, the Secretary of State, said on Sunday that the ‘green light’ had been given to the plan. However, Poland quickly said that they had not agreed to anything. President Andrzej Duda has repeatedly voiced concern about the proposal, believing it would drag his country into open conflict with Russia. Moscow has warned that any nation that hosts Ukrainian warplanes could be pulled into armed conflict. But Nato is facing pressure to ramp up support amid the worsening humanitarian situation. Ukraine has accused Putin of using medieval tactics to batter them into submission as besieged cities face shortages of food, water, heat and medicine. Two children were among the 21 killed in airstrikes on houses in the north-eastern city of Sumy last night. New evacuation routes were opened this morning, but Russia was accused of breaking the ceasefire within hours by attacking families trying to escape. Zelensky is likely to reiterate calls for help when he addresses UK MPs in a video address to Parliament later.   