Visa and Mastercard are suspending their operations in Russia in a fresh blow to Vladimir Putin’s economy. It means all credit and debit cards issued by Russian banks will no longer work outside the country. Russian businesses and ATMs will also not be able to accept cards that were issued abroad. ‘We are compelled to act following Russia’s unprovoked invasion of Ukraine, and the unacceptable events that we have witnessed,’ Visa CEO Al Kelly said. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Mastercard, who has operated in Russia for more than 25 years, called the Ukraine invasion ‘shocking and devastating’. ‘We don’t take this decision lightly,’ a spokesperson added. The announcement follows similar moves from a growing list of businesses piling pressure on Putin. PayPal shut its services in Russia yesterday as boss Dan Schulman said the company ‘stands with the international community in condemning Russia’s violent military aggression in Ukraine’. Apple, Microsoft, Ikea and Puma have also followed suit, while Hollywood studios have postponed the release of new movies in the country. Russia’s currency, the ruble, has hit new lows with inflation soaring and Russians pictured standing in huge queues outside cash machines. Unprecedented Western sanctions imposed on Russia have frozen much of the country’s central bank’s £480 billion in assets. Several Russian banks have been barred from global payments system SWIFT, which sent the ruble into free-fall, erasing a third of its value this week. In a call with Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky, US president Joe Biden welcomed Visa’s and Mastercard’s decisions to suspend operations in Russia. ‘President Biden noted his administration is surging security, humanitarian, and economic assistance to Ukraine and is working closely with Congress to secure additional funding,’ a White House readout of the call added. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.