Some 72% of office workers in the UK said they would prefer a four-day working week, according to new research. The research comes as 30 companies are set to take part in a six-month pilot of the idea from the summer. The trial will see no loss in pay for employees working one fewer day a week – instead they will be asked to maintain 100% productivity for 80% of their time. So strangely enough, most people are on board with this. The ‘changing behaviours of a flexible workforce in 2022 and beyond’ research, commissioned by Smart Locker Provider Velocity Smart Technology, investigates how employers could help keep pace with competition and retain employees. More than half of people in the UK surveyed (52%) said they thought productivity would increase if their organisation introduced a four day week, while 34% of UK workers thought it would stay the same. Anthony Lamoureux, CEO of Velocity Smart Technology, said: ‘While there has been debate about the impact on productivity of flexible working over the past couple of years, this research confirms that employees are confident in their abilities to get the job done, even with a reduction in working days. ‘The four-day week challenges the current model of work and helps companies move away from simply measuring how long people are “at work”, to a sharper focus on the output being produced. ‘Business leaders and IT directors need to ask themselves if they could get more from their teams in less time because they are better rested?’ The research was carried out in December 2021 and 1,000 people working in UK companies which employ more than 200 workers were surveyed. Another 2,000 people from the US took part in the research. The pilot has been launched by 4 Day Week Global in partnership with think tank Autonomy, the 4 Day Week UK Campaign and researchers at Cambridge University, Oxford University and Boston College. The UK pilot is expected to launch in June and will run alongside other trials across the US, Ireland, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. From a local fish and chip shop to large corporate companies, a wide range of businesses are set to take part. Several studies have shown that moving to a four-day week boosts productivity and the wellbeing of staff. When Microsoft trialled a four-day week with no loss of pay in their Japan office, productivity went up by 40%. Anthony added: ‘The launch of the four-day week pilot programme in the UK represents an exciting moment of change for employers and employees. ‘For a company to thrive in this new paradigm it needs to evolve the support provided to remote employees and ensure they’re equipped to give their all.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.