Dolly Parton has revealed fans probably won’t bump into her on any of the rollercoasters at Dollywood – because she’s afraid of losing her hair on the ride. The country legend, 76, has owned the theme park in Tennessee since 1986, but she’s unlikely to try out any of the hair-raising attractions herself. Speaking on The One Show, she joked: ‘I don’t do too much of that because I have too much to lose… like my hair! And god knows what else will fall out on me!’ She added: ‘But anyhow, I really have a tendency to get motion sickness so I really don’t ride the rides, in fact they laugh about me when we do publicity about a new ride. I usually put a whole bunch of people on that rollercoaster with wigs on like a Dolly wig and just let them go round and round. ‘Then I’m waiting at the foot of the ride to talk to the press so, anyway, we’re very proud of all our rides and we have a hospital nearby if you do get sick on the rollercoaster, so we’re good!’ Dolly had appeared alongside co-author James Patterson to promote their new book Run Rose Run, and with it coinciding with International Women’s Day, she shared her own inspiration. She explained: ‘Well I have many role models, I am impressed by any strong woman that’s really willing to stand on their own and stand up for what they believe in and try and make a difference. ‘I think it shouldn’t matter if you’re a man or a woman, you should be allowed to do what you can do best because we’re all out there trying to make life better. But I’m all for all those wonderful, strong women out there.’ Dolly, who is a pretty iconic woman herself, revealed that she has a new female anthem on an album created for the book. She told viewers: ‘It’s called Woman Up And Take It Like A Man, it’s kind of like my new woman’s anthem so anyhow, I’m very proud of that particular song. ‘Same as with Nine To Five, that was like a working person’s song, men and women but it was mostly written about the working women that were really doing so much work and getting paid so much less than they should have. ‘I’m just very proud of all the work that I’ve done to support women and I’ll continue to do that. ‘I’ve been writing songs about it and trying to live a good example about what women can do and how you can just stand up and use your talent and do the best you can, so happy women’s day everybody!’ The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dolly Parton dedicates 57th ACM awards to people of Ukraine in light of Russia invasion: ‘Let’s pray for peace around this crazy old world’ MORE : Dolly Parton’s Dollywood employees to get college fees and expenses paid: ‘Their success is our success’ 