West Ham United star Kurt Zouma will be prosecuted under the Animal Welfare Act after being filmed kicking his cat. The RSPCA has begun the prosecution process against Zouma and his brother, Yoan, who was also filmed in the incident. An RSPCA spokesperson said: ‘Following a full and thorough investigation, we have started the process of bringing a prosecution against Kurt Zouma and Yoan Zouma under the Animal Welfare Act. ‘The two cats continue to be cared for by the RSPCA. We will be in a position to release more information once a court date is confirmed.’ A brief statement from West Ham said: ‘We are aware of the RSPCA statement in relation to its investigation involving Kurt Zouma. Kurt continues to co-operate fully, supported by the club. ‘It is our understanding that Kurt’s cats have been checked by a vet, are in good health and have suffered no physical injuries. ‘For legal reasons, neither Kurt or the Club will be making any further comment at this time.’ Yoann Zouma, who plays for non-league side Dagenham and Redbridge, has already been charged under the Animal Welfare Act, his club has confirmed. ‘Dagenham & Redbridge FC note the decision of the RSPCA to charge Yoan Zouma under the Animal Welfare Act 2006,’ the statement said. ‘Whilst Yoan continues to fully co-operate with the RSPCA, as this matter has now progressed further, Dagenham & Redbridge FC feel it is no longer appropriate for either Yoan or the club to make any further statement. ‘Dagenham & Redbridge FC maintain their position in that the club continues to condemn all animal cruelty.’ Kurt Zouma was not dropped from the West Ham side by manager David Moyes and has continued to play for the Premier League side since the incident. The Frenchman was however dropped by sponsor Adidas as a result. West Ham are in action against Sevilla on Thursday night in the second leg of their Europa League last 16 tie. Zouma played the full 90 minutes in last week’s first leg clash in Spain. MORE : Kurt Zouma’s brother charged by RSPCA for filming cat-kicking video MORE : ‘Kurt Zouma copycats kicking pets’ sparks alarm from animal charities For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 