Martin Compston opened up on just how difficult he found film some parts of his new drama Our House, which sees his character Bram involved in some very questionable situations. The series – which plays out over four nights next week – tells the story of Fiona Lawson (Tuppence Middleton) who arrives home to see another family moving into her home. The twist? She has no idea who they are. After all, her house has never been up for sale. As she struggles to get hold of her estranged husband, it becomes apparent Bram (Martin Compston) has disappeared and left her to pick up the pieces, Fi realises the secrets and lies have only just begun. Based on the book of the same name from Louise Candlish, Martin plays the troubled father Bram, who with one careless mistake, finds himself going down an increasingly destructive path. But Martin revealed he struggled to stay composed while filming some of the more difficult scenes, which often come up in the new four-parter. Talking about very emotionally charged moments to come, Martin shared of his character to Metro.co.uk: ’Yeah, this guy’s a mess, a complete mess, ‘It’s funny because when you read it on the page, you go, “Oh, this is gonna be great,” but then we actually turn up to do it, you go “Oh, my God, I’m breaking down practically every scene.” ‘So it was a tough old shoot, it really was! But when you see the sort of end product, you hope this is worth it! The initial reaction seems to be that it was.’ On how it compared to some of the other dramas he’s starred in, he noted: ’This one’s probably the most emotionally difficult I’ve played in a long time. It took a fair bit out of me. ‘We’re quite lucky as well. When I got there, a lot of intensive scenes are interior, so they’re in the studio, filming inside the house and then in the flat so we blasted that out in about three week – a lot of big emotional stuff. ‘So you can kind of go away from the family for a couple of weeks, that’s doable, and just to get my head down into sort of being the dark headspace.’ Martin explained how important it is for him to ‘try and keep touch with reality’ amid tricky shoots. ‘Otherwise, it seeps into you too much,’ Martin continued. ‘So it’s a juggling act at times, especially when I think people understand when they see just how far and how dark it goes for Bram. ‘But yeah, it was definitely a difficult shoot. That’s for sure,’ he added. He also praised his co-star Tuppence for keeping spirits and ‘setting the tone’ on set, adding: ‘She’s a fabulous actor and just a lovely person. ‘Myself and Tuppence had some really challenging scenes – really emotionally difficult – and it can put a lot of stress on you. ‘It’s great when you’re going through that with somebody who you can trust and also very important you can have a laugh with and find those lighter moments together. ‘She’s a great collaborator. I’d love to work with her again.’ Our House airs over four nights from Monday, March 7, from 9pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Martin Compston reveals who he’d love DI Steve Arnott to go up against if Line of Duty returns for season 7 MORE : Gogglebox’s Giles and Mary share amazing throwback snaps and fans think he looks like David Bowie, Tom Cruise or Hugh Grant 