A Kremlin spokesman says a Russian delegation is ready to resume talks this evening with Ukraine about the war. Negotiations are likely to be held in Belarus again in an attempt to bring the conflict to a close, but it is unclear whether any Ukrainian delegates will show up. Russia previously held ceasefire talks on the country’s border with Ukraine but they ended on Monday without any breakthrough being made. Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky had told his country he was prepared to begin talks, but not in Belarus, where some Russian troops had been sent from. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Refusing to come to Minsk, he said: ‘We will not negotiate in the city from which missiles are fired at Ukraine.’ Insisting on only talking in places that haven’t shown aggression towards his country, Zelensky suggested talks in Warsaw, Istanbul and Baku. Yesterday he said Russia must stop bombing Ukrainian cities before talks on Moscow’s invasion can continue. ‘First we can try to predict whether Ukrainian negotiators will show up or not. Let’s hope this happens. Our (negotiators) will be there and ready,’ Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters. He said Moscow needed to formulate a harsh, thought-out and clear response to sanctions imposed by Western countries to undermine the Russian economy. Asked whether the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline project led by Russia’s Gazprom was dead, Peskov said the infrastructure was still there and common sense was for it to be launched. Berlin has said it will halt certification of the pipeline which runs from Russia to Germany but has yet to open. Peskov said Russia’s economy was experiencing a serious blow but that it was solid and the country had experience of getting through crises. Setting out his conditions for further talks with Russia, Zelensky said: ‘It’s necessary to at least stop bombing people, just stop the bombing and then sit down at the negotiating table.’ Just as he was speaking, news emerged that a Russian missile had struck a TV tower near a Holocaust memorial site in the Ukrainian capital, killing at least five people. Yesterday missiles struck the heart of Kharkiv, Ukraine’s second biggest city, hitting a government building in the city centre. And today Russia claimed it had taken over the southern city of Kherson, which lies north of the Crimea peninsula. This is a breaking news story – more to follow. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.