Robbie Williams is apparently ‘struggling’ to find an actor who is ‘confident enough’ to play him in his forthcoming biopic Better Man. The team behind the flick, directed by The Greatest Showman’s Michael Gracey, is currently holding auditions, but they just can’t find the perfect man for the job. The project is set to follow the 48-year-old Take That singer on his rise to fame, and to tackle the demons he faced both on and off the stage, but finding their Robbie is proving to be a difficult task. An insider told the Mirror: ‘Michael and Robbie held top-secret auditions to find a star to play the young Robbie recently. ‘They didn’t meet anyone they were confident could pull it off. ‘Robbie is stunned at how difficult the project has been to get made. And now he’s starting to worry it’s never going to make it to the big screen and he’ll look foolish for hyping it up.’ Sources have said that Hollywood bosses are excited for the forthcoming flick, following the success of movies such as Elton John’s Rocketman and Queen’s Bohemian Rhapsody. Robbie is one of the world’s most successful artists of all time, and has sold more albums in the UK than any other British solo artist in history. His record sales also stand at 77 million world wide, making him one of the most successful artists in history. Life hasn’t always been straight forward for the stalwart pop star, however. Despite finding fame in the UK boyband Take That, which he joined in 1990 at the age of 16, he left five years later in 1995. The Angels hitmaker had got into conflict with fellow band members, after his alcohol and cocaine use spiraled out of control. In 1996, he launched his solo career, and in 1997, his version of George Michael’s Freedom reached number 2 in the UK charts. Robbie has now been sober now for 20 years, after his battles with addiction and has since met the love of his life Ayda Field, with whom he now has four children. He has also won a record 18 Brit Awards, the most in its entire history, and is reported to be worth approximately £90 million. He has also been the recipient of eight Echo Awards from the German film industry. Some of his biggest hits include chart-toppers such as Angels, Let Me Entertain You and Millennium as well as She’s The One and Rock DJ. In light of this, we’ve taken a deep dive into the top runners and riders of actors who could possibly portray Robbie, from Jack O’Connell, to Harry Styles. With his ‘bad boy’ reputation, 31-year-old Jack O’Connell has perhaps the perfect grounding to portray the turbulent life of Robbie. He’s best known for his role as self-destructive teen Cook in Skins, but also made his name as Eric Love in British prison drama Starred Up, and skinhead Pukey in the film This Is England. Other roles he’s taken on include a boy incarcerated with his father in Starred Up, his first role as a boy accused of rape in The Bill, as well as numerous parts in theatrical dramas. In a 2021 interview with the Guardian, Jack discussed his tendency to go to ‘physical extremes’ in order to show the ‘vulnerability’ behind violent men. After citing Tom Hardy, Gary Oldman and Tim Roth as top role models, playing Robbie Williams is certainly a part he could really get his teeth into. The only thing missing from his starry CV appears to be any musical experience, but with his acting chops, we’re sure he’d be able to ace it in a few takes. Who has better credentials to portray pop bad boy Robbie than fellow musician Harry Styles? Harry has made his move into acting from full-time pop-stardom of late, and even met his current girlfriend Olivia Wilde on the set of forthcoming flick Don’t Worry Darling. Despite the fact the 28-year-old Watermelon Sugar hitmaker looks nothing like Robbie, we imagine that the masters of makeup and editing could really get to work and do an impressive transformation. There are a number of parallels between Robbie and Harry, which would also make him an excellent candidate – for one, he started out in a boyband, One Direction, just like ex-Take That star Robbie. Both musicians and performers also found fame at a young age, with Harry’s career kicking off in 2010 after he appeared on The X Factor at the tender age of 16. As previously mentioned, Robbie also joined Take That at 16, which is, we have to say, just a similarity too far. A match made in heaven? Welsh actor Taron Egerton, 32, is already the recipient of a Golden Globe Award, and has received nominations for both a Grammy Award and two British Academy Film Awards, so he’s venerable Hollywood stock. In 2019, he took up the role of Elton John in the aforementioned biopic Rocketman, which required the actor to learn how to sing after being trained up by celebrity vocal coach Michael L. Roberts. There is no doubt that all his rigorous training will be indispensable when attempting to portray the bad boy of British pop. Speaking about his role at the time to Digital Spy, Taron said he felt ‘incredibly privileged’ and ‘honored’ to have been offered the opportunity to portray Sir Elton. Perhaps he’d enjoy taking another stab at an albeit different type of rock star? There are no two ways about it, Tom Holland is the man of the moment. The 25-year-old English actor, who is currently dating the equally talented and stratospherically famous actress Zendaya, is hot off the back of performances in Spiderman, Uncharted and The Devil All The Time. Tom is well known for his cheeky behavior, which includes some hilarious and public jokes on social media, as well as his strong music and dancing credentials. In 2017, the actor was skyrocketed to fame after he performed a viral lip-sync of Rihanna’s Umbrella whilst on UK TV show Lip Sync Battle. The clip, which coincided with the release of Tom’s first-ever Spiderman role, and saw him dressed in a bob wig and latex shorts, has since been viewed over 75 million times on YouTube. With all this experience in the bag, we’re sure he’d take the role of Robbie well within his stride. Asa Butterfield first gained recognition as the lead of historical drama film The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas, back in 2008. At just 24, the youngest of our crop of potential Better Man stars, he’d be the ideal candidate to portray Robbie during his early years in Take That, when he was best-known for his wild partying antics. Not only does he have a really strong Robbie-ish look about him – even dying his hair peroxide blond at one point – he’s also had a range of roles that make him just the man for the job. The actor is perhaps best known for his recent portrayal of awkward teenager Otis Milburn in Netflix’s Sex Education, which is good preparation for early-day Robbie. With other titles including Greed, Nanny McFee Returns, Ender’s Game and The House of Tomorrow under his belt, he’s got a wide-ranging CV behind him packed with relevant experience. Only time will tell if he makes the cut… MORE : Robbie Williams currently homeless after selling all his properties: ‘We haven’t got an abode right now’ MORE : Robbie Williams ‘struggling’ to find actor ‘confident’ enough to play him in Better Man biopic 