Great sex involves both give and take. And there are many ways both parties can experience intense pleasure. For lots of men, a blowjob will be top of their list (we’ve even previously heard from men what a good one feels like). But there’s no denying that, sometimes, they can take a while. So what’s the secret to not getting tired when giving a blowjob? Experts have shared their tips on how to do exactly that – and, ultimately, make it more enjoyable for both partners. These are their suggested methods to reduce BJ fatigue: Tatyana, relationship expert psychologist and sex therapist, says the key thing to do is to pace yourself. She tells Metro.co.uk: ‘If you go too fast too soon, you will wear yourself out. Slow down and take your time. Mouth fatigue is a common problem when it comes to blowjobs.’ Variety is key to oral sex, says Tatyana. She says: ‘Don’t spend ages only sucking – try licking and flicking with your tongue, too. This gives your mouth a rest from the constant sucking position, which is what causes the fatigue. ‘If you find yourself getting tired, or you begin to get jaw ache, stop using your mouth and use your hands for a while. You can still lick the penis with your tongue while using your hands.’ Tatyana adds that if you find that giving a blowjob always takes a long time, there are certain things you can do to speed the process up. She says: ‘Don’t forget the balls. While you suck, cup them in your hands and give them a gentle squeeze. Massage them gently in your hand.’ Resident sexpert at UberKinky, Ruby Payne, says to never underestimate the power of your hands – as well as your mouth. She says: ‘Your jaw will get tired; that’s an inevitable part of BJs, so get your hands involved to alleviate some of the pressure. ‘Wrap your hand around their penis in a fist – not too tight – and focus your lips on the upper part, while your hand moves up and down in tandem with your mouth. ‘You can also get creative with your hands – use them to gently give him a squeeze as you move, or carefully swivel your hand as though you’re revving a motorbike.’ Tatyana stresses it’s important that a partner is really turned on before you begin the blowjob – so spend some time on foreplay to ensure they are aroused, as this could make the blowjob time quicker. Ruby supports this and says it’s vital to ensure they are fully in the mood. She add: ‘Don’t just dive straight in there and start with the lip service. Getting a penis from zero to 100 takes a lot more work than if you’ve already engaged in plenty of foreplay. ‘Get your make out on, stroke their penis with your hands or grind yourself against them – whatever it takes.’ Another top tip from Tatyana is to throw toys into the mix – to add to the overall sensation and help the process along. She says: ‘I’d recommend anything that buzzes. Place it on the testicles or the frenulum – which is located on the underside of the penis where the foreskin meets in a small V-shape. ‘This area is particularly sensitive and will drive the penis-owner wild.’ Experts say it will be more enjoyable for everyone if you don’t have a dry mouth. Ruby continues: ‘Nobody wants a rough ride; down a glass of water before you venture south to make for a truly smooth sensation. ‘Your aim is to emulate the soft wetness of sex as much as possible.’ ‘A good blow job doesn’t just involve bobbing your head up and down with your mouth wide open,’ adds Ruby. ‘Did you know there are around 4,000 nerve endings in the tip of the penis, just waiting for you to give them a little tickle?’ Experts say the more you worry about your partner’s orgasm, the more it will take away from the excitement of the situation. Ruby says: ‘Just enjoy it, and I mean really enjoy it. The sight of you enjoying it will turn them on faster than any fancy move you could employ.’ While Denise Kratzenberg, the co-founder of Cheex, says it’s important to feel comfortable and, even, empowered. She says: ‘The key is to let it empower you and let go of apprehension you may have about this practice, just be in the now and let yourself love it and he will too. If you believe you’re sexy, then he’ll be right there with you. ‘Just because you’re the one going down on him – this isn’t the time to forget about yourself. The more you enjoy it – he will too. ‘So, keep in mind, it’s all about the people involved, not just the one receiving the blowjob and don’t let fears or pressure you may feel make you shy away from something that can bring immense pleasure to both parties.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How I Do It: ‘I run a sex toy company with my wife – here’s a week in our sex life’ MORE : Flat doggy is great for lazy, hungover sex – here’s how it’s done MORE : Three Bridgerton-inspired sex positions to try with the person you’re burning for