Elon Musk and Grimes have secretly welcomed a baby girl. The Oblivion singer, 33, revealed their family has grown in a chat with Vanity Fair – introducing daughter Exa Dark Sideræl Musk. Speaking to the publication, she explained that the little one was born in December, via a surrogate, three months after she split from the Tesla mogul, 50. Grimes – real name Claire Elise Boucher – unveiled the newborn’s nickname as Y, which is fitting considering her brother’s name is X Æ A-12, and emphasized the pronunciation of Sideræl as ‘sigh-deer-ee-el’. Sharing an update on the little one, the mom-of-two said: ‘She’s a little colicky too.’ Touching on why she decided to keep Exa’s arrival under wraps, she continued: ‘I don’t know. I don’t know what I was thinking.’ The news may come as a surprise as Elon and Grimes announced that they had gone their separate ways last year, after a three-year romance. Lifting the lid on their reunion, she insisted that their romance is the ‘best it’s ever been’, as they ‘just needed to be free’. ‘I would probably refer to him as my boyfriend, but we’re very fluid. We live in separate houses. We’re best friends. We see each other all the time…. We just have our own thing going on, and I don’t expect other people to understand it,’ she said. On whether we can expect anymore bundles of joy in the future, the musician added that they have ‘always wanted at least three or four’. The couple started dating in 2018 and welcomed their first child together two years later, raising eyebrows with the little one’s unique name. They decided to go their separate ways last September, with the businessman confirming the split to Page Six. Grimes later appeared to make some thinly-veiled digs at the businessman in her song, Player of Games. Elon spoke of their romance in a chat with Time Magazine in December – possibly around the same time that their daughter was born – admitting it was unlikely that they would reunite as a full-time couple. ‘Grimes and I are, I’d say, probably semi-separated,’ he explained. ‘We weren’t seeing each other that much, and I think this is to some degree a long-term thing, because what she needs to do is mostly in LA or touring, and my work is mostly in remote locations like this,’ he said, speaking of his Space X headquarters in Texas. Elon is already dad to twins Griffin and Xavier, and triplets Damian, Saxon and Kai, from his previous marriage to author Justine Wilson. The couple – who divorced in 2008 – also welcomed son Nevada Alexander in 2002, who died of sudden infant death syndrome (Sids) at 10 weeks old. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Andrew Garfield moved to tears after receiving special honour at costume awards: ‘I’m just so surprisingly overwhelmed and touched’ MORE : Piers Morgan skewers Kim Kardashian with sex tape jibe as he leads celebrity backlash over comments on work and success 