Martin Lewis has declared he’s finding it challenging to help those in ‘crisis’ due to the increase in energy bills after a ‘depressing’ phone-in on This Morning. Chancellor of the Exch Rishi Sunak announced every household in the country would receive the £200 discount in October as a way of mitigating the worst of the coming £700 hike in the price cap. The cap will be raised by 54% from April 1, 2022, to £1,971, with many concerned about how much their bills may rise. During his segment on Thursday’s daytime programme, the finance guru, 49, tried to advise people on how to deal with the payment increase, however, after discussing the matter with a single parent he revealed the current situation has left him feeling helpless. Venting his frustration on Twitter, he wrote: ‘Bloody depressing @thismorning phone-in again. ‘So many people at crisis point regarding energy bills – including those with v high usage due to disabilities (home ventilators, oxygen concentrators, elec wheel chairs etc). I am nearly OUT OF TOOLS to help Govt must intervene.’ Independent money advice service Money Buddies replied in agreement: ‘We are in the same boat Martin. We saw twice as many people than we expected to see in February, same again in March, and we have a huge waiting list of people desperate to see us who are vulnerable. We are at breaking point… the state must intervene now…’ The outburst comes after the Money Saving Expert founder – who made a successful co-hosting debut on Good Morning Britain last year –  was slammed on social media over the current payment plan put in place. He tweeted: ‘To those attacking me for saying the new £200 scheme isn’t a loan even asking “where do u get your info from?” ‘It’s what I do for my job. I say its not a loan, as it’s not a loan. It’s not a political statement, I’m explaining the practicals.’ He later shared a video of himself discussing how the scheme works, stressing that there’s no connection between receiving the £200 this year and having to pay it back. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kate Garraway reveals Derek Draper had to be carried down to wellbeing garden by TV crew as ‘lift wasn’t working’ MORE : ITV announces Concert for Ukraine spectacular to raise money for humanitarian appeal 