Yesterday evening, as I cooked my children’s dinner and heard them bickering about who’s turn it was to have the TV remote, my phone began pinging. Message after message poured in, from people saying they were ‘thinking about me’ or sending love. I had no idea what they were talking about so I headed to social media to discover the heartbreaking news that Tom Parker had passed away, aged 33. As I read outpourings to Tom and his family, I was pulled back to 2017, when my own husband Ross Blair died of brain cancer. He was diagnosed with grade 4, rare (a PNET tumour) brain cancer in 2014 and, at the time, our children were one and three. Before his diagnosis, Ross had experienced symptoms of depressions and severe headaches and after one particularly bad headache and a bout of vomiting he was rushed into hospital. Late that evening, two doctors delivered the news that he had an egg-sized tumour in his brain. We were utterly shocked but, as I felt like my legs were going to buckle beneath me, Ross simply said, ‘OK, what next?’ Ross had brain surgeries, chemotherapy, radiotherapy and did everything he could to fight back against this horrendous illness. Just like Tom, his attitude was positive and he didn’t let it hold him back. He continued to run his teamwear and property business, whilst I ran my life coaching business. We went on holidays, we spent time with our amazing daughters and we pottered around together, drinking cups or tea and laughing through the chaos. He lived life the way he always would, often having an intense session of chemo, then heading out to play football. ‘I’m either dead or I’m alive,’ he’d say. ‘They tell me I’ve got cancer but I can’t feel it!’ And after his second brain surgery, he would be found decorating our daughter Texas’ bedroom. Yet, after three and a half years, the treatment hadn’t worked and there were no more ‘what nexts’ left. In July 2017, Ross died, surrounded by those he loved in Myton Hospice, Warwick. Ross was a force of a man, everyone who knew him could tell a hundred stories of his escapades and his fun. We were together nearly 10 years and his death devastated me. Four years down the line, there are still moments (like yesterday) where him not being here feels unfathomable and as shocking as when I first lost him. Let me be clear that I don’t know Tom or his wife Kelsey personally but on hearing the initial news of Tom’s diagnosis, I was struck by the similarities between our families. Tom was 33, my husband Ross 32, both vibrant men with positive attitudes. Two couples that were completely in love, with two young children, starting out on family life. I found it hard to watch their story play out in the press over the last year and have actively avoided reading about it. It felt too close, too raw. Still, I inevitably heard snippets and desperately wanted them to have a different outcome to us. I cannot know what his wife Kesley is going through right now and I would never want to encroach on this painful time. I will however offer up my advice to anyone experiencing big loss and you can take what resonates and discard the rest. Your grief is your own. Everyone’s grief is so personal, so individual and no one can tell you how to ‘do’ it. In my initial stages, there was so much noise around me and so many expectations of how a ‘widow’ is supposed to look and behave (think black veil and tears) that I had to work hard to focus on what felt right to me. You too can choose to zone in and do whatever it is that feels right to you. For me that was to get my make-up on, do my hair and at least ‘look’ like my world wasn’t crumbling. It was to focus on my business (The Happy Me Project) and how I could walk my children through it all. You don’t have to do everything at once. There are some horrible admin tasks you have to do after a death that feel so detached from your pain. I remember being asked what sandwiches I wanted at my husband’s wake and thinking, ‘I couldn’t care less.’ Or the thought of going through their clothes or possessions. That stuff can take time and it can be when you want it to be. You don’t need to be rushed. Leave your judgement of yourself at the door. You haven’t done this before, there are no rules here, so be kind to yourself. You’re probably going to think and behave in ways you’ve never behaved before and you might shock yourself at times. A few weeks after Ross’s death, I was balling up his socks and putting them into a bag and I (a logical human who believes in science) thought, ‘There must be a way someone can bring him back!’ He was cremated. I cried when I thought that thought, then burst into laughter at the ludicrous nature of the thoughts that were flowing. People mean well but they’re going to say things that annoy you. That’s just the reality of everyone having a different world view and most of us being pretty terrible at dealing with talking about death. They will impart their version of an afterlife on you and tilt their head as they ask ‘but how are you really?’ on a day when you’re actually feeling semi-human. They will do all of it because they care and mean well. Ride the wave of it all, they’re doing their best. Overall, it’s a ‘take it one step at a time’ kinda deal. Grief comes in waves and your person lives on in everything you do. Tom Parker has left his mark on this world and his wife and children will have that forever. Just like my husband Ross, who stated before he died, ‘just tell them I was alright’ and professed that ‘he had done everything he wanted to and regretted nothing’, Tom Parker really ‘lived’. Some people live a long life and cannot say the same thing. I truly wish Kelsey Parker, their beautiful children and everyone that knew and loved Tom, the sincerest love and support. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Tom Parker died listening to Oasis’s Live Forever while surrounded by family and The Wanted bandmates MORE : Tom Parker’s health journey and brain cancer battle following The Wanted star’s death aged 33 MORE : From X Factor audition to The Wanted success: Tom Parker’s incredible career as he dies aged 33