Choosing the menu for your wedding can easily become one of the most stressful parts. Once the ceremony is over, having a lovely meal with your nearest and dearest is what the rest of the day usually ends up being framed around. After all, you wouldn’t want the guests to get hangry when they should be feeling all warm and fuzzy for the happy couple. But between the cost and the logistics, there’s lots to unpack about picking the content and format of your menu. That’s why Simon Daukes, owner of the events and holiday venue Ash Barton Estate, has explained the different types of typical wedding menus available, his suggestions for what you can serve, and the pros and cons of each. No matter what you call them, or how fancy you want them to be, Simon said serving some tips of small bite at some point during the day is ‘a must’ – especially when it comes to riding the guests over before the full meal. He added: ‘As guests arrive and enjoy that first drink, it’s always nice to have someone walking around serving delicious one-bite morsels. ‘You might want to opt for something traditional such as salmon or caviar blinis with crème fraîche or tomato and olive and pepper crostini, or for something a little different choose arancini balls, Chinese spring rolls, chicken tikka samosas or tiny lobster burgers. ‘You might want to think about serving canapés after the ceremony too when you’re having your photographs taken. Perhaps guests can help themselves to a Devon afternoon Cream Tea before the wedding meal later in the day. The options for tiny canapé delights are endless.’ For anyone looking to keep things traditional, the three-or-four-course wedding breakfast is the classic way of doing things, but it’s not often the cheapest. Simon recommended: ‘Serve a soup or fish starter, a meat-based main course, a dessert and cheese board, followed by the wedding cake and coffee. There should be a couple of options per course and vegetarian/vegan options throughout too. ‘There are a few upsides to a traditional sit-down wedding dinner. Guests can select what they want in advance, which means your wedding caterer can order only what’s needed and manage the portion size too. This reduces the amount of food leftover. And when everyone is seated, it also means everyone is served at the same time and no one misses out because they were chatting or having photographs taken. ‘The downside is that this is probably the most expensive option, not just for the food but with other costs such as extra waiting staff, crockery and cutlery. A seated meal takes up more time too. A three-course meal typically takes one and a half to two hours to serve, while a four-courser can take two to two and a half hours. ‘So, if you want to get the food and over and done with, so you can get on with the dancing, you might want to skip a sit-down meal.’ Simon has it that opting for a buffer is great for couples ‘looking for something a little less formal,’ and meze options are getting more popular. ‘Big bowls of green salad, potato salad, pasta and rice dishes, alongside chicken, cold meats and veggie options are always popular,’ he added, ‘and it means guests get to try a range of foods too. More and more couples are choosing to theme their buffet and opt for a range of Middle Eastern or Mediterranean dishes such as hummus, pita, olives, goat’s cheese, harissa lamb and curried chicken. ‘Get creative with your dessert stations and opt for a doughnut wall or brownie tower. And install candy carts and popcorn machines. They always go down well with the smallest guests.’ A benefit of serving food like this is that it takes up less time having people serve themselves from a buffet, and less staff to help too. They also tend to be cheaper than formal dinners. But the downsides are that it means there’s ample opportunity for spills, and queueing for food is a bit less convenient for guests. There’s also a chance that something is so popular, and it runs out. Having sharing platters incorporates the best of both the above wedding menu worlds – they’re more Instagram friendly than the standard buffet, and they’re a little less formal than the standard three-to-four-coursers while still having an air of occasion about them. ‘Sharing platters or sharing boards for weddings have become incredibly popular in recent years and are ideal if you want something a little less formal but don’t want to go down the buffet route,’ explained Simon. ‘Platters of food are placed in the middle of each table and guests help themselves or pass the platter around. Every course can be served on a platter and there’s a wide variety of dishes to choose from. You might want to serve British classics such as Scotch eggs and mini pork pies served with pickles, followed by beef, and Yorkshire puddings. Or opt for falafels, hummus and baba ghanoush followed by free-range chicken strips with spicy Spanish chorizo and ratatouille. ‘The downsides are similar to a buffet – you can’t gauge how much someone is going to eat. Plus, there’s the mess. When guests are serving themselves, you’re guaranteed to have food spilt on the table. ‘But the good thing about serving the food on sharing platters is that it’s a relaxed and informal and a great conversation starter. It also means guests can continue to “graze” the desserts during the speeches and toasts. (And yes, the dessert boards look particularly pretty on the ‘gram.)’ In recent years, BBQs, food trucks and traditional takeaway options like pizza and burgers have become increasingly common at fuss-free weddings. Simon said: ‘Think street food trucks serving everything from fish and chips, and gourmet bangers and mash to crêpes and waffles. BBQs and hog roasts are popular, as are big pots of paella or chilli. And who doesn’t love a midnight pizza delivery just as everyone is starting to flag on the dancefloor? ‘The downside to festival style food is making sure there are plenty of places to sit if you’re serving food outside. Standing while eating a tiny canapé is one thing. Standing while eating a cheesy taco is another. ‘If you want something more traditional, then festival food probably isn’t for you. But the upside is that it’s hale and hearty fare and lots of fun.’ Ultimately, Simon said that you should pick food that ‘means something to you.’ He added: ‘It could be that you have a combination of the above with a sit-down meal in the afternoon and food trucks in the evening. What you opt for will depend on your budget, your venue, and the style of food you prefer. ‘It’s always nice to have foods that reflect your travels or the nationalities of the wedding’s party or guests. ‘Stuck for ideas? Choose a wedding caterer that’s worked on all kinds of weddings and can give advice. ‘And when you’ve decided what you might like on your wedding menu, organise a tasting session with your caterer.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How to plan a Bridgeterton-esque wedding – tips from the experts MORE : Woman marries the same man again after losing nine stone MORE : Mum moves on from divorce by marrying herself: ‘I highly recommend it’