Love Island’s Siânnise Fudge has put all rumours over a ‘new boyfriend’ to bed after she was pictured cosying up to a new man, following her split from Luke Trotman. Reports emerged over the 27-year-old reality star and Luke’s split in November last year after the couple met on the popular ITV2 dating programme in 2020. However, it seemed as if Siânnise had moved on with model Chris Beviere after the pair jetted off to St Lucia on a romantic holiday last month. Although she hasn’t addressed her break-up with Luke publicly, during a Q&A via Instagram stories, Siannise confirmed that she’s ‘very much single,’ and ‘content.’ When asked about her current relationship status, she replied: ‘No I don’t have a new boyfriend & I’m currently not dating. ‘I can’t control what people post or write about me but what I can control is how I respond. ‘Unless it’s come from my mouth or I have publicly posted/announced something regarding me having a new boyfriend, then I am very much single & I’m content with that right now.’ Fans quickly put two and two together after they noticed Siânnise and Luke didn’t follow each other on the photo-sharing platform. An insider told The Sun at the time: ‘It’s been a really hard couple of weeks for both of them but it’s over for now.’ The couple were runners up to Paige Turley and Finley Tapp in the 2020 series of Love Island, which ran from January to February last year, and they moved in together soon after the final. They were last pictured together in late October at the premiere of Eternals in London, while Siannise last appeared on Luke’s Instagram on October 7 as part of a sponsored advert. Likewise, Luke last appeared on Siânnise’s page as part of a Spotify ad posted on September 28. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian declared legally single in divorce proceedings with Kanye West MORE : Romeo Beckham, 19, towers over mum Victoria as teenager gets to grips with fashion world at Saint-Laurent show in Paris 