Sadio Mane’s Senegal have qualified for the 2022 World Cup after beating Egypt on penalties as Mohamed Salah and his team-mates were targeted by laser pens. Nearly two months on from Senegal’s triumph over Egypt on penalties to win the Africa Cup of Nations, history repeated itself as Mane fired the champions to an appearance in Qatar later this year. It means there will be no Salah at the World Cup as he failed to convert his penalty in the shoot-out while his Liverpool team-mate was the hero of the hour once again. On February 7, Salah opted to take the fifth penalty in the AFCON final but didn’t even get a chance to as Senegal wrapped up proceedings to win 4-2 on penalties to clinch their first-ever Nations Cup title. This time at the Abdoulaye Wade Stadium, Salah made sure he took the first penalty but blazed his effort over the bar. However, the Liverpool forward was subjected to lasers being shone in his face from the home crowd. Mane soon had his moment in the spotlight and converted the winning kick in a 3-1 win on penalties with Senegal winning 1-0 on the night having lost by the same scoreline in the first leg earlier this month. Mane and Salah will return to Liverpool later this week where the former will have bragging rights once again. But the pair have a close friendship and Mane admitted after they returned to Melwood following the AFCON final he had hardly mentioned the result to show respect to Salah’s disappointment. ‘Me and Mo Salah don’t even talk about it,’ Mane said. ‘I think that I’m still thinking about my African Cup, but it’s also an important game that means a lot to me and my people. ‘If we can qualify – and we will do everything to do it – it’s very important for me, my team-mates and my country because it’s a really, really massive competition, which is a dream for any football player. ‘We will be well prepared for it and do everything possible to win because it’s really important. ‘Until now – you won’t believe me – but we haven’t talked about it, because I know he’s still disappointed for sure.’ MORE : El Hadji Diouf claims Liverpool will not meet Mo Salah’s wage demands because he is African MORE : What Mohamed Salah has told Liverpool team-mates about his future amid contract stalemate For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 