Winter has reared its head in Britain where some people have woken up to a thick blanket of snow. You may think this is some early April Fool’s joke, but temperatures have actually plummeted to -1°C in some parts of Scotland and Wales. The Met Office confirmed a spell of unsettled weather is on the way, not long after last weekend’s blissful sunshine and highs of 18°C. A yellow ice warning is in place until 10am for large swathes of Scotland, East Midlands, the North East England and the Yorkshire and Humber area. People should expect icy patches on untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths, increasing the chance of accidents or injuries. Longer journey times due to the heavy snow should also be expected. Rough sleepers in Newcastle, North Tyneside and Gateshead were brought inside last night after the area’s councils introduced severe weather emergency protocols. There are fears more weather warnings could be issued for Friday morning. Meteorologist Matty Box said there was currently a ‘cold air mass’ over the UK. He added: ‘There is an ice warning out at the moment. If there’s any melt and it refreezes over night then there’s an ice risk. ‘I suspect there will be a similar risk for Thursday night to Friday morning.’ He added there will be a similar chance of snow over Thursday night and Friday morning as well. ‘It will be concentrated and there will be snow showers,’ Mr Box added. ‘It will be eastern and northern areas of the UK that are more likely to see any showers of rain, sleet or snow.’ The weather will then improve over the weekend, with some sunny spells. In true British fashion, people have reacted to the snow with a slice of good humour. Many took to social media to share pictures of frosted daffodils and videos of adorable puppies playing in the snow. Dr Amir Khan shared a clip of the ‘winter wonderland’ in Yorkshire. He wrote: ‘Morning! Our little part of Yorkshire has woken up to a winter wonderland this morning. ‘The trees have their thick snowy coats on and ground crunchy crisp with fresh snow underfoot. It’s certainly a change from last week! Happy Thursday!’ The Met Office’s long range forecast for April 4 until April 13 says people should not expect an improvement in the weather. It said: ‘Thicker cloud across the northwest likely spreading southeastward through the day, bringing periods of rain, these potentially heavy for the far northwest, and possibly wintery in the northeast for a time. ‘Unsettled conditions are expected to continue through the rest of later in the week – with most areas will seeing spells of rain or showers, potentially wintry on high ground at times. ‘Drier and more settled spells of weather are still possible, but more short-lived than recently. ‘Showers will be heavy at times, with hail and thunder. Strong winds are also likely at times, particularly in the north and west, with temperatures mainly near or slightly above average.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.