A man who shares the dinners his mum lovingly prepares into a group chat has seen the dinners mocked relentlessly by pals. Clem Johnson, 24, first started sharing his mum’s dishes with his football mates ‘as a laugh.’ However, one friend called Owen claimed they looked like they’d been ‘cooked in a washing machine.’ Clem regularly sent the pictures into the Liverpool season ticket holder chat with humorous captions. Two meals he shared were described as ‘unidentifiable.’ Other culinary masterpieces included microwaved bacon, pie with cream crackers and spaghetti with ketchup. His friend Owen Southwood, 20, eventually became so stunned by Clem’s diet that he shared it on Twitter. Since being posted, the thread has attracted more than 35,800 likes and 4,920 retweets. ‘He’s taking the piss [out of the meals] with most of the pictures,’ Owen explained. ‘I think he doesn’t mind the spaghetti and sausages but the rest of them he’s taking the piss. ‘We all just send our food in whenever we make something that looks nice, so he does the opposite. ‘It started about two months ago with the sausages and spaghetti. His mum cooks the majority of them. ‘Some of them caused more of a stir in the group than others. The best looking one is probably the curry – it looks edible and would probably taste okay. ‘The worst one was the spaghetti with egg and bacon. We voted as a group that it was the worst meal we’d ever seen. ‘The egg and chips wasn’t even that bad really – it’s just the presentation. The pie on crackers got called worse than rations.’ Clem started sharing the pictures as he became more and more blown away at the creations his mum served him. ‘I’ve been sending them in for ages as a laugh to see their reaction,’ he says. ‘I hate cooking, it’s just too much effort for five minutes to eat. I live with my mum so she cooks. Owen said “enough’s enough – it’s going on Twitter”. ‘All my mates have been laughing for ages. I didn’t think it’d go viral on Twitter though.’ Despite being involved in the mockery, Clem defends his mum’s egg and chips, but does admit the pie and crackers was an interesting mixture. ‘The reaction online has been funny,’ Clem notes. ‘At first I tried to keep it anonymous but loads of people worked out it was me. ‘The chips and eggs weren’t even that bad. Pie and crackers were definitely low. ‘I’ve seen a lad donate £25 to a food bank so that’s all that matters. I don’t go hungry so all good.’ Alongside the pictures that Owen posted, he also added some hilarious comments. One read: ‘Without doubt the single worst meal I have EVER seen consumed, there are starving refugees who would turn their nose up at this, the bacon was also cooked in the microwave. 0/10’ While another said: ‘This is supposed to be a fajita, the block of what looks like butter is a solid block of cheese and yes they are baked beans. 2.5/10’ Although he took part in the joke, Clem is using the situation for good. In a tweet, he asked those laughing at the pictures to donate to a food bank. ‘Now you’ve all had your laugh, can I be serious? Ye my scran’s s**t but I’ve got something on my plate,’ Clem wrote. ‘Loads of people don’t. Put your money where your mouth is and support your local food bank which you can find here.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Boy born without forearm becomes star goalkeeper for local football team MORE : You can buy your very own church – with pews and an organ still in place – for £295,000 MORE : Joe Wicks shares two feel-good healthy recipes