The captain of a P&O ferry has been hailed as a hero after he drew up his gangplanks and refused to allow police aboard his vessel. Eugene Favier, who is in charge of the Pride of Hull, is said to have sealed himself and his crew inside the ship after the brutal lay off of 800 people this morning. The occupation finally came to an end after Captain Favier went ashore and negotiated with the firm’s bosses, according to a union official. The sit-in protest came as other workers blocked a road leading to the Port of Dover in protest over the sudden mass layoff. Footage obtained by BBC News earlier today showed P&O staff being told over Zoom that their last day of employment would be ‘today’ and cheaper agency workers would be hired to replace them. The move sparked outrage from politicians and workers, many of whom refused to leave ships – leading to the incredible scene of security guards with handcuffs being deployed to remove them. As shocked employees made their way home from Dover with belongings stuffed into bin bags and suitcases, buses carrying the new members of staff appeared to arrive. Defiant staff then began chanting ‘support local jobs’ and ‘Stop the P&O jobs carve up’ while blocking the main road, causing huge tailbacks. A lorry driver trying to enter the port began shouting and beeping at the protesters who told him: ‘We’re not moving.’ Police officers then attended the scene close to the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union office in Dover. One of the protesters, who had worked for the company for decades, said: ‘I refuse to move from this road. All this service for nothing. ‘The police will have to take me away.’ A 54-year-old man, who has worked in ferry engine rooms since the 1980s, said: ‘I’m fuming, to be honest with you. I’ve known people who’ve been with the firm for years – this is no way to treat people. ‘It was just a short message this morning saying you’ve all lost a job, basically – all this service for nothing. ‘I’ve seen coachloads of agency crews waiting in the car park at Hyde services, just waiting to come down – it’s as simple as that.’ Some of those who lost their jobs were informed of the decision on a video call from a P&O official who said: ‘The company has made the decision that its vessels going forward will be primarily crewed by a third-party crew provider. ‘Therefore, I am sorry to inform you that this means your employment is terminated with immediate effect on the grounds of redundancy.’ RMT national secretary Darren Procter said: ‘These people lost their jobs this morning via a Teams meeting. It’s a disgrace, frankly, and this demonstration is a reflection of the anger we all feel.’ The RMT is now threatening legal action. General secretary Mick Lynch said: ‘We are seeking urgent legal action and are again calling for the Government to take action to stop what is fast turning into one of the most shameful acts in the history of British industrial relations.’ The ferry operator, bought by Dubai-based logistics giant DP World in 2019, insisted the decision to cut jobs was ‘very difficult but necessary’ as it was ‘not a viable business’ in its current state. It has also suspended all services, with disruption to ferry routes expected for the next 10 days. Routes affected include Dover to Calais, Larne to Cairnryan, Dublin to Liverpool, and Hull to Rotterdam, according to Transport Minister Robert Courts. The minister condemned P&O’s decision to fire the staff with no notice. Opening a statement on the matter in the House of Commons he said: ‘These are hardworking, dedicated staff who have given years in service to P&O. ‘The way they have been treated today is wholly unacceptable and my thoughts are first and foremost with them. ‘Reports of workers being given zero notice and escorted off their ships with immediate effect while being told cheaper alternatives would take up their roles shows the insensitive way in which P&O have approached this issue, a point I have made crystal clear to P&O’s management when I spoke to them earlier this afternoon. ‘I am extremely concerned and frankly angry at the way workers have been treated by P&O.’ Mr Courts said the staff had been ‘signposted’ to support from the Department of Work and Pensions. But Labour leader Keir Starmer criticised the government for ‘failing to strengthen employment rights’. He said the treatment of the P&O workers was disgusting. ‘It just makes my blood boil. It is a complete betrayal of the workforce. It’s just disgusting,’ he told BBC Radio Humberside. ‘This is a company that had furlough during the Covid crisis. It is absolutely disgusting what they are trying to do. They mustn’t be allowed to get away with it.’ The interview came after three Hull MPs wrote to Transport Secretary Grant Shapps urging action to force P&O to stand down. One of them, East Hull Labour MP Karl Turner, earlier revealed that the captain of a ferry named after his constituency told sacked staff they did not have to leave his ship. Mr Turner, sharing a photo of the sit-in protest, said: ‘The captain of The Pride of Hull addressing workers on the ship. ‘They have support right across the city of Hull & the rest of the country and are determined to stay on board for as long as it takes. They should have the full backing of every working person in the UK.’ He identified the Captain as Eugene Favier from The Netherlands and praised his ‘heroic’ efforts to support his crew. Mr Favier is said to have refused to allow police or new crew on board following the mass redundancies by drawing up his gangplanks. He sealed himself and his staff inside the ship and declared he had enough food and supplies to last ‘as long as it takes’, according to The Sun. Mr Turner said he was in contact with an RMT official Gaz Turner, who boarded the ship before the standoff. He said: ‘[Gaz is] saying the captain is refusing to allow the police to enter the ship. Members have said to me that the vessel has got enough supplies to feed the crew for as long as it takes. ‘As far as I understand in maritime law, even though that vessel is in a port, that captain is still entitled under maritime law to refuse any person onto his vessel.’ Eugene eventually went ashore to speak directly with P&O at their request while the crew remained onboard. The standoff came to an end late on Thursday afternoon after P&O agreed to supply paperwork to the RMT. Mr Jackson later said the crew were ‘absolutely devastated’ and described P&O’s actions as ‘unforgivable’. He told reporters at King George Dock in Hull: ‘I got a phone call at 8am saying something was going to happen at P&O, I got on board and spoke to the captain and we said we’ve got to lift the gangway until we’ve got an agreement. ‘At 11am ratings and officers were informed there was going to be a pre-recorded Zoom meeting. After that two to three-minute call all the crew were made redundant.’ Mr Jackson praised the captain for his ‘brave decision’ to lift the gangway ‘for the safety of the crew’, saying security guards were ‘going to pull us off if we weren’t going to get off’. Mr Jackson said: ‘The crew are absolutely devastated. I’ve seen grown men crying on there because they don’t know where they’re going to go from today.’ The union is expected to hold more demonstrations at P&O ports on Friday and had a ‘legal injunction against the company’. P&O Ferries said in a statement: ‘We have made a £100 million loss year-on-year, which has been covered by our parent, DP World. This is not sustainable. ‘Our survival is dependent on making swift and significant changes now. Without these changes there is no future for P&O Ferries.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.