The Wanted star Tom Parker has finally reunited with his two young children after spending three weeks in Spain for cancer treatment for his incurable stage four brain tumor. On Sunday Tom, 33, and wife Kelsey, 32, reunited with their daughter Aurelia, two, and son Bodhi, one, after making the ‘hardest decision’ to spend three weeks in Spain for the specialist treatment. Taking to Instagram, the mum shared a clip of her children being reunited with their dad, who was resting in a bed at their home. She chose the upbeat sound track This Will Be An Everlasting Love as the backdrop to the video. Alongside the heart-wrenching clip, the mother of two said: ‘The Reality of Cancer. Me and @tomparkerofficial as you know have been over in spain for treatment. ‘Which meant the longest time away from our babies. You don’t realise how someone having cancer really affects the whole family. ‘We are so lucky to the biggest team of support. Everyone rallied in and helped in someway. ‘Airport trips, making sure my babies were safe and happy, even Rae’s pre school teachers would message me saying – I’ve given her an extra hug for you today. ‘Even down to my house being clean and when we got home at 1am the heating was on with food in the fridge. It really is the little things. ‘The hardest decision we ever had to make but yet our village of people our family and friends supported us and said “What can I do?” What a village we have Can’t explain how much we missed our babies x.’ The post comes after Tom revealed that he will be missing the first few shows on the forthcoming Wanted tour due to his brain tumor. The tour began on Tuesday night, as his bandmates Max George, Siva Kaneswaran, Jay McGuiness and Nathan Sykes took to the stage in Glasgow. In October 2021, Tom went public with his diagnosis of an inoperable brain tumor, but revealed last year that the glioblastoma was stable after having an MRI scan. In a Channel 4 documentary at the time, In My Head, he revealed that: ‘I don’t want people to treat me different just because I’ve got something, I think that was always on my mind.’ He continued: ‘I do feel like I’m in a much stronger place, but it’s so hard to think about the future. Do you know what I mean?’ Tom has been receiving treatment at a center in the Costa Del Sol, where fees are £8,000 for two weeks, or £11.6k for a three-week programme. Speaking to the Sun, a source said: ‘Tom has been vocal that he doesn’t think the options available in Britain are perfect so he’s trying elsewhere. ‘The tour means so much to him, he cannot wait. The cancer treatment he goes through takes it out of him so it’s been good to go abroad and relax.’ Tom has been vocal about his shock at the lack of availability of treatment for brain cancer suffers in the UK. The chemotherapy drug Temozolomide is now standard procedure treatment for glioblastoma suffers, but the father-of-two’s treatment supposedly include time in an oxygen tank, massages and a special diet. The new tour is the first one the band have embarked upon since 2014. Tom is hoping to make it back in time for the band’s greatest hits tour. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kanye West defends controversial music video burying Pete Davidson alive: ‘Art is freedom of speech’ MORE : Kerry Katona now a millionaire with a Lamborghini thanks to OnlyFans after going bankrupt twice 