Kanye West has called ex-wife Kim Kardashian out once again on Instagram over their daughter’s TikTok account. The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star, 41, set up a joint account on the platform with their eldest daughter North, eight, and the page currently boasts 6.3million followers. Just last month, the Praise God rapper, 44, shared his upset over the account, with his former partner firing back with a public statement. Earlier this week, Kim shared a new video on TikTok with North and her niece, Penelope Disick – something Ye has now lashed out at. In a video on Instagram, he began: ‘Hey everybody, I just got off the phone with Kim. I told her to stop antagonising me with this TikTok thing. I said it’s never again. I am her father. I know y’all don’t respect fathers and the idea of family, and media tries to promote something. ‘I said I’m not allowing my daughter to be used by TikTok, to be used by Disney. I have a say so. And then when people say, “Oh, they’re gonna use this for you in court.” I didn’t have a say so on whether or not they went to Sierra Canyon [school]. Most men do not… There’s no such thing as 50/50 custody in society today. It always leans towards the mum. ‘And I’m happy that you guys got to see just a small piece of what I dealt with. You understand what I’m saying?’ In another video, the Grammy winner recalled an incident at youngest daughter Chicago’s birthday party in January, when he claimed he was banned from the celebrations. He continued: ‘So when we had the Donda 2 release in Miami, I got a flight for all my kids to come from Calabasas, to come to Miami, to see the kids. Then an assistant hit me and said the kids are there. When the plane took off, I got a text from Kim that said North won’t be on the plane. ‘This is the kind of stuff that’s just like the Chicago birthday party, and I’m glad that y’all saw, in the Variety piece, what I have to deal with. ‘Here go another thing. The Doves high school basketball game, we hold one in California. My daughter loves basketball, I want her to see the league that her father is starting. North can’t go to that game. ‘Now we got Sunday Service this morning at 10am. And it’s North had a sleepover so she can’t come to Sunday Service. I moved the Sunday Service up to 10am so that I can go to Saint’s soccer game at 12.30. Moved the entire thing.’ Kanye also shared a screenshot of the latest video on Kim and North’s TikTok account, alongside the caption: ‘I told y’all before about this tik tok stuff Now my 8 year old on here singing she fell in love with an emo girl. ‘Leftist don’t want fathers to have no say in our childrens lives I don’t want my kids at godless Sierra Canyon school I got a voice and I’m not having this [sic].’ He then took aim at Perez Hilton and DL Hughley in the outpouring, after the comedian spoke publicly blasted Kanye and said he was ‘stalking Kim’. ‘Perez Hilton you still ain’t answer my question  And never put my name next to the word abuse Don’t play with my name like that I’m a real person who wants the best for my children,’ he continued. ‘And DL Hughley is a pawn Yeah I know a king not supposed to address a pawn but I address everything [sic.’ In a further post, he blasted DL, claiming that he’s ‘just known as a broke pawn’, and that ‘God does not like you, you have no favour’. DL and Perez have not addressed Kanye’s Instagram posts publicly. Kim and Kanye were married for six years and share four children together – North, Saint, Chicago and Psalm – before the Skims businesswoman filed for divorce last year. She was declared legally single in a recent hearing, and has since made her relationship with Pete Davidson Instagram official. Kim previously issued a scathing statement on Instagram after Kanye hit out at her joint TikTok account. ‘Kanye’s constant attacks on me in interviews and on social media is actually more hurtful than any TikTok North might create,’ she said in a statement on her story. ‘As the parent who is the main provider and caregiver for our children, | am doing my best to protect our daughter while also allowing her to express her creativity in the medium that she wishes with adult supervision – because it brings her happiness. ‘Divorce is difficult enough on our children and Kanye’s obsession with trying to control and manipulate our situation so negatively and publicly is only causing further pain for all. From the beginning | have wanted nothing but a healthy and supportive co-parenting relationship because it is what is best for our children and it saddens me that Kanye continues to make it impossible every step of the way. ‘I wish to handle all matters regarding our children privately and hopefully he can finally respond to the third attorney he has had in the last year to resolve any issues amicably.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Kim and DL for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jussie Smollett’s brother claims Empire star now in ‘psych ward’ after being jailed for staging hate crime MORE : Frankie Bridge underwent surgery to remove eggshell from ear left over from I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! 