People living in a small village in Northumberland enjoyed some of the best views in England. Heddon-on-the-Wall boasts some stunning landscapes of the River Tyne, its surrounding valleys and part of Hadrian’s Wall. But residents say this has all been ruined by the installation of a two-metre high fence, which appears to block some of the amazing view. Property developer Hamilton Willis recently applied to build four new homes on land south of Centurion Way. But this was extremely unpopular with local residents and Northumberland County Council’s planning committee rejected the application. The company lodged an appeal against the decision, which will be heard next month. But villagers were left shocked to see a large wooden fence suddenly built last week around the border of the proposed site, in front of benches which walkers often use. Lorraine Twizell, whose house overlooks the fence, has been left furious. She said: ‘The whole village is very angry. There is a woman and her disabled son who like to come here and bird watch and he’s very distressed. ‘People also come here and watch the fireworks at New Year and on Bonfire Night. ‘The benches are also used by people walking from Newburn, Wylam, and Throckley. ‘It’s a viewing point which lots of the villagers come and use, and now the view is totally gone.’ Maureen Gibson, who also lives on Centurion Way, added: ‘They had said this hedge had been overgrown and untidy. I’ve lived here 60 years and it’s never been untidy. It’s childish.’ Residents have contacted the county council as they feel the fence should have had planning permission. A spokesperson for the council said: ‘We are aware of this issue which is at the very early stages of investigation. An officer will be visiting the site in the coming weeks to determine if the fence requires planning permission. ‘Everyone who has been in touch with the council about this matter will be informed of the outcome of the site visit.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted the developers Hamilton Willis for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.