Naomi Campbell proved to be a woman after our own heart when she was spotted heading home in trainers after a night of partying at the Bafta Film Awards. The supermodel was among the famous faces mingling at the Annabel’s after-party in Mayfair following the Baftas in London on Sunday evening. Hours after the star-studded awards ceremony, Naomi, 51, was snapped leaving the members only club still wearing the sophisticated black gown she wore on the red carpet, but something was noticeably different about her attire. The runway queen had understandably ditched the heels in exchange for more comfortable Nike Air trainers. Even more impressive is that Naomi made sure they matched her glamorous outfit, opting for the black and grey colourway so the fashionista was still maintaining her style even in the wee hours. Earlier in the night, Naomi had appeared on-stage at the Baftas to present the best cinematography award alongside RuPaul, with Greig Fraser scooping the win for his work on Dune. It’s been a busy few weeks for Naomi, who recently attended the lavish countryside wedding of Vogue editor Edward Enninful. She also reunited with fellow supermodels Cindy Crawford and Helena Christensen to walk the runway for Off-White at Paris Fashion Week, while also making other appearances during fashion weeks around the world. Somehow, Naomi has managed to cram in being a mum to her baby girl, who she welcomed in May 2021. The model recently shared a rare insight into her life as a mother, and revealed her daughter ‘wasn’t adopted’. ‘But she is the biggest blessing I could ever imagine,’ she told British Vogue. ‘It’s the best thing I’ve ever done.’ Naomi also gave an insight into her daughter’s temperament, revealing that she’s the calmest of all little jet setters. ‘I’m lucky my little one loves to travel like me – no whimpering taking off or landing,’ she told British Vogue. ‘She’s a good girl: she sleeps very well, she hardly ever cries and I’m told she’s very alert for her age. ‘She’s just started waving, which is fun. She laughs a lot. She’s almost talking. ‘I think she might walk before she crawls. And she’s got six teeth already.’ Joining Naomi at the Annabel’s after-party was Harry Potter actress Emma Watson, who had caused a stir at the main show with her subtle ‘shade’ at JK Rowling amid the controversy over the author’s transgender comments. Lily James and Jenna Coleman were spotted heading into the bash together, while the former posing for photos with Billie Piper once inside. Britain’s Got Talent judge Alesha Dixon brought her husband Azuka Ononye as her plus one, while boxer Nicola Adams and Sabrina Elba attended without their respective partners Ella Baig and Idris Elba. MORE : Emma Watson praised for ‘throwing shade’ at JK Rowling at Baftas: ‘I’m here for all the witches’ MORE : Baftas 2022: Rebel Wilson makes dig at Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith affair drama after he misses ceremony in favour of Critics’ Choice Awards 