Katie Price has a message for the haters as she basks in the sunshine on a romantic holiday with fiance Carl Woods. The former glamour model, 43, jetted off to Thailand with Carl, 33, after a few rough months including court cases and bankruptcy worries. It seems the couple have left the pressures of home life behind them as they cosied up to one another on their sunkissed holiday. Photographs of the pair see them steal a kiss on their most recent getaway, Carl’s arm around Katie and his hand on her thigh. Both are dressed for the warm weather in shorts and T-shirts – and, in Katie’s case, fluffy yellow slippers. Katie, who recently received more plastic surgery ahead of her wedding to Carl, wore a T-shirt from her own clothing line KP Equestrian. And in true Katie fashion, it appeared to hold a message for those who tend to have a lot to say about her lifestyle. The black shirt is emblazoned with the words ‘get over it’ – the star’s regular attitude to people who hold issue with her surgery or, more recently, the couple’s decision to both set up OnlyFans accounts. Katie’s engagement ring – or rock, really – shone brightly on her finger as she and her future husband strolled casually down the street, with her tattoo of beau Carl on full display. Both Katie and Carl have tattoos dedicated to each other, with Carl inking not one, not two, but three portraits of his fiancées face on his body. The pair jetted off to Bangkok last week, where they have been spotted taking in the sights and sounds of Thailand ahead of their planned nuptials. Mum-of-five Katie recently revealed she and Carl are heading down the IVF route as they try for a baby while her eldest son heads off to college. She shares Harvey, 19 with ex-footballer Dwight York, Junior, 16 and Princess, 14 with ex-husband Peter Andre, and Jett, 8 and daughter Bunny, 7, with Kieran Hayler. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price and Carl Woods hold hands on late night walk after jetting off to Bangkok for latest holiday MORE : Katie Price didn’t want to discuss drink-driving crash in Harvey documentary but BBC insisted: ‘I didn’t think it was necessary’ 