Are you one of many who will be working from home permanently? Well, now there are homes that blend living and working together, meaning your living space is equipped for all aspects of life. Galliard Homes has converted East Grinstead’s largest office block, Newacre House, into starter homes with dedicated study areas. The homes are designed as ‘work from home’ pads, are priced starting from £180,000 and are available with Help to Buy. Galliard Homes will also pay a one year service charge contribution for buyers. This will especially aid young professionals looking to purchase their first home. There are a total of 109 studio and one-bedroom apartments spread between two buildings and each aims to bring London-style living to West Sussex at affordable prices. Newacre House consists of an office headquarters which was originally constructed in the mid 1970s and known as East Grinstead House. For many years, it was the home of the Gold Group, a leading recruitment company. Each home is available fully furnished with New Concept Furnishings. This is a complete package including beds, sofas, soft furnishings such as rugs and made-to-measure blinds, accessories, kitchen utensils and cleaning products. All apartments and studios have fully fitted kitchens with two-tone fitted units of white and alpine wood-effect and the bathrooms offer spa-inspired dark tiling for a zen atmosphere In addition, the living room and bedroom interiors are available in stylish neutrals of either crisp white or cool grey. Some of the studios and one-bedroom apartments also come with a separate study making it an ideal ‘work from home’ hub. Located on Wood Street and on the edge of town, the building is less than a five minute walk from the train station. Even better, East Grinstead is a bustling market town not too far from London. Mixing old charm with a modern touch, there is an abundance of shops and restaurants. For those who love to be out in nature, the area also has an abundance of green spaces and was granted the status of capital of the High Weald Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. The first selection of homes in Block D are expected to be completed early this year, while Block E is planned for later in 2022. David Galman, Sales Director at Galliard Homes says of the homes: ‘Newacre House is an opportunity not to be missed. Nestled in an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, while benefiting from the vast array of local amenities and superb travel connections in historic East Grinstead, residents really will be able to have it all. ‘The apartments are finished to a superbly high standard and provide a fantastic chance for first-time buyers to get on the property ladder while living in a leafy location not too far from London.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : From architects to builders, meet the women breaking the glass ceiling in the property industry MORE : ‘Time capsule’ house on market for £395k after 65 years in the same family MORE : Ordinary-looking three-bedroom house on sale for £300k hides a palatial living room inside