Holly Willoughby has revealed she had a bit of a disaster while cleaning – after her cheeky puppy Bailey decided to munch on her vacuum cleaner. The This Morning presenter, 41, took to Instagram to reveal she was getting a head start on her spring cleaning as she took her Dyson vacuum cleaner to pieces to give it a good scrub inside. Sharing a photo of the appliance in pieces, drying on a cleaning cloth, she joked: ‘High glamour Saturday…’ While Holly’s Dyson looked about as pristine as it can get, her efforts ultimately proved to be in vain as Bailey decided it looked more like a chew toy than a cleaner. She shared a photo of the growing dog looking on guiltily at pieces of mangled plastic on the floor as Holly told her followers: ‘Dyson update… my dog ate my hoover…’ Her fans were quick to share their amusement at the incident, writing: ‘OMG, good way to get out of hoovering!’ Others joked: ‘That sucks…..well, it used to’ and ‘I used that excuse too.’ Many fans added that she couldn’t be mad at Bailey for it, writing: ‘Look at her gorgeous face.. You can’t be mad at her’ and ‘Oh naughty Bailey, his face bless him.’ Holly and her family had adopted Bailey in November after her daughter had spent years begging to get a dog. She wrote on her Wylde Moon website at the time: ‘My daughter has been campaigning for us to get a dog since she was able to talk, and we have been waiting for the right time for a dog to fit into our family life. ‘Now, is that time. This little ball of scrumptious energy bounded into our world and immediately made us question why on earth we have waited so long. ‘She’s been brilliant for getting us all out of the house, going on long walks and playing in the garden. ‘During lockdown, the kids gravitated to being on screens more than normal, but Bailey has come in and pushed a giant paw-shaped, reset button for all us… and of course we are completely in love.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Holly Willoughby and husband Dan Baldwin ooze 70s glamour as couple take on the night after ITV security chaos MORE : Holly Willoughby says UK is ‘clearly not doing enough’ to help Ukrainian refugees 