A Place in the Sun star Laura Hamilton enjoyed a raucous Tuesday afternoon in Spain as she tried out a spot of pole dancing while hanging out with colleagues. Over in Valencia, Spain for more filming on the hit property TV show she fronts, the presenter seemed to well and truly reject the idea of a peaceful Spanish siesta as she clambered up on top of the bar to show off her best moves. The star and the crew were in high spirits as they enjoyed their lunchtime boogey, with 39-year-old Laura sharing a clip of herself dancing energetically away with a crew member pal after the team had donned colourful sombreros during their meal. ‘Yep we’ve lost it!’ wrote Laura alongside her upload, adding: ‘The soundman approves “NICE”,’ with a laugh-cry emoji, as his comment and laughter was heard from behind the camera. To much noisy encouragement, Laura was then seen negotiating with the pole on top of the bar, as she leapt onto it before sliding off in giggles. As she was told, ‘Come on, Laura’, the host then swung around again and went for another leap up. Laura captioned the video: ‘Today is really getting a little strange,’ before tagging a friend and asking for some pole dancing tips. She had shown off her outfit of a patterned green and white midi-dress with a thigh-high split for the week’s filming on her grid earlier, joking: ‘Prob not the best dress choice in this weather in Spain… ‘It’s grey, overcast and blowing a gale…but let’s smile, have fun and be grateful… hopefully going to change someone’s life this week…’ This comes shortly after the presenter announced her shock split from husband of 13 years, Alex Goward, in January, writing on social media:  ‘This isn’t something I ever thought I’d be saying but, after 13 years of being together Alex and I have separated. ‘Our children are and always will be our number one priority and we would respect privacy for our family at this time. Laura.’ The pair share two children, Rocco, eight, and Tahlia, six. Laura later admitted she’s been ‘so overwhelmed with sadness’ at times due to the separation but told Hello! magazine: ‘It was a chapter of my life that I am now closing, and I have so many happy memories. ‘We have an enormous amount of respect for each other, but we are now on different paths. ‘At the point it was announced, we’d already overcome a lot of difficult times. But I am lucky that we have the relationship and respect for each other that we have, and our children’s happiness will always be our priority.’ The pair had been married since 2012, with the ceremony taking place in Surrey. The split comes after Laura revealed in a poignant post that she was moving, after spending nine years in her home. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nigella Lawson is a woman after our own heart as she professes love for chip kebabs MORE : Olivia Rodrigo used her actual driver’s license to visit a UK pub 