Russia is feared to be readying a massive assault on Kyiv after a stalled 40-mile ‘death convoy’ redeployed to surround the Ukrainian capital. Satellite images reveal the huge mass of tanks and troops have now fanned out into nearby towns and forests, in an apparent bid to conceal themselves in civilian areas and prevent attacks. Artillery pieces have been raised into firing position in a potentially ominous movement. Tanks were also seen regrouping in towns near the Antonov Airport north of Kyiv –  signalling a renewed push for control of the city. The convoy had massed outside Kyiv early last week, but its advance appeared to stall as reports of food and fuel shortages circulated. US officials said Ukrainian troops also targeted it with anti-tank missiles Yesterday, a top Russian commander was reportedly killed after some of the convoy was destroyed in a Ukrainian ambush that saw Moscow suffer another setback in its goal of seizing the capital. Still, the immediacy of the threat to Kyiv was unclear as of Friday. A US defence official speaking on condition of anonymity said Russian forces moving toward Kyiv had advanced about three miles in the past 24 hours, with some elements as close as nine miles from the city. The official gave no indication that the convoy had dispersed or otherwise repositioned in a significant way, saying some vehicles were seen moving off the road into the tree line in recent days. Meanwhile, the UK’s Ministry of Defence (MoD) sad it is still ‘highly unlikely’ Russia has successfully achieved its invasion plan but will likely ‘re-posture’ for a renewed offensive. ‘Russian ground forces continue to make limited progress. Logistical issues that have hampered the Russian advance persist, as does strong Ukrainian resistance,’ MoD said in an intelligence update. ‘Russia is likely seeking to reset and re-posture its forces for renewed offensive activity in the coming days. This will probably include operations against the capital Kyiv.’ It comes after Vladimir Putin reportedly sacked eight top generals in anger over the slow pace of the invasion. The Russian leader is also said to be enraged with leaders of the FSB security service for handing him intelligence suggesting that Ukraine was weak, riddled with neo-Nazi groups, and would give up easily if attacked. Oleksiy Danilov, head of Ukraine’s security council, said Moscow believed it would seize Kyiv in two to three days. ‘It hasn’t happened and never will,’ he said, adding ‘desperate’ Putin has ‘now switched to a different tactic’ by changing leadership. Western officials said Russian forces have made little progress on the ground in recent days and are seeing heavier losses and stiffer Ukrainian resistance than Moscow anticipated. But Putin’s forces have used air power and artillery to pummel Ukraine’s cities. There are fears that as the isolated despot grows increasingly frustrated, he may resort to more extreme measures to achieve his aim, such as using chemical weapons. The West has stepped up efforts to isolate and sanction Russia, particularly after a deadly airstrike on a maternity hospital in the port city of Mariupol that Western and Ukrainian officials decried as a war crime. The US and other nations were poised on Friday to announce the revocation of Russia’s ‘most favoured nation’ trade status, which would allow tariffs to be imposed on Russian imports. Unbowed by the sanctions, Russia kept up its bombardment of Mariupol while Kyiv braced for an onslaught  – its mayor boasting that the capital had become practically a fortress protected by armed civilians. Vitali Klitschko said about 2 million people, half the population of the metropolitan area, have left the capital. ‘Every street, every house… is being fortified,’ he said. ‘Even people who in their lives never intended to change their clothes, now they are in uniform with machine guns in their hands.’ In Mariupol, a southern seaport of 430,000, the situation was increasingly dire as civilians trapped inside the city scrounged for food and fuel. More than 1,300 people have died in the 10-day siege, according to deputy prime minister Iryna Vereshchuk. Residents have no heat or phone service, and many have no electricity. Night-time temperatures are regularly below freezing, and daytime ones normally hover just above it. Bodies are being buried in mass graves and the streets are littered with burned-out cars, broken glass and splintered trees. ‘They have a clear order to hold Mariupol hostage, to mock it, to constantly bomb and shell it,’ Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said in his nightly video address to the nation. Repeated attempts to send in food and medicine and evacuate civilians have been thwarted by Russian shelling, Ukrainian authorities said. The Red Cross described the situation as ‘apocalyptic’. The number of refugees fleeing the country topped 2.3 million, and some 100,000 people have been evacuated during the past two days from seven cities under Russian blockade in the north and centre of the country, including the Kyiv suburbs, Mr Zelensky said. He told Russian leaders that the invasion will backfire on them as their economy is strangled. Western sanctions have already dealt a severe blow, causing the ruble to plunge, foreign businesses to flee and prices to rise sharply. ‘You will definitely be prosecuted for complicity in war crimes,’ Mr Zelenskyy said in a video address, warning that ‘you will be hated by Russian citizens’. Russian President Vladimir Putin dismissed such talk, saying the country has endured sanctions before. ‘We will overcome them,’ he said at a televised meeting of government officials. He did, however, acknowledge the sanctions create ‘certain challenges’. But privately, Moscow officials are said to have denounced the ‘clusterf**k’ invasion and don’t believe the country can withstand the sanctions.