Bizarre new footage of Kim Jong-Un showing off a deadly missile has been likened to ‘a scene from Top Gun’. North Korea carried out a test launch of a new intercontintental ballistic missile yesterday – alongside its release of a propaganda video. While the missile launch itself is ominous – the weapon has been described as a ‘monster missile’ by analysts – the video was mocked heavily on Twitter. Kim has been branded ‘an eighties movie action star’ following his starring role. In the footage, a pair of warehouse doors open to reveal the dictator flanked by two similarly short soldiers. The trio walk towards the camera in slow motion as Kim points dramatically to his left, then his right and then – just for good measure – points a third time to nowhere. Orchestral music plays in the background as the camera cuts to the massive Hwasong-17 missile. The film reaches a climax as Kim peers at a watch and quick cuts between footage intensify, before he whips off his aviator shades as the missile shoots up into the sky. After the missile disappears, Kim celebrates with his two sidekicks as they smile and shout ‘hooray’. Online, people have mocked the overly dramatic nature of the footage. Daniel Emery tweeted: ‘It’s literally straight out of Team America. Only it’s real.’ Defence specialist Maria Drutska added: The movie that will get Oscar this year in the nomination “short documentary”.’ And Shreyas Reddy wrote: ‘Just for today, Kim Jong-un gets to be a Twitter-certified 80s action movie star.’ Kim’s potential career change from dictator to Hollymood star was demonstrated again two weeks ago – when his leather jacket and sunglasses combo were likened to Tom Cruise’s character Maverick in Top Gun. Others had drawn comparisons to characters Danny Zuko from Grease, Dave Lister from Red Dwarf and Fonzie from Happy Days. South Korea fired a volley of ‘retaliatory missile launches’ following the test of Kim’s Hwasong-17 missile yesterday. North’ Korea’s initial launch had been fired toward the sea off its east coast, the South Korean and Japanese militaries said. Thursday marked the 13th ballistic missile test fired by North Korea this year, an unprecedented frequency that has drawn condemnation from the United States, South Korea and Japan. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 