‘People are quite shocked when I tell them how old I am, I’m flattered when they guess 65,’ said Anne Leigh, an 82-year-old gran who enjoys early morning boot camp workouts, 5k runs and Ibiza yoga retreats. ‘I love exercising outside,’ she added. ‘Our one-hour session includes squats, star jumps, weight lifting, sit-ups, press-ups, you name it. ‘Then I come home and my son picks me up for work.’ Yes, the marathon runner from Hedgerley Green, South Bucks, still works – and as an electrical contractor no less. Anne often digs trenches and fixes fuse boards and street lighting, despite reaching retirement age more than 20 years ago. The mum of two and grandmother-of-seven said: ‘I’ve never officially retired and didn’t even consider it when I reached 60.’ Even her husband of 61 years, Bernard, is yet to officially retire. Anne said: ‘I currently help with my son, he has his own electrical business and my husband still has his own business too. ‘It varies, but I can work around 18 hours a week, but I like to make sure I can fit in my exercise too.’ Four mornings a week at 7am, Anne lifts weights at boot camp, and runs a cheeky 5k every weekend at her local park. In total, she runs three times a week, including a 5k Park Run and, after starting her boot camp class when she was 78, Anne can now hold her plank position for two minutes. Laughing, Anne said: ‘I like working out in a group – I’m the oldest by a few decades, but I love to socialise. ‘I never liked being indoors. I don’t want to slow down, and I wouldn’t listen to anyone if they told me to.’ Even though Anne didn’t start running until she was in her forties, she has since completed 1,800 races, including 70 marathons. She said: ‘I’ve done 20 London marathons and I used to run three marathons a year, but I’m not as fast as I used to be. ‘I did a 10k in London last month, that was fun.’ Anne also loves to travel, having visited India in 2017 and going on a fitness and yoga retreat in Ibiza last October. She said: ‘I want to enjoy life whilst I can. ‘We like festivals, family parties, and we go out a few evenings a week to watch tribute bands or to the racecourse. ‘I like a drink and a good party and I never think “oh I’m too old for that”, even when I buy glitter heeled boots. ‘I have never knitted in my life and I don’t intend to.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : The Fit List: Put your wellbeing first with these beauty and fitness buys MORE : The 20-minute workout: Try the 100-10 full body workout MORE : From gardening to pole dance – alternative forms of exercise for people who hate the gym