Ralf Rangnick has played down speculation linking Thomas Tuchel to Manchester United but privately views the Chelsea manager as a contender for the Old Trafford job. Tuchel’s future at Stamford Bridge is uncertain following the sanctions imposed on Blues owner Roman Abramovich. While the German boss has said he will carry on as Chelsea manager, that decision could be taken out of his hands amid the turmoil at the club. Tuchel has won the Champions League, Super Cup and Club World Cup since taking over at Chelsea in January 2021, and is now regarded as one of the best managers in world football. Following the UK Government’s announcement that Abramovich had been sanctioned and his assets frozen, Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher urged Manchester United to poach Tuchel. United are set to appoint a new permanent manager at the end of the season and have been heavily linked with Paris Saint-Germain’s Mauricio Pochettino and Ajax’s Erik ten Hag. But Carragher believes United have an ‘ideal opportunity’ to bring ‘world-class’ Tuchel to Old Trafford and this is a feeling shared by interim manager Rangnick, according to the Daily Mail. While Rangnick, who took charge of the side following Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s sacking in November, was reluctant to speculate over the prospect of a move for Tuchel at his pre-match press conference on Friday, he is said to privately view the former PSG and Borussia Dortmund boss as an interesting candidate for the vacant job. It appeared as though United were giving serious thought to appointing Rangnick after an encouraging start to his interim spell at Old Trafford, but results and performances have fallen away in recent weeks and the German now looks set to move into a consultancy role at the club instead. Asked if Tuchel could emerge as a Manchester United managerial target, Rangnick said ahead of Saturday’s clash with top-four rivals Tottenham: ‘It doesn’t make sense at all to even think or speculate about that. ‘Yes, Thomas Tuchel is a top manager, yes, I know him well, yes he was a player of mine in Ulm, yes, he took his first job as a football coach in Stuttgart when I was the head coach.  ‘We all know that, but he’s the manager of Chelsea right now, they’re third, they’re still in the Champions League. ‘Only because there are issues now around the ownership of this club, to speculate about maybe him being a candidate for the manager’s job here in the summer, it doesn’t make sense to do that.’ Tuchel insisted Chelsea would not be destroyed by the sanctions on their Russian billionaire owner after Thursday’s 3-1 victory at bottom-placed Norwich City. ‘I am still happy to be here and still happy to be manager of a strong team,’ he said. ‘It would be a lie if I said we I had no doubts but I also had a lot of trust. ‘In difficult circumstances we produced a lot of results and good performances so we can trust in our mentality and the culture in the club. We allowed ourselves to focus on the football.’ Chelsea, who are third in the Premier League, welcome in-form Newcastle United to Stamford Bridge on Sunday. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 