Elon Musk’s ex-wife Talulah Riley appeared to confirm her romance with Love Actually actor Thomas Brodie-Sangster at a pre-Baftas party this weekend. The couple were in great spirits as they partied at the star-studded bash at The Londoner hotel on Friday, to celebrate the Bafta Film Awards taking place on Sunday. Love was apparently in the air for Talulah, 36, and Thomas, 31, as they cosied up at the dinner table and happily posed for photos together while also being pictured cutting shapes on the dancefloor and having a laugh. They were joined by the likes of Strictly Come Dancing presenter Tess Daly and husband Vernon Kay, former Good Morning Britain host Piers Morgan, Call The Midwife actress Helen George, Victoria star Jenna Coleman and ex-BBC Radio 1 presenter Edith Bowman. It’s the first time Talulah and Thomas have attended a red carpet event together since romance rumours emerged earlier this year. The pair were spotted looking cosy as they headed to lunch in London last month holding hands. The previous week, the lovebirds were seen walking arm-in-arm while leaving a restaurant together, and were spotted heading to a fish and chip shop on another occasion in January. It’s believed they grew close and began dating while filming miniseries Pistol, in which they play fashion designer Vivienne Westwood and svengali Malcolm McLaren. Thomas is best known for his career as a child star, playing Sam in hit rom-com Love Actually, and later Jojen Reed in Game of Thrones. Talulah is also known for her roles in TV series Westworld, and as Mary Bennet opposite Keira Knightley’s Lizzie in Joe Wright’s 2005 Pride & Prejudice adaptation. She famously tied the knot with Tesla boss Elon twice, in 2010 and in 2013 after a 2012 divorce. They separated for good in 2016. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sean Penn pulled over by sheriff in Malibu while driving car with police-style bull-bar after returning to US from war-stricken Ukraine MORE : Holly Willoughby has spring cleaning disaster as cheeky new puppy Bailey eats her vacuum cleaner 