Liam Neeson made a 93-year-old superfan’s day with a very sweet gesture to celebrate her 10th anniversary in her care home. Penny Gladding, 93, received a surprise phone call from her favourite movie star to celebrate her being a Signature of Purley resident for a decade. Knowing how much Penny loves the Taken star, staff at the luxury care home put on a party for her anniversary last month, complete with a cardboard cutout of Liam, champagne and an enormous cake, as well as balloons and streamers. However, Penny’s biggest surprise was yet to come, as the kindhearted star took time out to have a phone call with her as well. Liam had seen Penny’s celebration in the media and wanted to make the occasion even more special, so phoned her from New York for a chat. While Penny didn’t believe it was the real Liam at first, she soon realised she was talking to the Hollywood star, and told him how much she loved his role as Bryan Mills in the Taken trilogy, as well as her plans for her 94th birthday next month. Ending their call, Liam thanked Penny for being ‘his number one fan’, calling her a ‘sweetheart’ and promising to send her someone special for her upcoming birthday as well. Rebecca Peters, Client Liaison Manager at Signature at Purley, said: ‘Penny was on cloud nine, the call honestly made her whole experience at Signature that extra bit special and allowed her to show off her cheeky side. ‘Penny is as sharp as a tack and we’re all in awe of her. We really hope the next time Liam is in London he pops into see us, we’d love to see him and he’d be very welcome to visit Signature at Purley.’ Penny added: ‘I will never forget this in all my life.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Liam Neeson fell in love with a woman in Australia but they can’t be together because she is ‘taken’ MORE : Eamonn Holmes reveals Liam Neeson’s advice on dealing with chronic pain: ‘Motion is your lotion’ 