Cristiano Ronaldo intends to remain at Manchester United for another season and trusts the club’s hierarchy will appoint a world-class manager this summer, according to reports. The Portuguese star had delivered some rather below-par performances since the turn of the year and there were even suggestions interim boss Ralf Rangnick was considering dropping him. But Ronaldo bagged a stunning hat-trick against Spurs last weekend to remind everyone just how potent he can still be – even if he followed that up with a peripheral display against Atletico Madrid. United’s Champions League exit at the hands of Diego Simeone’s side means they will extend their wait for a trophy to five years – their longest barren run since the 1970s – with a top-four finish the only prize on offer this season. Ronaldo was supposed to help United bridge the gap to Liverpool, Manchester City and Chelsea but if anything they have gone backwards and the 37-year-old was believed to be considering his future at the club. The five-time Ballon d’Or winner wants to be competing for honours in the twilight of his career and know he only has a limited window to add more titles to his CV, with United looking a long way off being contenders right now. But, according to Spanish newspaper AS, Ronaldo still feels committed to the club and has decided to see out the final year of his contract next season. The prospect of being the man who ends United’s trophy drought is appealing and he still feels he made the right choice in returning to Old Trafford. Ronaldo is also confident that the club will make the right decision when bringing in a new manager and, after often struggling to see eye-to-eye with Rangnick and his style of football, is eager to work with a new, world-class coach. The former Real Madrid star also believes United’s board will back the new manager with significant reinforcements in the summer and the club will be in a position to compete for trophies. The two main names in the frame to succeed Rangnick are PSG boss Mauricio Pochettino and Ajax head coach Erik ten Hag, though Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel has recently emerged as a potential option due to the issues at the west London club. Ronaldo is the joint-third top scorer in the Premier League this season with 12 goals – behind only Liverpool duo Mohamed Salah and Diogo Jota – while he has also bagged three assists, though he has been criticised for his lack of work rate and pressing. MORE : Anthony Martial reveals what Manchester United players really think about Cristiano Ronaldo MORE : Cristiano Ronaldo reveals conversation with ‘fellow GOAT’ Tom Brady after Manchester United hat-trick For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 