Manchester United legend Gary Neville believes his former club favour Ajax boss Erik Ten Hag over Mauricio Pochettino because the Dutchman would be easier to appoint. The club want to speak to both candidates in the coming weeks, with United keen on making an appointment before the end of the season. Ralf Rangnick was placed in interim charge in December following Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s dismissal, but United sounded out both Ten Hag and Pochettino at the time over their availability. Though Pochettino was keen on a move to Old Trafford, PSG were not willing to release him mid-season and Ten Hag had always intended to see out the season in Amsterdam. The pair remain United’s leading candidates but PSG – at least publicly – are maintaining that Pochettino will see out his contract in Paris, which runs until 2023. Ajax, on the other hand, would reluctantly release Ten Hag given his service to the club and they feel the optics of Manchester United appointing their manager would be good recognition of their work in recent years. And Neville claims Ten Hag’s availability has led to United favouring him over Pochettino. When asked why United didn’t appoint Antonio Conte in November, Neville explained why his former club are targeting a long-term manager like Ten Hag. ‘They’ve been there with Jose Mourinho!’ Neville told SkySports.‘They want to appoint either Pochettino or Ten Hag on a long-term project and they needed somebody [Rangnick] to get them to the end of the season. ‘Manchester United need a longer term approach to their manager, they always have had that. They’re not going to appoint a short term manager again, they did that with Jose. They went against the grain with that and they’re not going to do that again. Right or wrongly, they’re just not going to do it. ‘They’re going to appoint a younger, more up-and-coming manager like Ten Hag or Pochettino. Pochettino is not young and up-and-coming but he’s certainly established himself. ‘He’s at Paris Saint-Germain but there’s a bit of a danger with him because obviously Paris Saint-Germain could keep him at the end of the season so they can’t put all their eggs in one basket. So I suspect they’re more favouring Ten Hag at this moment in time because they can get him.’ MORE : Shane Warne autopsy reveals cricket legend died from ‘natural causes’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 