British veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan are travelling to Ukraine to fight the Russian army. Although the UK has not sent over any troops, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said she supported volunteers ‘fighting for freedom and democracy in Europe’. Two men, who wanted to stay anonymous, told The Sun they were going because ‘evil triumphs when good men do nothing’. The ex-soldiers, both in their 40s, went by foot to the Polish village of Korczowa, near the Ukraine border. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live That’s where they met British-Ukrainian Anton Vybornyi, 36, who paid £25,000 to stock up on military equipment for people coming to fight in Ukraine. One of the veterans, a dad of two children under the age of 10, said: ‘I couldn’t just sit back and do nothing.’ The other said the war was ‘close to home’ for him as his wife is Polish and her family lives close to the border. ‘It feels like history is repeating itself,’ he said. Both men, from the northwest of England, are being supported by the Veteran’s Army. The UK charity is supporting volunteers by identifying supply routes to the front line. It comes after Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky called on people around the world to join his International Legion. He said last month: ‘This is the beginning of a war against Europe, against European structures, against democracy, against basic human rights, against a global order of law, rules and peaceful coexistence. ‘Anyone who wants to join the defence of Ukraine, Europe and the world can come and fight side by side with the Ukrainians against the Russian war criminals.’ More than 150 Brits have reportedly joined the military group with the commander of the Georgian National Legion, Mamuka Mamulashvili, warning about how bloody the conflict is. He previously told Metro.co.uk: ‘It’s full-scale war, they are using ballistic missiles, they are using air strikes. It’s a fight that up to now we have only seen in Hollywood movies.’ The rise in volunteers signing up to Russia has been compared to the Spanish Civil War – when Europeans and Americans signed up to fight the fascists. Ukrainian men aged between 18 and 60 are now being conscripted to join the country’s military force. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.  