Even if you can’t afford a designer bag on your arm, you can still rock couture in your hair. That’s because the newest trend at salons is Louis Vuitton brown, offering a luxe, rich hair colour option inspired by the French fashion house. A darker version of ‘expensive blonde’, Louis Vuitton brown is a medium shade that suits most skin tones. Sported by the like of Hailey Bieber and Karlie Kloss, it mirrors the brand’s iconic bags and luggage, with copper, tan, and blonde strands creating a multi-tonal effect. Evo Hair Creative Director, Tom Smith, who coined the term, explained: ‘Think of the colour of the aged leather of a Louis Vuitton handbag. A gorgeous rich tan, not too pale, but not heavy or dark either.’ The health of LV brunette hair is of utmost importance, as you’re going for shiny locks that reflect light as you move. To achieve this glossy finish, Issie Churcher, Principal Colourist at Josh Wood Colour, recommends using an ammonia-free dye in a light brown shade (like the Josh Wood Colour Miracle System in shade 6.5) with a gloss or glaze in champagne or caramel. According to Issie, running a lighter dye through the mid lengths and ends gives you ‘more warmth and dimension to the overall colour’ compared to going all in with one. Style-wise, the springtime shade looks best on longer locks, but you can create the same dimension and movement by curling the hair and leaving it looking somewhat ‘undone’. As for keeping your designer-inspired mane in good condition, Issie says it’s important to shampoo properly, as the old expression that you should ‘lather, rinse, repeat’ actually rings true. She says: ‘Professional shampoos are often a waste of time if you’re not using them twice. ‘The first rinse simply gets rid of grease and dirt, something any shampoo can do. The secondary wash gives you the results you’ve bought the shampoo for. ‘For example, if you buy a moisturising shampoo, it cleans on the first wash, but only deposits the moisturising properties on the second. ‘Once you’ve used your shampoo, give your hair a final rinse in sparkling water. The carbon dioxide in the water lifts the mineral deposit from the scalp and hair, leaving it glossy and free from build-up.’ If your hair feels dry, use a hair mask instead of a conditioner, applying to damp (not wet) hair and leaving on for at least ten minutes. She adds: ‘Get into the habit of using a mask once a week for added shine.’ To get the shade in the salon, Tom Smith says: ‘Ask your stylist for a medium-light brown shade with a warm golden toffee tone.’ Or for those thinking of taking the plunge with Louis Vuitton brunette at home, Issie has rounded up her best DIY hair colouring tips: ‘With a bowl and brush, you are able to clearly see where you are applying colour – giving you precise coverage and complete saturation. ‘The bowl ensures you’re able to thoroughly mix components together and use every last bit of product. It’s important not to use metal when mixing hair colour, as the chemicals might react, so traditionally salons have used plastic.’ ‘Sectioning hair before application allows you to work faster and more evenly, and really saturate the areas you need to while keeping the hair you’re not working on out of the way. ‘You’re also able to keep track of where you’ve already applied colour, so you don’t miss any areas.’ ‘Even with clips and brushes, things can still get a little messy. Accidents happen, which is why you wear a protective gown when you go into the salon. ‘To keep you covered and comfortable, the perfect gown should be high quality for long lasting effect, easy to remove and 100% water repellent.’ ‘Don’t overlook this underrated tool. Rather than use your gloved fingers to pull the colour through, you want a comb to ensure even coverage. ‘A wide tooth comb works across a variety of hair types, and is an effective detangler.’ Now we just need to master monogram hair stencilling, and then we can really have Vuitton hair… Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Smacking doesn’t work – here’s why gentle discipline is the way forward MORE : Woman with facial birthmark says her fiancé has never seen her without makeup