What animal do you most relate to? Perhaps a sleepy housecat? A sneaky snake? A timid mouse? Entrepreneur and author Terry Blackburn reckons it’s time for us all to model ourselves on lions. He says that having a lion mindset can change your life for the better, setting you up to win in the realms of work, relationships, health, and wellbeing. So, what does it mean to have a lion mindset? And how do you get one? ‘The unstoppable lion mindset is one with zero self-doubt,’ Terry tells Metro.co.uk. ‘There are many similarities between lions and people who win in life in general. ‘Lions don’t limit themselves as to what they can achieve. If they want something – a gazelle, a zebra, a wildebeest – they just go after it.’ A lion isn’t bothered by things not going to plan. They don’t obsess over why stuff didn’t work out or blame themselves. They just try again. ‘If they don’t succeed, if their prey outruns them, or escapes, they don’t feel sorry for themselves or give up,’ notes Terry. ‘They dust themselves off and try again.’ ‘When a rival lion comes into your life and tries to take what you have – as often happens in both business and life – you need to have a pride that has your back, so you are strong enough mentally, physically, financially, to fight back and win,’ Terry says. ‘Lions don’t see a gazelle, or a zebra walking past and think, I’m not good enough to eat today or go and catch that zebra. No, they go and run after that zebra with no self-doubt at all.’ Yes, the lion is the king of the jungle – but that doesn’t mean they’re solitary creatures doing everything themselves. Lions are their best when they’re part of a pride. ‘Lions do a lot of things together. They communicate well with one another and enjoy relaxing as much as hunting. When they hunt, each one has a specific role it plays,’ explains Terry. ‘Some will play the role of “centres” and others are “wings” that push the prey towards the centre. The more lions are involved in the hunt, the more successful they are. ‘In majority of successes in business, property, life, health or fitness, the bigger and more skilled and experienced your team is, the bigger the things you can achieve.’ Terry says: ‘In my life there have been people who laughed at me and told me to forget my dreams. I know these people now as “poachers” – people who stalk lions and take pleasure in killing their dreams.’ No comparison, no doing things just because you ‘should’. ‘Lions are the kings of the jungle,’ Terry tells us. ‘They are the dominant animals in many locations and habitats – they live the life they want on their own terms. ‘They don’t have any self-doubt, any worries or issues. They just dominate their lives and do whatever they want whenever they want.’ Terry Blackburn is an award-winning entrepreneur and author of Be A Lion, out now. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : There are four motivation styles – here’s how yours affects the way you work MORE : Does the ‘eat the frog’ productivity technique really work? Could it even change your life? I tried it out MORE : I locked eyes with a stranger on holiday and missed my flight home to go on a date with him