A tiny terraced house has gone on sale in Manchester – and it’s so cramped that you might not be able to spot it. The two-bedroom, one-bathroom abode in Greater Manchester recently hit the market for £100,000, and is ready to move into straight away. The Rochdale property is half the size of the two homes that it’s wedged between – so narrow, in fact, that you may miss it as you walk down the street. Despite the tiny front, however, the house extends towards the back and is deceptively decent-sized. Inside the property, the kitchen features newly-fitted units and measures less than two metres in width. Meanwhile, the lounge stretches three-and-a-half metres wide – wider and more spacious than the kitchen. Upstairs you can find the bathroom and one bedroom measuring 1.9 metres wide. The second bedroom, towards the back of the home, is wider at 2.7 metres. With a total area of 42.9 square metres (461 square feet) it’s certainly bijou, but there’s a lot going for this little home. The property is located in Littleborough and sits close to open countryside – perfect for exploring the local nature. For those commuting into Manchester, it also takes just 25 minutes to travel from the nearby train station into the city. Even though it may be a cramped squeeze, the £100,000 price tag could make it a great investment for first time buyers or those looking to dip into the trend for ‘tiny living’. Estate agents at Cowell & Norford have described the small home as ‘perfect for a first-time buyer or investor’. According to Zoopla, two bedroom properties on the street have recently sold for between £5,000 and £70,000 more than the asking price for this place. If the buyer chose to let it out, it’s thought they could expect a monthly rent of around £550 per month. They do say to ‘buy the worst house on the best street’, so the question is whether you’re happy to buy the smallest house on this street with a view to getting on the property ladder at an equally-small price? With some space-saving storage tricks and a little decor magic to make it your own, it could be the small yet perfectly formed home of your dreams. Check out the listing or make enquiries to the agent here. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Dog trapped for 60 hours rolls straight onto his back for belly rub after rescue MORE : Model gets surgery because family said she looked like Bruce Forsyth