Chelsea have at least 10 credible buyers as the race to take the club off Roman Abramovich’s hands heats up, though the Boehly-Wyss consortium has a big advantage over other suitors. On Wednesday, Abramovich confirmed he was actively looking to sell the west London club – which he bought in 2003 – amid calls for the oligarch to be sanctioned following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss confirmed he was partnering with US tycoon Todd Boehly to launch a bid, and they have now added further partners to their consortium. There had been suggestions the Boehly-Wyss group were confident of having an agreement in place as early as Monday, but now ESPN claim a bidding war is emerging. Abramovich has instructed Raine Group – a New York merchant bank – to find a buyer and they have received more than 300 ‘expressions of interest’, with 10 of those regarded as credible parties. Among the suitors ready to battle the Boehly-Wyss consortium are RedBird Capital Partners, a private equity company currently advised by the famous baseball executive Billy Beane – who was played by Brad Pitt in the film Moneyball. Another suitor is Michael Rubin, the owner of sports merchandise group Fanatics, and they are currently working on a bid, while Turkish billionaire Muhsin Bayrak has also confirmed his intention to make an offer to Abramovich. Raine Group have given prospective buyers until March 15 to submit first indications of an offer, though Boehly and Wyss were hoping to gazump rivals by agreeing a full deal this weekend. According to The Telegraph, the Swiss-American duo – who have enlisted a third major partner who is so far unknown – have a significant advantage in the battle to buy Chelsea as they are likely to pass a fit and proper persons test relatively easily. Bidders from politically sensitive countries or backgrounds ‘are likely to be dismissed’ and Chelsea do not want the next owners to face immediate political scrutiny. The Boehly-led consortium will not raise any red flags with the Premier League, but offers from investors in Saudi Arabia or China are expected to be ruled out immediately. MORE : Turkish billionaire Muhsin Bayrak confirms Chelsea takeover bid MORE : Thomas Tuchel reveals what Petr Cech told Chelsea squad after Roman Abramovich confirmed sale decision For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 