Ralf Rangnick says Arsenal are looking in ‘good shape’ in the top-four battle but Manchester United will not be prioritising a competition as they look to qualify for the Champions League once again. The Red Devils briefly claimed fourth spot in the Premier League table after beating Tottenham 3-2 on Saturday evening, but less than 24 hours later they dropped back down to fifth place after Mikel Arteta’s side saw off Leicester. Arsenal now have a one-point advantage on United in addition to three games in hand and are very much in the driving seat to secure a top-four finish. West Ham are only two points behind United after beating Aston Villa, while Tottenham – despite being in eighth place – can also move ahead of the Red Devils if they win their two games in hand. Next up for United, they take on Atletico Madrid in the second leg of their Champions League last-16 tie, having secured a 1-1 draw in the first leg thanks to Anthony Elanga’s late strike. At his pre-match press conference, it was put to Rangnick that winning the Champions League could now be United’s best shot of re-qualifying for the competition next season given the level of competition they face domestically, but he rejected those suggestions. Asking if winning the Champions League is now a ‘better option’ than finishing in the top four, a slightly bemused Rangnick replied: ‘Well it doesn’t matter in which way we would qualify for the Champions League next season. ‘The question is what is more realistic and tomorrow it’s Champions League. And obviously we want to try everything that we possibly can to win the game tomorrow and then hopefully be in the last eight. ‘But even if we manage to do that there are a few other good teams in the competition! ‘In three weeks we have the next Premier League game against Leicester at home and we will still try to push and do everything to win our next games in the Premier League. ‘We are fully aware that we should not be dropping points anymore in any of the games. ‘Right now Arsenal are in good shape, they won again yesterday at home against Leicester. ‘So for us it’s clear we need to look after ourselves and make sure that we win all the next upcoming games in the Premier League. ‘But tomorrow it’s a different competition, it’s Champions League, and as I said I think everybody in the squad, everybody in the staff, are highly motivated and we cannot wait for the kick-off tomorrow.’ MORE : Bruno Fernandes returns to Manchester United training ahead of Atletico Madrid clash MORE : Cristiano Ronaldo reveals conversation with ‘fellow GOAT’ Tom Brady after Manchester United hat-trick For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 