An editor on one of the Kremlin’s main propaganda TV stations has staged a remarkable protest against the war in Ukraine. Marina Ovsyannikova gatecrashed the main evening news show on Channel 1, a mouthpiece for Vladimir Putin’s regime. She held up a sign behind the presenter which read: ‘NO WAR. Stop the war. Don’t believe propaganda. They are lying to you here.’ The protester could be seen and heard saying ‘stop the war’ for several seconds before the channel switched to a different report to remove her from the screen. Independent protest-monitoring group OVD-Info identified her as an employee of the channel. Pavel Chikov, head of Russia-based human rights group Agora, also confirmed her identity. He said she is in police custody but said the police are ‘hiding’ her from a lawyer sent by the group. In a video apparently posted online by Ms Ovsyannikova before the protest, she said: ‘What’s happening in Ukraine is a crime, and Russia is the aggressor. The responsibility for this aggression lies with one man – Vladimir Putin.’ She said she had Ukrainian and Russian heritage and described the war as fratricidal, before apologising for working for the propaganda station previously. Russian news agency Tass said she may face charges under a law against discrediting the armed forces, citing a law enforcement source. Under strict new laws passed after the invasion of Ukraine, speaking out against the war can land Russians up to 15 years in prison. MORE : Zelensky ‘challenges’ Putin to meet face-to-face for talks to end Ukraine invasion State TV is the main source of news for many millions of Russians, and closely follows the Kremlin line that Russia was forced to act in Ukraine to demilitarise and ‘denazify’ the country. The Kremlin has barred the word ‘invasion’ or ‘war’ and instead refers to it as a ‘special military operation’ designed to protect Russian-speakers in Eastern Ukraine. Recent weeks have also seen access to social media heavily restricted as the government tries to control the narrative around the flagging campaign. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.