Curly and Afro hair is incredibly versatile. There is so much you can do with those gorgeous kinks and coils – the world really is your oyster. So, if you’re sick of playing it safe and want to mix up your look in time for summer, why not think about trying a completely different cut? Stylists say this summer is going to be all about statement lengths, colours, retro styles and boldness. So, it’s probably time to be brave and book yourself in for a drastic chop. Read on for some inspiration: ‘Wavy hair this year will see a lot looser long layers incorporating internal graduation,’ says Errol Douglas MBE. He says this is to achieve maximum versatility and helps your hair to hold its natural curl. ‘Wavy hair cuts tend to be a little bit longer,’ he says ‘to again enhance versatility and the ability to put your hair up. Be careful of over-texturising wavy hair.’ This year, Errol says we are moving towards statement haircuts introducing more fringes. ‘These look great with off the shoulder jaw-length hair,’ he says. ‘Shapes for strength lots of graduation around the perimeter. This is achieved by point cutting and hedge cutting.’ ‘Fro-ologist’ Natalya Afromuza says a curly fringe is perfect if you want to change up your look without taking off too much length. ‘Curly bangs are the way to go,’ she says. ‘They also look super cute in natural mini twists and twist-outs.’ ‘You can go as long or as short as you’re comfortable with, just make sure you take a picture of the length you would like with you on your phone to show your favourite hairdresser.’ ‘The lob (long bob) has been a go to for a while now, but this summer think chic and edgy with a short back and longer tendrils at the front for boldness and body,’ says Natalya. ‘Have a more square or heart-shaped face? Request a blunt bob variation to show off your divine features.’ Errol says the high top is going to be big this year and is the perfect way to create drama. ‘This year, if you have a sharp haircut the point is to be noticed, there will be no wallflower looks,’ he adds. Natalya adds that you can throw it back back to the OG natural hair movement style, with the Afro. ‘You can be after straight up symmetry for the perfect halo or asymmetric or heart-shaped for a bold statement look that will turn heads wherever you go,’ she says. ‘Sustain the volume of your ‘fro by carrying a good quality Afro pick in your bag.’ ‘The new millennial binary cut will see us using clippers in a big way,’ says Errol. ‘This is not just for sharper silhouettes, it’s for full graphic straight lines – especially in longer hair. ‘Moving away from that convex shapes, straight lines are going to be the thing throughout 2022. Playing with stencilling shapes will be really cool – stars, triangular lines, initials, anything to stand out. ‘This is traditionally achieved with small edging clippers. We’ve been seeing this all around fashion week especially with the big change of using real people as models.’ Colour is going to be really important this season, and Errol says to look out for block colours especially. ‘Blues, reds, almost anything from the rainbow, creates more drama in colour especially,’ he says. ‘Cuts on Afro hair in block colour primary colours is going to be big, and it is going to scream – “I want to be seen!”‘ ‘Undercutting is back,’ says Errol. ‘Especially with braids and extensions.’ So, make sure you find a reference pic and do some research into just how much of your hair you would like to undercut. ‘Braided hairstyles are the best way to let your creativity shine through,’ Errol adds. ‘Braids mean many things to many people, and whether you’re using your own natural locks (or locs) or adding a style like French braids or Dutch braids to your hairstyle, braids are one of the lowest-maintenance, highest-style options around.’ After volume length and fullness? Natalya says you should ask for your coils to be cut in layers. ‘The more the merrier for those who have fine hair and want a fuller look,’ she adds. ‘Accentuate the fullness of your new do lightweight styling products that don’t weigh the hair down.’ Ready to embrace your inner cat woman? Natalya suggests trying a pixie cut to show off those cheekbones you’ve been blessed with. ‘This style is super low maintenance and contrary to popular belief it suits most face shapes,’ she adds. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the most searched for hairstyles of 2022 so far MORE : Louis Vuitton brown is the hair colour of the moment – how to perfect the designer inspired shade MORE : The power of Afrobeats: ‘There’s a spiritual element at it’s core – it is joy’