Britney Spears has hilariously revealed she has absolutely no idea who Pete Davidson is after she reposted a video of his boys’ weekend with Scott Disick. Although the Saturday Night Live comedian’s relationship with Kim Kardashian is literally a hot topic right now, the Toxic singer is clearly not keeping up with the latest showbiz gossip. Taking to Instagram on Tuesday, Britney shared a clip, filmed by Pete, of him having a very tame weekend away with Kim’s former brother-in-law Scott. Uploading it onto her social media account, she wrote: ‘Sorry had to report this…no idea who these people in the video are but it made me laugh so hard.’ Brilliant! The boys’ night appeared very far from wild as Pete sneakily filmed Scott after he fell asleep, with the reality star’s infamous partying days apparently far behind him. In fact, the film showed the getaway to be a very cosy occasion with the fireplace lit and a movie on in the background. However, it was perhaps a bit too chill as Scott and their other friends were filmed enjoying a snooze on the sofa. After panning the camera around the room to reveal their lowkey evening, Pete turned the lens on himself to show off his unimpressed expression Britney admitting she’s totally clueless about who Pete is unsurprisingly sent the internet into a frenzy. ‘Obsessed with Britney Spears not knowing who Pete Davidson is,’ wrote one. ‘She really has found peace.’ Echoing a similar sentiment, another penned: ‘If Britney Spears really doesn’t know who Pete Davidson and Scott Disick are, then baby, she truly IS free.’ Kim and Pete were first linked after they were photographed holding hands at a Halloween event at a theme park in Los Angeles and have since been pictured together on multiple occasions. Last month, Pete officially confirmed his relationship with the TV star after referring to her as his ‘girlfriend’ during an interview with US magazine People. Kim also recently revealed that viewers will find out the details of her romance with Pete when her new reality show The Kardashians airs in April… but we guess Britney won’t be tuning in. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 