Giving up sausage rolls could get you on the property ladder, according to one estate agent. DM & Co Homes came under fire for suggesting people could save for a deposit on a house if they simply stop buying Greggs each morning. Cutting out the tasty pastries could amount to the same as a 5% deposit on a £175k property, they claimed. A video posted on Tiktok stated: ‘You spent £5 at Greggs every morning. That’s £35 a week. That’s £140 a month. That’s £1680 a year. Three years later that’s £5,040. Five years later that’s £8,400. ‘You could have added that to your deposit on a property.’ But other TikTok users have branded the advice as ‘pointless’ and ‘condescending’. One person commented: ‘Every penny you’ve ever spent could have been save and added to your deposit, but humans buy things. So this doesn’t work.’ Another added: ‘The cost of a sausage roll shouldn’t be the difference between affording or not affording a morgage!’ Another fumed: ‘These videos you keep posting aren’t helpful for first time buyers. Does Kirstie Allsopp own the company or something?’ DM & Co Homes company frequently posts videos on Tiktok with advice for climbing the property ladder. Previous videos have suggested people stop betting on sports and quit buying clothes online to help save for a deposit. Megan Griffiths, property media creator for the West Midlands company, told the Mirror: ’We’ve done a few videos like that and people love them. It really makes first time buyers realise how much they can save. ‘Some users don’t really understand the point of the video or have the motivation to save. They don’t realise how much these things are and that it will add up over time. ‘People are always going to make comments but I don’t take notice. ‘House prices are only going up and because TikTok is aimed at a young audience it’s good to make them aware of how they can save. ‘If you stop spending money on these things you can save and get yourself on the property ladder.’ TV presenter Kirstie Allsopp sparked similar outrage after advising young people to move to a cheap area, quit their gym memberships and stop going on foreign holidays. She said some people weren’t willing to make ‘sacrifices’ and admitted she was ‘enraged’ when people said they couldn’t afford to buy a home. If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What I Own: Polly and Thomas, who paid a 5% deposit for their Shrewsbury home with Help To Buy MORE : Estate agent claimed ‘giving up Greggs’ could save people £8,000 for a house deposit MORE : Eight bad money habits you might not realise you have – and easy fixes to save