Less than four weeks ago Chelsea were celebrating winning the Club World Cup. Yesterday officials were most likely seeking quotes for coach travel to Lille and a cheap hotel. While the team that takes the field next Tuesday (assuming they can afford the fare) will wear the gold badge of ‘Fifa World Champions 2021’, the club shop which sells thousands of blue shirts has been forced to close its doors. Life comes at you fast sometimes. The blow which befell Chelsea yesterday, when Roman Abramovich was placed on the UK government’s sanctions list, was seismic and without precedent in recent Premier League history. The potential ramifications and knock-on effects are likely to have set alarm bells ringing in rival boardrooms and the offices of the league itself. But amid the shockwaves of uncertainty it is vital to remember many supporters of all other clubs will be taking a moment, perhaps far more than a moment actually, to reflect on just how hilarious they find all this. Certainly as a fan of Swindon, a club competing at a far lower level and done dirty by a string of dodgy owners in the 19 years Abramovich has been pumping billions into Chelsea, I’m finding enjoyment rather than empathy is my immediate reaction. I won’t be alone. From Wigan to Wimbledon, Bury to Blackpool and all points in between, die-hard supporters will be looking at the fears and worries swirling around Stamford Bridge and thinking ‘welcome to the club’. And if that club faces an uncertain and potentially bleak future then all the funnier. Football fans have been screwed over by the owners of their clubs for as long as those clubs have existed. It is one of the things we all have in common. The addresses and property portfolios of those in question may change but whether your club is owned by a dodgy local butcher or an oligarch on the international naughty step, it is always the men, women and children in the stands who suffer and there’s nothing we can do about it. So the empathy of shared experience, yes, but sympathy for Chelsea supporters will likely be scarcer than a Russian’s superyacht. One; because we’re football fans and that’s just the way we are and, secondly; because if Chelsea really are facing some kind of armageddon then the prevailing mood is likely to be that they have had an unbelievable run and all good things come to an end. And when you strip away the trophies, the gold badges and the £100million players, for the true fans the important bits will still remain — the games, the camaraderie, the away days and the songs. The laughing at the misfortune of your rivals. So sympathy is likely to be in short supply but if we are talking Schadenfreude — about the only big German word Chelsea can afford right now — then there will be plenty of that. MORE : Roman Abramovich set deadline to sell crisis club Chelsea as Nike review £900m sponsorship deal MORE : British billionaire Nick Candy confirms he is still interested in Chelsea bid despite sanctions For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 