While the world was stunned by the madness that was Will Smith slapping Chris Rock at the Academy Awards, Liam Payne somehow managed to detract attention away from one of the most jaw-dropping moments with his eye-opening Dutch accent. However, British-American actor John Barrowman, notorious for jumping between American and Scottish accents himself, has jumped to the One Direction star’s defense after Good Morning Britain allocated an entire section of its programme to examine Liam’s new twang. Richard Madeley said he didn’t even recognise the Strip it Down singer, while an actual dialect coach said she was able to decipher at least five different accents in there, ranging from ‘Irish and Welsh’ to ‘something really alien’. Whatever the dialect, it was worlds away from Wolverhampton, where Liam was born and raised. But while Liam was the talk of Twitter, John doesn’t understand the issue. ‘Why does it matters how a person speaks. He is who he is,’ John tweeted. Well, most of the people mystified watching Liam switch between Dutch, Italian and Welsh while defending Will Smith and Chris Rock on Good Morning Britain disagree. ‘Watching @GMB and what the hell has happened to Liam Payne’s accent?!’ one viewer asked. ‘He has an American twang but at times he sounds like he isn’t even English!’ And pretty much everyone else agreed. Just last year Liam appeared on This Morning where he had his native Midlands accent and sounded like this: So the total turnaround has been a rapid development. While Liam’s accent was a great mystery to everyone, his remarks on the Will Smith and Chris Rock saga were just as baffling, tbh. He said: ‘Will Smith actually used to live behind my house, I’ve had the pleasure of knowing his son and his daughter very well. We did Men In Black III with him. ‘I believe whatever he felt that he did, he had the right to do. I also felt there were three losers in one fight. ‘He didn’t know, being Chris Rock, he didn’t want to do what he had to do, being Will Smith, and she did nothing, being Jada.’ Make of that what you will. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 