A mum has revealed how she gave birth to a bumper-sized baby, weighing the same as a bowling ball at over 11 pounds. Helen Sellers, 34, gave birth to her daughter Celia, five weeks, who weighed a whopping 11lbs 5oz. The mum-of-two, a mental health nurse, even said that Celia was one of the biggest babies her midwife had ever delivered in her 16 year career. Celia’s brother Roman, three, weighed 9lb when he was born, and Helen and husband Carl, 37, were both under 9lbs as newborns. Helen, from Leeds, Yorks., said: ‘Carl is 6 foot 7 now, but he wasn’t a big baby, so we’re not sure why Celia was so big. ‘While I was pregnant, my consultant said that the baby was going to be big, but not as big as Roman. I never expected her to be that weight. ‘We played guess the weight with my family, and my cousin put 11lbs and I thought that was so cheeky, but he was right!’ Celia had to go straight into 0-3 clothes when she came into the world, as none of the newborn clothes fit her. ‘I had bought a couple of baby grows that were up to one month, and I didn’t even bother getting them out the packet,’ said Helen. ‘I knew they wouldn’t fit her.’ At just five weeks, she’s already in 3-6 month clothing, and Celia’s large size also impacted Helen’s labour meaning she had to have a caesarian. She said: ‘I had to have a c-section, and it took them ages to get her out. ‘I initially wanted to try natural delivery, but I’m glad I didn’t now because I’m not sure she would have come out.’ The record for heaviest baby in the UK is held by Guy Carr, born in 1992 at 15lbs 8oz. He too was delivered via c-section, although George Joseph King born in 2013 at 15lbs 7oz is the largest to be delivered naturally. During the pregnancy Helen had a big bump, and a few people asked her if she was having multiple babies. Helen added: ‘My bump was huge, I always had people asking me if I was having twins. ‘There was one lady at work who asked me a few times if I was sure it wasn’t twins! ‘The doctors tested me for gestational diabetes but they were negative.’ Thankfully Celia arrived happy and healthy, and her birth ended up making her a star around the hospital. ‘The midwives were laughing a bit and saying she was really big,’ said Helen. ‘She was the talk of the ward, they all wanted to come and look at her because she was so big. ‘My midwife had worked for 16 years and she said Celia was the second biggest baby she’d ever seen.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Pig oinks have been translated into emotions for the first time MORE : Gothic Welsh mansion that used to be a prison goes on sale for £2.15 million