Commuters are facing another morning of travel chaos, with Tube services still largely suspended following yesterday’s 24-hour strike by London Underground workers. Eight of the network’s 15 lines remained suspended first thing this morning as the network recovered from yesterday’s walk-out by members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union. As of 9am, there were minor delays on the Circle, Hammersmith and City and Metropolitan lines while severe delays were reported on the District, Jubilee and Piccadilly lines. As with earlier in the week, TfL has advised people to travel later in the day today, and not before 8am as normal service is not expected to resume until mid-morning. Today’s disruption is the fourth time this week commuters have had nightmare journeys to work in the capital. RMT members’ first strike on Tuesday saw all Tube lines suspended and huge queues for busses as people attempted to get to work by other means. The knock-on effects made for more chaos during Wednesday morning’s rush hour, as by 9am nine services were still suspended or part suspended and many were advised to stay at home like the day before. This week’s strike action and its fallout has seen massive queues form at bus stops and taxi stands during the walk-outs and in their aftermath. Roads around the capital have also felt the knock-on effects with congestion reaching its highest level of the year so far. In more bad news for travellers, the strike action has coincided with an increase in ticket fares on Tubes and buses. It also comes ahead of more action this weekend as workers take part in continued strikes tonight and tomorrow night between 8.30pm and 4.29am. Around 10,000 members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) have walked out for 24 hours in a row over jobs, pensions and conditions this week. The union fears that spending cuts will lead to hundreds of job losses and reductions in pensions and working conditions. Andy Lord, TfL’s chief operating officer, said on Wednesday: ‘Services will be severely impacted until mid-morning on Friday because of a number of factors including the placement of drivers and trains following a day without service. ‘I apologise to customers for this and understand they will be frustrated by this strike action, but urge them not to take it out on those who are trying to help. ‘We haven’t proposed any changes to pensions or terms and conditions, and nobody has lost or will lose their jobs because of the proposals we have set out, so this action is completely unnecessary. ‘We know our customers deserve better than this continued disruption and that is why we’re urging the RMT to talk to us so we can find a resolution to this dispute which has already damaged London’s recovery from the pandemic.’ RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said: ‘Our members across London Underground are making it crystal clear that they are not going to be used as pawns in a political fight between the mayor and the Government which threatens their futures and their livelihoods. ‘The funding crisis at TfL which is at the heart of this dispute is not of our making and our members are not prepared to take a hammering to pay for it. ‘We remain available for talks with those in a position to offer a concrete solution rather than the hollow words we have been hearing from the mayor and his senior officials. ‘We have repeatedly offered a way forward and it’s time for those calling the shots to start listening.’ An RMT spokesperson added: ‘We intend to take whatever action is required to achieve a satisfactory outcome in our campaign to protect jobs and pensions.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.