Shane Warne took an incredible 708 Test wickets over his amazing career, but none have been revered as much as his ‘Ball of the Century’ from nearly three decades ago. Cricket fans are looking back at the miraculous delivery after the shocking news that Warne passed away in Thailand on Friday of a suspected heart attack, aged just 52. The Australian’s tragic passing has hit the cricket and wider sporting worlds hard, with the iconic bowler such a huge character in his chosen field since making his international debut back in 1992. It was the ‘Ball of the Century’ in 1993 that helped him become a household name, though, when he bowled Mike Gatting at Old Trafford, Manchester on the second day of the first Test of the Ashes series that year. Warne was playing just his 12th Test match, his first Ashes Test and bowling his first Ashes ball as captain Allan Border gave him the task of making inroads after a good start to the first innings from England. The blonde youngster’s leg spin delivery from over the wicket was drifting down leg and pitched comfortably outside Gatting’s leg stump before ripping back across the batsman and clipping his off bail. The delivery was so good that Gattling looked baffled as to what had happened. Richie Benaud on commentary seemed similarly stunned, quiet at first, before saying: ‘He’s started off with the most beautiful delivery. ‘Gatting has absolutely no idea what has happened to it … he still doesn’t know!’ Graham Gooch, the non-striker at the other end, said of Gatting: ‘He looked as though someone had just nicked his lunch.’ Warne later described the ball as a ‘fluke’ as he never managed to bowl it again as a first delivery, but said he was proud of the ‘special moment’ in England. ‘The ball of the century was a fluke. It really was. I never did it again in the first ball, any time. So it really was a fluke, but I think it was meant to be,’ Warne told the ICC in 2017. ‘As a leg spinner we always want to bowl a perfect leg-break every ball, but I managed to do it first up. It was a fluke really but I don’t want it back, it changed my whole life really, on the field and off the field. ‘It was one of those deliveries that all leg spinners want to bowl and I’m proud I bowled it, especially to someone like Matt Gatting, who was a fantastic player. He was the best player of spin in the England team and a good guy too. ‘To do that first up here in England was a pretty special moment.’ Gatting has thought long and hard about how he should have dealt with the ball, having chosen to stick out his left pad to just kick the delivery away. He’s not sure he could have done anything about it, but looks back warmly as being a part of an iconic moment in the history of cricket. ‘I keep seeing it and it still looks a pretty decent ball to me and maybe would I have swept it, could I have swept it?’ Gatting said in 2018. ‘You know, you ask all those sort of questions. I asked Warne, “How would you have played it Warney?” He said “I’d have probably swept it and got a top edge and got out.” ‘One of those bits of history that belongs not only to me but to probably the best leg spinner of all time. ‘So well bowled Warney, unlucky me, but as I say it’s nice to be a part of the history and that’s what this great game is about.’ Australia went on to win that Test by 179 runs with Warne winning Man of the Match for his eight wickets. Australia would go on to win the series 4-1 and Warne picking up 34 wickets in total. MORE : Australia cricket legend Shane Warne dies aged 52 after suspected heart attack MORE : Cricket legends lead tributes to Shane Warne after shocking death aged 52 For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 