A ‘ruthless and materialistic’ daughter who manipulated her dad into cutting off her brother and leaving her his £100m fortune now faces a huge legal bill after losing a bitter court battle. Louise Reeves, 35, battled brother Bill Reeves in court after their rags-to-riches property king dad Kevin died in 2019, leaving her most of his cash and property empire. Kevin had intended to leave Bill, 47, a share worth about £27million, but his final will in 2014 left his son with just a ­collection of possessions worth about £200,000. Last month, High Court judge Mr Justice Michael Green ruled the will was invalid, as ‘ruthless’ Louise could not prove ‘illiterate’ Kevin ‘knew and approved’ of it. He found that the ‘very materialistic’ former hairdresser probably ‘engineered’ the will. The siblings were awarded £27million each, with the rest going to half-sister Lisa Murray and other family members. This week the judge ordered Louise to pick up most of the siblings’ bill for the bitter legal fight, during which each side accused the others of lying in court. As well as her own £1m costs, she was ordered to pay 70% of Bill’s legal expenses, which are also likely to run more than £1m, lawyers said. Although Bill had not specifically alleged fraud, the judgment against her carried ‘the strong implication’ that she had ‘engineered an extraordinary fraud on her father by getting him to execute the 2014 will without knowing its terms or thinking they were something else,’ said Bill’s barrister, Constance McDonnell QC. During the trial in November, the court heard Rolls Royce-driving property tycoon Kevin Reeves built up a vast personal fortune despite humble beginnings, having been left as an orphan child at a convent and quitting school aged just 12. He had four children, but his final will left 80% of his millions to his Toni and Guy-trained daughter, Louise, when he died aged 71 in 2019. The rest was to go to Lisa. His death sparked a ‘bitter feud’ after his second son Bill claimed that Louise had bullied their dad to change his will and leave him almost nothing. He claimed ‘Jekyll and Hyde’ Louise – who he said ‘likes money’ and is drawn to ‘flash things’ – was behind their dad’s ‘inexplicable’ decision to almost completely cut him out. He told the court he enjoyed a great relationship with his dad, even offering to donate a lung when he was ill, meaning there was no reason why Kevin should leave him with so little in his last will made in 2014. Mr Justice Michael Green rejected the claim that Louise had bullied her dad, but said she had ‘pulled the wool over his eyes’ so he did not know what was in the will. ‘I believe that Louise is a risk taker and she can be manipulative. She knows what she wants and she knows how to get it,’ he said. ‘I believe that she was prepared to take the risk, because the prize was so great, of being found out by the deceased in relation to the 2014 will and she would have taken the consequences.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.