The stars flocked out in full force once more for the red carpet as The Batman held its world premiere in New York, hot on the heels of its swanky London event last week. The cast’s ranks were this time bolstered by Colin Farrell, Peter Sarsgaard, John Turturro and Jayme Lawson, who lined up with new Batman Robert Pattinson and other franchise stars Zoë Kravitz, Paul Dano, Andy Serkis and Jeffrey Wright. Director Matt Reeves’ noir-inspired reboot of the popular DC property follows a young Bruce Wayne, just two years into his career as a crime-fighting vigilante bat detective (yes, R-Batz is all of those things and more). The 35-year-old star continued his run of sharp looks on this press tour, opting for all black as he donned a silk tie, overcoat and highly polished shoes with his shirt and trousers. Zoë, who plays Catwoman, aka Selina Kye, also stunned in a black, figure-hugging Oscar de la Renta velvet gown with a plunging lace-up front. The custom number also feature a cute nod to the film with bat ears at the top of its corseted bodice. Stepdad Jason Momoa was there in support of Zoë too, alongside his two children with estranged wife Lisa Bonet, Nakoa-Wolf, 13, and 14-year-old Lola Iolani. The family group had enjoyed dinner together with Zoë’s boyfriend Channing Tatum on Monday night, after flying in specially for the premiere. The 42-year-old Aquaman star wore a burgundy velvet suit and glasses, and even addressed his relationship with Lisa, 54, who did not attend the star-studded bash. Speaking to Entertainment Tonight, Jason said: ‘We’re just so proud. Lisa couldn’t be here so we’re representing, me and the babies. We’re very excited to just be here. … It’s still family, you know?’ Colin walked the carpet solo in a grey suit and black coat, with The Night Of star John opting for blue. Jeffrey went for a bold red suit, which he wore with an open-necked white shirt, while Peter chose a salmon pink suit and dark blue tie and showed off his full beard. Riddler actor Paul Dano, who was in attendance with wife Zoe Kazan in an embellished beige satin suit dress, wore a snazzy graphic print suit in brown, grey and black. The star had previously issued a warning to any fans who may be inspired by his ‘homegrown’ costume in the movie, warning them to ‘skip the cling wrap’ after his idea to demonstrate the ‘meticulous’ nature of his character somewhat backfired. Lord Of the Rings star Andy also brought his wife Lorraine Ashbourne to the screening, with the couple both going for black, in a glamorous halter-neck gown for her and a black suit and shirt for him. Other celebrities putting in an appearance at the event included Kanye West’s now ex-girlfriend Julia Fox, actors Tommy Dorfman and Nick Creegan and tennis star Venus Williams. The Batman is released in cinemas on Friday, March 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Batman star Jeffrey Wright ‘infiltrated’ US police and was inspired by New York City mayor Eric Adams for Jim Gordon role MORE : Riddler star Paul Dano on ‘incredible’ Batman fan art and the power of the DC fandom 