A gran became a midwife when she safely delivered her grandchild after her daughter went into labour at home. First time mum Kathryn Doyle gave birth to baby Gracie in just 40 minutes after her waters broke. Thankfully, Kathryn’s mum Susan lives nearby and came to her daughter’s aid by delivering her grandchild. Susan even removed the umbilical cord from around the baby’s neck. Gracie’s dramatic entrance into the world happened after Kathryn and husband Ben from Cannock, Staffordshire had been trying for a baby for 10 years. In an amazing turn of events, the couple conceived naturally a month after they were approved for fertility treatment. ‘Gracie is our miracle baby,’ explains 32-year-old Kathryn who works as a manager at a children’s nursery. ‘We had tried for so long, we were desperate to start a family – and when the time came, she couldn’t wait to meet us.’ ‘When my waters broke, I thought it would be hours and determined to stay calm, I went back to bed. ‘But I could feel so much pressure, so I rang my mum.’ Luckily, Susan only lives a short distance away. ‘I thought mum would call me a drama queen so early on in labour,’ Kathryn explains. ‘But she took one look at me as I waddled out the bathroom and got me straight on to the bed. ‘I pushed once and Gracie’s head was out.’ Once Kathryn realised she was about to give birth at home, she took complete control of the situation. ‘Mum is my deputy at work too, so she is used to me bossing her around,’ Kathryn jokes. ‘As I was pushing, I shouted at mum to not use the best towels and I told Ben what to do too.’ Susan, a mum of five herself, took on the role of midwife as Gracie entered the world and carefully removed the umbilical cord from around the baby’s neck. Home births seem to run in the family as Susan actually gave birth to Kathryn at home 31 years earlier. She delivered her daughter herself and removed the cord from Kathryn’s neck too, just like she did her granddaughter. Even though the delivery was unexpected, Kathryn said she couldn’t have wished for a better birth. Gracie is now 17 months old and Kathryn describes her as ‘the most incredible thing to happen to us.’ ‘I couldn’t believe it when I get pregnant, I lost count of the amount of tests I did to be sure,’ Kathryn recalls. ‘Previously I was told to lose weight, so I lost 4 stone. Then I was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome. ‘I was told I would never be able to have children naturally and we were finally approved for IVF. ‘For the first time in my life, I was excited waiting for my period to arrive so I could start my IVF medication, but that period never arrived.’ While the couple were thrilled with the pregnancy, Kathryn feared Ben would not be able to attend the birth because of lockdown. ‘Gracie was a lockdown baby born September 2020 and I feared that Ben wouldn’t be able to be there for the birth and my mum wouldn’t meet our child for weeks or months,’ she explains. ‘I was upset thinking nobody would be able to see her and instead mum ended up at the birth too. ‘We had waited 10 years to have a baby and then he was shut out of appointments and scans and that was really hard on us both.’ Kathryn says the experience will remain forever special to her. ‘I’m one of five, so Gracie is mum’s third grandchild – but the only one she has delivered,’ she explains. ‘I’m so glad she was there to help. ‘I didn’t expect her to arrive on her due date – or at home – but I never wanted Ben or my mum to miss out and it seems Gracie didn’t either.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum gives birth to baby in just four minutes MORE : Where are all the gender neutral baby clothes? MORE : Mum gives birth to two babies in one year – from separate uteruses