Flo was one of 21 dogs rescued from a site in South Wales in March 2021 following a South Wales Police warrant. The poor pups were found living in unhygienic and hazardous conditions; many were underweight and suffering from severe skin diseases. All were seized from the puppy farm by police and taken in by the RSPCA. Gemma Cooper, RSPCA Inspector, led the investigation. She said: ‘I was horrified by the animal’s overall health and the environments in which they were being kept. ‘It also appeared that a small-scale puppy farm was being run from this location. ‘The conditions they were kept in were not acceptable and the owners were failing to meet their needs. ‘One pen for example – which had eight dogs in – had no space for them to get away from each other, had no comfortable area for them to rest and was full of urine and faeces.’ Some of the dogs, including Flo, a Saluki-cross, were sent to the RSPCA’s West Hatch Animal Centre in Somerset for treatment and rehabilitation. Flo’s transformation has been incredible to see, with the dog going from being a ‘walking skeleton’ to ‘healthy, happy and living her best life’. But undergoing this transformation took five months of specialist care. When she arrived, Flo was incredibly skinny and had a terrible untreated skin condition. West Hatch deputy manager Anita Clark said: ‘She was little more than skin and bone; she looked like a walking skeleton. It was a pitiful sight. She was suffering from mange with sores and cuts all over her body. ‘We immediately put her on pain relief, treated her ear mites and gave her weekly medicated baths to soothe her skin,’ Anita continued. ‘When she was strong enough, she had a dental to clean her bad teeth too. Anita continued to explain that when Flo first arrived at the shelter, she was subdued, in pain and scared. ‘It was late when the dogs arrived and we carried them all to their kennels; they cowered in the corner, shocked to be in an unfamiliar place with people they didn’t know,’ said Anita. ‘But they had heat lamps to keep them warm and cosy beds to curl up in; probably for the first time in their lives.’ Despite her initial fear, it was ‘obvious from the start’ that Flo was playful and loved to be around people. ‘Even though she was weak, she picked up a ragger toy and tried to play. And she loved cuddles,’ Anita said. ‘With careful monitoring and lots of TLC she went from strength-to-strength and her personality shone through a little more with every day that passed.’ Flo’s amazing transformation was incredible to see and she soon found a new forever home to love her. Danielle Tuagalu and her partner, Rupert Forrester, from Plymouth in Devon, spotted Flo was in need of a home and fell in love with her. Danielle said: ‘Flo has settled in very well to our home; it’s like she was always meant to be here. ‘She instantly claimed our largest couch for herself but is kind enough to share it with us! ‘She has the fluffiest ears and tail, she loves cuddles, sleeping on the couch – ignoring the three beds we bought for her. ‘She also loves sand dunes, treats, toys and meeting other dogs and humans – big and little alike! ‘She also loves road trips and we’ve had lovely holidays with her; she even had her first adventure travelling from Land’s End to John O’Groats!’ The couple have continued her training and working on her recall meaning she can now be let off the lead which she loves. Danielle added: ‘She is a constant source of amusement, affection and love, and all round wonderfulness. We have been truly blessed to have Flo in our lives and she seems to be a very happy dog living her best life.’ Inspector Cooper added: ‘When I first saw Flo she was extremely underweight and cowered in the corner. Her ribs and spine were visible and she looked pink where she had fur loss and her skin was red and inflamed. ‘I am delighted that Flo found her forever home – her transformation is just amazing.’ To help the RSPCA continue rescuing, rehabilitating and rehoming animals in desperate need of care, like Flo, please visit the website or call the donation line on 0300 123 8181. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : RSPCA desperate to find homes for 60 baby gerbils after breeding got out of hand MORE : Dog who’s been with the RSPCA for over 500 days in desperate need of a forever home MORE : Timid puppy rescued from Romania is looking for a loving home – can you help?