Rishi Sunak says he is on a ‘mission’ to cut taxes amid the spiralling cost of living. The Chancellor will face a grilling on Wednesday when he delivers his Spring Statement in the House of Commons. He has been urged by opposition parties and Tory backbenchers to slash taxes and cut fuel duty by up to 5p. Mr Sunak has now hinted he may follow through on those calls. He told the Mail on Sunday: ‘My priority over the rest of this Parliament is to cut people’s taxes. That is my mission. ‘Let’s not be spending any more money – let’s make sure the money we’re spending is spent really well. ‘That’s got to be the focus, because otherwise it’s hard to cut taxes.’ Rising fuel prices and heating bills have caused many households woe over recent months. Some families are considering home schooling their children as the school run has become too expensive. But with the war in Ukraine and the UK’s sanctions on Russia adding fuel to the fire, Mr Sunak warned his statement would include ‘challenging’ projections. Appearing on Sky News this morning, the Chancellor said: ‘The actions and steps we are taking to sanction Russia are not cost free. ‘I can’t pretend that it is going to be easy or that I can completely protect people against the difficult times ahead. ‘But where we can make a difference, of course we will.’ Information obtained by Sky News shows that, in two years, Mr Sunak had raised taxes by the same amount Gordon Brown did over a ten year period. Mr Sunak said the pandemic and furlough scheme had moved the goalposts. He added: ‘We had to make some difficult decisions, but I believe they were the right decisions.’ It is unclear whether any changes will be made to the national insurance hike due to commence next month, which Labour says will worsen the cost of living. Meanwhile, the Treasury and Downing Street together announced a ‘cross-Whitehall efficiency crackdown’ to cut £5.5 billion worth of waste and funnel the savings into vital public services. The Treasury said the annual NHS efficiency target would be doubled to 2.2% as part of the crackdown. It projected the measure would free up £4.75 billion to fund NHS priority areas over the next three years. Mr Sunak added: ‘The current level of waste across government is simply not acceptable – which is why we’re doubling down on wasteful spending and launching an efficiency drive to make £5.5 billion worth of savings.’ Another £800 million of savings was predicted to come from a review of ‘Quangos’  – which are publicly funded but not entirely Government-controlled organisations. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.