Elina Svitolina claims the Women’s Tennis Association are reportedly considering making Russian players compete under a neutral flag. The Ukrainian world No.15 made headlines earlier this week when she announced she’d refuse to play against Russian opponent Anastasia Potapova at the Monterrey Open unless changes were made. Svitolina is making a stand amid Russia’s invasion of her home country earlier this week and has called on tennis’ governing bodies to follow the likes of FIFA by handing out sanctions to Russian athletes. The No.1 seed revealed upon drawing Potapova in the first round she tried to contact her team to suggest she play under a neutral flag. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Having got no response from Potapova, she approached the WTA who held a meeting on Monday night and they are now said to be considering her request. ‘To be fair, I didn’t really think about the tournament at all … then when the draw came out, I was shocked,’ Svitolina told NBC Sports. ‘Straight away I had a thought that it’s impossible that I go on court seeing a Russian flag in front of me. ‘They [the WTA] are really considering to remove the flag and have all Russian players play under a neutral flag.’ Svitolina first took to Instagram to voice her concerns about playing Potapova following the draw with a heartfelt post in which she insisted she doesn’t blame Russian athletes for the actions of president Vladimir Putin. ‘Dear all, I believe the current situation requires a clear position from our organisations: ATP, WTA and ITF. ‘As such we – Ukrainian players – requested to ATP, WTA and ITF to follow the recommendations of the IOC to accept Russian or Belarusian nationals only as neutral athletes, without displaying any national symbols, colours, flags or anthems. ‘Accordingly, I want to announce that I will not play tomorrow in Monterrey, nor any other match against Russian or Belarusian tennis players until our organisations take this necessary decision. ‘I do not blame any of the Russian athletes. They are not responsible for the invasion of our motherland. ‘Moreover, I wish to pay tribute to all the players, especially Russians and Belarusians, who bravely stated their position against the war. ‘Their support is essential.’ While the likes of FIFA have banned all Russian teams from competing, tennis’ governing bodies are yet to publicly comment on their plans for handling Russian athletes. At present, their match is scheduled to take place on Tuesday evening local time (1am Wednesday GMT) and Potapova has issued her own statement in response to the war. ‘As a rule, even in childhood we choose our own path of development. Even when I was a kid, I dreamed of playing tennis without choosing a match, a country or a partner in the game,’ Potapova wrote on Instagram. ‘It is difficult to explain to people from politics that for me there is no opponent from any country, I am fighting for victory, my best game, for my result. ‘Unfortunately, now we, professional athletes, are essentially becoming hostages of the current situation. Playing tennis is our choice and our dream, to which we go daily, practicing, and constantly trying to be better in our results. ‘I’m sorry, but even though I am a stranger to politics, I am against grief, tears and war. ‘The peace unites the world, and everyone should remain human in it. And children should continue to dream.’ MORE : Russian tennis star Anastasia Potapova responds to Ukrainian opponent refusing to play her MORE : Ukrainian tennis star Elina Svitolina refuses to play Russian opponent in next match For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 