A BBC newsreader became overwhelmed with emotion on-air as she announced two British prisoners detained in Iran had finally been freed. British-Iranian mother Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe has been released after six years of imprisonment, her lawyer has said. Fellow dual national detainee Anousheh Ashoori, who has been held since 2017, is also reportedly coming home to his family. Powerful footage sees BBC presenter Joanna Gosling appear to fight back tears as she realises the gravity of the update she is reading out. As the breaking news came in, the journalist glanced down and told viewers: ’Ah, there is an update. Two detained British-Iranians Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe and Anousheh Ashoori are heading to a…’ Pausing suddenly, she smiled and said: ‘Sorry, this is a moving moment because these are people who have been detained for some time.’ Ms Gosling seemed to choke up and stopped to collect herself before noting it was a ‘significant development’. ‘Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe has been held for nearly six years in Iran and her husband has worked tirelessly to secure her release’, she told watchers. Charity worker Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe was arrested in 2016 and accused of plotting to overthrow the Iranian government. She has always denied the charges against her. Her husband Richard’s sister has said it feels like the family is on the ‘home run’. Rebecca Ratcliffe told the BBC: ‘It is quite an emotional day today. It feels like we are on the home run now but until she leaves that airport we can’t quite believe it. ‘We found out about an hour ago that Nazanin had been picked up and taken to the airport with her parents. ‘She is still actually under Iranian control in the airport. She is still not free but it definitely feels she is about to be.’ Her release has been confirmed by her family’s local MP, Tulip Siddiq, who said: ‘I came into politics to make a difference, and right now I’m feeling like I have.’ Mr Ashouri was jailed for a decade in 2019 after being accused of ‘spying for Israel’. The retired civil engineer was visiting his mother in Iran when he was taken from the streets of Tehran. The Foreign Office has not commented on the reports. On Tuesday, Boris Johnson said negotiations about Ms Zaghari-Ratcliffe were ‘moving forward’ but ‘going right up to the wire’. MORE : Who is Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe and why was she detained? MORE : UK ‘paid Iran more than £400,000,000’ before Nazanin’s release Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.