A Russian soldier handed over an entire tank as he dramatically tried to swap sides in Ukraine, reports say. The disillusioned soldier, named as ‘Misha’, was pictured lying on the ground as his Ukrainian counterpart points a gun at him. He allegedly arranged his ‘rescue’ through a covert phone scheme. Ukrainian Minister of Internal Affairs, Victor Andrusiv, claims the young soldier was rewarded with £7,500 for crossing enemy lines, and granted Ukrainian citizenship. He wrote: ‘Russian soldier handed us a tank for reward! A few days ago “Misha” called us. ‘It turned out that there was only one left from the tank crew, the rest escaped home. He didn’t see the point of war. ‘Couldn’t return home as the commander said he was shooting and rushing for combat losses. ‘Misha said that there was almost no food left, military management is chaotic and practically absent. Demoralisation is colossal.’ A drone was reportedly used to ensure Misha’s surrender was not part of a Russian ambush attack. The tank he arrived in is believed to be a T-72B3 main battle tank. Mr Andrusiv claims Misha is recovering in ‘very comfortable’ living conditions, complete with TV, shower and warm food. Morale continues to drop across Putin’s forces as the offensive in Ukraine hits more hurdles. Russian brigade commander Colonel Medvechek was reportedly ‘killed by his own troops’. One Western official said: ‘The brigade commander was killed by his own troops, we believe, as a consequence of the scale of losses that have been taken by his brigade.’ And this weekend, a seventh Russian general died on the battlefield in Ukraine. Lt Gen Yakov Rezantsev, 48, was killed in an airstrike in the southern city of Kherson. Senior Russian officers are thought to be moving closer to the frontline to raise morale as their troops suffer heavy losses. Nato has estimated that in four weeks of fighting between 7,000 and 15,000 Russia troops have been killed in combat – compared with the 15,000 they lost in 10 years in Afghanistan. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.