High fashion can be a weird and wonderful world, and some items you see on the runway you just can’t imagine wearing in real life. Depending on your taste, this could be true of Victoria Beckham’s latest designer dress – which has been mocked for looking as though someone has ‘spilt tomato soup’ down it. The ‘Printed Floor Length Bias Dress’, which is part of the Spring Summer 2022 collection, is mostly cream in colour but has a printed shape on the front which resembles a crinkled silk slip dress in an orange/brown colour. And it isn’t cheap – the dress will set you back £1,390. However some potential customers have said the pattern on the front of the dress like a massive stain. With some saying it resembled a soup mishap, while others said it looked like baked beans or spilled coffee. Available in sizes four to 10, the description on the website reads: ‘The Spring Summer 2022 collection evokes both the relaxed feel of the ’90s. ‘And the uncomplicated elegance of a summer getaway in Europe, as seen in the Printed Floor Length Bias Dress. ‘Featuring a vintage lingerie digital lace print on 100 per cent silk satin that has a strong, glossy shine. ‘It has a subtle split running the length of the centre back, with a straight fit and external bias that faces the neckline and armhole, with a topstitch detail to finish.’ However, on social media, people have been less than gushing with their opinions on the garment. ‘Looks like you spilled a tin of Heinz Cream of Tomato soup down the front of your nightie there luv,’ said one. ‘Or got a hug from one of your kids doing a charity soak in a bath of baked beans,’ said another. However, styled in the right way – the dress could look great. The model on the website wears it with a simple gold chain, and we could see it working with a pair of white trainers for spring. So, what’s your verdict? Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Experts share eight top tips for going on holiday with a baby MORE : Student had no idea she was pregant – until her surprise baby’s head emerged MORE : Mum’s ‘pregnancy headaches’ turned out to be a brain tumour