A woman has transformed her plain apartment into a colour filled wonderland – for just £3,000. By using rental-friendly hacks, 22-year-old Stephanie Kaluza was able to put an individual touch on her flat. Stephanie, a marketing executive from north west London, has a passion for DIY and all things colourful and bright, and after moving in to her apartment in November 2020, she was buzzing to get stuck into decorating. A new-build, the flat was a blank canvas and Stephanie had lots of ideas but they needed to be rental-friendly. Using tricks such as putting pink vinyl stickers on her kitchen tiles to create a backsplash and upcycling plain shelving units to act as radiator covers, the flat looks completely different. ‘It was a new-build flat that was completely unfurnished, so it was very plain with not much character,’ Stephanie said. ‘I used Instagram and Pinterest to gain inspiration, but I’ve always loved colourful spaces. ‘It’s nice to have something interesting to look at where you live and I find you can be more creative with colour. ‘I like pastel colours and the Danish Scandi style, so I decided to mix natural-coloured materials with pastel pinks and greens.’ Stephanie learned much of the DIY requirements from online tutorials and from different companies she bought decor from. In the kitchen, she used pink stick-on vinyl tiles to create a backsplash and she believes this alone added brightness to the once drab white kitchen. It cost just £80. Meanwhile, she also upcycled plain units to cover her radiators. ‘Originally, the radiators were horrible and all over white,’ she explained. ‘I bought some radiator covers from B&Q and ripped out the centre part, as I wanted them to be more than just radiators. ‘I upcycled this material using natural and cane webbing in the centre, which was fixed with a staple gun. I placed Command Strips to adhere the cover to the wall and this created a level surface for me to add prints and plants.’ Overall, Stephanie estimates that she has spent £3,000 on up-styling the flat, but puts most of this cost down to curtains, furniture and furnishings. Stephanie is unable to paint the walls and so had to buy eccentric furnishings including a green sofa, table unit and artwork. To document her hard work, Stephanie took to TikTok and has since racked up 81,000 followers. In one post, which has received one million views and 151,000 likes, she shares a clip of her living quarters. She begins by showing the apartment before she moved in, which was completely empty and lacked any character. She then cuts to how the property looks now. As she pans across the living room and gives an insight into the kitchen and bedroom, the camera cuts to show a completely transformed space. A green sofa, decorated with pink cushions and yellow accessories are shown within the living room. In the dining area, a bright pink table with pink crockery makes the area pop with brightness. As she shows viewers her pastel bedroom, the theme appears to continue in the kitchen which looks brand new. At her desk, there is cosy lighting and pink artwork to finish it off. After sharing an insight into DIY inspiration, Stephanie has been overwhelmed with messages from people asking for tips. Now, she is sharing her top rental-friendly hacks for transforming a space. ‘Command Strips are a life-saver for hanging up things on the wall without having to drill any holes or leave marks,’ she advises. ‘Look for free-standing furniture that can hide plain walls and does not leave any damage behind. Vinyl tiles are a great damage-free option to transform a space – you can use them as a kitchen backsplash, in the bathroom or on the floor. ‘If you don’t like the flooring, look for big decorative rugs in a colour palette more suited to your style. ‘Create a point of interest with decorative items that drawer away attention from areas you’re not so happy with.’ She continues: ‘You must take it slow and never rush into buying a load of stuff or picking up bits here and there. ‘Focus on the biggest pieces first and add gradually – if you’re happy to look at something all day, have it in your space. Don’t worry about trends, as it can be overwhelming seeing so many things online, but you must pick stuff you like. ‘You’ve got to be happy and that’s all that matters.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : DIY couple build their own stylish corner seat worth £800 – for just £100 MORE : DIY SOS star Mark Millar shares his expert tips to designing the perfect kitchen MORE : DIY hacks: How to perfectly hang patterned wallpaper