Kim Kardashian has broken her silence on her relationship with Pete Davidson for the very first time. The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star confirmed her romance with the Saturday Night Live comedian last year, after her split from ex-husband Kanye West. While Pete sent us into overdrive when he referred to the mom-of-four as his ‘girlfriend’ in a recent chat, she had remained tight-lipped over the new man in her life – but has now confirmed that their bond will be touched on in her new reality show, The Kardashians. ‘I have not filmed with him,’ she told Variety of the new program. ‘And I’m not opposed to it. It’s just not what he does. ‘But if there was an event happening and he was there, he wouldn’t tell the cameras to get away. I think I might film something really exciting coming, but it wouldn’t be for this season.’ Despite this, she promised that viewers will see ‘how we met and who reached out to who and how it happened and all the details that everyone wants to know. ‘I’m definitely open to talking, and I definitely explain it.’ The Kardashians is landing on Hulu on April 14, and on Disney + on the same day, so hopefully we’ll get some answers. Kim and Pete were first linked in October, after the Skims businesswoman landed a hosting stint on SNL. They raised eyebrows when they shared a kiss during an Aladdin-themed sketch, and were spotted out on date nights ever since. However, it took until February for the couple to speak publicly about their romance publicly. Putting us all out of our misery during a chat with People (The TV Show!), Pete spoke to host Kay Adams about what he gets up to in his spare time – taking the opportunity to drop the g-bomb for the first time. ‘Well, I don’t really have Instagram — I don’t have Instagram or Twitter or any of that stuff,’ he said. ‘So, most of my daily life is getting into cars and showing up to a set. ‘Or, if I’m off, I just either hang with my friends or chill with my girlfriend inside. So I don’t do much.’ Kim’s interview comes after she was legally declared single, following her divorce proceedings with ex-husband Kanye West. She filed for divorce from the Gold Digger rapper – who she shares children North, Saint, Chicago and Psalm – last February. Following a six-year marriage, she was declared single and officially changed her name back to Kardashian, dropping West. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 