Erik ten Hag wants to bring Ajax winger Antony with him to Manchester United should he win the race to be named the club’s new permanent manager, according to reports. The Red Devils’ hierarchy have been conducting a thorough search for a successor to interim boss Ralf Rangnick and interviewed Ten Hag last week, with the Dutch coach now the frontrunner to take over the reins at Old Trafford. He still faces competition from the likes of PSG boss Mauricio Pochettino and Spain head coach Luis Enrique, but he made a big impression on the club in his formal interview. During the talks, Ten Hag is believed to have asked about United’s vision and transfer budget – and he appears to already know the first player he wants to sign. According to The Telegraph, he is very keen to bring Brazil international Anthony with him to Manchester, with the 22-year-old having impressed enormously under Ten Hag’s guidance at Ajax. Antony has netted 10 goals and laid on 8 assists in 30 appearances across both the Eredivisie and Champions League this season after also registering 17 goal contributions in the league last season. His performances since swapping Sao Paulo for Amsterdam have earned him plenty of admirers and he has been linked with the likes of Barcelona in the past, while he has so far received eight caps for Brazil and won gold at the 2020 Olympics. There is thought to be an enormous amount of interest in Antony, but the prospect of sticking with Ten Hag is something that could play a massive factor in determining his next move. Despite signing Jadon Sancho last summer to play on the right, there is a feeling at United that his best position is on the left wing and, as such, the club are believed to want a new right winger this summer – and Antony ticks all the boxes. However, even if Ten Hag is not given the United job, the Dutchman still wants to sign Antony at whichever club he does join. United are hoping to have conducted all background checks and interviews with potential managers by the end of April with a view to announcing the new manager as soon as the season is over so the coach can contribute to recruitment strategy and targets for the summer. In addition to a new right winger, United’s hierarchy also feel the club require two new midfielders – one more defence-orientated and the other more attack-minded – as well as a striker. MORE : Rio Ferdinand responds to Wayne Rooney calling him ‘arrogant’ at Manchester United MORE : Mauricio Pochettino has Manchester United interview after Erik ten Hag impresses board For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 