Although normality is largely back in the UK, the upward spike in people needing help with anxiety isn’t slowing. Mental health provider Priory have found in their latest research that cases of stress and anxiety are rising ‘sharply’. There’s been a 55% increase in the numbers seeking help with stress or anxiety between 2019 and 2021. In February 2022, there was a 32% rise compared to the same month last year. This stacks up to global data too – the World Health Organisation reported a 25% increase in how rife anxiety and depression were in the first half of the pandemic. But since things have eased in certain parts of the world with Covid, other global concerns have come into view. Firstly, there’s the war in Ukraine, and closer to home there’s still concerns around job safety and financial struggle. Dr Natasha Bijlani, consultant psychiatrist at Priory’s Roehampton hospital, said: ‘Some of my existing patients who already had a history of depression or anxiety, found the challenges imposed by the pandemic difficult to manage. ‘I’ve also assessed many new patients whose mental health has been tipped over by the pandemic, who might otherwise have never needed to seek professional help. ‘Some people are likely to be able to return to their previous state of mental health, while others are likely to have been left with long lasting effects, and although anxiety disorders can become “long term”, they can be managed so that symptoms are minimised.’ If you’re seeing a friend of family member experience this, she adds: ‘Actively listen to their concerns but avoid readily providing too much reassurance. ‘Encourage them to participate in some basic self-care. Just paying attention to their daily hygiene, dietary intake, sleep and physical exercise can be a good first step to aim for.’ Other techniques that can help include journaling and exercise. If symptoms persist, speak to your GP who will then advise on the next step. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to cope with the mental impact of war and offer support to refugees MORE : How being too empathetic can hurt your mental health MORE : Boots launches on-demand mental health services as the need for care grows