Katie Price has revealed her incredibly deep tan while on holiday and it’s causing her grief with make-up as she hasn’t got foundation that matches anymore. The 43-year-old mother of five is currently enjoying a romantic break away with her fiancé Carl Wood, 33, in the sunny climes of Bangkok, Thailand. It’s no surprise that as the couple catch the abundant rays in the sunny location, their tans are getting darker and darker. In fact, Katie has been left completely stunned by just how dark her skin has become. Taking to social media on Tuesday, the model shared a video of herself with her deep tan, as it accentuated the whiteness of her teeth. With her long blonde locks tied back, and wearing a bright orange top, the model said: ‘I’m literally so brown, I don’t think I can get any browner. ‘I haven’t even got a foundation to match my skin.’ She added a caption to the video that simply stated: ‘Sooo brown’ along with a shocked face emoji. While Katie has obviously been clocking up some impressive sun tanning hours on her holiday, it appears that she’s also carved out some time to visit a plastic surgeon. The star has gone back under the knife in order to boost her breast size yet again, which have pumped her chest to one of the biggest sizes it’s ever been. However, taking to Instagram, Katie denied she’s only had 13 boob operations, instead saying this was her ’24th’. She said: ‘They say my 13th boob job more like 24th boob job. ‘Have to say they are not my biggest, my biggest are in a safe for sale for a million pounds.’ Katie’s latest tattoo features an array of lilies, daffodils and hyacinths on her arm in her largest inking to date. The Sun reported that she paid £180 for the design, and that she’d hired a local tattoo artist to add the body art to her burgeoning collection. MORE : Katie Price selling her largest breast implants for £1,000,000 and reveals latest boob job is actually 24th procedure MORE : Katie Price works up a sweat in Thailand as she shows new boob job in sports bra during intense session with fiance Carl Woods 