Gordon Ramsay has defended his lockdown trip with family to his home in Cornwall, saying he doesn’t understand why they faced ‘so much s**t from the Cornish’. The TV chef upped sticks and left London with wife Tana and five children – Megan, now 23, twins Holly and Jack, 22, Strictly Come Dancing star Tilly, 20, and two-year-old Oscar – at the start of lockdown. He faced criticism from local residents at the time, who accused him of potentially spreading the virus, and posts on a local Facebook group slammed him for reportedly ‘swanning around the shops’ and having ‘pool engineers’ come over to his home. Speaking to the Radio Times in a new interview, Gordon said: ‘God knows why we took so much s**t from the Cornish. ‘We lived down there; we just hadn’t been down there for a long time. We didn’t sneak down there at all. ‘We got there at an appropriate time and had an absolutely amazing time. And a time like that – we’ll never get back again.’ He also admitted that he ‘didn’t want it to end’ as he cherished spending the time with his kids ‘as a dad’, if not as a chef due to its ‘devastating’ consequences. At the time, a family friend told Metro.co.uk that Gordon thought of his £4million beachfront property ‘as his home’, despite the ‘hurtful and unnecessary’ backlash. ‘The family see Cornwall as their family home when the kids are back from uni and Gordon back from filming around the world. ‘It’s where they spend all their family time together, they’ve been spending time there for 10 years and Jack actually lives in the house there full time too.’ The friend added: ‘Most of their neighbours are so welcoming and they love being part of the community. ‘They’ve been following the government advice, along with the rest of the country, since they arrived on 20 March and the campaign against them is hurtful and unnecessary at a time when we should all be coming together and supporting each other.’ The chef was also seen being confronted by a ‘furious Cornwall resident’ over how he parked his Land Rover in front of a local store, with the MailOnline stating the Hell’s Kitchen star ‘kept his cool’ during the rant, and simply waited for him to leave. Gordon also made tongue-in-cheek references to the supposed conflict himself, making a cheeky ‘love thy neighbour’ dig as he was gifted fresh asparagus from a local field, and saying he would be offering his homemade burgers to his neighbours next door to hopefully ‘put a smile on their face’. The star returned to London at the end of June 2020 in order to ready his Lucky Cat restaurant on Grosvenor Square for re-opening as lockdown restrictions eased on July 4. Jeremy Clarkson went to bat for Gordon, accusing locals of being ‘bitter’ and ‘jealous’ over his owning of a second home, while his wife Tana later addressed the controversy herself. Speaking to Metro.co.uk about the criticism in November 2020, Tana explained that spending time in their family home was the most ‘important’ thing. ‘We want to stay safe and help everyone keep safe as much as possible,’ she explained. ‘We spent our time in our home with our family, and you know that that was what was most important.’ Read the full interview in the Radio Times, out now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gordon Ramsay teases Strictly Come Dancing stint after Tilly success: ‘I might ask BBC if I can do it next year’ MORE : The unexpected way very British sitcom Stath Lets Flats inspired Oscar Isaac for Moon Knight 