Khloe Kardashian has been spotted wearing a pair of Yeezy trainers despite her sister Kim’s ongoing divorce from Kanye West. The siblings have stuck together, but the 37-year-old reality star clearly hasn’t stopped wearing her Yeezy 350 sneakers – which were originally released in 2016 – and she was seen sporting a pair as she got off a plane in Los Angeles. She had actually been with Kim for a SKIMS Swim popup event in Miami, Florida over the weekend, and landed in LA as she kept things casual with her comfortable ensemble. Khloe wore the footwear  with a simple all black outfit as she carried a large blanket off the plane – and at least she’s not wasting them, we suppose? There’s clearly no issues between the siblings after Khloe supported her sister at a party in Miami’s Design District for the popup launch on Saturday night, but Kim’s bitter breakup with her ex hasn’t stopped her sporting his trainers. Over the weekend, pair were joined at the shop by some supporters for the event, including SKIMS CMO Tracy Romulus, and Maliqa Haqq. A source recently told People that the pair have been supporting each other during Kim’s ongoing divorce from ex-husband Kanye and new romance with Pete Davidson, as well as Khloe’s tough time amid ex Tristan Thompson’s paternity drama earlier this year. The insider said: ‘Kim and Khloé are very close and supportive of each other. Khloé is the one Kim leaned on the most during her divorce. Khloé often expresses how lucky she is to have Kim help her heal from Tristan. It’s a very special relationship to them.’ The source added: ‘Kim is encouraging Khloé to date. Kim says her relationship with Pete helps her see past all the Kanye drama. Kim wants Khloé to be happy as well.’ Kanye has been taking aim at ex Kim and her new boyfriend Pete on Instagram over the last few months, and was suspended from posting on the platform for 24 hours. A spokesperson for Meta, Instagram’s parent company, confirmed to Metro.co.uk that Ye’s recent posts had violated Instagram’s policies on hate speech, harassment and bullying. As a result, he wasn’t able to post, send DMs, or comment for 24 hours, while the spokesperson added that they will take additional steps if there are more violations. Meanwhile, Kanye also hurled a racist slur at late night host Trevor Noah, after the comedian defended his former partner. In the now-deleted Instagram post, the musician shared a screenshot of a Google search for Trevor, 38, with his South African heritage displayed underneath. Reciting the lyrics from the kumbaya folk song – which originates in an African-American spiritual song evoking harmony – he replaced ‘kum’ with a slur. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian receives gift from Pete Davidson’s ex Ariana Grande so there’s no hard feelings MORE : Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson put  Kanye West drama aside with low profile lunch date at In-N-Out Burger 