There are fears for the 80,000 Ukrainian women expected to give birth in the next three months, with many unable to access critical health care. There is a ‘crucial need’ to protect women and girls who are suffering amid Vladimir Putin’s invasion, aid agencies have warned on International Women’s Day. Childbirth ‘could become a life-threatening experience’ as thousands crowd inside shelters and try to flee borders to escape Russian bombs, according to the United Nations Population Fund. Meanwhile, the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) has warned conflict, crisis and displacement puts women at increased risk of sexual and physical violence and abuse. ‘The conflict in Ukraine and resulting displacement is tearing families apart, leaving women and children who are trying to find safety exposed and vulnerable’, Suzy Madigan, Care International’s senior humanitarian adviser for gender and protection, said. ‘Women fleeing disasters everywhere face the real risk of gender-based violence and abuse when they’re forced to leave home. ‘If you become reliant on others for the basic needs of survival, exploitation becomes a real threat.’ Most of the 1.7 million people who have arrived at borders with Poland, Romania, Hungary, Slovakia and Moldova are women and children. ‘There are deeply concerning reports of racism against refugees of colour, including mothers with babies forced to wait longer in below-freezing temperatures with no shelter, and reports of female young students being stuck at the borders for several days without shelter and toilet facilities’, Niki Ignatiou, ActionAid UK’s humanitarian advisor cautioned. ‘Women and girls arriving at the border urgently need food, water, shelter and essential items like soap, period products and underwear. ‘Psychosocial support and safe spaces to prevent gender-based violence will also be vital in the coming weeks.’ It comes as access to healthcare overall becomes an urgent issue facing people trapped in the Russian onslaught. The World Health Organization has received 16 confirmed reports of attacks on healthcare – and more are in the process of being verified. These attacks have led to at least nine deaths and 16 injuries, with at least seven of those harmed staff, Dr Hans Henri P. Kluge, Director for Europe, said on Tuesday. They are ‘increasingly quite rapidly’ and include direct charges on hospitals, as well as appropriating health infrastructure and diverting ambulances to use them for non-healthcare purposes. The DEC, which is providing women and families with food, shelter, clean water, hygiene kits, healthcare and child-friendly spaces as well as psychosocial support, including trauma counselling, has raised more than £100 million in its Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal so far. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.