Tributes have poured in for a cameraman and journalist killed in Ukraine while reporting on the Russian invasion for Fox News. Veteran war photographer Pierre Zakrzewski, 55, and young Ukrainian producer Oleksandra Kuvshynova, 24,  died on Monday in Horenka, about 12 miles outside of the Ukrainian capital Kyiv. The pair are thought to have been killed after the vehicle they were travelling in was struck by incoming fire while they were newsgathering. Their colleague, Benjamin Hall, 39, was wounded in the incident and remains in hospital. Fox News CEO Suzanne Scott said it was a ‘heartbreaking day’ for the organisation. She said Pierre’s ‘passion and talent as a journalist were unmatched’. ‘Pierre was a war zone photographer who covered nearly every international story for Fox News from Iraq to Afghanistan to Syria during his long tenure with us,’ she said. Scott later confirmed Oleksandra, also known as Sasha, was also killed. She said the 24-year-old was working as a consultant for Fox and remembered her as ‘funny, brave, hard-working and kind’. ‘She was helping our crews navigate Kyiv and the surrounding area while gathering information and speaking to sources,’ Scott said. ‘She was incredibly talented and spent weeks working directly with our entire team there, operating around the clock to make sure the world knew what was happening in her country.’ Colleagues have paid emotional tributes to the pair. Fox News journalist Lucas Tomlinson shared a picture of himself with Pierre and Sasha, writing: ‘RIP’. He said the last message he received from Mr Zakrzewski read: ‘I will effort to get as much of this on TV to help Ukrainians in every way possible. Keep Smiling. Pierre.’ Presenter Bill Hemmer, announcing his death, said: ‘Pierre Zakrzewski was an absolute legend at this network and his loss is devastating. ‘Pierre jumped in to help out with all sorts of roles in the field – photographer and engineer and editor and producer and he did it all under immense pressure and with tremendous skill.’ Foreign Correspondent Trey Yingst shared a picture of himself with the war photographer and said he ‘was as good as they come’. He added: ‘Selfless. Brave. Passionate. I’m so sorry this happened to you.’ Fox News co-anchor John Roberts said Zakrzewski was ‘just the best’ adding: ‘I worked with Pierre many times around the world. He was an absolute treasure. Sending our most heartfelt prayers to Pierre’s wife and family.’ Meanwhile, many praised the bravery of Oleksandra, also known as Sasha, for staying in her homeland to report on the war as millions fled the country. Atai Abawi, for NBC News, said: ‘She was a young Ukrainian journalist sharing the story of her country’s invasion. Our friends who worked with her said she was vibrant & full of life. I can’t even imagine the pain her parents are going through right now.’ BBC Middle East Editor Jeremy Bowen said: ‘I did not know Sasha but agree 100% about the skill, dedication and professionalism of local journalists, without whom foreign correspondents would find it very hard to operate. Doesn’t make her death or any of the others any less dreadful. Condolences to all.’ Senior field producer for Fox, Yonat Friling, said Sasha had been working with the team for the past month and ‘did a brilliant job’. ‘We have lost a beautiful brave woman,’ Ms Friling said. ‘She loved music and she was funny and kind.’ Sky News’ Chief Correspondent, Stuart Ramsay, said: ‘This week gets worse and worse. RIP Pierre and Oleksandra . My heart is breaking. Love you Pierre. All those years on the road, so many memories. I’m completely floored by this news. To everyone in Ukraine to the journos in Ukraine. Keep going.’ News of Mr Hall’s injury emerged on Monday but Fox gave no further detail on the severity of his condition or the fate of his colleagues. Ukrainian officials posted on Telegram that the father-of-three was in ICU in a serious condition. Mr Hall, a dual US-UK citizen, joined Fox News in 2015 and has been heavily involved in the network’s foreign affairs coverage. He has covered several wars from the frontlines, including in parts of the Middle East. The attack on the journalists comes after Brent Renaud, an award-winning US journalist and filmmaker, died in northern Ukraine after he was fatally shot in the neck by Russian forces in Irpin, near Kyiv,  on Sunday. Ukraine’s president, Volodymyr Zelensky, paid tribute to the former New York Times freelancer, in a letter addressed to Mr Renaud’s family. He said: ‘I extend my heartfelt condolences to the family of Brent Renaud who lost his life while documenting the ruthlessness & evil inflicted upon [Ukrainian] people by Russia.’ Last night, Fox confirmed foreign affairs correspondent Mr Hall was injured but did not comment on the severity Ukraine’s prosecutor general, Irina Venediktova, said that a British journalist was in ‘intensive care under the supervision of doctors’. Fox said: ‘This is a stark reminder for all journalists who are putting their lives on the line every day to deliver the news from a war zone.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.