A team of engineers in Italy is taking remote-control robotics to a whole new level. Described as an ‘advanced teleoperated system’, researchers at the Italian Institute of Technology (ITT) have created a ‘bot that can be manipulated by a human operator. It’s called the iCub3 and it’s basically a clunkier version of the movie Avatar. ‘If the human being walks, then the robot has to walk as the human does, then we have been integrating wearable technologies for allowing the robot to move a hand, as the human does,’ said Daniele Pucci, principal investigator of the Artificial and Mechanical Intelligence Lab at ITT. ‘And then we have been also integrating the other existing technologies for the vision, so the user can see what the robot sees, can hear what the robot hears, and this basically consists of the arrow from the operator to the robot.’ Sensorised gloves provide haptic feedback to the user – to effectively let the controller feel what the robot ‘feels’. ‘So whenever I touch something I feel a vibration on each finger, this is because the robot has some artificial skin mounted on each finger tip,’ said Stefano Dafarra, a post doctorate researcher on the team. ‘In addition when I start lifting something, the haptic units that I have on my arms start vibrating as well telling me that the robot is lifting some weight so I know that the robot is firmly holding something.’ ‘It takes some time at the beginning, you have to get used to some delay, to a body that is different than yours, then it looks pretty amazing let’s say to look at your own feet and not finding you feet,’ said Dafarra. The aim however is to offer an avatar usable by all and capable of replacing a human body in the real world. The current iCub3 robot is just over four feet tall and weighs 53 kilos. For now, it’s unique but more versions of him could appear in the coming five to 10 years, according to the IIT. MORE : Amazon worker ‘trapped in warehouse by robots’ MORE : Tesla’s humanoid robot worker ‘most important product’ this year, says Musk