For this week’s How I Do It, in which a new person shares what seven days of their sex life looks like, we hear from Sandy, who’s never had an orgasm in her life. Sandy is 26, bisexual, and has what’s referred to as anorgasmia, or a significant inability to reach sexual climax. She describes both her relationship status and her personal relationship with sex as ‘complicated’, but says that despite her ‘unconventional’ situation with her partner, she feels a strong bond between them. Perhaps understandably, she’d like her sex life to be ‘orgasmic’ someday. Want to know how she got on this week? Well, your wait is over… I have a tiring day at work, meaning that the activity of sex is the last thing on my mind. The topic of sex, however, was often at the forefront of my brain. I spend a lot of time thinking and writing about sex from a feminist perspective. Sometimes I get paid for it. It can be difficult to turn off the critical part of my brain during leisure time, sexual activity included – letting go and enjoying it requires effort. Some might argue that’s why I’ve never had an orgasm; I’m just overthinking it. But I’ve spoken to other people who overthink sex just as much as I do who have no problem reaching climax, so I suspect it’s only part of the problem. Again, it’s not long before I’m thinking about sex after I wake up. In an analytical way, that is, not in a desiring way. Working from home in my trackie bottoms without any makeup on, it’s hard to feel sexy. But I don’t feel like I’m lacking sex as a result. At present, having sex on average of about once a week works out okay in terms of scratching the itch. You might say my approach to the matter is a little clinical. I get physiological urges and sex helps quell them. If I go too long without it, I can get a bit grumpy, although I wouldn’t go as far as calling sex a ‘need’. I’ve long been troubled by the idea that anyone is entitled to sex, which I feel is implied when sex is described as such. Anyway, the boyfriend-type-guy-I-have-sex-with-regularly is busy tonight, so I watch TV with my flatmate, who’s great (platonic) company. Like me, they take an academic interest in sex and are really into the idea of challenging nuclear family structures, so we always have plenty to talk about. It’s morning, and I’m drinking coffee and reading the news. My flatmate is on the phone with their new partner, who they’ve only been dating for around two weeks. And the whole time they’ve been talking semi-seriously about moving in together, marriage etc. Yes, despite the thing I said about them being anti-nuclear family – although, to their credit, they’re in a lesbian relationship — so none of this is exactly heteronormative. I’ve been living with them for a few months and I really like our arrangement. So, as much as I’m happy that they’ve found someone who they already feel connected enough with to move in with (in the lesbian community, this is called ‘uhauling’), I feel anxious at the prospect that I could be left with no one to live with. I couldn’t stand to live alone, and living with family isn’t an option. My flatmate’s ideal future involves having a partner and kids, which I don’t want. I don’t think my boyfriend-type-person wants that either. Certainly not for a long time. Because my ideal future is a child-free, unmarried one, I spiral every now and then about how difficult it is to live in a society where most people want a more ‘traditional’ life than I do. Can I even survive like this? Is there something wrong with me? Is that why no one wants to settle down with me? I want security, stability, and intimacy. But I don’t want to have babies or adopt. I don’t want a white wedding. Some people in my position might call themselves aromantic. I think of myself as pragmatic. After their phone call, I tell my flatmate how I feel. I say that overhearing them talking excitedly about a prospective living situation that I assume would exclude me makes me worry I’ll get left behind. They are somewhat reassuring and said that my wellbeing is really important to them. Plus, I was missing important context for their conversation. It isn’t enough to eradicate my fears, but I feel positive enough to head out to town to meet up with my sort-of-boyfriend. He tells me in advance via text that it might be inconvenient for him to sleep over. He’s a musician, and he works full time in a really stressful job, so this is a regular occurrence. I try to be understanding but often feel like an inconvenience as a result of this. Regardless, we have a nice day out. The highlight is when he gets us coconut buns from an Asian bakery. We bond over food a lot. I convince him to stay over, but he has to go home first to pick up some meds. By the time he arrives at the flat, I’m almost ready to go to bed, but I force myself to stay awake to watch some TV with him and my flatmate. We cuddle in bed for a bit before I tell him I need to be left alone to sleep. We’ve got into the habit of sleeping separately because he snores extremely loudly, which makes sharing a bed inconvenient. Sexy! In the morning, my boyfriend has to do something with his band, so he needs to leave really early. We have another cuddle but not much more. The walls are thin so with my flatmate awake in the next room it’d feel awkward anyway. In the afternoon, my flatmate is reading a book about leaving heterosexuality for lesbianism — written before bisexuality was such a widely used term, obviously. I ask to take a read and I have one of those everyday mini identity crises that many people who straddle the gay and hetero worlds experience. I have known that I like both men and women since I was a pre-teen. But reading this book, with its binary of straight and lesbian, I wonder, am I heterosexual? I certainly think of myself as functionally heterosexual in ways, but it doesn’t completely protect me from experiencing (sometimes scary) homophobia. Lesbianism is something I identified more with in the past, as someone with a general preference for women. But I’ve mostly dated men. I find I tend to feel happier if I avoid giving questions of identity too much thought. In a world where there’s a lot of pressure to pick your tribe, it can feel freeing not to be strongly aligned with any particular identity. My relationships are something I do, but they don’t define everything about who I am. Back to work. The closest I feel to arousal today is probably when I watch a 1980s erotic thriller movie with my flatmate in the evening. There’s an extremely good sex scene. Not to over-romanticise the 80s, but I don’t remember the last time I saw such passionate lovemaking (for want of a better word) between a hetero couple in a contemporary Hollywood movie. My flatmate tells me there’s an opening for another flat in the building and seems to think I’d be interested in this. Why, I’m not sure, and I don’t ask. Later, when they tell me they’re keeping a cardboard box for when they move – they quickly correct themselves with an ‘if’ – it’s another negative sign, but what exactly can I do? Cohabiting isn’t a possibility with my relationship, and my boyfriend has assured me it isn’t about me. He just can’t see himself living with a partner. This has caused a lot of arguments. It’s upsetting feeling like I don’t have control over my destiny because of other people’s feelings. Thank God work tires me out too much to dwell on the subject right now. Tuesday is my horniest day yet. I get wine-drunk and spend a fun evening with my flatmate at a gay bar. When I’m drunk, I pretty predictably text my boyfriend asking for sex. He’s up for it, but he warns that he’s sleeping soon. Damn it, I’m having so much fun here at the bar. I can’t leave yet, I tell him. In the end he falls asleep. I could probably write something profound about what it says about bisexuality that I, a bi woman, had my booty call fall through because I’m enjoying myself too much at a gay bar, but I’m a little too hungover to bother. I don’t think I’ve masturbated all week, never mind had intercourse. But I’ve had physical intimacy, both with my almost-boyfriend and my flatmate, which is what matters to me most. Maybe I’m not the sexually empowered millennial woman I deserve to be, but I’m grateful for the love I have in my life. *Name has been changed Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How I Do It: ‘I have juvenile arthritis – this is what a week in my sex life looks like’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I left a sexless marriage and started to secretly write about my love life – this is my week in sex’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I love buying sex toys and sending nudes – this is my week in sex’