Google-owned Fitbit has recalled 1.7 million of its Ionic smartwatches after dozens of users reported burn injuries. The burns were caused by the lithium battery inside the watch overheating. The fitness gadget maker said anyone who bought the £225 watch with the model number FB503 should immediately stop using the product and contact Fitbit for packaging to return it. According to the Unites States Consumer Product Safety Commission, Fitbit received 115 reports of the battery overheating in the US, with 78 reports of burn injuries including two reports of third-degree burns and four claims of second-degree burns. The commission said there were 40 reports of burn injuries internationally. Fitbit, based in San Francisco, introduced the Ionic watches in 2017 and stopped producing it 2020. The company has set up a dedicated support page to deal with the issue and told customers to either return the devices or recycle them, but not to take them back to stores. ‘Ionic owners can dispose of their device by recycling it as they would any other electronic device or lithium ion battery,’ said Fitbit. ‘They shouldn’t be returned to stores.’ If you live in America, you can call the company on 888-925-1764, and if you’re in the UK you can call 0800 048 5842 to contact Fitbit for a refund. Google completed its 2.1 billion dollar (£1.57 billion) acquisition of Fitbit last year, which raised concerns about privacy. A subsidiary of Alphabet, Google makes most of its money by selling ads that rely on information it collects about its billions of users’ interests and whereabouts. Privacy watchdogs feared it might exploit Fitbit to peer even deeper into people’s lives. Google entered a series of commitments in Europe and other parts of the world in which it pledged not to use health and fitness data from Fitbit’s 29 million users to sell more ads. MORE : Government spending £3,000,000 to create its own version of Fitbit MORE : Fitbit Charge 5 review: A great fitness tracker that’s fiddly to use