Benedict Cumberbatch has offered to open up his home to those fleeing Ukraine amid continued Russian strikes, discussing the move on the red carpet at the Baftas. Around 2.5million people have fled the country since President Vladimir Putin’s invasion began on February 24. The British public will be asked to open their homes to those in need in a new scheme, which is set to be announced on Monday by Michael Gove. Speaking of the initiative to Sky News at the Royal Albert Hall earlier today, ahead of the Bafta ceremony, the Power of the Dog actor – who showed his support for Ukraine with a yellow and blue badge – explained his hopes to volunteer his own home. ‘It is a really shocking time to be a European two and a half hours flight away from Ukraine, and it’s something that hangs over us,’ he told the publication. ‘This is what I’m trying to do to show that I’m standing side-by-side with my brothers and sisters who are going through this. ‘We all need … to do more than wear a badge. We need to donate, we need to pressure our politicians to continue to create some kind of a refugee safety and a haven here for people who are suffering. ‘Everyone needs to do as much as they can … there’s been a record number of people volunteering to take people into their homes, I hope to be part of that myself.’ Prime Minister Boris Johnson previously discussed the scheme, which will be unveiled on Monday. ‘On Monday, you’ll get from the Levelling Up Secretary, you’ll get the programme that will allow people to come in, so (if) people want to welcome (refugees) into their own homes, they can do so,’ he told the outlet. Mr Gove will set out details of the new ‘sponsored’ humanitarian route, allowing Ukrainians without family links to the UK to come here. According to the Telegraph, ministers will launch a hotline and webpage where individuals, charities, businesses and community groups will be able to offer rooms to those escaping the conflict. Refugees who enter through the new route will be allowed to stay for an initial period of 12 months during which they will be entitled to work, claim benefits and access public services. Officials will match them with offers of free accommodation from the sponsoring individuals and organisations who will be vetted to ensure it is safe and secure. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : It is an outrage that Tick, Tick Boom! has been snubbed at the Baftas MORE : Strictly Come Dancing star James Jordan reflects on one year anniversary of his dad’s death with heartbreaking post: ‘I will miss him till the day I die’ 