Bizarre rules at Japanese schools ban ponytails and only allow girls to wear underwear which is the colour white. A survey in the Fukuoka area of the country in 2020 said one in 10 schools had disallowed the hairstyle in case the ‘nape of women’s necks’ made male students ‘sexually excited’. Former middle school teacher Motoki Sugiyama told Vice: ‘They’re worried boys will look at girls, which is similar to the reasoning behind upholding a white-only underwear color rule. ‘I’ve always criticised these rules, but because there’s such a lack of criticism and it’s become so normalised, students have no choice but to accept them. He taught in the Shizuoka area for 11 years in five different schools, and said they had all banned ponytails. Other rules enforced by Japanese schools dictate the colour of children’s socks, skirt length and even the shape of their eyebrows. They are also not allowed to dye their hair, and if it is anything other than ‘black or straight’, they must reportedly prove it is their natural hair colour or style. Motoki uses TikTok to post about the rules, and said students often receive no valid explaination. He added sometimes the orders are contradictory, with some schools allowing shorter hairstyles which would show the nape of the neck like a ponytail anyway. But Motoki did say the harsh rules of many schools are to prevent pupils from going too far – similarly to in British schools. Undercut hairstyles for example are banned, as students could potentially push the boundaries of what is acceptable. ‘If the two-block [undercut] is okay, then some students might start saying the mohawk should be okay,’ he explained. But overall he said many of the rules were ‘unreasonable demands’, sexist and discouraged self-expression. The education regulations – known as buraku kōsoku or ‘black rules’ – date back to the 1870s, according to Vice. Initially they were very strict, but started to change over time. Though they still aim to ensure everyone is the same. In June parents and pupils lobbied the Japanese government to revise the guidance for schools across the country, but in many schools no changes have been apparent. ‘Many schools ignore notices that aren’t legally binding or that don’t have penalties,’ Motoki said. But some schools have made changes – Hosoyamada Junior High School, in Kagoshima, has now allowed underwear of black, gray or navy blue after students complained. Ponytails are still banned, though. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.