Hayden Panettiere and her on-off boyfriend Brian Hickerson were caught on camera becoming embroiled in an unruly melee on the streets of Los Angeles on Thursday evening. In footage obtained by TMZ, the Heroes star was seen with Hickerson – who she reportedly first started dating in 2018 – before they appeared to come to blows with a large group of people. Panettiere was filmed trying to pull real estate agent Hickerson away from the other people present, while also becoming entangled in the tussle herself. According to the publication, the brawl began inside the bar at the Sunset Marquis hotel in West Hollywood, when an argument was sparked between the Nashville star, Hickerson and other patrons. While at one point security was able to calm things down, things became heated once again between Hickerson and the group, with one of them reportedly claiming that he spit on them before they were kicked out of the bar by the manager. In the video clip, Panettiere could be heard appearing to yell, ‘Brian, jail!’, which may have been in reference to the fact that Hickerson is still serving four years of formal probation. The fight finally drew to a tumultuous close, as Panettiere and Hickerson headed back to the hotel. As they walked back, the actor could be heard apologising, possibly to members of staff, for the debacle. In July last year, it was reported that Panettiere and Hickerson had reunited after breaking up, weeks after he had been released from jail. He was sentenced to 45 days in prison in April 2021 in a domestic violence case, as well as four years of formal probation, 52 domestic violence classes, $500 (£358) in restitution and a five-year protective order. The previous year, he was charged with multiple counts of domestic violence and assault, with Panettiere being granted a restraining order against her former partner. At the time, the Bring It On: All Or Nothing actor wrote in a social media post: ‘I am coming forward with the truth about what happened to me with the hope that my story will empower others in abusive relationships to get the help they need and deserve. ‘I am prepared to do my part to make sure this man never hurts anyone again. I’m grateful for my support system, which helped me find the courage to regain my voice and my life.’ Panettiere shares a child with boxing champion Wladimir Klitschko, to whom she was previously engaged. Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives of Hayden Panettiere for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Hayden Panettiere says daughter, 7, is ‘safe and not in Ukraine’ as fans left worried MORE : Hayden Panettiere ‘spending time with ex Brian Hickerson’ after his jail stint for domestic violence case 