John Terry has doubled down on his support of Roman Abramovich and hit back at Chris Bryant after the Labour MP called on him to take down his ‘appalling’ tribute to the Chelsea owner. The former Chelsea captain posted a tweet hailing Abramovich as ‘the best’ on Tuesday after it was confirmed that the billionaire oligarch had put the club up for sale amid Russia’s invasion of neighbouring Ukraine. There have been calls for Abrahmovich – who has allegedly held close ties with Vladimir Putin in the past – to have his assets seized by the UK Government, with fatalities rising rapidly in the bloody conflict. Prime Minister Boris Johnson addressed the situation in a statement on Friday, stressing that the ‘due process’ must be carried out meticulously before the government are able to place sanctions on the likes of Abramovich. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live It’s understood as many as ten interested parties have emerged in the days following Abramovich’s announcement and Turkish businessman Muhsin Bayrak is the latest to fuel rumours of an impending takeover bid at Stamford Bridge. Abramovich’s looming departure has received a mixed reaction from the footballing community, with ex-Chelsea winger Pat Nevin urging fans to ‘put away the violins’ and instead focus on the situation in Ukraine. But Terry had no problem voicing his support of Chelsea’s long-time owner and faced a fierce backlash from some as a consequence as British politician Bryant responded on Twitter: ‘This is appalling. In a separate tweet, Bryant added: ‘I think John Terry you should take this down ASAP. The people of Ukraine are being bombed, shelled and murdered while you celebrate Abramovich.’ Terry had remained tight-lipped as the matter made the front and back pages in the British press but the ex-England defender fired back at Bryant in an explosive tweet on Saturday morning, raising the MP’s controversial voting history. It started with a message from Twitter user @bodigwe72 which read: ‘I don’t know if the British MP wants John Terry to erase his history with Chelsea makes sense to anyone really baffles me. Roman Abramovich will forever be in the history of Chelsea FC no one can change it. We thank you the great ROMAN with love.’ ‘100% mate [love heart emoji],’ Terry replied. ‘The same MP that claimed fortunes in expenses of the tax payers money. Also the same MP who voted that we invade Iraq [clown emoji].’ Earlier this week, Bryant said Abramovich was ‘terrified’ of being sanctioned and suggested this was the reason he had begun selling property. ‘I think we need to stand united, end of,’ Bryant told his fellow MPs in the House of Commons on Tuesday. ‘But the Government has said that it wants to, quite rightly, to sanction Duma members and it wants to sanction members of the Russian Federation Council but it’s not been able to do so yet. ‘Alisher Usmanov has already been sanctioned by the EU but not yet by the UK, but I suspect he’ll be pretty soon on a UK list and Everton should certainly be cutting ties with him already. ‘Roman Abramovich, well, I think he’s terrified of being sanctioned, which is why he’s already going to sell his home tomorrow, and sell another flat as well. ‘My anxiety is that we’re taking too long about these things.’ MORE : Thomas Tuchel reveals what Petr Cech told Chelsea squad after Roman Abramovich confirmed sale decision MORE : N’Golo Kante admits Chelsea players were ‘not prepared’ for Roman Abramovich sale decision 