If you’ve ever wondered what happens when you have too much space in your home, take a look at this mansion property that’s recently gone on sale. With 35 rooms in total, it seems the previous owners got creative with their usage, as the home boasts its own dog spa and goat creamery among other unique amenities. The property, located in New York State, spans across 37 acres boasting five bedrooms and six bathrooms, and has hit the market for $1.9 million (£1.45 million). Situated in Penfield, outside Rochester, you’re a few hours’ drive to Manhattan. That said, you may not want to leave, as there’s everything you need right on your doorstep. One standout feature in the house is its designated grooming rooms for pet dogs, where pups can be pampered with bathing, drying, brushing, nail trimming, and ear cleaning tools. Dogs aren’t the only four-legged friends who’ve got their own space here either. You can also make your own goat’s cheese at the property’s goat creamery or keep horses in the large on-site barn. If you’re tired of caring for animals, whoever purchases this colossal abode will be able to indulge in some self care instead, in their new home theatre and world-class professional gym. Exposed beams and brick walls, cathedral ceilings and sliding glass doors inside the property add character and decadence. Running with the theme, the kitchen is spacious complete with its own breakfast bar with marble flooring and wooden interior. The agent’s listing reads: ‘This World Class Masterpiece started construction in 1982 and was built for $12 million with materials sourced from around the world! ‘Custom craftsmanship & architects worked tirelessly to create this masterpiece using only the finest of materials.’ Outside there’s a spa, a hot tub, gazebos, and balconies looking over the acres of trees, helping to mimic a quiet retreat – taking you world’s away from one of the busiest cities in the world. Head to the back garden and you’ll also be greeted with two garages, a chicken coop, greenhouses, sheds, two filled koi ponds, and two garages to store your cars. Gated and with video surveillance, the property offers complete privacy while at the same time being just a short drive away from shopping. The property is listed for $1.9M (£1.45 million) with Four Seasons Sotheby’s International. Check out the listing here. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Rightmove’s most-viewed homes for sale in March include a 20-room Scottish castle MORE : How to define the rules of an open relationship