Pops of colour aren’t just for kids. Adults can play with bright makeup too, without it seeming immature. In fact, with the craze for Euphoria-style makeup and experimental MUAs on our Instagram feeds, more and more are daring to add a youthful colour accent to their makeup. Eyes are an easy way to go – with eyeliner even easier. Flick, dash, draw and smudge in shades from magenta to cobalt on the top or lower lash line. It’s this season’s most accessible step into colourful makeup. A tip for those a little nervous: draw on your usual black eyeliner, then add a thin line above it with your chosen colour. This will mute the effect slightly, making it less vibrant. So go on, grab a non-black pen, pencil or pot, and try something new. These are our top picks for those stepping into colour. Get it for £14 from Lookfantastic. The great thing about these pencils is that they can go on the eyes and lips, so you can create a monochrome look should you wish – as well as getting a two-in-one. At this price for six pencils, it’s good beginners set with a mix of colours, some more daring than others. Get it for £23 from Beauty Bay. Perhaps for a more skilled hand, wet these cake liners and use a thin brush to glide colour across the eye. These wear well over a day and can be mixed together too. Get it for £12.60 from Urban Decay. A fresh grass green could not be more suitable for spring. Sharpen for a thin line, or smudge out for a liner-eyeshadow hybrid effect. Get it for £22 from Victoria Beckham Beauty. Neon tones aren’t for everyone – and this is where Victoria Beckham makes wearing colour easy for all. Take a deep burgundy from the range or smoky olive for a subtler effect. These liners are so soft, there won’t be any drag. Get it for £17.50 from MAC. Grab a fine brush and paint away – this is one of the OG colourful liners out there. Get it for £3.99 from Lookfantastic. Unsure but curious to try the trend? Don’t invest much then, as these Barry M liners do the trick without breaking the bank. Get it for £12.95 from 3ina. Pen liners are often the easiest way to get bold colour using an unsteady hand. With a fine tip and varied shade range, this is a easy choice for a colour newbie. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Everything to know about ‘puppy eyeliner’ – the opposite of the ‘cat eye’ MORE : The chaotic eyeliner wing is the makeup trend everyone can try MORE : Woman discovers her lip liners, brow pencils and eyeliners have hidden tool to sharpen them