Eight out of 10 teachers in England are ‘crying out for the right resources’ to support young transgender students in their classrooms. Pronouns, uniforms and toilets are just some of the topics that pupils want to know more about but have no one to ask at school. With no formal LGBT+ cultural competency training, educators are often confronted with questions they do not know the answers to, leaving some feeling ’embarrassed’ or ‘completely uncomfortable’, and children ‘hushed up’. Change is happening – albeit unevenly – and some schools reach out to charities for help. Four years ago, Claire Mellon – a teacher at Brinsworth Academy in Yorkshire – found herself unable to facilitate safe and open conversations with her pupils. Instead of ignoring the problem, she created an elective Pride group for LGBT+ children with the help of Just Like Us, a charity for young gay, queer and trans people. ‘We make sure that everyone feels safe in that environment and everyone is able to speak, and share their story as, of course, we not only have LGBT+ students joining but allies too,’ she told Metro.co.uk. ‘If they are interested in attending, they send an email to our Pride address and they I direct them to where we meet, so that we do not disclose the exact place to try and protect that confidentiality. ‘It takes a lot for some of them to walk through those doors. So, they know that nothing is going to get passed on unless there is a safeguarding concern. ‘Generally, we just play games and have a chit-chat. Sometimes, students share presentations with the rest of the group, so they have started feeling a little bit more confident, which is really nice.’ There are about 40 children attending, split between two sessions every week. For trans pupils at Brinsworth, the most important thing is to have that ‘safe space where they can be themselves’ and to know that they are in control of how they want to be addressed, Ms Mellon explained. She added: ‘Usually, they direct us – the staff – as to how we can best support them. ‘Support could be as simple as answering, “Which toilet should I use?” or asking for teachers to address them by their chosen pronouns.’ The Pride groups are drop-in, so no one is forced to go, and normally they start with students writing down their preferred pronouns and names for everyone to use. According to a survey of 6,394 teachers conducted by Just Like Us, nine in 10 secondary school educators and one in four from primary schools have at least one student who has come out as trans. Unsure how to best support them, 78% of educators say they would like more help and guidance. The research also found teachers with ‘outstanding’ Ofsted ratings are more likely to say they want help and guidance with supporting trans pupils. Ryan, a 24-year-old transgender man, described being trans and ‘in the closet’ at school like ‘death by a thousand cuts’. He added he never learnt anything about LGBT+ people in the classroom. He said: ‘I realised I wasn’t cisgender in sixth form – at the time I thought I was non-binary. ‘We never learnt anything about trans people in school and I only knew one LGBT+ person outside of the internet. ‘I always felt very different in school and was bullied for being “weird” and a “lesbian” throughout my time at school. I was scared to be trans. ‘I didn’t know anyone who was trans outside of documentaries and the news. I didn’t come out during school because I was afraid of how people would react and I didn’t want to be more different than I already was. ‘Every instance of “she”, “her” or “miss” hurt but I was afraid to express this to anyone. It wasn’t until I left school that I felt able to explore my gender and came out as a genderqueer trans man.’ Independent research by Just Like Us published in November also found only a third of teachers are ‘completely comfortable’ talking in the classroom about things related to being lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans. As a result, the charity is urging schools across the UK to access free educational resources and training to set up Pride groups for LGBT+ and ally students. With a small but vocal minority of anti-trans individuals, it is often a ‘tough and terrifying’ time for young people growing up trans, Dominic Arnall, CEO of Just Like Us said. He added: ‘While we understand some might feel nervous about this there is really no reason to be. ‘You don’t need to be an expert in gender to support trans young people. ‘Just Like Us is here to help schools become more LGBT+ inclusive and may be able to help, and there are a range of trans-led organisations that are also on hand to provide advice and guidance.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.