It’s a well-known fact that Nicolas Cage is a talented man – it’s a less well-known fact that he’s completely obsessed with shortbread. Bear with us… On March 12, the veteran actor appeared on the red carpet while promoting his forthcoming movie The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent during SXSW, in Austin, Texas. The movie features Nicolas playing a fictionalised version of himself looking back over his somewhat rocky career, but this isn’t the only thing that’s meta. The actor had decided to don a red tartan suit, over a classic black T-shirt for the occasion. He controversially finished off the look with a pair of brown shoes. While walking the carpet, a reporter commented on his fetching outfit, and he was only too happy to share his inspiration. ‘I really like shortbread,’ he said. ‘And whenever I’m in England I go and get a tin can of shortbread, and I was feeling kinda happy, kinda like I was biting into some shortbread, so tonight I wanted to dress like I was a can of shortbread’. A video of the surreal moment went viral on social media, with fans living for the scenes. Many fans said that they could ‘listen to him say “shortbread” for hours’, describing the clip as ‘sublime’. Another social media user summed it up commenting: ‘This is what a genius looks like’. The star is set to appear in The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent, which sees him portraying himself. After being faced with his career going down the pan, fictionalised Nicolas begrudgingly accepts the offer to attend the birthday party of a ‘superfan’, but soon realises that all isn’t quite what it seems. The official synopsis of the movie says: ‘Nicolas Cage stars as… Nick Cage in the action-comedy The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent. ‘Creatively unfulfilled and facing financial ruin, the fictionalized version of Cage must accept a $1million offer to attend the birthday of a dangerous superfan. ‘Things take a wildly unexpected turn when Cage is recruited by a CIA operative and forced to live up to his own legend, channeling his most iconic and beloved on-screen characters in order to save himself and his loved ones. ‘With a career built for this very moment, the seminal award-winning actor must take on the role of a lifetime: Nick Cage.’ The Unbearable Weight Of Massive Talent will hit cinemas next month. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pete Davidson will soon be as far away as possible from Kanye West as he’s confirmed to head to space on Blue Origin flight next week MORE : Kim Kardashian begs Kanye West to ‘stop with this narrative’ over claims about children 