‘You’re our mum, no cap,’ read the DM on Instagram that changed my life. For over a decade I’d struggled with the hole in my heart left after my three children were taken into care – then adopted. Then, last spring, the eldest two tracked me down on social media. I read that message over and over, trying to figure out what it meant. For one, I was completely flummoxed by the phrase ‘no cap’, but a Google search told me it was slang meaning ‘for real’ or ‘no lie’. Ten minutes later, after many tears, I typed back a paragraph telling them how much they were loved and how happy I was to hear from him. ‘Oh my God, it’s finally happening,’ I thought. It was the moment I’d been waiting for for so long. I was finally getting to speak to my children. We exchanged a few more messages, and it turned out they’d found my name after going through some of their adoptive parents’ private documents Those messages were the beginning of the tentative relationship I am still working on with my eldest two children, who are now 16 and 18. I’d love to meet them one day – and hear from my youngest, now aged 12 – but I know that will be completely dependent on how they feel once they are older. I just want them to know that they were loved and wanted; I didn’t give them up voluntarily – I fought for them. As a teenager I was put into care and by the time I was 16 I was homeless, living in a tent in a patch of woodland. It was a terrifying time; I felt completely abandoned and exposed – very vulnerable with no one to turn to. Around this time I met the man with whom I had my first serious relationship. He was a little older than me, and offered to take me into his home and protect me. For the first time in years, I felt like someone cared. But he had his own problems; he drank and took drugs. It was what the authorities would call a chaotic and unhealthy lifestyle. When I fell pregnant at 17, my partner proposed and we were married quickly. When my son was born in 2004 I was just so exhausted and when the midwife put him on my chest, I felt completely overwhelmed. To me, this was the chance to have a family that wouldn’t abandon me – my chance to finally have someone to love unconditionally. By the time he turned one, however, we were struggling. My husband was drunk and abusive, and I was smoking cannabis – we reached out to Social Services for support and they helped us access things like food banks. At 19 I was pregnant again and suffering with crippling anxiety and low moods. I spent the last three months of my pregnancy in a psychiatric unit. My son was left with his dad, and was subsequently taken into care. I was confused because nobody would tell me why. When my newborn daughter was born, she was taken away from me when she was just three hours old. I was so overwhelmed, it was so much to deal with. I’d literally just given birth – I was numb and in shock. At the time I believed it was temporary, just until I got out of hospital, and that we’d be reunited within days. When it became obvious that the authorities weren’t going to give my children back I did everything I could. I left my abusive husband and sought further help for my mental health problems. Still only 19, I never really stood a chance. My son and daughter were put up for adoption and my one consolation was that they were adopted by the same family so they could stay together. I felt completely powerless. I had contact visits, which are supervised visits with the children and feel very unnatural, but the authorities never made an attempt to reunite me with my children for good. My third pregnancy, three years after my first daughter, was with a different partner. This time I did everything to prove to Social Services that I was fit to be a mum. I was even praised by the family court judge for the way I’d turned my life around. I had a clean and tidy home, and was keeping out of trouble. But all my past mistakes were brought back to haunt me, and my baby girl was taken away from me when she was just seven days old and put up for adoption with a different family from her siblings. I was told my mental health was the main risk factor. I was angry; it felt so unjust. The adoptive parents of my first two children hadn’t wanted to take a third. After losing my third baby I fell into a pit of deep, deep depression, engulfed in dark thoughts for years. Every year, I sent letters, via what’s known as ‘Letterbox Contact’ – and the adoptive parents wrote back on behalf of the children, giving me news and updates. I really clung to those letters – they were the metaphorical umbilical cord that kept us connected. Eventually, in 2017, I was diagnosed with Complex Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. It finally validated what I was experiencing and all of a sudden so many things made sense. I’ve fought long and hard to claw myself out of that depression to get to where I am today. I’m now a trained massage therapist in a loving second marriage with a husband who genuinely respects and cares for me. However, there will be no more children. I was so traumatised by what happened to me that I opted to undergo a surgical sterilisation procedure a few years ago. I just couldn’t face the thought of going through that loss again. I’d always nursed the hope that one day, when they’re old enough, my children would come to find me. After those messages from my eldest two, I reached out to their adoptive parents, via a local authority, to let them know what was going on. I was frightened of what they would say but they were actually very pleasant and allowed the contact to continue. I bear absolutely no ill will towards their adoptive parents – it’s not their fault they were given my children. In fact, I feel very lucky that they have been raised by such a loving family. Currently our contact is limited to the occasional exchange of messages. I tend to leave the ball in their court because I don’t want to cause them any upset. I get this incredible, fluttering warmth in my chest whenever I see their names popping up on my screen. My youngest child is with a different adoptive family and I’ve had no word from her at all apart from Letterbox Contact. I live in hope that one day, when she’s grown up, she might try to find me, too. I recently wrote and self published a book, called the Hyena’s Children, under a pseudonym, to speak out about my experiences. I believe I’m a victim of forced adoptions – I didn’t want to give any of my children away – and feel that with better support I could have been a mummy to them. Now I’m just determined for them to know that they were always wanted, fought for and loved As told to Jade Beecroft Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Toby Anstis sometimes wishes he hadn’t found birth mum after hiring private investigator following adoption: ‘It stirs up a lot’ MORE : We were turned down for adoption for being obese MORE : ‘Adoption wasn’t a last resort for us – we chose to welcome our son this way’