The news is an overwhelming place right now. In just one week, so much has happened. We’ve witnessed Russian troops invade Ukraine, refugees fleeing the country, civilians in hiding, towns and cities destroyed and individuals sacrificing their lives for their country. It’s a lot to process. It seems like a constant cycle of devastating updates – and this, in turn, has an impact on us. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘Watching heavy news constantly triggers a trauma reaction in the brain and this increases feelings of anxiety or insecurity about how you feel in the world,’ explains Caron Barruw, a psychotherapist at The Niche Group. If you’re feeling anxious, stressed or worried about the Russia-Ukraine war – and the state of the world generally – you’re not alone. Of course, it’s vital to acknowledge that it’s a privilege to be able to look away from the upsetting headlines as onlookers, but experts say that while it’s important to stay informed with what’s going on, it’s also vital we look after our mental health and wellbeing. So, if you need to take a break from the news right now, this is nothing to feel guilty about. Experts explain a little more on why this is important below: Caron stresses that if you are experiencing these overwhelming feelings then it’s important to limit the amount of news you are watching in order to ‘preserve the trauma in your brain.’ She says: ‘While modern technology is great for keeping people connected and updated in the world, it is dangerous to our mental health in the way that there are endless streams of news available. ‘Our whole day can be filled with heavy news across TV, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, radios, online media outlets, podcasts etc.’ Caron suggests sticking to one media outlet that you trust and setting a daily time limit. She continues: ‘For example, watch a five-minute TV news recap at the end of the day and remove all other forms of media from your reach, including deleting social media apps from your phone.’ After all, if you’re in a good mental state yourself, you’ll be better equipped to help others. Caron also stresses that you should not feel guilty for creating these boundaries. She explains: ‘People feel guilt because they feel like they should be doing something that they are not. People may feel that if they are not watching the news all day then they will be seen as not caring for what is on the agenda. ‘However, this is entirely the opposite. ‘Because it is so important to them, it causes them to feel anxious, frightened and unsafe. ‘Limiting their news intake is allowing them to feel safe in their day to day world.’ It’s also important to monitor how the news is affecting you and tune into those feelings. So pay attention to patterns of feelings and behaviours. ‘If you have chosen to watch the news at the end of the day and are finding that this is continuing to cause you trauma, perhaps it would be better to read the news online during your lunch break at work when you have other people around you to chat to, and leave the TV in the evening for something relaxing and light,’ adds Caron. It’s also worth pointing out that you can still do things to help, without being glued to the news 24/7. Caron says: ‘Rather than feel guilty for not watching the news or anxious for watching the news, channel your care into a healthy outlet – such as volunteering or donating to a charity.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Five simple ways to relieve travel anxiety MORE : How to talk to children about what’s happening in Ukraine and World War Three anxiety MORE : Children say they want lessons on coping with stress and anxiety in schools