A devastated dad screamed at a BMW driver ‘You just killed my son’ after watching him plough into his newborn baby’s pram, a court heard. Two-week-old Ciaran Morris was on his first ever outing with parents Camaron Morris and Codie Holyman, both 18, in Walsall when tragedy struck on Easter Sunday last year. Wolverhampton Crown Court heard that James Davis, 35, had been doing 67mph in a 30mph just seconds before his saloon mounted the pavement and pinned the pushchair against a wall. Horrified witnesses could be heard ‘screaming’ as they ‘desperately tried to get the car off the child’. One onlooker, Caine Edwards, was walking with his friends on Brownhills High Street when the crash happened. He told jurors: ‘I heard a bang and saw a car swerving towards us, the car hit the pram and hit the wall. I was in shock. ‘I saw Camaron shouting, “You just killed my son”.’ Despite their efforts to free the youngster and revive him, little Ciaran died in hospital soon afterwards having suffered serious injuries to his head and body. Speaking of Davis’s actions shortly after the crash, prosecutor James Curtis QC told jurors: ‘The defendant got out of his car – he was perfectly able to do that – and he ran off on foot. ‘Once at a safe distance, he approached a passer-by, saying that he had killed a baby and was going down for a long time. ‘The only explanation that he could give to the police and in the 999 call was that he thought he had had a coughing fit and passed out at the wheel.’ Davis, of Walsall, denies causing death by dangerous driving, causing death by careless driving, and causing death by driving while uninsured. Police bodycam footage was played in court showing Davis telling a police officer his passenger had seen him ‘black out’ moments before the fatal crash. He said: ‘A baby, f***s sake. I’m sorry bab. I blacked out;I was doing 20mph. I weren’t even speeding or nothing. I blacked out. I ain’t killed no one on purpose. F***ing hell man. ‘Injuries to my legs are from running through the bushes. I knew I passed because I knew it was happening, it was like a dream. ‘I was thinking I’d wake up in a minute. I heard the banging and that. When it all stopped, I was in the car, and I thought what’s happening like. ‘I was surrounded by people. My mate said I was passed out behind the wheel. If I was speeding I would be in some state, wouldn’t I? I accept I’m going to prison if somebody’s died.’ The dad-of-one was arrested at his girlfriend’s home shortly after the crash. He told PC Adams: ‘People were screaming I killed a baby, so I just wanted to see my baby before I go.’ Earlier, Mr Curtis told the court Ciaran was killed ‘by an act of exceptionally bad and dangerous driving by this defendant’ He went on: ‘First he drifted, veered, out of his side of the road, over the centre line, and struck a car which was coming in the opposite direction, on the correct side. ‘This did major damage to both cars.’ Mr Curtis added: ‘From there, the BMW swerved in a curve, on the wrong side of the road, and on to the opposite pavement, where a couple were wheeling their new baby, called Ciaran Morris. ‘The car crashed into the pushchair, the pram, before hitting the wall and inevitably stopping. ‘It caused fatal injuries to the head and body of that little child, who died in hospital soon afterwards, despite all attempts to save him.’ The prosecutor continued: ‘He was fully fit, and he was clear-headed enough, the Crown say, to invent what we say is a false defence. ‘The Crown say there is no medical excuse for this driving at all – that is fabrication. This was a classic momentary inattention or distraction, for whatever reason. ‘We say that, quite simply, he did something that made him lose control of that car – whatever it was – we may never hear the total truth as to what it was. ‘We say he is therefore guilty of the crime of causing death by dangerous driving.’ The trial continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.