Alison Hammond become incredibly emotional on Friday’s This Morning after a caller concerned for her daughter prompted the presenter to open up on her own battle with obesity. The much-loved presenter was back alongside Dermot O’Leary for the final instalment of the week, where they were joined by agony aunt, Deirdre Sanders. However, as the segment came to a close, Alison started to cry as she became particularly touched by the story from a mum who had called in. The viewer’s daughter was struggling with eating issues and often overate despite her mum frequently issuing her worries over her food habits, and seeking medical help. But she was unable to access the support she needed due to not being seen as a high priority, remaining on NHS waiting lists. Alison broke down after the call, and explained to viewers the reality of living with obesity, saying: ‘I’ve had obesity all my life, your regulation system is out of whack… ‘A lot of people don’t realise… people look down on people when people are so big, but you can’t help it when you’ve got a disease.’ Deirdre asked Alison what her advice would be to the caller’s daughter, with the host saying: ‘She needs help, the NHS needs to see it as a disease more seriously. ‘They help people who are anorexic and not overweight, that’s why people get surgery.’ Her co-star Dermot quickly comforted Alison, and praised her for telling her story, sharing: ‘You opening up, maybe that girl’s watching you!’ ‘It’s so hard and people don’t realise… I’m so sorry,’ Alison added. Fans also offered up their praise to the host, agreeing with her comments and saying the segment made them emotional. One viewer wrote on Twitter: ‘ThisMorning Well done to Alison Hammond as a presenter – showing her vulnerability about her weight and obesity has made me see her in a completely different light…really brave and honest to expose her feelings on tv!! Especially in these vacuous times!!!’ Another echoed: ‘Alison couldn’t have put it better, unless you’ve been through it yourself you don’t understand #thismorning.’ Someone else wrote: ‘Awww u don’t need to apologise Alison for emotionally relating to it #ThisMorning.’ The show took a break shortly after, and Alison addressed why she became so tearful upon its return. Dermot praised her for opening up: ‘Let me tell you this. If I’m that girl watching now… I’m picking up the phone. if I’m someone that’s going through what you’re going through…’ ‘It just got to me and I felt like I was watching it at home,’ she said. ‘You’re an inspiration and I’m very proud of you. If you can touch anyone at home, because of what you’ve experienced, that’s a good thing. No apologies from you needed,’ Dermot added, before calling her the ‘most beautiful crier.’ This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Holly Willoughby urges This Morning caller with ‘anti-breastfeeding’ parents to stand her ground: ‘This is your choice!’ MORE : Good Morning Britain viewers call for ‘fantastic’ and ‘compassionate’ Rob Rinder to replace Piers Morgan permanently 