A second attempt at a civilian evacuation of Ukraine’s strategic port city of Mariupol has failed due to continued Russian shelling. A temporary ceasefire was announced on Sunday morning for the besieged city, where an estimated 200,000 people are trapped under intensified bombardment. Interior ministry adviser Anton Gerashchenko said the planned evacuations along designated humanitarian corridors were halted because of an ongoing assault. ‘There can be no “green corridors” because only the sick brain of the Russians decides when to start shooting and at whom,’ he said on Telegram. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live It comes a day after an agreement to allow civilians to safely flee Mariupol on Saturday collapsed within hours. Instead, people had to rush back to bomb shelters after heavy shelling from Russia began again in the morning. Currently, shops are empty, and there is no power or drinking water, with residents tapping into heating systems to get water, according to Doctors Without Borders (MSF). In an audio clip from yesterday, Alex Wade, MSF’s emergency coordinator in Mariupol, says. ‘The city has been heavily shelled day and night for the last several days… supermarkets have been hit…there’s no electricity, no heating…no water.’ Mariupol mayor Vadym Boychenko said thousands of residents had gathered for safe passage of 430,000 out of the city when shelling began again on Saturday. ‘The city is in a very, very difficult state of siege’, he told Ukrainian TV. ‘Relentless shelling of residential blocks is ongoing, airplanes have been dropping bombs on residential areas. ‘The Russian occupants are using heavy artillery, including Grad multiple rocket launchers.’ Since the beginning of President Vladimir Putin’s war in Ukraine, the port city has been a strategic spot as it would create a land corridor between Crimea and the Russian-backed regions of Luhansk and Donetsk. If Mariupol falls, it means Ukraine will be cut off from the sea. Ukrainian Deputy Prime Minister Olha Stefanishyna told the BBC’s Sundar Morning programme the situation was getting ‘more and more severe’, with Russian forces shelling hospitals, nurseries and schools, and civilian homes. She said: ‘Hopefully, today we will manage to make the evacuation based on the agreement reached bilaterally between officials both on Ukrainian and Russian sides.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.