A ‘manipulative’ sex fiend who raped a vulnerable woman was on bail at the time over a similar offence. Deliveroo and Just Eat driver Luis Calado took advantage of his first victim, who had learning disabilities, after he knocked on a neighhour’s door. She then came out and he persuaded her to invite him into her home. He sexually assaulted her on the sofa while she was in her nightie, a court heard. As well, he persuaded the victim to give him her phone which he sold but kept the money for himself. The woman, who had only just started living independently from her family, plucked up the courage to tell police a year later and Calado was arrested. But he denied blame and called her a ‘filthy and disgusting human being’ on Facebook. While still on bail last August the 28-year-old raped the second vulnerable victim, described at Worcester crown court as a ‘sitting duck’. He attacked her on August 10 last year in her home. She called police and Calado was arrested days later but denied rape. He was found guilty of rape, sexual assault and two counts of assault by penetration. Jailing him for 14 years, Recorder Martin Butterworth said he had targeted ‘young women who were, to different extents, vulnerable and you saw them as women you could sexually exploit and manipulate’. Regarding the second victim, Mr Nelson said: ‘Sex was on his mind and he was going to get it, come what may. ‘Mr Calado totally ignored her protestations. He made no effort to establish whether she wanted what he was doing, made no effort to ascertain whether she was consenting. ‘He was more interested – or entirely interested – in his own gratification. ‘He is a man with a propensity to behave in this way towards women. In those moments she doubtless felt utterly powerless.’ After the rape, Calado bombarded the victim with phone calls and text messages in a bid to ‘intimidate her or normalise the situation between the two of them, knowing full well he had raped her,’ Mr Nelson said. She eventually blocked his number before reporting him to police. The court heard that both women described suffering nightmares following the attacks. Calado was also given a life-time restraining order banning him for having contact with either of his victims. In July last year Calado was also found guilty of stealing a £1,200 bicycle when he was identified by his ginger hair. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.