Sharon Osbourne is joining TalkTV alongside Piers Morgan following her exit from CBS’ The Talk. The star will host her own current affairs show, notably also named The Talk, for an hour every week night, with five ‘opinionated famous faces’ joining her to chat about the news of the day. ‘I’m excited to be working with News UK, the panel and my good friend Piers,’ she said. ‘Watch this space for some exciting and lively debates from us all.’ News UK Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks said: ‘Sharon has built a unique and hugely successful media career, combining strong views and opinion with a lot of warmth and fun. ‘Her unbounding energy will make her show compelling viewing and we are delighted to give her a new home at TalkTV.’ Taking the lead from her very opinionated pal, Sharon’s show will feature ‘outspoken views’ and ‘honest straight-talking debate’. TalkTV will launch this year and will also feature former Good Morning Britain star Piers, with his new show Uncensored. Sharon, 69, previously presented on CBS’ The Talk, but left last year after an on-screen clash with her co-host Sheryl Underwood. She had defended Piers after his controversial comments on Meghan Markle, which led to his departure from Good Morning Britain. After her controversial on-air comments last year, CBS confirmed the mother of three would be leaving The Talk, and the show itself would go on a hiatus. Following her departure, Sharon teased that she was working on a new show, but couldn’t confirm what it was – until now. In a video posted to her followers, she said: ‘I want to share that I have been signed to do a new TV show, it’ll be starting very soon and I couldn’t be happier. ‘I can’t tell you where the show is yet, and what network, because the TV company have to do that, that’s not my job. ‘Once they announce it then we can all talk about it and we can all go, “She hasn’t, she didn’t, she couldn’t,” well, I did. ‘I’ll be seeing you on TV very soon,’ she signed off. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sharon Osbourne joins TalkTV alongside Piers Morgan MORE : Sharon Osbourne thanks fans for being ‘perfect house guests’ as she celebrates The Osbournes 20th anniversary 