More than 100 diplomats walked out of a speech by the Russian Foreign Minister at the UN in protest at Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The unprecedented move left only a few diplomats left in the room to hear Sergei Lavrov’s pre-recorded message to the UN human rights forum on Tuesday. The officials – from around 40 western countries and allies including Japan, the EU, USA and Britain – walked out as Lavrov made a host of bizarre claims about the war. Those who remained in the room included Russia’s ambassador to the UN in Geneva, Gennady Gatilov, who is a former deputy to Lavrov, and envoys from Syria, China and Venezuela. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Lavrov had previously cancelled his visit due to what the Russian mission said on Monday were EU states blocking his flight path, amid a host of sanctions aimed at crippling the Russian economy and piling pressure on key figures to stop the bloodshed. Even neutral Switzerland imposed financial sanctions on Lavrov on Monday – highlighting the scale of the international outrage over an invasion Russia describes as a ‘special military operation’ aimed at dislodging ‘neo-Nazis’ ruling Ukraine. In his speech, Lavrov accused the EU of engaging in a ‘Russophobic frenzy’ by supplying lethal weapons to Ukraine during Moscow’s military campaign that began last Thursday. He also claimed that one reason Russia was attacking Ukraine was to ‘prevent the appearance of nuclear weapons and related technologies in Ukraine’. Ukraine is not a nuclear power. However, Russia has been accused of using vacuum and cluster bombs and has told its nuclear forces to be on high alert. On Tuesday, two huge explosions were seen in Kharkiv, one which sent a mushroom cloud high into the sky and another which brutally blew up a government building. Among the diplomats who walked out, Canadian Foreign Minister Melanie Joly and Danish Foreign Minister Jeppe Kofod joined Ukraine’s ambassador Yevheniia Filipenko behind a large Ukrainian blue and yellow flag. ‘It is a remarkable show of support for Ukrainians who are fighting for their independence,’ Ms Filipenko told reporters. She said there had been ‘massive destruction to civilian infrastructure’ in Kharkiv, adding: ‘The maternity wards are being attacked, civilian residential buildings are being bombed.’ Russia denies targeting any civilian sites. Canada’s Ms Joly added: ‘Minister Lavrov was giving his version, which is false, about what is happening in Ukraine and so that’s why we wanted to show a very strong stance together.’ Later on Tuesday, Canada was expected to petition the International Criminal Court over what Joly said were Russia’s ‘crimes against humanity and war crimes’. She was referring to the Hague-based court where the office of the ICC prosecutor on Monday said it would investigate into alleged war crimes in Ukraine. The U.S. envoy to the Human Rights Council, Michele Taylor, said in a statement: ‘This Russian war of aggression will have profound implications for human rights in Ukraine and Russia, and the leaders of Russia will be held accountable.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : How can I join the Ukraine foreign legion?