A bride-to-be was scarred for life at her engagement party — in an attack by her daughter. Michelle Hannon, 49, needed stitches for a 2in V-shaped cut to her face after being hit by shards of glass when a bottle was hurled by Jessica Hannon, 28, who had organised the gathering last July. Violence erupted as the party at Michelle’s house became an ‘all-day bender’, a court heard. Trouble flared between Michelle and her daughter’s boyfriend, who had been asked to leave. Drunken Hannon then pushed her mum against a cupboard before kicking her when she fell to the floor. Prosecutor Marian Lewis told Cardiff Crown Court: ‘She became involved in an argument with her mother in the kitchen as a result of which the defendant pushed her mother against a cupboard and her mother fell to the floor. ‘There was punching and kicking of her mother’s body whilst she was on the floor.’ After leaving, she threw bottles at a window, which smashed, causing the scar. Ms Lewis added: ‘During this attack, she was abusive towards her mother and also said, “I wish I did a better job the first time”.’ Hannon, of Newport, admitted a charge of wounding at Cardiff crown court. The court heard Michelle was left with ‘permanent scarring’ and a loss of sensation in her face. Ms Lewis said: ‘When she looks in the mirror, she’s constantly reminded of the incident. ‘The cut to her cheek is really sore and she has constant pins and needles in her face and a loss of sensation. ‘She also finds it difficult to go out and about. She feels people are looking at her all the time. ‘It’s also had an effect on the family, obviously, because there’s been a rift between family members.’ Hannon received an eight-month suspended jail sentence and a restraining order not to contact her mum. Judge Niclas Parry told her: ‘The least said the better Ms Hannon, but this was an almost inevitable incident when volatile people go on an all-day bender.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.