The body of a man who went missing in London 10 years ago may have been hidden in a freezer for years, detectives believe. Roy Bigg’s remains were found in the basement of a disused pub in ast London on October 15 last year. But he was initially reported missing in February 2012, aged 67 – though police have yet to establish when he was last seen. A post mortem examination was inconclusive following the grisly discovery by builders in what was Simpson’s Wine Bar on Romford Road, Forest Gate. Now officers are appealing for more information to solve the mystery of his disappearance. Detective Chief Inspector Kelly Allen said: ‘We believe that Roy’s body may have been in the freezer for a number of years. ‘Speaking to people who knew him will help us establish not only his lifestyle and habits, but also when he was last seen.’ Suggesting the victim may have been alive for years after he went missing, she continued: ‘If you knew Roy please do get in touch with us – his birth date was 8 September 1944, we believe he would have been aged around 70 when he died. ‘It doesn’t matter if it’s been a long time since you knew him, or if you only knew him briefly, any information may be of real significance to our inquiries.’ Builders working at the site discovered his remains in the freezer and he was identified through dental records. Ms Allen added: ‘We have released an image of Roy and hope that anyone who knew him will take the time to come forward and speak with us. ‘If you don’t want to speak directly to police please contact Crimestoppers anonymously, but whatever you do, please do make the call.’ Anyone who knew Mr Bigg can call police on 020 8345 1570, or tweet @MetCC, quoting reference CAD4332/15OCT21. You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or visit crimestoppers-uk.org. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Murder victim found in back garden identified as missing 42-year-old man