William Hurt has died, at the age of 71. The Oscar winner, most known for his roles in many Marvel films, Kiss of the Spider Woman and A History of Violence, died just one week before his 72nd birthday. His son, Will, confirmed the news in a heartfelt statement, revealing that he died of natural causes. ‘It is with great sadness that the Hurt family mourns the passing of William Hurt, beloved father and Oscar winning actor, on March 13, 2022, one week before his 72nd birthday,’ it read, via Deadline. ‘He died peacefully, among family, of natural causes. The family requests privacy at this time.’ Hurt began his incredible career in 1980, starring as Professor Edward Jessup in Altered States, and he landed a Golden Globe nomination for best new actor thanks to the part. He went on to appear in Eyewitness, Gorky Park and The Big Chill before his acclaimed portrayal in Kiss of the Spider Woman in 1985. In the film, he played Luis Molina – a gay man who shared a cell with a with a political prisoner in Brazil. The role was met with huge acclaim, with Hurt winning an Oscar and a Bafta for best film actor, among many other trophies. He also obtained an Oscar nomination for his stint as Tom Grunick in Broadcast news, and also appeared in A History of Violence and Vantage Point. As well as this, he was cast as General Thaddeus Ross in 2008’s The Incredible Hulk, reprising his role in Captain America: Civil War and Black Widow, as well as Avengers: Infinity War and Endgame. He also made a huge impression on the small screen, with credits in The King of Queens, Damages and Too Big To Fall. His last performance came in film The King’s Daughter alongside Pierce Brosnan – but he also had a string of projects due to go into production soon. It was announced that the Oscar winner was battling prostate cancer in 2018, which had spread to the bone. Hurt is survived by four children. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson leads Scott Hall tributes with WWE legend on life support after suffering three heart attacks MORE : Dancing on Ice 2022: Kye Whyte and Connor Ball miss out on grand final in shocking double elimination as Kimberly Wyatt sails through 