Shane Warne’s mum has broken her silence following her son’s death. The cricket star’s death was announced yesterday via a statement from his management, who revealed he had been ‘found unresponsive in his villa.’ Attempts to revive him were unsuccessful, and his cause of death was a suspected heart attack. The 52-year-old’s mum has spoken of her ‘shock’ as she spoke briefly to the Herald Sun outside her home. She told the publication: ‘We’re just in shock. We’re ok.’ Meanwhile, the premier of the Australian state of Victoria Daniel Andrews released a statement after offering a state funeral for the sports star. He said: ‘Shane Warne didn’t just inspire a cricket generation – he defined it. ‘To us, he was the greatest – but to his family, he was so much more. Our hearts are breaking for Shane’s family and friends – and they are in the thoughts of all Victorians.’ He continued: ‘I have offered a state funeral to his family so Victorians can pay tribute to his legacy and contribution to our state, community and country.’ The bowling legend was watching Australia play Test cricket just before his tragic death in Thailand. His manager, James Erskine, says Warne was starting a three-month break in Thailand following his work as a broadcaster during the recent Ashes series between Australia and England. News of his death has sent shockwaves through communities of sports fans, and tributes have poured in from celebrities. Singer Ed Sheeran revealed he spoke to the cricketer on the phone just days before he died, and he is ‘absolutely gutted’ to lose an ‘amazing friend.’ BBC Breakfast’s Dan Walker recalled having Warne on the morning show just recently, calling him ‘effervescent.’ Broadcaster Piers Morgan also paid his respects, calling Warne a ‘genius cricketer’ and ‘fantastic bloke.’ Warne retired from cricket completely in 2013 and moved into commentary and TV appearances. He leaves behind three children from a previous marriage to Simone Callahan, whom he dated before enjoying a high-profile romance with actress Elizabeth Hurley. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Hugh Jackman ‘grateful to have known’ cricket legend and friend Shane Warne in tribute following star’s sudden death age 52 MORE : Shane Warne was a pioneer, an entertainer and cricket’s greatest show on and off the field 