Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe’s daughter believes her mum will only be famous for ‘maximum a week’. Gabriella’s mother recounted the pair’s light-hearted conversation about fame in a press conference on Monday, after the Iranian-British aid worker was released from Iran. The cheeky seven-year-old ranked herself above her Dad Richard in the fame stakes, her mum explained, adding that Gabriella told her: ‘Mummy, you do realise you are very famous.’ But her daughter warned: ‘Oh you’re not going to be famous forever… maximum a week – so we’re bracing ourselves for a week of fame and then we’re just going to have a normal family.’ If that does turn out to be the case, it is likely to suit Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who added in the light-hearted anecdote that she had told Gabriella from Iran: ‘It’s not good to be famous because you want to have a normal life’. The press conference near Parliament saw the released prisoner wear the colours of the Ukrainian flag, as the 43-year-old sat next to her husband Richard and spoke about her long-running ordeal. She explained that her reunion with her husband and daughter has been ‘precious’ and ‘glorious’, but said her release should have happened six years ago. Speaking in public for the first time after returning to the UK, she looked relaxed and happy as she paid tribute to her ‘amazing, wonderful’ husband. She thanked him for ‘tirelessly’ campaigning for her freedom, while he said the family are looking forward to a ‘new chapter’. Gabriella sat in the front row at Portcullis House in central London to watch. But there was also criticism for the UK government and calls for other dual nationals to be released from Iran. Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who was detained on April 3, 2016 by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard at Imam Khomeini airport after a holiday visit with Gabriella to her parents, said she was ‘powerless’ in prison. She landed back in Britain on Thursday after the UK finally agreed to settle a £400 million debt dating back to the 1970s. During the press conference, she criticised ministers for the length of time it took to secure her release. Referencing her husband thanking the Government a few moments earlier, she said: ‘I do not really agree with him on that level.’ Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe said she had seen five foreign secretaries over the course of six years – including now Prime Minister Boris Johnson. She said this resulted in her finding it difficult to place trust in them, adding: ‘I mean, how many foreign secretaries does it take for someone to come home? Five?’ Asked if she feels angry with the Government that it took so long to get her home, she said: ‘I think the answer is clear. I cannot be happier than this that I’m here. ‘But also, this should have happened six years ago.’ Branding her experience ‘cruel’, she added: ‘It will always haunt me. There is no other way around it. It will be with me.’ But Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe did not go into detail and added that it is ‘very difficult’ for her to talk about what she has been through. She urged an end to the detention of other dual nationals still held in Iran, saying without their release ‘the meaning of freedom is never going to be complete’. Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe highlighted the continued detention of British-US national and wildlife conservationist Morad Tahbaz, who, according to his family, has gone on hunger strike after he was taken back into prison after just 48 hours on furlough. Asked about the reunion, Mr Tahbaz’s daughter Roxanne said: ‘Nazanin’s family’s been really kind and wonderful to us, so we are genuinely happy for them. ‘But obviously it does trigger something for us and it’s very, very devastating that we’re in this position. But we look at their family and their joy, and hope that we’ll have a very similar experience very soon.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : British-Iranian released on furlough under Nazanin deal back in jail