ADHD is a disorder that impacts a person’s executive functioning, making it difficult to focus or effectively manage time. Lateness and forgetfulness typically leads to well-meaning advice from loved ones or colleagues, but this often misses the mark. It’s difficult for a neurotypical person to understand how our brains are wired differently, and that although a technique has worked for them, someone with ADHD may not see the same results. Much of the guidance offered ends up being some variation of ‘make a list’. But if it was that easy, we’d all be doing it. Many adults with ADHD have no trouble creating to-do lists – it’s remembering their existence when you need a reminder that’s the problem. If that’s your experience, you may even find that lists make things worse, leaving you with a pile of disparate papers and notes app entries that are eventually forgotten. That’s not to say that you shouldn’t develop processes to streamline your days. There are plenty of techniques to stay organised, without filling your house with messy post-its and planners. We’ve rounded up some less vague productivity tips that, crucially, don’t hinge on being neurotypical to work. Whether you work alone or as part of a team, debriefing each morning can be beneficial for those with ADHD. Issues with executive dysfunction are caused by a lack of dopamine, the pleasure hormone that helps us prioritise tasks and make decisions. In the morning our dopamine levels peak, making it the best time to set intentions for the day. If you’re in a team, ask to schedule a daily check-in so everyone knows what to do and when. If you work solo, take 10 minutes when you wake up to think about what needs to be done that day, giving direction to your focus. For many people with ADHD, losing things or accumulating clutter are part of everyday life. Forget pressure to keep your home or work space spotless, but consider trying storage bins in prominent places. Rather than putting your lip balm, keys, cables, and the general ‘stuff’ you collect somewhere safe (that you never find again) pop it in the designated area. Having things in view helps keep them at the forefront of your mind, and when you get the hang of things you graduate to labelled containers for different things. Before you know it, your home will be perfect for your needs. ADHD paralysis describes the state of procrastination associated with the condition; when you know you should do something – and want to – but can’t seem to actually make any progress. Sometimes called task freeze, couch lock, or overwhelm, it’s also caused by a lack of dopamine. So if you do end up in ADHD paralysis, your best bet to break out of it is to give yourself a hit of the hormone. Don’t sit there worrying about what you’re not doing, get up and move, as even a short burst of activity like dancing or running on the spot can help. Put your favourite music on and eat a protein rich snack too. To boost motivation, many with ADHD also find that the ‘RAN’ technique is useful. This stands for Rewards, Accountability, and Novelty, and represent three ways you can alter a task to make it more attractive. That might mean rewarding yourself with your favourite food if you complete it, keeping yourself accountable by asking a friend to check up on your progress, or adding a fun element like music to your working day. Although those of us with ADHD feel like it’s hard to make decisions, it’s not that we can’t – we might just need a little extra help to get there. Turning tasks or decisions into a game of sorts can give you that push, giving you a sense of challenge to push you on. If you’ve got a big decision to make, set a timer for 15 minutes and commit to what you settle on by the time it goes off. Similarly, if there’s a task that seems insurmountable, time yourself and try to beat the clock. Sometimes, the presence of another person can help soothe an anxious mind and keep you on task. This is known as ‘body doubling’. When you’ve got tasks to complete, try having a friend or family member in the same room. They don’t need to be doing the same thing as you, or even talk loads; it’s the gentle pressure of them being there that keeps you accountable. We all learn differently, but many ADHD tips focus on reading and writing to retain information. For those who learn through interaction and auditory cues, try to get out of your head when you’re feeling confused. Reading the same line over and over just isn’t going to work, so talk about what you’re stuck on with someone and you should see things from a new perspective. Not only will a ‘launch pad’ keep your home organised, it’ll also put an end to running out the door without important items (or being late trying to find them). Designate a spot right by the door that you’ll see whenever you come in or out. When you arrive home, put everything in your pockets there, and check the launch pad every time you leave so you won’t forget things. There are tons of apps that take the hard work out of managing time. Evernote is a cloud based system where you can save and categorise files, pictures, documents, and links. It’s easily searchable so you won’t lose things, and puts an end to piles of papers or random notes. MotivAider is another great app for dealing with ADHD, allowing you to record audio reminders and play them randomly or at set intervals – particularly useful if you work alone and don’t have another person to keep you in check. You may also want to give Freedom a go. This app, only available on iOS, can be programmed to block you from certain websites or apps for set amounts of time. If your problem with lists is that they seem overwhelming, a ‘one in one out’ philosophy may improve work-related stress. While you’re completing one task, ban thoughts about other jobs from your mind. If you do find yourself ruminating over other responsibilities, get up and move before sitting back down to get back to what you were doing. Of course you should still sell yourself in professional situations. However, giving yourself a bit of leeway should improve feelings of inadequacy or pressure. ADHD makes it harder to gauge how long things will take, so try not to promise you can get work done in the time you initially come to. Add some extra on – the worst case scenario is that you finish up early and impress your managers. It’s all very well to create your own methods for improved organisation, but your bosses will likely know your habits even better than you. People with ADHD are entitled to ‘reasonable adjustments’ at work through Equality Act 2010. Modifications may include flexible start times, increased supervision and regular check-ins, scheduled movement breaks, or a buddy system. Tell your manager what you feel would make your working day run smoother, and ask them how they feel you work best too. Do they notice something you don’t about what motivates you? We often talk about ADHD in the sense of the challenges it presents, but many common traits of the disorder can work to your advantage. Play to your strengths, from being good in a crisis to making light work of short deadlines. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Adult ADHD: Diagnosis, treatment, and where to get support MORE : How to turn dyslexia into your superpower at work 