Ukraine’s president has survived ‘more than a dozen’ assassination attempts since Russia invaded. Volodymyr Zelensky has previously acknowledged he is Vladimir Putin’s ‘number one target’ and Kyiv is thought to be teaming with hitmen sent to take him out. The 44-year-old leader has defiantly refused to leave the capital, even taunting the aggressor with videos in the street and winking to the camera. Last week it was reported Western intelligence agencies believe there have been three foiled attempts on his life by Russian proxies. A report claimed disgruntled elements within Moscow’s intelligence service have tipped off Ukraine, allowing the threat to be eliminated before they get near Mr Zelensky. But the president’s aide, Mikhail Podolyak, said the number of attempts to kill him have been much higher. He told Pravda.com.ua: ‘Our foreign partners are talking about two or three attempts – I believe that there were more than a dozen such attempts.’ Mr Podolyak said the government has ‘operational information’ about Russian attempts to kill the president via its ‘very powerful network of intelligence and counterintelligence’. He also said hit squads are ‘still being eliminated’ as more information comes to light. Chechen special forces and mercenaries attached to the Kremlin-linked Wagner group are believed to have been sent to kill the president and other government figures. Before the invasion began, the US warned the Kremlin had drawn up kill lists of senior figures it would target. There are reportedly hundreds of Wagner Group soldiers – a private army which the Russian leader has been accused of using to distance himself from illegal activities – embedded in Kyiv. Boris Johnson spoke to his Ukrainian counterpart again this evening, a day after he wowed the Commons with a historic speech. Mr Zelensky spoke in Ukrainian rather than his native Russia to address parliament, the first person to do so over a live video link. Paraphrasing Winston Churchill, Mr Zelensky vowed: ‘We will continue fighting for our land, whatever the cost. We will fight in the forests, the fields, the shores and in the streets.’ Boris Johnson said Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky has ‘earned the admiration and love of the British people’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.