Hundreds of babies died or were left brain damaged because of avoidable errors at an NHS trust in England, a damning report is expected to reveal next week. At least 12 mothers also died while giving birth and some families lost more than one child amid the 300 baby deaths at the Shropshire hospital, it has been claimed. In what is considered to be the biggest maternity scandal in NHS history, officials were said to be adamant that babies should be delivered naturally, regardless of circumstances. Loved ones were ‘silenced or ignored’ following their experiences, according to a former senior midwife leading the major inquiry into maternity care – who said she was reduced to tears by some of the stories she heard. Ahead of Donna Ockenden’s findings being published, The Sunday Times reported that it would highlight a series of deaths and allegations of poor maternity care at the Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust (SaTH). The paper reported that Debbie Greenaway was repeatedly told by doctors that she should try to deliver her twin babies naturally, but by the second day of labour, the midwife was worried for one of the babies, called John. Her husband, also called John, remembers ‘the midwife shaking her head’, the Sunday Times reported. ‘She said a number of times that we should be having a caesarean’, Mr Greenaway recalled – but by the time doctors finally decided to opt for an emergency C-section, baby John had suffered a catastrophic brain injury. The boy had no pulse when he was born and efforts to resuscitate him failed. The Ockenden independent inquiry is expected to unveil a number of similar failings following a damning interim report in December 2020. Some family members are said to be suffering with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) following their experiences. The inquiry was initially set up in 2017 by the then health secretary Jeremy Hunt and is reviewing 1,862 families’ experiences. Ms Ockenden, who is currently the senior midwifery adviser to the chief executive of the Nursing and Midwifery Council (NMC), is leading the review. She told the Sunday Times: ‘There were numerous opportunities for the system to wake up and realise that there was a problem at this trust. ‘There have been a number of occasions where families tried to be heard over many years and were silenced or ignored.’ Ms Ockenden added: ‘We have seen families that have been split apart, families where relationships have been broken, cases of trauma and PTSD that have persisted for years after the event as well as terrible, terrible sadness. ‘At times, after meeting families, I went back to my hotel room and I cried.’ The interim report had highlighted a range of failures including not properly listening to parents. It found that maternity staff had caused distress to patients by using ‘inappropriate language’ and blaming grieving mothers for their loss. A spokeswoman for the team involved in the final report, due to be published on Wednesday, said they would not be making any comment before then. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : NHS begins calling 5,000,000 people for fourth Covid jab