A giant missile crashed through the roof of a house in Ukraine – and somehow only damaged the ceiling and the kitchen sink. The unexploded Russian rocket landed in a residential area in Kharkiv, the country’s second largest city, yesterday. Video footage shows someone walking into the home to see the huge missile lodged in the kitchen sink – but miraculously very little damage elsewhere, even considering the lack of explosion. A later clip shows several members of a Ukrainian bomb disposal unit inspecting the device and appearing to give it a shake, perhaps to see if it comes unstuck. Some TikTok users attempted to find some humour in the surreal situation. One person wrote: ‘When you wash the dishes and they give you more.’ Another said: ‘A fighter of Azov was sat under the sink.’ Someone else added: ‘The ceiling is incredibly solid, I don’t want to say anything, but it’s unusual.’ This is not the first time unexploded rockets have been spotted in Kharkiv – last month one was seen sticking out of the middle of a pedestrian crossing. But unfortunately many more missiles have caused huge amounts of damage, with more than 450 civilians thought to have been killed or injured in the city since the start of the war. Human Rights Watch claims Russia has been attacking the city with huge quantities of artillery and rockets in populated areas. The heavy bombardment has destroyed buildings, killed hundreds of people and forced thousands more to flee their homes. Russian troops have repeatedly tried to take control of Kharkiv, but have so far failed. Last week soldiers targeted the city from Piatykhatky, a suburb nine miles to the north, it was announced on Telegram. Oleh Sinehubov, the regional administrator for the area, said Ukranian troops were able ‘to push the enemy back beyond its previous position’, in what he described as a ‘shameful defeat’ for Russia. Local reports claimed Russian forces fired more than 60 missiles at the area last Monday. Shells hit the city’s historical centre, including its main marketplace with rescuers seen pulling the bodies of dead civilians from destroyed apartment buildings. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.