Love Is Blind viewers were left doing a joint double take in the season two reunion when Kyle Abrams confessed his regrets for not fighting for his bond with Deepti Vempati. He went on to propose to Shaina Hurley while Deepti dumped Abhishek ‘Shake’ Chatterjee at the altar in the wedding finale. Discussing his doomed romance with his ex-fiancée, Kyle dropped a huge bombshell out of nowhere with regards to the infamous pods. ‘I have a huge regret. Biggest regret is I should have asked Deepti to marry me,’ he said. ‘That’s what I learned the most. I f**ked up. ‘I should have tried harder for you. I love her so much, she’s the best. And I wish I saw what was right in front of me and that’s my biggest regret. ‘I’m sorry. And it p****s me off because [Shake] wasted such a good opportunity.’ Following Kyle’s shock announcement, fans are now convinced that the pair are actually secretly dating – thanks to some very cosy Instagram comments. Deepti posted a snap of her Netflix co-stars on her page following that heated reunion, with the caption: ‘Oh, but I did find love.’ Eyebrows were already sky high over that caption – and then Kyle slid in to ask: ‘Did you?’ Those two tiny words prompted an explosion of questions as followers rushed to get to the bottom of their relationship status. Some were adamant that Dyle (or Keepti?) are officially a couple, with a follower penning: ‘I just KNOW ya’ll are dating. The matching nose rings, the hints…’ ‘I SUPPORT THIS COUPLE 100%,’ another screamed. ‘Treat her right, sir! @lifewithdeeps you are amazing,’ a follower replied. While many more simply begged the Love Is Blind stars for answers. ‘You gotta stop messing with us,’ an Instagram user said. ‘Shoot your shot and stop playing with our emotions please… I can’t take it,’ a fan agreed. As one urged: ‘Dang it you two hahahaha just lay it out there for us we are emotionally invested.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Zoë Kravitz encountered ‘weird racist people’ while filming Big Little Lies: ‘It was such a white area’ MORE : Keanu Reeves steps into the role of Batman in new DC movie with Dwayne Johnson 