Wall panelling is all the rage with interior designers right now. The textured style adds a touch of classic elegance and luxury to any space, and when teamed with a pastel or bold colour, it can be a striking blend of modern and traditional. But getting panelled walls installed doesn’t come cheap. Depending on the size of the space it can cost hundreds in labour and materials, not to mention waiting to find a labourer who is actually available. So, the answer is to do it yourself. And it isn’t as difficult as you might think. Matthew Scoby, 28, a plant operator, and Grace Shannon, 27, a primary school teacher, were keen to pep up their living room without spending a fortune. Inspired by Pinterest, the couple, who live in Middlesbrough, panelled an entire wall – and the transformation cost them just £29. Having been told it would cost them £150 for a tradesmen to do, the couple were chuffed with their money saving efforts. ‘This panelling was something we found on Pinterest and we thought it would be perfect to bring character to the room,’ Matthew told money-saving Facebook group DIY On A Budget UK. ‘After doing some research we found that the simplest way to measure it out was to work out how large we wanted our gaps to be between each frame first and then decide how many frames we want. ‘So for this wall we went with 15cm gaps and we wanted four frames. With four frames we were left with three gaps in the middle and one on either side.’ To work out how wide they needed to cut the frames, they multiplied the size of the gap, 15cm, by the number of gaps, five – then took that number away from the width of the full wall – which was 304cm. ‘Then, all we needed to do was divide what we were left with by four and that gave us the width of each frame to cut, which turned out to be 57.25cm each,’ explains Matthew. ‘And then we followed the same process for the height of the frames, taking into account the coving and skirting board which hasn’t yet been fitted. ‘Getting our heads around the maths of planning it out was definitely the hard part, but once that was out of the way we simply needed to make our cuts and then stick them on. ‘Once we had cut all the pieces I called for my dad to come around to give us a hand holding the panels whilst we fixed them on. ‘He came up with the genius idea of cutting a piece of wood exactly as wide as the gaps we wanted and then we could use this piece of wood to both mark frames on the wall first and to also check the gaps are correct as we are fitting it.’ At first, they tried to use some some strong glue, but found the panelling was slowly peeling away as they let go. So instead they used No More Nails glue as well as some spare wardrobe tacks to keep each piece of wood in place while the glue was setting. ‘After the glue had set we took the tacks out and then added filler where needed and then painted them the wall colour,’ says Matthew. ‘One tip would be that if you don’t have a spare bit of wood you can cut to the same size of the gap, you could use something such as a square biscuit tin you have lying around, measure how wide it is and then use that size for your gaps. ‘We used 25 metres of picture frame panelling and two tubes of No More Nails glue.’ The panelling, which is called pine panel moulding, cost the couple £25 from their local timber merchant Discount DIY – and the glue was £4, so it cost them a total of £29. Matthew adds: ‘This was something which we first believed only a highly skilled tradesman could accomplish and we were told it would cost around £150 a wall to get someone in to do. ‘So after looking at the finished product we couldn’t be any more happy that we made the decision to try it ourselves. ‘We are now planning on doing the same in the hallway and up the stairs after seeing how easy it was.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum shares genius hack to get 15 minutes of peace without kids MORE : Psychologist shares five signs your relationship is over MORE : Should you do a sex fast?