Dimitar Berbatov has urged Manchester United to sign Chelsea contract rebel Antonio Rudiger and Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Marco Verratti this summer. Germany international Rudiger looks set to leave Stamford Bridge this summer and United have been one of the clubs linked with a move. The Red Devils signed former Real Madrid defender Raphael Varane last summer but the team’s defence has still struggled this season, with Harry Maguire coming in for heavy criticism and Victor Lindelof also underperforming. Rudiger, meanwhile, has been one of Chelsea’s best and most important players over the past two seasons, helping Thomas Tuchel’s side win the Champions League back in May. ‘At centre-back, obviously, I have a bit of difficulty here, but Manchester United do need to sign a centre-back,’ Berbatov told the Daily Express. ‘They have five players for that position, and still things are not going quite well. [I will say] Rudiger because I’m concentrated on him. ‘But he, based on his performances, is a good fit, honestly. He’s aggressive. He’s good on the ball, so he can be a good choice. ‘In the case of Rudiger or any player who is good enough to play in big football [games], I can see, in the case of Rudiger, him going where he can win something. ‘I cannot imagine him going places where he cannot win anything. And I’m saying this because United haven’t won the Premier League for what? Eight, nine years already? ‘So if he goes someplace else, he’s going to be looking for a team that is going to win titles, cups, medals; in the case of United, that’s hard to do now.’ Rudiger is heading for the exit door at a difficult time for Chelsea, with the Premier League club hit by sanctions to their owner Roman Abramovich this week. Given the sanctions, Chelsea are unable to sign or sell any players, have been forced to close their club shop and hotel and stop selling matchday tickets.  Manchester United are expected to go on another spending spree this summer after a difficult season under former manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and current boss Ralf Rangnick. Sitting fifth in the Premier League, the Red Devils face an uphill battle to secure a top-four spot, with fourth-placed Arsenal one point above them with three games in hand. Berbatov would like to see PSG star Verratti arrive through the doors at Old Trafford and says Kylian Mbappe and Erling Haaland are two other dream signings for his former club. The Bulgaria legend added: ‘I will say, for a striker, and this is pretty much impossible to happen, but if I were a manager in an alternative world, I would try to sign Haaland or Mbappe. ‘One of those two players for the striker position, you know, because I like to watch them. In the midfield, I would probably go for Verratti as well. ‘I like Marco Verratti. I just think he’s unbelievable on the ball with everything he’s doing.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 