A mum and her violent ex-boyfriend have been found guilty of killing her two-year-old son after their horrific abuse was captured on secret mobile phone recordings. Kyrell Matthews was subjected to repeated attacks in the weeks before he collapsed and died at his home in Thornton Heath, south London. The toddler, who was non-verbal, had 41 rib fractures and internal bleeding from a 1.6in (4cm) cut to his liver by the time of his death on October 20 2019. The fractures were caused by a twisting motion and the fatal liver injury was from a kick, punch or blow to the stomach, jurors at the Old Bailey were told. The non-fatal injuries were inflicted in at least five separate attacks over 28 days, indicating a significant period of abuse, experts said. Kyrell’s mother, Phylesia Shirley, 24, who had previously worked in children’s services at Croydon Council, admitted allowing her son to come to harm but denied his murder. Her then-partner, Kemar Brown, 28, who has a string of convictions for violence, also denied murder and causing or allowing Kyrell’s death and harm. But the case against him was helped by recordings believed to have been set up by Shirley to check if he was seeing other women.  Instead, they captured the sound of her son being abused. The court heard distressing mobile phone recordings of both adults striking Kyrell on multiple occasions. In one, Brown is heard telling the little boy to ‘shut up’, causing the toddler to cry and scream. On another occasion, Brown inflicted several blows on Kyrell before telling him: ‘You have to ruin the fun.’ Brown treated the youngster ‘almost like a punchbag in the gym’ according to Detective Chief Inspector Kate Kieran. Kyrell, who was described as a ‘happy, smiley’ child, would have expressed the pain he was suffering in the final days of his life even though he could not speak, the court heard. A jury deliberated for over three days to find Brown guilty of murder and causing or allowing Kyrell’s death. Adjourning sentencing until March 25, Judge Mark Lucraft QC said the court had heard some ‘harrowing’ recordings made by Shirley of the abuse, saying she ought to feel ‘utterly ashamed’. Prosecutor Edward Brown QC told jurors that Shirley put her relationship with Brown above her own child. He said: ‘She was prepared to reject what should have been motherly care in protecting Kyrell in favour of abuse by her – his own mother – and in favour of the abuse carried out by a man she knew was abusing her child. ‘The truth is that his death came when once more he was abused in that flat, once more in a very similar way, causing very similar injuries, except on this occasion it was so much more serious, the abuse and the results were catastrophic.’ The jury was also played a recording of Shirley’s 111 call after Kyrell collapsed at home. Shirley sobbed as she was told by a clinical adviser to use both hands and ‘push down hard and fast’ and ‘go for it’. Shirley and Brown declined to give evidence in their defence. Detective Chief Inspector Kate Kieran welcomed the verdicts for Kyrell’s family and friends, saying: ‘I hope that the conviction of both Shirley and Brown today at least giving them some peace in coming to terms with what happened to Kyrell.’ The Metropolitan Police officer said finding audio recordings of the harrowing child abuse was ‘unique’ and had affected the whole team. She said: ‘They are harrowing, there’s no other word for it. I know that the jury have had to listen to them but my investigation team had to listen to them over and over and over again, in order that we could make sure we’ve understood and heard everything on those recordings. ‘And it’s really affected the team. We all choose to become part of the murder investigation team but I’ve never, ever uncovered evidence like this in one of these cases.’ She paid tribute to the toddler, saying: ‘I obviously never knew Kyrell but we saw videos of him and pictures of him and he just looked like such a smiley, happy, loving child. ‘And that’s how I can only remember him – not the recordings that I’ve heard.’ Senior Crown Prosecutor Samantha Yelland said: ‘It’s been a horrific case for us all to work on. Kyrell was two years old and would have been able to explain the fear he was feeling, the pain he was feeling to those that cared for him. ‘We are used to dealing with cases of a serious nature on the homicide unit but this one was particularly horrific because of the graphic content of those recordings and because of the defenceless young child who couldn’t do anything to help themselves. ‘The two people who were supposed to look after him the most were those that caused injury, and in the end his death.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.