Kim Jong Un has carried out the biggest intercontinental ballistic missile test of his reign. The North Korean leader personally oversaw the firing of the weapon of mass destruction, the first of its kind since 2017. At 82 feet long, the Hwasong-17 missile is thought to be the largest rocket in existence capable of being fired from a mobile road launcher. It was first displayed during a military parade in the capital in 2020 and experts believe it may be able to travel more than 9,000 miles. If those ranges are correct, the missile would be able to strike anywhere within the US mainland. Pyongyang vowed to expand the rogue state’s ‘nuclear war deterrent’ while preparing for a ‘long-standing confrontation’ with the US. It confirmed the test, which had already been detected by South Korea and Japan. The missile was fired at a high angle to avoid the territorial waters of neighbours and reached a maximum altitude of 3,880 miles. It flew 680 miles during a 67-minute flight before landing in waters between North Korea and Japan, the official Korean Central News Agency said. The launch is the latest in a series of shows of strengths from an increasingly aggressive North Korea. Analysts say the demonstrations are designed to put pressure on the US and force the lifting of sanctions at a time the country’s economy is crippled by isolation and Covid-19 pressures. KCNA paraphrased Kim as saying that his new weapon would make the ‘whole world clearly aware’ of the North’s bolstered nuclear forces. He said his military would to acquire ‘formidable military and technical capabilities unperturbed by any military threat and blackmail and keep themselves fully ready for long-standing confrontation with the US imperialists’. The agency published photos of the missile leaving a trail of orange flames as it soared from a launcher lorry on an airport runway near Pyongyang. Kim was seen smiling and clapping as he celebrated with military officials from an observation deck. Other images showed Kim writing a memo ordering the Hwasong-17 test flight and approving the launch. South Korea’s military responded to Thursday’s launch with live-fire drills of its own missiles launched from land, a fighter jet and a ship, underscoring a revival of tensions as diplomacy remains frozen. Talks were held between US secretary of defence Lloyd J. Austin and his counterparts in South Korea and Japan in response. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.