Model and actress Sarah Jayne Dunn has been used to receiving mixed receptions in the wake of leaving disgruntled Hollyoaks to start a career on OnlyFans, on which she shares intimate images with followers. Embracing body positivity, the former Mandy Richardson star has the promotion of empowering women at the forefront of her modelling. Which is why she doesn’t stand for those responses in which she is shamed for dressing ‘sexily’ for pictures while being a mum. And why shouldn’t mothers be able to embrace their body? she argues. Sarah Jayne has no time for comments looking down on her or deeming her irresponsible and has exclusively told Metro.co.uk’s new sex based podcast Smut Drop that she gets rid of any of the negativity she receives. She told presenters Jackie Adedeji and Miranda Kane: ‘You’re an older woman and I’m trying to embrace that and flip the dialogue on that as well. ‘But you’re a mum, you still can dress sexily or be body confident. And I think it’s really important to spread that message.’ She uses the pictures, which subscribers pay to get access to, to accomplish this but she is deliberately selective on the kinds of feedback she will tolerate. ‘The negative comments that I’ve had, the main ones that I’ve had are”‘you’re a mum how can you do this? Why are you doing this?” That’s the one that niggles me the most, Sarah Jayne explains in the frank discussion. ‘I don’t really buy or respond to those comments. That tends to be just block and delete, because I don’t want that negativity ann I don’t want it reflecting onto other people. So I just get rid of it. I don’t get into Twitter and Instagram arguments, but that’s the one that I found myself going, “I want to say something”. Because why? You don’t suddenly become a mum and then go, okay. “Right, I better keep my skirts below the knee, keep my cleavage covered and I can’t be sexual.” And it’s like, well, the reason you were in the first place is because you were sexual!’ In fact, if anything, becoming a mum has made Sarah Jayne more confident than ever about her body. ‘I found becoming a mum has made me learn to love and embrace my sexuality and my body more, because I’ve learned much more about my body and actually I’m absolutely an awe of it,’ she mused. ‘And I think that’s really important to spread that message and to give women and mothers that power back to being sexual, be confident and own it. ‘Why shy away from it?’ The candid and laid back chat is the second episode of our brand new podcast at Metro.co.uk, Smut Drop. Smut Drop is available to download from all your usual places but you can listen to Sarah Jayne’s interview here on Spotify. MORE : Empowered Sarah Jayne Dunn takes requests on OnlyFans to give followers control MORE : Hollyoaks’ Sarah Jayne Dunn has ‘no regrets’ over OnlyFans decision: ‘I’m in a much happier place now’