Norwegian forest cat Sigrid may be deaf, but it doesn’t stop her getting out and about. In fact, the fluffy white moggy likes nothing more than going for a cycle – and you may even have spotted her traversing the streets of London in her owner’s handlebar basket. Software engineer Travis Nelson, 46, takes Sigrid with him when he explores the city, with the four-year-old cat attracting plenty of attention from passers-by. A typical journey for the pair will begin in Regent’s Park and end up in Jubilee Park, so Sigrid can see the sights. Travis said: ‘This is fairly normal for us! Although we usually stop for more pets. ‘She definitely loves the bike rides. She often begs at the door to go out and gets excited when I start messing with my bike. ‘She’s always happy and inquisitive when we’re out.’ Travis first took Sigrid out on his bike when he was made redundant during the pandemic, looking to try something new with his ‘best friend’. What started with training her to walk on a lead led to her being comfortable enough to relax in a basket, even wearing goggles to protect her eyes from wind. Travis now shares photos and videos of their journeys together, during his time out from work spending up to four hours a day editing content and replying to Instagram messages. Speaking to Ham and High, he said: ‘I usually describe us as best friends. We’re together all the time. Sigrid does mean a lot to me. It’s been a tough year and she’s been a big comfort. ‘It’s a little odd now, almost every time we go riding we get recognised by someone. It feels like we have friends everywhere.’ Sigrid’s unique hobby has seen them attending the Pride Ride together, as well as their picture being shown on screens on the Moscow Metro. It’s really more about the fun of it for the duo, however, and the adventurous cat has no problem making her intentions to head outside known to her owner. Travis added: ‘She always seems to love going outside. She’ll stand at the door and whine. ‘She sees me messing with my bike and she starts running around getting excited, it’s her favourite thing to do.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : I had an allergic reaction and threw up while totally nude on a first date MORE : ‘Time capsule’ house on market for £395k after 65 years in the same family