A murderer who kicked a young woman to death because she was dressed like a Goth is set to be freed from prison after 15 years behind bars. Ryan Herbert was 16 when he and a group of friends brutally attacked Sophie Lancaster in a park in Bacup, Lancashire, as she bravely cradled her boyfriend’s head, who they had also battered. Witnesses recalled the attackers gloating afterwards, with Herbert boasting that ‘there’s two moshers nearly dead up Bacup park’, adding: ‘You want to see them, they are a right mess.’ The couple’s injuries were so appalling that paramedics called to the scene were unable to tell which sex either of them was. Sophie, 20, died in hospital two weeks after the attack in August 2007 having never regained consciousness. Herbert, now aged 30, pleaded guilty to her murder, as well as GBH with intent in relation to her boyfriend Robert Maltby, and was given a life sentence. His minimum term of 16 years and three months was later reduced to 15-and-a-half years on appeal. It was further cut by another year in 2020 when a High Court judge concluded he had made ‘exceptional progress’ in jail. The Parole Board found he had made ‘significant changes to his life which reflected his remorse, his insight and increased maturity’. A document setting out the decision said: ‘After considering the circumstances of his offending and examining the evidence for the progress made while in custody, the panel was satisfied that Mr Herbert was suitable for release.’ Sophie’s mother Sylvia Lancaster, who launched a foundation in her memory to stand against violence and prejudice, said in a statement: ‘I’m obviously very disappointed in the result of the parole hearing. ‘Once again, we have a justice system that fails to deliver justice. However much progress people make in prison, they have been given their sentence in recognition of the extent of their crime. ‘The judge at the murder trial described the attack on Sophie as “feral”, with the attackers’ behaviour “savage and merciless”.’ She added: ‘Her injuries were so severe, the paramedics attending the scene could not facially distinguish if she were male or female. ‘How can you bear knowing the reality of the level of violence my daughter was subjected to, and stack that up against reducing the minimum tariff because they have done well in prison? ‘However, they have progressed, the minimum justice for the family is them serving the sentence they were given. Her attackers may not have been given a life sentence, but I have.’ Brendan Harris, who was found guilty of Ms Lancaster’s murder in 2008 and admitted the attack on Mr Maltby, was jailed for life with a minimum term of 18 years. He, Herbert and four other teenage boys ‘savagely and mercilessly attacked’ Mr Maltby in Stubbylee Park during the early hours of August 11, 2007. Gap-year student Ms Lancaster rushed to help her boyfriend as he lay unconscious and shouted at his attackers to leave him alone. Herbert and Harris then turned on her, subjecting her to a ‘sustained and vicious attack’ which involved her head being repeatedly kicked and stamped on until she too lost consciousness. It appeared the couple were attacked because they looked and dressed differently and Herbert later told people there were ‘two moshers nearly dead’ in the park, according to court hearings. At the time of his crimes Herbert had an ‘anti-social lifestyle’ and spent time with ‘negative friends’ who he had a ‘misguided sense of loyalty’ towards, drank and took drugs, the parole papers said. Herbert’s behaviour behind bars had ‘initially been poor’ but this changed once he moved into an adult prison, and he had taken part in rehabilitation programmes. After being moved into an open prison in November 2020, he ‘improved his education with studies to degree level’ and had ‘fully engaged with resettlement activities’ including spending time on temporary release from jail. He had a job and there was ‘positive feedback about his work’. The document added: ‘No concerns about compliance had been identified and Mr Herbert had good working relationships with professional staff.’ Witnesses, including his probation officer, recommended he be released on licence. Herbert, who became eligible for release in February, will be subject to restrictions on his movements, where he lives and who he contacts. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.