President Joe Biden said on Thursday he would consider himself lucky if his Republican predecessor, Donald Trump, ran against him in the 2024 presidential election. While at a news conference in Brussels, Belgium, Biden was asked about European concerns that ‘a figure like your predecessor, maybe even your predecessor himself’ could take office in 2024 and undo efforts to address Russian aggression in Ukraine. ‘The next election, I’d be very fortunate if I had that same man running against me,’ said Biden, the Democrat who defeated Trump in the 2020 election. Without naming Trump, the president also said that he does not approach foreign policy with future elections in mind. ‘No election is worth my not doing exactly what I think is the right thing,’ Biden said. ‘Not a joke. I’m too long in the tooth to fool with this any longer.’ Biden, who has worked hard to rebuild relations with Europe that were maimed during Trump’s presidency, noted that we’re a ‘long way off’ from the next presidential election. With that race far in the future, he said he is more concerned about Democrats retaining control of Congress in this year’s midterm elections. ‘But it’s not an illogical question for someone to ask,’ he added. ‘If we sat and watched the doors of the Bundestag broken down and police officers killed, and hundreds of people storming in,’ Biden said, making a reference the the January 6, 2021 attack on the US Capitol led by Trump supporters. ‘Imagine that we saw that happening in the British parliament. How would we feel?’ Trump has not yet announced whether he will be running for president again in 2024, though he has teased at the possibility during political rallies he has attended over the last year. Earlier this month, the former president was accused by a Democrat-aligned fundraising committee of spending money on his presidential campaign without actually being registered as a candidate. American Bridge, a Democratic Party political action committee (PAC), filed a complaint to the US Federal Election Commission (FEC) alleging that Trump was spending money from his PAC on events for himself when he has not officially stated whether he will be running for president again in 2024. ‘Trump is illegally funding his 2024 presidential campaign without formally announcing his candidacy,’ American Bridge said in a statement. ‘We’re holding him accountable for dodging the law.’ The Democrat PAC is arguing that Trump has effectively been raising and spending money on a future presidential campaign through his own PAC without acknowledging whether he is running. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.