Female solo travel has taken off in recent years, and it’s no surprise why. Thanks to tour companies offering tailored female-only tours, you can join groups of like-minded female adventurers and enjoy thrilling experiences in a safe and supportive environment. And seeing as it’s International Women’s Day tomorrow, it seems a fitting time to see what tours and trips are out there. From wildlife spotting in Norway to paddleboarding in Croatia here are some great trips for – and led by – women. Escape to the wilderness in Fulufjället National Park on the Norway-Sweden border. This female-only Nordic safari goes in search of Norway’s Big Four – the brown bear, wolf, lynx and wolverine, as well as elk, moose and golden eagle. Accommodation is in a giant communal tipi, which is kitted out comfortably with proper beds and facilities. Responsible Travel also offers extra excursions like white-water rafting and a trip to Dovrefjell National Park, one of the last places to see musk ox in the wild. From £960pp including airport transfers, seven nights in a comfortable tipi and all meals, via Responsible Travel. Forget testosterone-fuelled slalom races, this women-only ski trip provides a fun, supportive environment to improve your skills on the slopes. Offering more sunny days than any other ski area in Europe, the Italian Dolomites Superski area has 12 linked ski resorts, each oozing Tyrolean charm. Led by qualified instructors, these solo holidays appeal to all levels of skier but if you’re feeling brave, try Wow Ski Tours’ introduction to off-piste skiing. From £1,499pp for seven nights’ half board, including instruction and transfers via WoW Ski Tours. Led and hosted by locals, Intrepid’s new women-only tours are designed tosupport and empower women in communities impacted by the pandemic. Beginning in Marrakech, this eight-day trek through the Atlas Mountains, and in particular the spectacular M’goun Valley, explores remote villages where you can learn Berber traditions including rug weaving and henna skills. From £795pp, including accommodation, transport and most meals via Intrepid. Boost your mental and physical strength with a bunch of like-minded ladies on the GI Jane women-only boot camp in Koh Samui, Thailand. Surrounded by jungle, yet moments from Laem Sor beach, this all-inclusive boot camp is run by British military trainers. What with morning yoga on the beach, Muay Thai boxing and circuits, and the calorie-controlled Thai diet, you’ll leave feeling transformed and like you can rule the world. From £995pp for seven nights full board, optional private transfers and a full wellness programme via Health & Fitness Travel. It’s only a matter of time until we’re all cold-water swimmers so why not hone your sea skills at Surf Sistas’ Wild Swim Ibiza retreat? Led by competitive swimmer and free-diver Ruth Osborn and open-water swimming instructor and aquaphobia coach Hannah Waller, this trip will fine-tune your technique so you can build up stamina and confidence in open water. This women-only holiday includes day trips to Formentera, sunset swims and yoga classes all with a Balearic beat. From £1,340pp for five nights, including villa accommodation and all meals via Surf Sistas. Cruise Croatia’s turquoise waters with a bunch of great women on this island-hopping SUP tour of the Zadar archipelago. Bunking down on the tiny island of Molat, the three-night women-led tour, hosted by Gutsy Girls, includes SUP and sea kayaking tuition, snorkelling, guided hikes and cycle hire. At night, dine out on Croatian specialities prepared by local hosts, lashings of wine included. From £849pp for three nights, including all meals and equipment via Gutsy Girls. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : All-female cycling group recreate a 500-mile tour of the Highlands done by Scottish teens in 1936 MORE : International Women’s Day: Visit these fascinating UK places to learn about Britain’s pioneering women MORE : These are the UK’s most beautiful gardens to visit this spring