A personal trainer died after he accidentally put too much caffeine powder into his pre-workout drink. Thomas Anthony Mansfield, 29, was using caffeine powder from UK-based sports supplement company Blackburn Distributions, which tells users to measure out  60-300mg for each drink twice a day. But Thomas, from Colwyn Bay in North Wales, unknowingly used a digital scale which started at 2g – several times the maximum amount of a single serving. The dad-of-two ended up putting way too much in his drink on January 5, began ‘clutching his chest’ and lay on the sofa soon after drinking it. Then Thomas started frothing at the mouth and ran outside to ask for help, his wife Suzannah told an inquest at Ruthin County Hall on Tuesday. An ambulance rushed Thomas to hospital with a ‘grossly abnormal’ heart rhythm after he went into cardiac arrest. Doctors tried to resuscitate him multiple times but Thomas was pronounced dead from caffeine toxicity at 4pm that day. The post-mortem revealed Thomas had 392mg of caffeine per litre of blood in his body – the equivalent of hundreds of cups of coffee. Usually, people need just 78mg per litre of blood to be hit with caffeine toxicity. Senior coroner John Gittins concluded Thomas had died from a misadventure due to the unintended results of his own actions. Nevertheless, Blackburn Distributions has now started providing scoops to measure out caffeine portions. On top of the pre-measured scoops, caffeine packs now also include an A4 sheet with detailed instructions. Although Blackburn Distributions had not broken any regulations, Mr Gittons suggested Thomas would still be alive if the scoops had been provided then. Suzannah said she and the couple’s children – Tommy and Mille – were ‘absolutely heartbroken’. He said: ‘My world has been ripped apart and my kids have lost their daddy. I’ve lost the love of my life. ‘Tom passed away at the hospital, the family tried so hard but it wasn’t enough. He was my whole life I’ll never get over this. ‘You were my life Tom. I’m missing you so much and trying so hard for the kids to keep it together, I love you more than I could love anyone, I’ll always love you.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.