Unverified footage is said to show the world’s biggest plane on fire after Russian forces attacked Ukraine. Ukraine’s foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba claimed last Sunday the Antonov An-225 Mriya, a symbol of national pride, had been ‘destroyed’. ‘Russia may have destroyed our “Mriya”. But they will never be able to destroy our dream of a strong, free and democratic European state’, he said. ‘We shall prevail!’ A video released on social media allegedly shows black smoke coming out of the aircraft at the Antonov airfield in Gostomel near Kyiv. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live However, an update is expected on the exact condition of the plane. The Antonov Company retweeted the new video, writing: ‘NO NO NO NO… Currently, until the #AN225 has been inspected by experts, we cannot report on the technical condition of the aircraft. ‘Please wait for the official announcements about the condition of the aircraft.’ Ukroboronprom, which manages the Antonov company, has vowed to make ‘aggressor’ Vladimir Putin pay for repairs. ‘It will cost over $3bn to restore the plane, the restoration shall be time-consuming’, a statement read. ‘Ukraine will make every effort to ensure that the aggressor state pays for these works.’ Officials added that the Antonov AN-225 had been ‘a symbol of Ukraine’s aviation capabilities’. It is the heaviest aircraft ever built and boasts a maximum take-off weight of around 598 tonnes. Designers also gave it the largest wingspan – 88.4 m – of any airplane in operational service. Dating back to the Soviet era, the cargo plane was sometimes used to airlift humanitarian aid to other countries. It comes amid fears Russian attacks are becoming more brutal as Vladimir Putin is left furious by slow progress. Kremlin forces are accused of killing children and targeting hospitals, although some platoons and individual troops are reportedly surrendering. Russia’s foreign minister has said Moscow is ready for talks to end the fighting – but vowed to keep bombing today. President Volodymyr Zelensky previously insisted Russia stop bombing Ukrainian cities before peace talks can resume – but the Ukrainian delegation is currently en route to Belarus. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 