There were emotional scenes at the London Stadium on Sunday as Ukraine international Andriy Yarmolenko opened the scoring for West Ham against Aston Villa in his first appearance since Russia’s invasion. Yarmolenko missed Premier League matches against Wolves and Liverpool after being granted compassionate leave, with his family having been in Ukraine when Vladimir Putin attacked – though they have since managed to leave. He was named on the bench against Villa but was brought on in the 52nd minute after Michail Antonio picked up an injury. Just 20 minutes later, he managed to find the decisive breakthrough in what had a been a tight and even battle. He expertly controlled Said Benrahma’s pass into the box with his right foot and as the ball bounced back up he swivelled and poked a lovey left-footed shot towards goal all in one motion. Villa goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez got a glove to the ball but could not prevent the shot from trickling into the far corner. As the crowd went delirious, Yarmolenko walked towards the corner flag rather solemnly, lifting his arms up towards the sky before falling to his knees. While his teammates jumped in the air and fist-pumped, the Ukrainian – who has been deeply affected by the war in his homeland – held his head in his hands and his eyes filled up with tears. The celebrations quickly changed tone, with Yarmolenko’s teammates consoling and hugging him, and – after Pablo Fornals netted what proved to be the winner in a 2-1 victory – he looked emotional once again at full-time. Yarmolenko received a great reception from the West Ham fans, and told Sky Sports afterwards: ‘It was so emotional for me because of the situation in my country. It is so difficult for me right now in this moment thinking about football because every day, the Russian army is killing Ukrainian people. ‘It was so emotional. To be honest, I don’t know what to say. I just want to say thank you to my teammates, who support me all the time, every day. To West Ham fans, they also support me and Ukrainian people and also to all British people, because we feel you support us. Thank you, really. ‘I felt the support from the fans and I tried to give everything on the pitch because I know how important the game was for us today. I’m not ready for 100% because the last two weeks I train maybe three or four times. ‘Since 26 February, I had to rest for four days because it was impossible to train, I was just thinking about my family and my people. I just tried to give everything on the pitch.’ MORE : West Ham’s Ukrainian star Andriy Yarmolenko to travel to Poland to collect fleeing family MORE : Ukraine’s Andriy Yarmolenko blasts ‘s***head’ Russian players and mocks Artem Dzyuba For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 