A senior Russian army commander has been killed in fighting around Kharkiv, Ukrainian intelligence has claimed. Major General Vitaly Gerasimov, first deputy commander of Russia’s 41st army, was killed on Monday, the chief directorate of intelligence of Ukraine’s defence ministry said in a statement. He won medals for taking part in the Chechen war, the Russian military operation in Syria, and the annexation of Crimea. If confirmed, Maj Gen Gerasimov would be the second Russian general from the 41st to be killed in the past week. Andrei Sukhovetsky, also a deputy commander of the 41st army, was killed at the end of February. Ukraine says its forces have killed more than 11,000 Russian troops since the conflict began. In their daily update, the armed forces said Russian troops are ‘demoralised’ due to heavy losses in manpower and military equipment – and are even deserting in some areas. The statement said: ‘In general, the moral and psychological state of the enemy is low.’ President Volodymyr Zelensky hailed the Ukrainian resistance effort on Tuesday, saying the war was ‘like a nightmare’ for Russia. Kharkiv, Ukraine’s second-largest city with 1.4 million people, has been under sustained attack by Russian forces in recent days. In the small town of Horenka, where shelling reduced one area to ashes and shards of glass, rescuers and residents picked through the ruins as chickens pecked around them. ‘What are they doing?’ rescue worker Vasyl Oksak asked of the Russian attackers. ‘There were two little kids and two elderly people living here. Come in and see what they have done.’ Ukraine’s foreign ministry said on Monday that Russian shelling is preventing civilians being able to flee the city, as well as from Kyiv, Mariupol, Sumy, Volnovakha and Mykolayiv. It said in a statement: ‘This prevents the safe passage of humanitarian columns with Ukrainian and foreign citizens, as well as the delivery of medicines and food.’ The ministry called on foreign leaders to force Russia to observe a ceasefire to prevent what it said could be a humanitarian catastrophe. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.