A fisherman whose red diesel bill has doubled has started filling his boat at a petrol station instead. Chris Attenborough, a seventh-generation fisherman from Whitstable, Kent, says after reclaiming road duty and VAT it is now cheaper to buy normal diesel than using red diesel. His fuel bill is now £170 a day – more than double what it was previously – meaning he has had to get inventive with re-fuelling. He fills up with around 2,500 litres. After reclaiming taxes, that works out at 90p per litre. But red diesel is currently 140p so it would be £3,500. He said: ‘It’s cheaper for me to get my boat craned out of the water, cut the mast down, put it on a lorry and bring it to the petrol station and fill it up with white diesel. ‘It is going to put the price of fish up, which people can’t afford to buy already in this country, and it is going to have a major impact on our businesses. ‘We used to say we had to make £500-a-day to make it a viable business – to cover fuel, crew and the cost of the boat. Now, we’re talking £900-a-day.’ The fisherman says deliveries of red diesel can take up to three weeks as next day delivery is not guaranteed. He added: ‘How can you run a business not knowing when your fuel is going to turn up? They won’t give you an actual price until the day before delivery.’ Red diesel can be used in off-road vehicles and machinery, including fishing boats. It is illegal to use on vehicles that use public roads and has red dye added to it. Dave Ferris, 34, who is based in Queenborough, told how he has to be ‘careful of the everyday viability of going to sea’ because of the price of red diesel. He said: ‘It has increased by double what we need to catch. We will see the price of the fish go down for us and the price go up for the consumer. ‘We will be worse off financially, have to turnover more fish and more quotas we have to use up. ‘The French government has already stepped in and offered subsidies to keep the fleet sustainable. ‘Our government has just sat on their hands and let things blow over.’ Fisherman Jason Lengden, 42, said he is concerned for his livelihood and told how the current government subsidies for red diesel are ‘not enough’. He said: ‘I was born a fisherman and I will die a fisherman. ‘Whether I was born a successful fisherman and I die one is another question. ‘I will stick at fishing until I starve, and whether I starve or not is in the hands of the government.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.