The whole world watched this week as a man ‘defended’ his wife in a public outburst of rage – on stage at the Oscars, no less. From the inappropriateness of the ‘joke’, to the condemation of any sort of reactionary human-on-human violence, there have been countless opinion pieces dissecting the Will Smith/Jada Pinkett-Smith/Chris Rock situation and all of the things that were wrong with it. However, think what you will – and setting famous names aside – there was something incredibly uncomfortable about watching one half of a couple react so confrontationally, on behalf of the other. And it’s still unclear exactly how Jada feels about what went down. While the deep-rooted intention may have come from a good place, if you’ve ever been in a relationship where your partner has the tendency to lose their temper, or confront others in public, this act might have stirred some unpleasant memories for you. Rhian Kivitts is a Relate trained sex and relationship therapist. Here, she talks to Metro.co.uk about all the ways that relationships can become strained when one partner has the tendency to be confrontational when the other partner is uncomfortable with it – and what someone can do if this sounds familiar. Perhaps unsurprisingly, there are many potential negative outcomes in a relationship where one partner struggles with the other’s confrontational nature. ‘When this is the case, it can be upsetting to observe your partner becoming angry and defensive, and it may feel unsafe if you perceive that they’ve got the tendency to lose control, even when you’re not usually the target of their outbursts,’ Rhian explains. The nature of being uncomfortable with a confrontational style in a partner means that these people will also likely be less willing to raise their objections with their partner, for fear of creating more drama – which can lead to an unhealthy behavioural cycle. Rhian notes: ‘They may feel like their partner would be unwilling to listen to them, unlikely to value their opinion, or unable to conduct difficult conversations at a pace that feels appropriate.’ This can result in a sense of disconnection, she continues, because when you feel the need to be vigilant around your partner you may become guarded, which has a negative impact on your capacity to be vulnerable and intimate. ‘They may also lose respect for their partner because they would have handled difficult situations differently, and when they notice the negative outcomes that occur when confrontations don’t end well, there can also be a loss of trust,’ Rhian says. ‘Most people would agree that being in a relationship is like being part of a team. ‘So if you’re a peaceful person who doesn’t approve of confrontation, it can feel like your partner’s behaviour is a reflection of you, and that they’ve left you feeling embarrassed and let down.’ It’s important to remember that some people are naturally more willing to speak their mind and stand their ground than others. This isn’t always a negative thing. ‘Internalising our emotions can be unhealthy and create personal suffering,’ says Rhian. ‘Each of must be able to vocalise and uphold our boundaries, protect ourselves from mistreatment and to call out injustice when needed.’ And so, when a person’s expression is appropriate and they remain in control of their words and actions, this is healthy, she explains. A line is crossed, however, when a person with confrontational tendencies loses control. ‘The result is that they then express themselves without a sense of responsibility. It’s this sense of responsibility that can make all the difference – it’s like a filter that keeps confrontation productive and safe. ‘An unhealthy confrontation might look like verbal abuse, insults or swearing or a violation of space – when a person shouts in the other person’s face, for example. ‘It can also manifest in physical violence – from pushing to slapping, hitting and punching or even throwing/breaking things and using weapons. ‘The confrontation then becomes unsafe and unproductive, where the person’s motive is to frighten, attack, punish or battle against the other. ‘Their nervous system has been activated and they’re in ‘fight’ mode which means that they’re grasping at power and have lost the capacity to regulate, negotiate, compromise, learn or explore. ‘There are warning signs that can suggest an unhealthy confrontation is coming and your partner is about to erupt.’ ‘You may notice your partner’s body language becoming tense and aggressive, there may be a change in the tone and volume of their voice and they may not be leaving space for anyone else to speak,’ suggests Rhian. ‘Conversely, you may notice the tension building and sense that your partner is strangely detached and silent in the moments before a confrontation. ‘This happens because they may be experiencing an internal battle with the difficult feelings that have come up and an angry emotional charge is building up inside them. ‘The important thing for couples is to be clear on what feels appropriate and safe and to be able to work with their individual differences. How we feel about confrontation is likely to be rooted in our childhood.’ This is one reason why it’s such an emotive subject. For example, Rhian explains that someone who grew up with a confrontational parent may have come to find conflict extremely frightening – and this may inform the way they react to confrontation in adult life. Or, on the other hand, someone may have learned to be very confrontational because they grew up in a family of siblings who were always competing against each other for their parents’ attention. While another person may have had a parent who avoided confrontation at all costs, and this may have informed how they react if they feel a confrontation is about to happen. ‘Many different scenarios are possible,’ she continues. ‘It can help when couples understand where they’re each coming from, and why.’ Ultimately, when a person’s confrontational style causes distress or harm to themselves or to another person, it’s a problem. And, Rhian stresses, if it becomes a repeated pattern, it’s a huge problem that shouldn’t be ignored. When a partner creates confrontation by intervening in a situation between you and another person – even when their intention has been to defend you – when their involvement was unwanted, then this was actually a violation of your boundaries, Rhian explains. ‘You may feel like your partner has made the situation worse, embarrassed you or taken actions that you weren’t okay with,’ she tells us. ‘You may also feel like they’ve made your problem their own, and this can feel disempowering because you’ve been undermined. ‘It can also deflect from whatever the original issue was, leaving it unresolved.’ This is what we saw happen with Will Smith, Jada Pinkett-Smith and Chris Rock – rather than the attention being on Rock’s insensitive ‘joke’, it was all on Smith’s reaction. ‘This situation can cause rifts between couples,’ explains Rhian, ‘because this may not have been the kind of ‘support’ that you required.’ ‘It can help to ask your partner to leave the room, and to let them know that you don’t require their intervention on this occasion,’ says Rhian. If it’s not possible to do this in the moment, perhaps because it feels too late or because your partner’s behaviour has escalated the problem,  she advises that it can help to let your partner know that you’re leaving the room, and request that they join you. ‘Usually, it’s not helpful to discuss the events there and then, because tempers could be running too high and you may both need space to restore calm and take time to reflect, it will be important to talk about what happened afterwards,’ she notes. ‘It can help to explain how your partner’s confrontational style makes you feel and how you’d prefer to receive their support in the future.’ Rhian suggests that it may be useful to outline which of their behaviours you found inappropriate, and how you’d like them to behave instead if they feel angry or upset. ‘When your partner understands the impact of their behaviours, and the problems that their confrontational style may be causing for your relationship and in their daily life, they may be motivated to explore how they can change this,’ she says. ‘Not everybody who has a confrontational style has a problem with uncontrolled anger, but some people do. ‘In this case, they may want to consider whether therapy or anger management interventions are appropriate.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to define the rules of an open relationship MORE : How to deal with ‘singleness envy’ in a long-term relationship MORE : Are you a victim of ‘breadcrumbing’ in dating? Here’s what you need to do…