The Texas primary on Tuesday initiated the 2022 midterm election season with several marquee races including governor, attorney general and congressional seats. The primaries serve as a first read on former President Donald Trump’s influence on the Republican Party, as it’s revealed how candidates he backed fare. As polls closed statewide and results trickled in, it became clear which canddiates would face each other in the fall. With the next state primaries not until May, Americans were watching, even on the same night that President Joe Biden delivered his State of the Union address. See below for the primary results as they’re called: Texas Governor Greg Abbott easily won the Republican primary. He was called the winner by the Associated Press at 9.06pm. As of 12am Wednesday, 85% of votes were counted and Abbott had 67.2%, followed by challengers Allen West with 12.1% and Don Huffines with 11.4%. Abbott faced several Republican challengers but dominated the race thanks in part to Trump’s backing. ‘Tonight, Republicans sent a message that they want to keep Texas the land of opportunity and prosperity for absolutely everybody – the prosperity that we have delivered over the past eight years,’ Abbott told his supporters at an event late Tuesday. Meanwhile, Beto O’Rourke soared to victory in the Democratic primary, setting up a showdown with Abbott in November. AP called O’Rourke the winner in his race at 9pm. O’Rourke was a 2020 presidential candidate and a former representative for Texas’ 16th congressional district. With 71% of votes counted as of 12am, O’Rourke had 91.4%, followed by Joy Diaz with 3.2% and Michael Cooper with 3%. O’Rourke told his backers on Tuesday that he can win over independents and even Republicans. ‘I want to be the governor for each and every single one of you,’ O’Rourke said. ‘And I want to bring us together to do the big things that we are truly capable of once we get past the smallness and the cruelty and the divisiveness of this moment.’ Texas’ Republican Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick was called the winner of the Republican primary by AP. As of 12am, 78% of votes were counted and Patrick had 77.4%, followed by Daniel Miller with 6.7% and Trayce Bradford with 6.2%. Patrick was backed by Trump, as was Comptroller Glenn Hegar who was also projected to win his primary. The attorney general race has shaped out to be the most contentious Republican primary contest. Incumbent Ken Paxton could face a runoff, but it remained largely uncertain which candidate would come in second place. Among those vying for the spot are land commissioner George P Bush, Rep Louie Gohmert and former Texas Supreme Court justice Eva Guzman. As of 12am with 83% of votes counted, Paxton had 42.6%, Bush had 22.3%, Guzman had 17.9% and Gohmert had 17.1%. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.