Brits planning summer holidays to the Canary Islands this summer could see a huge boost as all coronavirus rules could be ditched. In Spain face masks are currently mandatory on public transport, most indoor public spaces and also outdoors when social distancing isn’t possible. But the Canaries’ public health director, José Juan Alemán, indicated all Covid-19 restrictions could be lifted by June, in time for the carnival in Tenerife’s Santa Cruz. He told COPE Radio: ‘The probability of a new variant of the coronavirus causing the same problems as before is very low, and it is perfectly feasible that there will be street parties and dancing, probably without masks, at the Santa Cruz carnival in June.’ The islands currently operate an ‘alerts system’ which determines the strictness of coronavirus rules. For example, Tenerife is in level three and Gran Canaria is in level four, which means there are still capacity limits in some bars and nightclubs. Mr Alemán added ‘before long the traffic light of alert levels in the Canary Islands is going to disappear’, but did not give any ideas of what date. Spain has started easing Covid-19 travel rules in recent weeks, which includes the Canary and Balearic Islands. Only fully vaccinated people from the UK were previously allowed to enter the country for holidays, but now people who are unvaccinated who have recently recovered from coronavirus are allowed to enter. Rules for unvaccinated teenagers aged between 12 and 17 have also been eased, and they can now enter with a negative PCR test result if they are travelling with vaccinated adults. Pre-travel forms and QR codes at border control are however still compulsory. And to qualify as fully jabbed, the vaccine course needs to have been within the last nine months (270 days), otherwise a booster jab is also required. Spain’s official travel website Safe Spain states: ‘From February 1, 2022, in order to travel to Spain with a vaccination certificate, the certificate must have been issued by the competent authorities of the country of origin at least 14 days after the date of administration of the last dose of the full course of vaccination, as long as the final dose of that course of vaccination was no more than 270 days ago.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.