Jim Carrey has shared his damning thoughts on the reaction after Will Smith slapped Chris Rock at the Oscars, saying Hollywood is ‘spineless en masse’. The Sonic star, 60, told US breakfast show CBS This Morning that he was ‘sickened’ that the actor was applauded and allowed to give a six-minute speech after winning an award following the incident, and says he would have sued Smith if he was in Rock’s shoes. Carrey explained: ‘I was sickened, I was sickened by the standing ovation. I felt like Hollywood is just spineless en masse and it just really felt like this is a really clear indication that we’re not the cool club anymore.’ He added that Smith ‘should have been’ arrested after hitting Rock on stage following a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett-Smith, but the comedian declined to file charges. Carrey continued: ‘He didn’t want the hassle. I’d have announced this morning that I was suing for Will for 200 million dollars because that video is going to be there forever, it’s going to be ubiquitous. That insult is going to last a very long time. ‘If you want to yell from the audience and disapprove or show disapproval or say something on Twitter, whatever. You do not have the right to walk up on stage and smack somebody in the face because they said words.’ When the host suggested the incident ‘escalated’, Carrey added: ‘It didn’t escalate, it came out of nowhere because Will has something going on inside him that’s frustrated. ‘I wish him the best, I really do. I don’t have anything against Will Smith, he’s done great things. But that was not a good moment. ‘It cast a pall over everybody’s shining moment last night. A lot of people worked really hard to get to that place and to have their moment in the sun, to get their award for the really hard work they did. It is no mean feat to go through all the stuff you have to go through when you are nominated for an Oscar. It’s a gauntlet of devotion that you have to do. ‘It was just a selfish moment that cast a pall over the whole thing.’ Smith had apologised in a statement following the event, claiming Rock’s joke about Jada – referencing GI Jane 2 due to her hair loss, which is a result of the medical condition alopecia – had made him react ‘emotionally’, adding that ‘violence in all its forms is poisonous and destructive’, adding: ‘I am a work in progress.’ The actor had stormed the stage and slapped Rock across the face after he made the joke about his wife, throwing the ceremony into chaos. The Academy has condemned Smith’s actions and launched a formal review into the incident. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jim Jefferies rips into ‘fraud’ Will Smith after Chris Rock slap: ‘His apology sucked!’ MORE : Jada Pinkett Smith finally speaks out after Oscars drama between husband Will Smith and Chris Rock over alopecia joke 