Dua Lipa is reportedly facing a second copyright lawsuit for her song Levitating, just days after another band accused her of lifting their material. Last week, the One Kiss icon was sued by reggae band Artikal Sound System after they claimed her 2020 smash hit Levitating was a ‘rip off’ of their song Live Your Life. The band names Dua, her label Warner Records and others as defendants in the case, and are seeking to claim any profits made on the song plus damages. Should they be successful, they would come into a fair amount of money, considering the track spent an impressive 68 weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 songs chart and was the number one Hot 100 song of 2021. Now the 26-year-old has been hit with yet another lawsuit, from two other songwriters claiming Dua copied their track. According to The Hollywood Reporter, songwriters L. Russell Brown and Sandy Linzer have filed a copyright lawsuit against the musician, claiming she copied two of their songs to create Levitating. A complaint reportedly filed in Manhattan federal court accuses Dua of copying their 1979 track Wiggle and Giggle All Night performed by Cory Day, and 1980 song Don Diablo, performed by Miguel Bosé. According to the songwriters, the opening melody to Levitating is a ‘duplicate’ of their songs. Their complaint, seen by the outlet, makes references to two of the songs at the centre of the case, with lawyers for Brown and Linzer writing that Dua has ‘levitated away plaintiffs’ intellectual property’, and will be unable to ‘wiggle out of their willful infringement’. Dua has spoken before about how previous eras in music inspired the sound in her Future Nostalgia album, and the songwriters claim that in doing this she ‘copied’ their creation ‘without attribution’. While it is just the opening melody to Levitating that the songwriters claim Dua ‘copied’ from them, they say this is ‘crucial’ as the track found popularity on TikTok, where the first few seconds of a song are repeated again and again as it goes viral on the platform. Lawyers for the songwriters wrote in the complaint that their clients’ ‘signature melody often comprises fifty percent or more of these viral videos’. Neither Dua nor her team have commented publicly on this new lawsuit or the one filed in Los Angeles last week. Reggae band Artikal Sound System claimed in their lawsuit that Levitating and their track Live Your Life are so similar that it was ‘highly unlikely that Levitating was created independently’. The star – who allegedly parted ways with her longtime management firm recently – is currently touring around the world for her Future Nostalgia Tour and will soon perform at London’s O2 arena. As well as the tour, the New Rules hitmaker recently revealed that she has been working on her new album and already has a ‘vision’ and a name for the record. ‘It’s still in baby form, so we’ll see as it progresses,’ she told the Wall Street Journal. ‘In all honesty, it’s probably not what my fans want to hear, but I’m in no rush.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Dua’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dua Lipa ‘sued by reggae band claiming hit Levitating rips off their 2017 song’ MORE : Dua Lipa rocks wild fashion choices as she switches from double denim to massive feathery boots for TV appearance 