Holly Willoughby has hit out at the Home Office, saying the UK is ‘clearly not doing enough’ to help Ukrainian refugees. Speaking alongside Phillip Schofield and Matthew Wright about the war in Ukraine and the amount of refugees coming into the UK and other European countries, Holly insisted the UK could be doing more. ‘I think the numbers – it’s confirmed that 500 visas have been granted so far,’ she said. ‘When you look at the amount of refugees that have crossed over into Poland alone, Matthew we are clearly not doing enough’. ‘We’re making headlines all around the world. We’re in the New York Times for our shoddy approach to the refugee issue,’ Matthew said. ‘This is not the way to respond to an emergency,’ he added. Phillip went on to ask: ‘Is this just really heartless?’ It’s been reported that just 500 visas have been granted to people fleeing Ukraine as other European nations take in record numbers of refugees. Europe minister James Cleverly said this would increase ‘very quickly’. However, former head of the army Lord Dannatt told Sky News: ‘We need to be generous, we need to be open-hearted. ‘For goodness’ sake, we’ve got an employment crisis in this country, not enough people to do jobs here. Ukrainians are well-educated people, they’re determined people — let’s be generous, open our doors and let them come here. We’ll look after them.’ In stark contrast, neighbouring Poland confirmed almost one million refugees have now been cleared at its border with Ukraine. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Holly Willoughby pays tribute to daughter on International Women’s Day as stars mark event MORE : Josie Gibson credits Holly Willoughby and Alison Hammond for soothing This Morning panic: ‘I still get nervous as hell’ 