Living next to an airport can have some perks – swift trips to the terminal and a first-hand view of take-off, for example. But for Anthony Brown, his time at home near Liverpool John Lennon Airport has hit turbulence. Holidaymakers have invaded his suburb of Speke in a bid to dodge pricey airport parking fees. It costs £4 to park directly opposite the terminal for up to 10 minutes, with the figure rising to £10 for 20 minutes and a hefty £25 for up to an hour. Hale Road and Hale Drive are often flooded with cars after people realised en masse that Speke made for an easy alternative to the expensive airport. Residents have been forced to paint makeshift yellow lines across driveways so they can park outside their homes. Some claimed they have even seen people urinating in gardens as they wait to pick people up. Anthony, who has lived in the area for the last 31 years, said: ‘It’s very frustrating. They park in between ours and next door’s car and you can’t get your car out. ‘It varies each day – it’s early morning and late at night. You get nothing and then there’s a typhoon [of cars], it seems to be happening when you’re sitting down watching something or reading. ‘I go out for 20 minutes, come back and can’t park outside my house, I have to go and park down the road. ‘It’s not just dropping people off, they go in [the airport] with them and they might stay there until the flight’s gone. They go and someone else comes in.’ Anthony also claims to have witnessed a woman peeing on a central reservation and a man urinating over a front garden. He added McDonald’s wrappers and KFC boxes are often seen strewn across gardens. The 73-year-old has moved his bedroom into the back room of his house due to constant noise from the streets below. And Michael Cox, 52, decided to move from Hale Road entirely four years ago due to the influx of airport traffic. He said: ‘They were parking across your driveway. I said to them, ‘You’re parking across my driveway,’ and they said, “I’ll only be 10 minutes.” ‘You’re inundated with 60 to 70 cars a day. They’re sitting there for two hours sometimes.’ A spokesperson from Liverpool Airport explained passengers are encouraged to use their range of parking options. There is even a free – for up to 40 minutes – dedicated drop-off point which is around the same distance away by foot from the airport terminal as Hale Road. The spokesperson said: ‘We share resident’s frustration over the behaviour of some drivers who choose to park on public roads close to the airport when picking up or dropping off passengers, when we have on site car parks specifically designated for this use. ‘Unfortunately because some cars choose to park on public roads outside of the airport, we have no control on parking in these areas or on measures to deter drivers from parking here.’ Residents have previously urged Liverpool City Council to use a dedicated traffic warden to crack down on the number of drivers parked illegally. Liverpool City Council was contacted by Metro.co.uk for comment. Over in Manchester, a holidaymaker was blamed a ‘random Range Rover’ that appeared on Zekarias Haile’s driveway last week. He said it was dumped outside his home for four days. Zekarias suspected the rogue parker flew out for a holiday and decided against paying for a space at Manchester City Airport. And elsewhere in Liverpool, a ‘selfish’ Audi driver was slammed for taking up an entire pavement to park. When challenged, the motorist claimed they had an ’emergency call’ and needed to collect their children from a local school. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 