Former President Donald Trump admitted he was ‘surprised’ that Russia invaded Ukraine and that he initially thought it was only Russian President Vladimir Putin’s ‘smart way to negotiate’. Trump, who most recently faced criticism for failing to condemn Putin for sending his forces into the Ukraine, drew attention with his comments again on Tuesday evening. ‘I’m surprised – I’m surprised. I thought he was negotiating when he sent his troops to the border. I thought he was negotiating,’ Trump told the Washington Examiner in a phone interview from his Mar-a-Lago residence. ‘I thought it was a tough way to negotiate but a smart way to negotiate.’ Trump, who appeared to work closely with Moscow when he was president, added that Putin seems ‘very much changed’ since he was in the White House. ‘I figured he was going to make a good deal like everybody else does with the United States and the other people they tend to deal with – you know, like every trade deal. We’ve never made a good trade deal until I came along,’ Trump said. ‘And then he went in – and I think he’s changed. I think he’s changed. It’s a very sad thing for the world. He’s very much changed.’ Trump also reiterated his claim that Russia would not have invaded Ukraine if he was still in the White House and denied being soft on Putin, instead saying he was ‘very critical’ of him. ‘I’ve been very, very tough on Putin. I get a bad rap on that,’ Trump said. ‘At the same time, I got along with him very well. But I got along with most (world leaders) very well.’ Trump first turned heads with his remarks on the Russia-Ukraine conflict days before Putin began a full-scale invasion of the sovereign country. On a conservative talk radio show, Trump praised the Russian president’s aggressive moves as ‘smart’ and ‘genius’. ‘I went in yesterday and there was a television screen, and I said, “This is genius.” Putin declares a big portion of the Ukraine – of Ukraine. Putin declares it as independent. Oh, that’s wonderful,’ Trump said at the time. ‘So, Putin is now saying, “It’s independent”, a large section of Ukraine. I said, “How smart is that?” And he’s gonna go in and be a peacekeeper. By contrast, other Republicans including Trump’s vice president Mike Pence and former White House national security adviser Robert O’Brien have publicly criticized Putin and said the GOP would have no sympathizers. Meanwhile, President Joe Biden has called Putin a ‘tyrant’ and imposed personal sanctions on him. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.