The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge managed to slip away from royal duties to go scuba diving with sharks in Belize during their Caribbean tour. Prince William and wife Kate donned their scuba gear to explore the underwater wildlife in the country’s beautiful barrier reef – the second largest in the world. In a rare video posted to the official Kensington Royal Twitter account, the royal couple are seen jumping off a boat and going under the water to admire the marine life. The footage shows them giving each other the ‘okay’ hand signal as nurse sharks – which are generally considered harmless to humans – swim just meters away from them. At the end of the short clip, William and Kate are seen turning towards each other and smiling as they breathed into their oxygen tanks. It was posted as the royals left Belize to head to Jamaica, where they were met with a protest calling for reparations from the British monarchy. William said the dive had been ‘really fantastic’ and hailed the ‘wonderful work’ of those helping to ensure the coral and fish are protected. He said: ‘[It’s] really fantastic to see the underwater environment here in Belize, and what wonderful work they’ve been doing to protect the coral and the fish life. ‘Belize’s work on marine protection is world-leading, which is crucial when you’re protecting the world’s second largest barrier reef, and in fact it’s a Unesco World Heritage site. ‘And it’s clear to see the Belizeans value their environment, whether it’s the marine environment or the land environment. ‘It’s great to see that their commitments are going further and further, and we should support them and value their efforts to protect both the marine and the land environments.’ In a tweet accompanying the post, it was noted that the effects of climate change in the reef ‘are evident’. It was also noted that the government of Belize and communities there ‘deserve huge recognition’ for committing to protect 30% of its marine environment by 2030. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.