Kate Middleton sampled a Bahamian delicacy on her final day in the Caribbean – a ‘conch pistol’ which is said to have the same effects as viagra. Crowds erupted in applause when Kate ate the strip of flesh, commonly said to be a male sea snail’s genitalia. Looking elegant in a pink Rixo dress, the duchess seemed to enjoy the culinary experience, saying it was ‘delicious’. ‘I’m a little bit more adventurous than William is,’ she added after the shy future King said ‘ladies first’. To say thank you to conch stall owner Jade ‘Kow’ Adderley, Kate grabbed a knife and started chopping the sea snail for a conch salad. Mr Adderley said: ‘She was a good helper. I’d like her to stay and help me at the stall.’ William then made an impromptu stop at a bar, where he was offered a Gullywash – a drink made out of coconut juice with condensed milk. ‘You guys talk amongst yourself, I’m staying here,’ he joked after sipping from the milky concoction with a boozy kick. Earlier in the day, the pair visited a church on Abaco island to hear how communities were recovering from the devastating Hurricane Dorian, which killed 2,000 people in 2019. It damaged 75% of homes across the chain of islands and some residents remain displaced two and a half years later. Kate and William were greeted by pastor Silbert Mills at the Daystar Evangelical Church, who said one of the three church buildings was ‘completely destroyed, taken off its foundation’. As they were told about the devastation caused, the duke said: ‘You must have been terrified.’ John Pinder, an Abaco MP, told them the British were some of the first to arrive with aid in the immediate aftermath and they would never forget it, the Daily Mail reported. He added: ‘Abaconians far and wide look forward to a friendship with Great Britain for many, many, many years to come.’ The royal couple also went to Abaco’s Memorial Wall to honour the many victims, where the duchess laid flowers. This was the final stop of their controversial Caribbean tour to commemorate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, which some critics have claimed was a ‘PR disaster’. Protests were staged outside the British High Commission in Kingston, Jamaica, only hours before their arrival. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.