Phillip Schofield has expressed how much he misses Holly Willoughby on This Morning following her absence due to Covid-19, admitting that they both thought they might be ‘immune’. Over the weekend, it was announced that Holly had tested positive for coronavirus, meaning that she had to miss the semi-final of Dancing On Ice, which she usually hosts with Phillip. While ITV said it was looking forward to the presenter returning for the final of the competition, she has also been forced to skip This Morning while she recovers, with Phillip joined by Josie Gibson on Monday morning. As they opened the programme, Phillip said: ‘We were absolutely convinced, both Holly and I, that having worked all the way through everything that we might be immune.’ He explained that having avoided contracting the virus throughout the pandemic, he tested positive a few weeks ago, before Holly’s positive test this weekend. ‘So she’s tested positive, she’s at home watching. It is the weirdest thing in the world when you can’t do it and you’re watching it from home. It was the same with Dancing On Ice last night. So Holly get well soon,’ he said. ‘Yeah, get well soon Hols. Sending you lots of love,’ Josie told her, as Phillip added: ‘Get back as quick as you can, but I’m very in safe hands here. So we’re going to have a good day, and we miss you.’ While Holly has yet to publicly address her absence, several fans have wished her a speedy recovery on social media. ‘Get better soon Holly,’ one person wrote, while another said: ‘Get better soon Holly. Paracetamol, fluids and plenty of rest.’ Following Josie’s stint on This Morning today, it’s been reported that Alison Hammond and Rochelle Humes may also step in this week to take Holly’s place on the show. Phillip previously tested for Covid at the end of January, forcing him to miss out on presenting This Morning and Dancing On Ice. When he returned to the morning news programme, he said: ‘You realise I am now fully antibodied up? You could lick my face… I am bullet-proof for 90 days, allegedly.’ He also revealed that he had undergone a massive clean of his kitchen to make the best use of his spare time, while also binging This Is Us, The Tinder Swindler and Don’t Mess With Cats. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Phillip Schofield went to the pub during ITV ‘security threat’ after This Morning was suddenly pulled off air MORE : Dancing on Ice 2022: Phillip Schofield sends ‘lots of love’ to co-star Holly Willoughby after she tested positive for Covid-19 