Foo Fighters’ drummer Taylor Hawkins has died aged 50, the band confirmed. Sharing a statement, they said: ‘The Foo Fighters family is devastated by the tragic and untimely loss of our beloved Taylor Hawkins. ‘His musical spirit and infectious laughter will live on with all of us forever. ‘Our hearts go out to his wife, children and family, and we ask that their privacy be treated with the utmost respect in this unimaginably difficult time.’ The band are currently in Bogota, Colombia, as part of their tour, which had been due to have dates in the UK this summer. Hawkins had been found dead in his hotel room and his cause of death is currently unknown. The group had been due to play the Festival Estéreo Picnic in the Colombian capital that evening, and fans were told via an announcement that the Foo Fighters would no longer be appearing due to a ‘serious medical condition’, according to reports from the Daily Mail. Hawkins had joined the Foo Fighters in 1997 after touring with Alanis Morissette, and had phoned frontman Dave Grohl when previous member William Goldsmith,  left the band. He joined as the Foo Fighters were completing their second album, The Colour and the Shape, which includes their iconic track Everlong, and remained a member for 25 years until his death, alongside Grohl, Nate Mendel, Pat Smear, Chris Shiflett and Rami Jaffee. Tributes flooded in for Hawkins after news of his death broke, with Ozzy Osbourne writing: ‘[Taylor Hawkins] was truly a great person and an amazing musician. ‘My heart, my love and my condolences go out to his wife, his children, his family, his band and his fans. See you on the other side – Ozzy.’ Rage Against The Machine’s Tom Morello added: ‘God bless you Taylor Hawkins. I loved your spirit and your unstoppable rock power. Rest In Peace my friend.’ The Beatles’ Ringo Starr also shared a tribute, writing: ‘God bless Taylor. Peace and love to all his family and the band peace and love.’ Billie Eilish’s brother and writing partner Finneas added: ‘So heartbroken to hear about Taylor Hawkins’ passing, what an incredible talent, who didn’t also need to be so kind and generous and cool but was all those things too anyway. ‘The world was so lucky to have his gifts for the time that it did, Rest In Peace.’ Blink 182 drummer Travis Barker wrote alongside a black and white photo of a smiling Hawkins: ‘I don’t have the words. Sad to write this or to never see you again. ‘I’ll never forget Laguna Beach days when I was a trash man playing in a punk rock band and you were playing with Alanis. ‘You’d come watch me play in dive bars and be like, “kid you’re a star”. And I thought you were crazy but you gave me so much hope and determination. Years later we toured together with Blink and Foo’s in Australia and I have the best memories of smoking cigarettes in the restroom of flights we were on together and watching your set every night. ‘To say I’ll miss you my friend isn’t enough. Till the next time we talk drums and smoke in the boys room … Rest In Peace.’ Pictures on social media showed fans gathering outside his hotel and in front of the stage at the festival, lighting candles in honour of the musician. He and the Foo Fighters were due to play at the Grammys on April 3 before beginning a tour of North America in May. Hawkins is survived by his wife Alison, who he had been married to since 2005, and their three children. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dave Grohl wanted to stage a bitter break-up ahead of a Foo Fighters reunion tour ‘just for a joke’ MORE : Foo Fighters’ Dave Grohl forced to miss BBC’s Saturday Kitchen as Storm Eunice leaves him ‘stuck in LA’ 