Dizzee Rascal has been found guilty of assaulting his former fiancee Cassandra Jones following a trial. The Bonkers rapper, real name Dylan Mills, was accused of assaulting his ex-fiancee during an altercation at a property in Streatham, south London on June 8, which he denied. It was alleged that Mills, 36, pressed his forehead against Jones’ before pushing her to the ground during a ‘chaotic’ argument. The court heard that Mills and Jones, who had been together for nine years before their split, argued when Mills dropped off their daughter on the day of the alleged assault. The pair, who split in February 2021, shared two children. Delivering her verdict, District Judge Polly Gledhill said: ‘I am satisfied so that I am sure that on June 8 that Mr Mills, on returning home with the child late lost his temper in an argument over child contact and finances.’ She added he was ‘abusive and aggressive’ and ‘assaulted her as outlined by the Crown’. He will be sentenced for assault on April 8 at Croydon Magistrates’ Court. During the trial on Monday, boxer David Haye gave evidence to support Mills’ good character. The former heavyweight champion described the musician as ‘calm and collected’ during his testimony at Wimbledon Magistrates Court. Hayes said: ‘I would describe Dylan as a stand-up and down-to-earth kind of man. Dylan is a very easy individual to get along with. ‘He remained humble, having built himself up from nothing. He would rarely be seen out at celebrity social functions for the simple reason that he prefers to stay at home and spend time with his family.’ Haye described Mills as a ‘role-model father’ and stated: ‘It is Dylan’s relationship with his children that I admire the most – despite his fame he always made time for his children. ‘I have never seen Dylan lose his temper nor display any signs of anger. He was always calm and collected, he would not let anything fluster him.’ Mills’ former girlfriend Tanya Chehrehnegary also testified on his behalf and said she was ‘shocked’ when she heard about the allegations. ‘There have been many situations where your average person would get quite defensive but he’s always dealt with things in a very calm and collected manner,’ she said. ‘Whenever we argued he would always remove himself from the situation and always end it on a funny note where I would end up laughing about something and that would be the end of it.’ During the trial, which began in February, the prosecution argued that Mills ‘barged’ his way into the property with his son under his arms before ‘screaming and shouting’ and banging his head on the fridge three times. Mills is said to have approached Jones, ‘put his forehead against hers and pushed her around the room’ and then ‘pushed her to the ground’. The musician was arrested at the scene and gave a prepared statement during a police interview in which he denied the allegations and accused Jones of causing injuries to his arm. Mills released his debut album, Boy In Da Corner, in 2003, and his seventh studio album, E3 AF, is due out on October 30. He was made an MBE for services to music in the Queen’s Birthday Honours 2020, and performed at festivals in August including Live at Lydiard in Swindon and Boardmasters in Cornwall. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eamonn Holmes uses walking stick at event with GB News co-host Isabel Webster after revealing chronic back pain battle MORE : Open All Hours actress Lynda Baron dies aged 82 