We love making pancakes. Simple ones, rainbow ones, Japanese ones, even pancakes for our pets. But the clean-up can be a bit of nightmare. And what are we meant to do with all that leftover batter? When you hit your limit and you’re just too full for one more pancake – fear not, because there are plenty of inventive and delicious things you can do with pancake mix, either later that day, or the next. The experts at UK coffee retailer Coffee Friend have unveiled six of the most popular options for how to get the best out of any leftover pancake mix – and we can’t wait to try them out: ‘Making a cake from your leftover mix is an easy way to make something doubly as delicious,’ says Aurimas Vainauskas, founder of Coffee Friend. Here’s how you do it:Add some baking soda, sugar, vanilla extract and oil to your existing mix to give it that cakier feel and taste, then butter a loaf tin and preheat the oven to 180C.Place the mix in the baking tin and top with a mixed combination of cinnamon, butter and crushed Biscoff biscuits to give your cake that crunchy topping before cooking for 30 minutes. ‘If the TikTok trend is anything to go by, many people have been inspired to make their own cereal from leftover pancake mix,’ says Aurimas.To make the latest viral sensation, just place your batter into an empty (and cleaned) ketchup bottle and squeeze small dollops into a hot, buttered frying pan. Flip when cooked. Each separate splodge should rise and cook into a tiny cereal piece.Add milk or syrup to the mix once cooled down. There you have it, pancake cereal – which you can mix with chocolate, fruit or whatever you like. Give your pancake mix a Mexican twist by turning it into quesadillas, suggests  Aurimas. Create eight small, thin pancakes with the remaining leftovers and leave on the side.Once cooled, place four of them in a greased baking tray or on baking sheets and scatter over grated cheese, sliced peppers and tomatoes. Top them with the remaining four pancakes.Place in the oven for 5 mins until the cheese melts and top with avocado, salad and any other fresh ingredients you want to accompany your quesadillas with. Similar to the quesadilla idea, your mix can be used as a pizza base. Use your leftovers to create thicker pancakes, whatever size and quantity that may be.Make sure you cook one side fully until it browns and the other side for less time. Then remove them from the pan and add tomato puree, cheese and whatever toppings you might like to the lesser cooked side.Then place them under the grill until the toppings are cooked and the cheese has melted (around five minutes) Aurimas says: ‘As most people know, pancake mix is effectively the same as what is used for Yorkshire Puddings – so this is an obvious decision.’ Place your batter into the oiled holes of a baking tray and place in the oven for 20mins on 200C.These are great for a Sunday roast or even a toad in the hole. ‘This is probably the most creative idea,’ says Aurimas. ‘You’ll need some dry pancake mix or flour for this one.’Heat a generous amount of vegetable oil in a deep-sided frying pan. Meanwhile, cover the cubed chicken breast in the flour or dry pancake mix, shaking off any excess. Then dip the covered chicken cubes in the pancake mix.Fry the pieces for two or three minutes on each side and remove from the oil and dry on some kitchen roll. Continue the process until all of the chicken is covered and cooked. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Pancake Day: The best wine pairings to go with your savoury or sweet toppings MORE : Pancake Day: How to make cat-friendly pancakes MORE : Easy four-ingredient gluten-free pancake recipe for Pancake Day