Holly Willoughby has revealed how ‘life-changing’ her new show was for the celebrities involved, with Gabby Logan, in particular, having ‘pivotal changes’ despite being ‘hard as nails.’ The This Morning presenter has been busy hosting her new series Freeze the Fear alongside comedian Lee Mack. Appearing on The One Show to give the scoop on her latest project, Holly revealed that the BBC star and former gymnast went on a ‘journey’ as she learned to ‘let go.’ Reality series Freeze the Fear will see a group of soul-searching celebs embark on an adventure of self-improvement while testing their mental strength in the style of ‘extreme athlete’ social media icon Wim Hof, aka ‘The Iceman.’ The One Show played an exclusive preview clip of broadcaster Gabby jumping into freezing water in just a swimsuit, as the other celebrities watched on in both fear and amazement. After coming back up to the surface, the presenter struggled to catch her breath, saying ‘I couldn’t breathe’ as she was encouraged to ‘relax.’ Holly said it was a challenge that ‘literally takes your breath away’ as she praised Gabby for taking on the mammoth task. ‘She’s such a strong, strong woman. She was committed, she wanted to do this. But when you hit that cold water, it literally takes your breath away so that whole thing of using your mind to control that fear is unusual,’ she said. The One Show host Alex Jones – who is friends with Gabby – added that her pal has come back from the series ‘a lot calmer.’ ‘There were some moments for Gabby throughout the series that I watched and she had pivotal changes. ‘I’m quite a controlling person and she’s got that similar thing, but with her journey with this she had to let go and trust and I think it was life-changing for her,’ said Holly. Holly also mentioned that she was reduced to tears at ‘many, many’ points during filming, with how impactful the show was as the stars took on risky challenges. Others taking part in Freeze the Fear include Strictly Come Dancing professional Dianne Buswell, rapper Professor Green, musician Alfie Boe, singer-songwriter Chelcee Grimes and weatherman Owain Wyn Evans. While Holly had no intentions of jumping into any frozen lakes on the show, she joked about heading back to the hotel while the contestants faced their fears. She and funny man Lee Mack tried out the cold showers, with Holly absolutely buzzing that she lasted longer than him. The daytime TV queen was given time off from her regular ITV hosting duties to film the exciting new show, which we won’t have long to wait for. A release date has not yet been announced, but the series will premiere on BBC soon. The One Shows airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dan Walker remembers ‘effervescent’ Shane Warne appearance on BBC Breakfast just weeks ago MORE : Alison Hammond breaks down in tears as she calls for NHS to take obesity more seriously: ‘It’s so hard and people don’t realise’ 