Chris Kamara has addressed his slurred speech on Soccer Saturday this weekend, after leaving viewers concerned for his health. The former Brentford footballer appeared in his usual hosting slot on the Sky Sports programme on Saturday, alongside his co-host Jeff Stelling. Some viewers feared Chris, affectionately known as Kammy, was suffering serious health issues as he appeared to struggle with his speech. In an update after the show, the presenter explained on Twitter: ‘Just wanted to let a few of you know who tweeted me today that I am ok ish. ‘Alongside my Thyroid problem I have developed Apraxia of Speech & have been working to get my speech back to normal. ‘Some days it can be a little slow and some days it’s normal. Hopefully I can beat this!’ His co-host Jeff showed support and replied: ‘@chris_kammy you still bring life, energy, fun and understanding to all your reportson Soccer Saturday. ‘We all love you pal. Keep going!’ BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker wrote: ‘Stay strong Kammy. Wishing you all the best.’ Labour MP Dawn Butler said: ‘Get well soon!… you’re so kind to others when they approach you for autographs etc so now it’s the time to be kind to yourself.’ Radio presenter Dave Berry tweeted: ‘Big love to you Kammy.’ Former Love Island star Chris Hughes said: ‘You got this Kammy.’ Olympic gold medallist hockey player Sam Quek and former footballer Viv Anderson were also among those sending messages of support. Chris, 64, previously had a brain scan to check if he was developing dementia after suffering from what he described as ‘brain fog’, and worried it might be related to heading the ball during his days playing football. However, his symptoms were explained by an underactive thyroid, for which he now receives treatment. Soccer Saturday airs each weekend and features rolling scores and updates from the games of every league in English and Scottish football. As well as his careers on the pitch and small screen, Chris is also a singer who has released two Christmas albums and a charity single. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Heartbroken Elizabeth Hurley holds hands with son Damian before missing ex Shane Warne’s funeral in Australia MORE : Will Smith is all smiles as he hits the red carpet with Serena and Venus Williams at Producers Guild Awards 