Tuesday is back again – showing that you’ve got through the start of the week, but aren’t quite at the halfway point. If you’ve got your star sign handy, we’re here with horoscopes to give you a boost. Time to let go, Taurus. And, Pisces, prepare for the return of an old face. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, March 8, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 You may be busy making new connections and consolidating gains associated with social activities and networking. At the same time, the continued focus on a private sector is encouraging you to compassionately deal with issues that might be a source of discomfort. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 The Moon in the tail end of your sign aligns with Pluto, which can put you in the mood to clear the decks. You might pick one small issue or item that you need to let go of and then drop it, sell it or throw it away. A conversation may be brief but very promising. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You may be thrilled by the opportunities that seem to be lining up for you. There’s much to be gained by exploring new ideas and options, and the month looks very fulfilling for you. The Moon you to listen to your feelings and run with them. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Questioning why you can’t have what you want? With lovely Venus and go-getter Mars in your sector of desire, this thought may be uppermost in your mind. It might be an idea to reflect on what you think you need. Some could seem to spring from a very soulful place and going after them may have a powerful impact. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 You can’t help but feel lucky but if you want to make use of this then do something in the next day or so that requires you to take a small risk. Your efforts, plus a little cosmic help, could bring a better-than-expected result. Today’s Gemini Moon has a very sociable vibe. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 As focused Mars moves deeper into your lifestyle sector, along with charming Venus, think about how you want your days to pan out. Mars encourages you to work on your goals and how you might easily accomplish them. Venus inspires you to consider how you like to relax. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You’ll be in the mood to go exploring in the hope of discovering something that will brighten your day – and the good news is that you might find it. A delightful blend of energies could coincide with an encounter, a coincidence or some unusual but fascinating information. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Do you have something important to share? Don’t feel you have to give away personal details until you have established a degree of trust. Under the current star map you may be too eager to talk without thinking about the consequences. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 The Gemini Moon and its links to Venus and Mars amplify the urge to communicate so this could be a busy but productive day. If you’re keen to promote an idea, this is an opportunity to make others aware of what you do. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 The Moon’s angle with Pluto could find you keen to enhance your creativity by changing your mindset. Today might be intense but this may be pointing to the fact that you are running on old tracks. New desires and options will enliven your thinking and the enthusiasm you feel can surprise and delight you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You may have work to do but today is also about taking time out to have some fun. A delightful lunar line-up could set you thinking about something that might give you and another a lot of pleasure. Whether it’s a walk in a beautiful place or a meal, doing it will leave you recharged. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Someone from the past could show up. Whether they appear in person or connect with you via social media, they may have news to share. Mind, having made contact, you might not be so eager to see them gone. If they feel the same, then good things can result this bond. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness