My Dad Wrote A Porno fans are patiently waiting for the next season of the smash hit podcast to drop, and while the return date is yet to be confirmed, they can rest easy that the world of Belinda Blinked has plenty more to come. Hosts Jamie Morton, Alice Levine and James Cooper revealed to Metro.co.uk that the bizarre sexual exploits and business dealings of Belinda Blumenthal will carry on for at least 13 books – and probably lots more – as writer Rocky Flintstone just keeps the good stuff coming. Rocky, the pseudonym of Jamie’s dad and the creator of Belinda Blinked, who remains firmly out of the limelight as he concocts the adventures of Belinda and friends in his garden pavilion, has provided so much material that the guys just can’t keep up. Alice revealed: ‘He needs no encouragement! People think we are like: “Come on, please Rocky, will you write another one?” It’s very much the reverse, where we’re like: “Thank you, we’ve received all of your huge attachments to that email, and we will get to them stat. Thanks.” Jamie adds: ‘People don’t get how quickly he writes as well. He’s up to about book 12 or 13 now and even the first six were pretty much done about five months after the podcast began. I ’It’s a ridiculous amount, so even when they’re written after the podcast, it was kind of before it really became what it is. And even to this day, frankly, he doesn’t know why it’s funny. ‘At our live shows he’s like: “Sorry, why would they laugh at that?”, and “I think that’s actually an important point that we need to cover more in detail.” It’s like dad, just drink some wine, it’s fine.’ James joked: ‘There’s also spin offs – he’ll send us character backstories. He’s building his own Cinematic Universe series – he’s seen Marvel, he’s seen Avengers and he’s thinking: “What can I do?” We do get stuff all the time. It’s kind of a steady flow of Rocky work, which is nice.’ While the font of Rocky will never run dry, Alice believes the three of them will tire of the Belinda universe before Rocky stops writing, adding: ‘If we catch up with him, we’ve done something horribly wrong. ‘If we’re still reading dad porn at 77 or 78, respectively. I think it’s time to let it go. So yeah, it’s nice to know that the well will not run dry, but I somehow think that we will bow out before Rocky does.’ My Dad Wrote A Porno has pretty much taken over the podcasting world since it began in 2015, amassing over 300 million downloads – and it’s picked up a fair few A-list fans – known as ‘Belinkers’ – along the way, too. Hamilton creator Lin Manuel Miranda being one of which who has appeared on their spin-off episode, Footnotes. Alice revealed: ‘Lin Manuel Miranda was a big one for the guys as they really know their musicals. It was also at the height of Hamilton’s fame so we managed to track him down while he was in the UK and we went and met him in Wales. The whole setup of that was so weird.’ James explained: ‘We booked this really dodgy, really cheap and possibly the worst Airbnb in Cardiff, I think. It had this metal door and it was down an alley. I don’t know where he thought he was going.’ Alice added: ‘I think we had say to him: “The door is in between two big bins.”’ Discussing inviting the three-time Grammy award winner to a back alley in Wales, Jamie admitted: ‘For him, he thinks that he knows us because he’s listened to us for years, but we could be psychopaths and we basically led him to the doors advice of some sort of ancient abattoir. I think he was like, “What the hell is this.”’ Alice added: ‘At 10.30 at night after filming! But we had such a good time with him and he was composing songs on the spot for some future My Dad Wrote A Porno musical. ‘Our relationship with people is expedited, and that’s what always surprises me. Like when Daisy Ridley from Star Wars turns up at your door, and she’s like, “Let’s do this!”, with Prosecco in hand and you’re like, “oh, yeah, she thinks that we’re pals already.” ‘For anybody else in that situation you spend the first 20 minutes warming people up and trying to open them up, and people feel like they’ve had however many hours of hanging out with us so you hit the ground running.’ ‘They’re so candid,’ Jamie adds. ‘Like we chat about stuff that they would probably never normally chat about, because they think they’re just around someone’s house for dinner, which, essentially, they kind of are around a friend’s house. ‘It’s always just a really natural chat and it’s strange to think that we’ve never met before, and it’s never once been awkward or ever been like, “Oh my god, we’re at Emma Thompson’s house.”’ Alice revealed: ‘We did the washing up as well – she was like “In this house we all help,” and we were like “yeah, of course!”, and because Greg [Wise] made the fish pie, we washed up.’ ‘And then James stole her Oscars!’, Jamie added as James protested: ’I did not steal her Oscars – they’re in the toilet downstairs! I MIGHT have touched one but there’s no proof so you can’t have me for that.’ Dropping him in it, Alice confirmed: ‘There absolutely is a selfie. There’s a whole roll of them.’ As well as the ones that have appeared on Footnotes, Jamie says that there have been plenty of rumours of other Oscar-winners who listen to the show, but wouldn’t want to ‘out someone as a pervert without confirming their true status as a Belinda stan’ without a reputable source. He added: ‘We’re like, if Lin and Emma and Daisy and Nick Hoult and Michael Sheen and Josh Groban and Dan Levy are all listening to it, the chances are people who don’t have social media are also listening to it. ‘So it’s not like beyond the realms of possibility, but we’ve always been quite starstruck when we have heard that, wow, a lot of Oscar winners are listening to really bad dad porn.’ The trio are currently on a My Dad Wrote A Porno live tour – and it’s safe to say that the fans outdo themselves when it comes to costumes on a regular basis. Revealing one of the weirder occurrences, James divulged: ‘Oh my God, there are always so many costumes. ‘We did a show in Brighton the other day and a dad, probably around Rocky’s age, came to the show having crafted a thong basically made of pubic hair with its own like willy sticking out. ‘It was weird and that’s all he came in! I mean, this man has probably got a career, he’s probably got children. He came just in this and he just sat in the audience and we got sent lots of pictures. I believe he went out afterwards to a club in that. ‘But I think everyone’s so up for it at one of our shows, it’s such a party. I think if you were sat next to him that’s like winning the lottery, to be sat next to such a hardcore Belinker. I think that’s kind of like a badge of honour to be honest!’ Jamie, James and Alice will be curating The Podcast Show 2022 where they will be hosting a day of panels, with their hand-picked guests. Alice revealed: ’It makes us sound really old but to be asked as podcast veterans, the elderly statespeople of podcasting, to curate a day is really great, because it means we can pool all of our favourite people in one place. ‘On our day, we’ve got workshop sessions, talks that are with some of the most interesting, innovative people in podcasting at the moment.’ The Podcast Show 2022 takes place from May 23-29. For more information and tickets, head to www.thepodcastshowlondon.com. For more details on the live MDWAP tour go to www.mydadwroteaporno.com. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE boss Vince McMahon reveals insane 3am workouts as he gives secret to staying in shape at 76 MORE : RuPaul’s Drag Race fans throw support behind Willow Pill after they come out as trans 