Jeremy Kyle has been spotted for the first time since a damning documentary aired about the death of a contestant who’d filmed for his talk show. The presenter, 56, was seen looking tense as he stepped out in London this week following the first episode of Death On Daytime airing. Kyle was seen wearing jeans, a white shirt and a black jacket as he got out of a taxi with a change of clothes in a suit bag. The chat show host appeared sombre as he entered a nearby building in his first public outing since the bombshell Channel 4 documentary. Death On Daytime follows the death of Steve Dymond, who took his own life days after filming for The Jeremy Kyle Show, an incident which ultimately led to the show being cancelled for good. The episode featuring Dymond, which saw him ‘fail’ a lie detector test suggesting he cheated on his ex-fiancée, never aired following his death and all past episodes were also pulled. Viewers were left furious by the documentary, which heard anonymous accounts from staff who had worked on the show as well as Dymond’s family. The documentary claims staff would lie about the results of guests’ mental health checks because they were under ‘such pressure’ to book them, with ex-producers also alleging they were denied meals until they had booked guests. Kyle, who fronted the show for 14 years, previously revealed he was taking legal action about the documentary, telling The Sun in a statement: ‘I would like to reiterate my deepest sympathies to the friends and family of Mr Dymond. ‘I’ve consistently maintained it would be inappropriate to discuss the tragic death of Steve Dymond before the legal inquest into it has concluded. ‘Likewise, the false and damaging allegations made against me by Channel 4 are with the lawyers now. ‘No doubt ITV will address the issues raised by Channel 4 around ITV’s production of The Jeremy Kyle Show themselves, it would be wrong for me to speak on their behalf. ‘Now is not the time to debate or discuss what is an ongoing legal process. When I can respond, I will.’ In response to the Channel 4 documentary, ITV said it does not ‘accept the central allegation of this programme of a ‘bad culture’ within the production team’, adding: ’ITV would never condone any of its production staff misleading or lying to guests.’ Viewers had also called for Kyle to be sacked from his current hosting gig on TalkRadio after watching the documentary. Jeremy Kyle: Death On Daytime is available to stream on All4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Kyle Show counsellor Graham Stanier fiercely defends axed series after Death On Daytime documentary: ‘It helped thousands’ MORE : ‘Jeremy Kyle shouldn’t be anywhere near a TV or radio station!’ Calls for host to be sacked from TalkRadio soar after shocking documentary 