Spring is in the air, which means it might be time to clean out your closets. Unfortunately, that’s not the easiest of tasks, especially if you’re someone who struggles with letting go of things… no matter how long they’ve wasted away in the corner. If you’re like me, you’ve probably tried multiple decluttering tips and tricks — like Marie Kondo’s famous KonMari Method™ — with varying degrees of success, but you know that actually getting rid of things is much easier said than done. For some of us, cleaning out your closet is difficult for multiple reasons. It’s not just the process of cleaning itself — although facing a jam-packed wardrobe can be daunting — it’s the idea of giving up items, even though you might not have used them in ages. I’ve definitely struggled with this over the years, and I’ve fallen into the trap of ‘but what if I need it sometime in the future’ more times than I’d like to admit. Another common obstacle to decluttering is known as the sunk cost fallacy. The sunk cost fallacy is a phenomenon in which people don’t want to abandon something — like those trousers you’ve never worn — because they’ve already paid for them, and the idea of getting rid of something you’ve purchased feels like a waste. While this kind of thinking is common, it’s also a huge obstacle to decluttering. We find ourselves holding on to things that we don’t even like simply because we’ve paid for them, when — in reality — that money is already gone. Keeping the item in your closet doesn’t bring it back, even if you think you might use it eventually, and the visual reminder of your ‘sunk cost’ can actually make it harder to let things go over time because you feel more and more guilty about never having used or worn it. I’ve always struggled with letting things go for both sentimental and functional reasons. I tried following Marie Kondo’s method, which did help me let go of some sentimental objects that were no longer bringing me joy, but I couldn’t bring myself to get rid of things that I might use or want to wear someday. Instead of forcing myself to get rid of those things, however, someone recommended adding a third category into my closet cleanout: items I wanted to keep, items I would donate or discard, and items I would hide. It might seem counterintuitive, but the concept behind this strategy is quite simple. If there are certain items you aren’t ready to throw out — because you might need them someday, you feel guilty about getting rid of something you don’t use, or you just don’t know if you like it or not — give yourself a ‘middle step’ between keeping and discarding them. This allows you to create mental space between items you’re not certain about, which can make it easier to let go of them when the time comes. I do this trick at least twice a year, and it works like a charm. Anything I’m not sure about goes into my ‘hide’ pile, which is then stored in a bag under my bed. This way I’m not forcing myself to get rid of something I’m worried I might want later, but—if I don’t use it before my next closet cleanout—then I’ve proven to myself that it’s something I won’t use. Because I’m hiding these items from view, I’m also breaking the guilt associated with the sunk cost fallacy. I don’t see the things I’m not using or wearing every single time I open my closet, so I’m not constantly reminding myself that I purchased something and never used it. In turn, this makes it much easier for me to discard or donate these items the next time I sort through my closets. The next time I sort through my closet, I pull out the bag of items that I’ve hidden and decide what to do with each one. Sometimes hiding things for a few months brings back the novelty of a clothing item that I used to love, meaning it returns to my closet and helps me refresh my wardrobe without needing to buy anything new, but many things go straight to the discard or donate pile. Occasionally there are a few items that return to the hide category — especially if it’s something expensive — but usually the bag is emptied each time. Over time, this trick helped me learn to love decluttering. I’ve reduced the amount of unworn items hanging in my closet — making getting dressed each morning a breeze — while making it easier to get rid of things at the same time. It’s also helped me reduce waste by hiding items I’m bored with only for them to become ‘new’ the next time I see them, which is far more sustainable than constantly buying new items to keep my wardrobe feeling fresh. Sure, it’s an extra step that some people might not need, but if it works for you then that’s what counts. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why minimalist living is good for your mind – and how to get started with decluttering MORE : These are the two productivity hacks I’ve tried that actually work – and that I’ve stuck to long-term MORE : This three minute ‘mindfulness break’ could help you be more productive at work