An English translator sounded like he’d broken down in tears as Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky gave an impassioned speech to the EU. The embattled leader said: ‘I am glad that we have united all of you, the countries of the European Union, today, but I did not know that it would have such a high price – it’s a tragedy for me, for every Ukrainian, for our country.’ Zelensky is still in Kyiv on day six of Russia’s invasion, having refused an offer from the US to be evacuated from his country. He received a standing ovation from the European Parliament as he delivered his speech, which made a translator get very emotional. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Zelensky said: ‘Nobody is going to break us. We are strong. We are Ukrainians. We have a desire to see our children alive. I think it’s a fair one.’ It comes after Zelensky applied for Ukraine to join the European Union, in what was hailed a ‘historic moment’. On Sunday European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said that the bloc wants Ukraine to join. She said: ‘They are one of us and we want them in.’ The country is a close ally of the European Union and has been supported by the bloc during its war with Russia. Brussels has committed to sending weapons to Ukraine – the first time it has funded military support for a nation under attack. The EU will also take Ukrainian refugees for up to three years without asking them to apply for asylum first. But whether Ukraine will be able to join the bloc would depend on the agreement of European leaders. It is not clear whether it would be able to meet Zelensky’s request for a fast-tracked application. The decision to add new countries to the EU lies with established member countries, which don’t always agree with the European Commission’s views. Calling on the EU to further prove its support, he added: ‘With us, the EU will become stronger. Ukraine will be alone without you. We will prove our strength. ‘Prove that you are with us, prove that you are Europeans. Then life will win over death, and light will win over darkness. Glory to Ukraine.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.