A huge ‘wall of flames’ is tearing through marshland near Liverpool, forcing dozens of people to evacuate their homes. Footage from the scene of the fire in Parkgate, in the Wirral, shows thick plumes of smoke billowing into the air and turning the sky orange. The blaze, suspected to have been started deliberately, is visible from Flint in North Wales 30 miles away. Police have already begun evacuating nearby homes while firefighters work to protect buildings. Footage shows the fire has reached the back garden of some houses. Eyewitnesses described the blaze spreading rapidly after breaking at around 6pm, creating a ‘wall of flames’ across the marshland. Local resident Peter Guy told the Liverpool Echo: ‘We’d just been eating a fish and chips enjoying the sunset when we turned around and saw a small fire about 300 yards away. ‘Within seconds it billowed into a huge wall of fire which ripped through the marshland – it was scary and spectacular all at the same time.’ Emergency crews were seen pumping out water onto the marshes on Saturday night in a bid to dampen the fire’s ability to spread. There are fears of a devastating ecological impact as marshland is home to a nature reserve. Wirral charity Horse Sense says it has communicated with police and is on standby to receive any wildlife as necessary. By 10pm the huge flames had died down along with the crowds, which earlier lined the Parkgate front, according to journalists at the scene. Hundreds of pubgoers and residents had spilled onto the seawall for a closer look at the fire, which at its height spanned around 500 square metres of marsh. Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service said six fire engines were on site with firefighters initially battling two areas of fire with beaters and hoses. However, at around 9.20pm it said one fire engine had withdrawn and crews were leaving the fire to burn due to unstable ground. Meanwhile,  fire breaks have been set up to protect nearby properties. The fire service also said police have been advised it is suspected that the fire was started deliberately and a fire investigator is due to attend. People have taken to social media to express their horror, with one Twitter user describing the fire as a ‘dreadful sight’. Another wrote: ‘This is terrible and a disaster for wildlife at the start of the breeding season.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.