A rapist who spiked women’s drinks has finally been jailed after a six-year battle for justice. Bradley Carman, 22, humiliated and degraded his two victims, leaving one of them suicidal, in 2016. After spiking them a friend laughed as he filmed Carman raping the women and the footage was shared online. No charges have ever been brought against the person behind the camera. Carman claimed sex was consensual and denied the charges meaning his victims had to relive their ordeal at a trial in Canterbury in December. However, he was convicted of three counts of rape and jailed for over seven years. Carman, who was 17 at the time, either slipped chemicals into his victims’ drinks or made them as strong as possible to knock the two women unconscious. Speaking about her suicidal thoughts, one victim said: ‘I thought death was my only way out’. The other victim told the court the attack stripped her of confidence and left her with anxiety and trust issues. During the trial, one victim said she was knocked unconscious after just one-and-a-half drinks. She said: ‘We had one-and-a-half drinks and after that I don’t remember what happened. ‘I remember coming to and Bradley was on top of me, I don’t remember what [happened] in between. ‘I was really, really out of it. I wasn’t in the right position, I didn’t say no, I didn’t say yes either. I couldn’t do anything to stop it, I wasn’t in the right position to say no. ‘Someone was filming it, I remember someone filming it, it was dark and he had his flash on, laughing.’ His second victim said she was set upon after becoming unwell when she finished her drink. She added: ‘[It started] getting really weird, we started to feel not necessarily paralytic, but it wasn’t right.’ The court heard they both reported the attacks in the following months, claiming their drinks may have been spiked. Carman’s barrister Kieran Brand claimed the victims’ evidence was ‘inconsistent’ and said they behaved in a ‘reckless, impulsive manner’. He claimed they had felt ‘shameful’ once the video of the incident began circulating. Judge Mark Weekes told him: ‘There was evidence from both [during your trial] that it was recorded by your friend, and while you might not be responsible for that, you were a willing and enthusiastic participant. ‘You chose to fight this trial on what I deemed to be the clearest and compelling evidence.’ He sentenced Carman using guidelines for young offenders given his age at the time and he will be on the sex offenders’ register for life. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.