Paris Saint-Germain cannot succeed in the Champions League under any manager because too many of their players simply do not care enough, believes former Liverpool and Real Madrid star Steve McManaman. The Ligue 1 giants were in cruise control of their Champions League last 16 clash with Real Madrid on Wednesday night, 1-0 up at half time of the second leg and 2-0 ahead on aggregate. With 30 minutes to go of the tie, though, they disintegrated, with defensive mistakes contributing to a quickfire Karim Benzema hat-trick which saw Real win 3-1 on the night and book their spot in the last eight in dramatic fashion. It is another season without Champions League glory for PSG, despite boasting the talents of Lionel Messi, Kylian Mbappe and Neymar up front, and McManaman believes it is the star names that are costing them with player power out of control at the club. ‘The players are too powerful. They were too powerful under Thomas Tuchel, too powerful under Unai Emery, too powerful under this man [Mauricio Pochettino],’ McManaman said on BT Sport. ‘They can’t get told off and when the going gets tough, they do not care. ‘They play where they want to play. The top three are amazing footballers but they don’t work hard, they do not work hard when the going gets tough.’ McManaman does not lay the blame at the feet of manager Mauricio Pochettino, saying no boss can succeed with this squad, despite the immense talent within. The Scouser feels Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel is the prime example, as he has shown his managerial talents at Stamford Bridge after leaving Paris. ‘The manager has no power over this team,’ he continued. ‘He has no power over the front three, over [Marco] Veratti, Marquinhos, because we’ve seen managers come and go and they cannot sort this out. ‘It’s such a short term fix going to PSG. You go, get knocked out of the Champions League early, get sacked and go on to bigger and better things. ‘Just like Thomas Tuchel’s done. We know how good he is as a manager, because he’s shown us. But no one can do it with this team until they change the personnel. ‘They can have one or two up there, but can’t have four or five who don’t fancy it when the going gets tough, no chance.’ MORE : Karim Benzema hat-trick stuns PSG and sends Real Madrid into Champions League quarter-finals MORE : Real Madrid will launch offer for Kylian Mbappe TONIGHT if Paris Saint-Germain eliminate them from the Champions League For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 