Lady Gaga has taken a moment to honour House of Gucci hair stylist Frederic Aspiras after he was nominated for an Oscar for the flick. The Bad Romance singer, 35, was snubbed in the best actress category for her role as Patrizia Reggiani in Ridley Scott’s drama, but made sure to shout-out her colleague. Taking to Instagram, she shared a snap of Frederic with fans, heaping praise on his efforts off camera. ‘I celebrate today in honour of ACADEMY AWARD NOMINEE @fredericaspiras who is responsible for all the hair artistry for my character Patrizia in House Of Gucci,’ she began. ‘Frederic we are all so honoured to share in your talent, creativity, and kindness. Your imagination and discipline is unmatched. ‘You are everyday our winner! Congratulations my brother! The second Asian-American Oscar nominated hair stylist in history!! Love, LG and Haus of Gaga WE LOVE YOU.’ Touched by the shout-out, he replied: ‘I LOVE YOU! ❤️❤️❤️ #HAUSOFGAGA.’ House of Gucci is based on the 2001 book The House of Gucci: A Sensational Story of Murder, Madness, Glamour and Greed by Sara Gay Forden, and follows the true story of Maurizio Gucci’s (Adam Driver) murder. His ex-wife Patrizia Reggiani (Gaga) was convicted of hiring the hitman who killed him in 1995 after their marriage fell apart. It also focuses on the bitter drama and jealousy riddled in the Gucci family, which eventually lost them their empire. Despite a lot of buzz, House of Gucci was in total nominated for just one award at this year’s ceremony, landing a nod in makeup and hairstyling. Fans were left shocked when Gaga – real name Stefani Germanotta – was left off of the best actress short list, despite being a firm favourite, and landing plenty of other nods at the SAGs and Baftas. Kristen Stewart is among the huge names in the category, thanks for her portrayal of Princess Diana in Spencer. She’ll be up against Jessica Chastain for The Eyes of Tammy Faye, Olivia Colman for The Lost Daughter, Penelope Cruz for Parallel Mothers, and Nicole Kidman for Being The Ricardos. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Oscars 2022 live: How to watch, who is hosting, and start time MORE : Piers Morgan compares mum to Sean Penn in tongue-in-cheek Mother’s Day tribute 