Bastille singer Dan Smith has worn the colours of the Ukrainian flag to the 2022 NME Awards, saying that he felt ‘strange’ coming to the awards ceremony during Russia’s war on Ukraine. While attending the star-studded event at O2 Academy Brixton in London on Wednesday evening, the musician donned a pin featuring blue and yellow, as well as a T-shirt showing with the colours of the flag in the shape of a heart. Dan’s show of solidarity with Ukraine comes as Vladimir Putin’s forces intensify their attacks on cities including Kyiv and Kharkiv, amid explosions and violent clashes that have reportedly resulted in 2,000 civilians being killed. While talking on the red carpet, Dan said: ‘Like everyone else, I have just been glued to the news and to Twitter for the last few days, for the last few weeks. Seeing what is happening in Ukraine unfurling is absolutely horrendous.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Speaking to PA news agency, he said that it felt ‘a bit strange’ coming to the NME Awards, which he said is ‘meant to be fun and celebratory about music’, adding: ‘It is innately quite frivolous.’ As he addressed why he chose to wear the pin in support of Ukraine, he said that it was ‘a way to show to anyone who is watching that we are massively thinking about everyone in Ukraine and doing everything we can to lend our support and try and fundraise for an absolutely horrendous situation that is completely unthinkable’. Bastille have urged their fans on social media to donate to causes, such as Unicef and War Child UK. Speaking about the platform that he and other well-known musicians have, Dan stated: ‘We are just a bunch of guys in bands but I feel like there is this platform to try and, hopefully in a non-exhaustive way, talk about things that matter and help in whatever tiny, minuscule way we can. ‘Because ultimately we all watch things like this happening on the news and this f** war… you can’t help but feel incredibly helpless.’ The 35-year-old added that it is ‘just a natural human instinct to try and be vaguely useful in whatever way we can’. Last night, video footage appeared to show a terrifying explosion in a Ukrainian city, as a mushroom-shaped cloud rose in the sky and shockwaves were sent through the air. There was no suggestion that the blast was nuclear, although it was unclear what type of explosion it was. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ryan Reynolds ‘can’t imagine the torment’ following $1,000,000 pledge to help Ukrainian refugees MORE : Strictly Come Dancing’s Motsi Mabuse horrified over racial abuse towards Black people at Ukraine border: ‘Don’t forget them’ 