Ahead of Outlander season 6 debuting its first – feature-length – episode on Starzplay, stars Richard Rankin and Sophie Skelton, who play Roger and Brianna MacKenzie, revealed how light-fingered they’ve been on the show’s set. The two joined Outlander in the final episode of season two – Dragonfly in Amber, named after author Diana Gabaldon’s second book in the Outlander series – which aired all the way back in July 2016. With four full seasons under their belt, you’d be forgiven for thinking the odd prop or costume piece could have found its way home with them. It turns out though that the two have been very well behaved – much to Richard’s surprise it seems – and Sophie even shared a sweet memento Sam Heughan, who stars as lead character Jamie Fraser, gave her early on in filming. Speaking exclusively to Metro.co.uk, Sophie admitted she’d been tempted here and there to pocket something, but had managed to refrain. ‘I was very tempted to take Ellen’s pills at one point, but I thought that would maybe be too much,’ she said. ‘I used to accidentally take Brianna’s ring home, but I don’t think I still have it.’ Richard joked: ‘I thought Sophie would have taken more from the set to be honest, like an ashtray here or there’, with Sophie explaining: ‘He thinks because I’m a Northerner, I like to steal things.’ Although Richard insisted he ‘liked to use the term borrow’ instead, he then added: ‘I don’t think I’ve taken anything because you never know what you’re going do pick-ups or come back and reshoot scenes or revisit something.’ ‘They tend not to look too kindly on you removing stuff,’ he shared, which is entirely fair enough. Sophie then revealed that she had still been able to find little keepsakes from filming via the show’s outside shoots and inspired by something Sam gave her early on in the show. ‘I think I’ve got things from outside, like I think I’ve got bird feathers – more just memory things. Sam gave me in one of our first seasons a pinecone that was on the floor, and I think there was also an acorn, bird feathers, things like that I’ve kept as a little memorabilia [sic].’ The show is known for its period detail, but corsets and heavy skirts aren’t particularly wearable in day-to-day life. However, Sophie confessed she’d be keeping an eye on any more modern clothes her character might wear, having travelled back in time from the early 1970s in season four. ‘No clothing has yet gone missing, but if we find ourselves in a time period where the clothing is a little bit more wearable these days then who knows! We [could have] some turtlenecks courtesy of Roger at home…’ Reflecting on the great changes that Brianna has both witnessed and experienced during her time on the show, the actress also shared that Outlander ‘never really leaves us’ between each season. ‘It doesn’t feel like we approach things differently now – obviously our characters have changed so much but I think it’s happened in such a smooth, organic way that we’re not really conscious of it because between seasons we’re doing press or reading scripts or doing wig fittings, so it never really leaves us. ‘I don’t think our approach really has changed, it’s more our characters have changed so much that it at least always feels fresh and new each season.’ Outlander season six premieres March 6 on STARZPLAY. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Outlander star Richard Rankin warns fans not to get ‘attached’ to scenes from the books MORE : Outlander stars Sophie Skelton and Richard Rankin tease ‘tension’ and ‘disruption’ as revolution nears Fraser’s Ridge in season 6 