A mum accused of murdering her son said she wished she’d taught him how to swim before she was told his body was found in a river, a court has heard. Logan Mwangi, also known as Logan Williamson, was discovered in the River Ogmore in Sarn, Bridgend, on July 31. The five-year-old had suffered more than 56 injuries, with a pathologist describing them as ‘so extreme you would expect to find them as a result of a fall from a great height or a high-velocity road traffic accident’. Angharad Williamson, 30, is on trial accused of Logan’s murder along with his stepdad John Cole, 40, and a 14-year-old boy. All three deny murder. Police officers and nurses told Cardiff Crown Court yesterday that Williamson seemed ‘distressed’ when she saw Logan’s body in hospital, but she did not cry. Sarah-Lee Thorne, a senior nurse of 25 years, told the jury: ‘When she first walked into the room she was very distressed. ‘Her legs were giving way and I had to get a chair for her to sit on. She was wailing, she was crying, but there were no tears. ‘I never, ever saw tears the whole time I was with her.’ Ms Thorne and another nurse, Rosie O’Neill, said they spent around eight to nine hours with Williamson before Logan was eventually taken down to the morgue. Ms O’Neill said: ‘Angharad was wailing and she said, “my baby, my baby.” She also told me, “I wish I taught him how to swim, he should’ve had swimming lessons.” ‘She then asked Sarah Thorne why Logan was wet and Sarah said Logan was found in the river.’ The court heard that Williamson appeared shocked by the news and told Ms Thorne: ‘You’re the only person who’s told me that, thank you.’ Recalling Williamson’s behaviour Ms O’Neill said the mum seemed ‘quite nervous’ to touch her son. ‘At one point before she went to kiss his head she looked at me and it felt like she was looking to check I was watching,’ Ms O’Neill said. Williamson was asked by police to leave the room to discuss the hours leading up to Logan’s death, the court was told. On returning to the room Williamson was said to have started behaving differently. Ms O’Neill said: ‘Her demeanour had changed, almost like something had switched. She was quite aggressive and had a nasty streak about her.’ Detective constable Clare Edwards, a family liaison officer with South Wales Police, told the jury she had gone to the hospital to get a first account of what happened from Williamson. DC Edwards began crying as she described Logan’s injuries to the court – injuries Williamson could remember the boy having when she last saw him alive. The officer said Williamson told her she would do ‘whatever it takes to help the police find out what happened to Logan’. The court heard Williamson was given the option to accompany Logan as he was wheeled down to the morgue but she told DC Edwards she ‘could not face it’ and asked to be taken home. Defending Williamson, Peter Rouch QC suggested to Ms O’Neill that everyone behaved differently in such situations, and his client’s change in behaviour could have been the result of becoming frustrated with the police who she had been talking to since the early morning. Mr Rouch also noted she had asked detectives to do everything they could to find out what had happened, asked nurses to stay with Logan and had spoken about dressing her son in his favourite clothes. A statement from PC Joshua Jones, one of the officers who drove Williamson to the hospital, was read to the court. He said Williamson had been ‘heaving and sick’ on the journey, and told her friend Rhiannon Hales, who accompanied her: ‘Police have it all wrong and the young male in the hospital is not my son Logan.’ On arriving at the hospital, PC Jones said: ‘Angharad became more upset as we were approaching the door. ‘Nurse Sarah Thorne confirmed her son to be the male in the hospital. Angharad broke down and began to cry hysterically.’ All three defendants are also charged with perverting the course of justice, while Williamson and Cole face a third charge of causing or allowing the death of a child. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.