A professional dog walker has been jailed for four months for killing two of her clients’ dogs. Christine Carpenter left two spaniels in the boot of her car on one of the UK’s hottest days – it was so hot the Met Office issued its first ever extreme heat warnings. Poppie, a King Charles Cavalier, and Pixie, a cross, died within minutes of being left in the car when temperatures outside were 29°C. The dogs essentially boiled alive and their internal temperature was so hot it was beyond the maximum limits of the vet’s thermometer. Carpenter, 55, ran dog walking business Chris’s Absolute Pets took a group of dogs out in Ringwood, Hampshire, in the middle of the third day of an extreme heatwave. Kate Narbey, who owned Poppy and Pixie with husband Roy, messaged Carpenter on July 21 asking her to take them for a ‘quick half hour’ walk and to somewhere with water to cool down. She picked them up at 12.30pm and went to Kingston Great Common. Expecting them back fairly soon, Kate became concerned when the dogs had not returned by 5.30pm. Her calls went unanswered so she messaged Carpenter to let herself in and feed the dogs. By 6.15pm there was still no word on the dogs whereabouts so she called again and Carpenter asked ‘were you worried about me?’ when she answered the phone. She told Kate ‘I’m panicking because I can’t wake the girls up’. Kate screamed down the phone to take them to vets, but when she arrived it was too late and they had become so hot that they were still warm to the touch. Kate said: ‘I used to love where we live in the New Forest and taking our girls out for walks. I felt so blessed. Sadly, I don’t feel like that now.’ ‘Whilst [Carpenter] may be remorseful and not intended what happened, she was neglectful. ‘She is understandably upset… but put this in the context of the Narbey family who have lost their two dogs.’ Carpenter was jailed for 18 weeks and banned from owning animals for eight years. Speaking after the court case, Roy Narbey added: ‘We were bereft and devastated about what happened. We had to get another dog straight away because they were like family to us. ‘She [Carpenter] was a friend of ours. She lived 200 yards around the corner. ‘We wanted her to be banned from keeping or caring for animals but we were shocked when we found out she had been sent to prison. She has a child.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.