Amber Anderson joined the cast of Peaky Blinders earlier this month as the formidable Lady Diana Mitford – but the star assured us she’s much less frosty in real life. Amber was one of four new cast members who were announced for the final season, alongside Stephen Graham, James Frecheville and Conrad Khan. She plays one of the famous Mitford sisters, who was the wife (and potentially spin doctor) behind Oswald Mosley’s (Sam Claflin) political campaigning. Diana was introduced to audiences in episode two, as she came face to face with Tommy Shelby (Cillian Murphy) and Lizzie Shelby (Natasha O’Keeffe), with it clear a new rivalry was set to emerge. Now, Amber’s unpacked just what it was like to work on one of the most famous UK dramas of recent years, at a time when the nation was still in the midst of an intense lockdown. Chatting to Metro.co.uk Amber revealed all on BTS fun with Mosley star Sam, getting her eyebrows bleached, and being reunited with Emma co-star Anya Taylor-Joy. Amber revealed she’d had hopes of being involved in the show before getting asked to audition: ’I knew that the last season was coming and I just thought to myself, Oh my God, wouldn’t it be so amazing if I got to be in the last season of Peaky? ‘I got asked to tape which I don’t think was that special, really. I think lots of actresses got asked to tape for this role, but I threw my hat in the ring and amazingly got recalled. She went on to explain how she did the recall a few weeks before lockdown, adding: ‘It was one of those really frustrating things where I had done the recall and I knew I was on a shortlist. But then obviously everything shut down and there was no news for another six months. ‘I didn’t actually get cast until about six months later. It was one of those really weird things where I was sitting on it and had it in my head. I knew it wasn’t a “no” but it also wasn’t a “yes” either. It was quite torturous!’ ‘It was a weird time [to be filming] because it was January 2021 and we were in another lockdown, so there wasn’t the same level of after-work socialising. We would just all go back to our hotel rooms and order room service on our own. ‘That was – I guess – different to how it would usually be, where you might even all go for dinner together. For many different reasons, it was an unusual job in that sense,’ she told us. ‘Sam Claflin is is very fun to work with and we just had loads of fun on set together. He’s a really nice guy, and I already kind of knew him,’ she shared, with the pair already having a lot of mutual friends. ‘For some reason, he got into singing this Eurhythmics song over and over and over again and it became a bit of a tick, he just couldn’t not sing this song. ‘Between takes, you would just hear, Sam in the corner of a room somewhere just singing this Eurhythmics song, which is just hilarious.’ Emma was released back in 2019, with Gina Gray star Anya playing the titular role, based on Jane Austen’s 1815 novel of the same name, whilst Amber played Jane Fairfax. On getting to work with Anya again, Amber said: ‘It was so nice. I love her, I really do! Emma was a really special job because it was three years ago and we did have dinner every night together. It really this weird film family became very close. ‘Emma especially was the type of job where those actors, I will know forever and I’ll see them on other jobs. I see them socially and we still have a WhatsApp group that is very active, which considering we filmed it in 2019, is quite unusual. She went on to add: ‘It was amazing to see Anya again and catch up with her. There was it was the feeling of seeing a member of your family. Someone really safe who you can really be yourself around. It’s really nice.’ Explaining the process of transforming into Diana, Amber said: ‘We had a brilliant wig made because the character I was playing was blonde, and it was actually easier to have a wig than to have to style my hair and dye my hair. ‘That was another really helpful thing because it meant that I could go in at the beginning of the day as me and then the wig would go on and the clothes would go on and I just felt so different – it did half of my job for me.’ She went on to describe this move as being ‘psychologically really healthy’ as she didn’t get too consumed in her character. ‘Obviously, everyone has their own method and their own way of doing it, but I’m an actor who really likes to leave it behind when I go home. I really like to be able to go home and step out of it. That’s what makes me feel, psychologically, most balanced and healthy while I’m doing a job because I do get really into it, so it’s important to create a bit of distance ‘I think having wigs is really helpful and allows you to go home at the end of the day and remember who you are. However, she did have to have her eyebrows bleached. ‘I would go home at the end of the day with dark hair and blonde ginger eyebrows, which meant I was looking insane. ‘But it was much easier to do that than to change my whole head of hair!’ Amber joked. Peaky Blinders continues tonight at 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Peaky Blinders season 6: Tommy Shelby and Gina Gray get close and Stephen Graham’s Hayden Stagg returns for more in new teaser pics MORE : Peaky Blinders fans thank Stephen Graham for ‘recovering most boring’ season to date: ‘Get the feeling they’re saving everything for the film’ 