Kanye West has reportedly fired the third lawyer involved in his divorce from Kim Kardashian, just hours before the estranged couple were due for a court showdown. Skims boss Kim, 41, filed to end her marriage from Kanye, 44, in February 2021 more than six years after they tied the knot. On Tuesday, Kanye’s attorney Chris Melcher confirmed to People that he had parted ways with the Gold Digger rapper, who has now appointed Samantha Spector as his fourth divorce lawyer. Spector most recently represented Dr Dre’s ex-wife Nicole Young in her divorce from the hip hop producer, while coincidentally, Dre hired Laura Wasser who is now representing Kim. The shuffle of Kanye’s legal team took place right before an upcoming court hearing in his and Kim’s divorce on Wednesday. A judge will hear arguments about Kim’s request to have her legally single status reinstated while the main divorce proceedings continue to drag on. In recent court documents obtained by TMZ, the mum-of-four asked for a judge to grant their divorce, claiming that the rapper’s recent Instagram posts about their marriage, and her new relationship, have caused ‘emotional distress’. ‘I very much desire to be divorced,’ she reportedly stated in the documents, telling the judge that she has asked her ex to keep matters regarding their split private, but he ‘has not done so’. ‘Kanye has been putting a lot of misinformation regarding our private matters and co-parenting on social media which has created emotional distress.’ However, Kanye’s lawyers argued that it couldn’t be proved that he wrote and posted the social media messages. The musician’s lawyer said: ‘Kim claims she read something online allegedly by Kanye and characterises the posts in her declaration as misinformation … Kim needed to offer the social media posts into evidence, and show that the posts were written by Kanye.’ Since their split, Kim has moved on with Saturday Night Live comedian Pete Davidson, while Kanye recently dated actress Julia Fox but is now loved-up with model Chaney Jones. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sandra Bullock and Jim Carrey blockbusters among latest Hollywood movies banned from release in Russia MORE : Euphoria season 2 finale almost had very different ending as other character meant to die 