A mum has admitted using her Range Rover to try to move an Insulate Britain protestor out the way when they blocked the road while she was on the school run. Sherrilyn Speid, 35, of Grays, Essex, pleaded guilty to a charge of dangerous driving when she appeared at Southend Magistrates’ Court today. She had been behind the wheel of her black Range Rover Sport when she came across an Insulate Britain protest in Grays at about 8.30am on October 13. The incident was caught on camera by a passer-by and heavily-bleeped footage was shown to the court. Prosecutor Ashley Petchey said there were three protesters sitting across the road and queues of traffic had built up behind them. Speid got out of her vehicle and pleaded with the demonstrators to move, the court heard. Describing footage of the incident Mr Petchey said a woman is seen telling the protesters they must ‘move out of the way now’ and ‘my son needs to go to school and I need to go to work’. She also says: ‘My son is 11 and he needs to go to school’. Of the dangerous driving count, Mr Petchey said: ‘It is not an excessive speed as the driver was using the brakes quite heavily. ‘This is done on two occasions. The Range Rover stops very close to the female protester.’ He said dangerous driving meant an injury could have been caused. Mr Petchey said: ‘Clearly this was an incident where there was a risk, even if no injury was caused.’ An assault charge against Speid, in which it was alleged that protester Bethany Mogie had been beaten, was dismissed, after the prosecution said it would produce no evidence. The prosecution said it would ask for £310 in costs and a pre-sentence report was ordered. Peter Hoche, chairman of the bench, unconditionally bailed Speid to next appear at Basildon Magistrates’ Court on May 6 for sentencing. He also banned Speid from driving by issuing her with an interim driving disqualification. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.