Stanford women’s soccer star Katie Meyer has been found dead on the California university’s campus at the age of 22. Meyer, the goalkeeper and captain of her team, died at an on-campus residence hall but the cause of death remains unclear, but the university did state there was no danger to other students at this time. The senior athlete studied international relations and history and helped Stanford win the national championship in 2019. ‘Her friends describe her as a larger-than-life team player in all her pursuits, from choosing an academic discipline she said ‘changed my perspective on the world and the very important challenges that we need to work together to overcome’ to the passion she brought to the Cardinal women’s soccer program and to women’s sports in general,’ Stanford said in a statement. The university says it has made resources available for those impacted by Meyer’s death. ‘There are no words to express the deep sadness we feel about Katie Meyer’s passing,’ Stanford athletic director Bernard Muir said in a statement. ‘Katie was an outstanding student-athlete and a beloved, passionate leader here at Stanford. Our entire athletics community is heartbroken and Katie will be deeply missed.’ Meyer’s sister, Sam Perez, meanwhile, posted on her Instagram Stories honouring her sibling. ‘There are no words,’ Perez wrote on Instagram. ‘Thank you for all the kindness extended to my family. I’m not ready to post anything big yet. We are broken-hearted and love Kat so much.’ A GoFundMe Page has been set up in her memory: ‘A few words from Andrea Dear Friends and Family, Together as a community, we are all mourning the passing of Katie Meyer. On March 1, 2022, our dear friends lost their beautiful daughter. Our thoughts, prayers and love are with Katie’s family- there just are no words to describe this loss.’ ‘To know Katie was to love Katie. She was larger than life, an incredibly bright shining light on and off the soccer field and for our community,’ it read. ‘She was a leader in everything she pursued. Many of you have asked what you can do to help the Meyer family. While there is nothing we can do to take away their unimaginable pain, we are hoping that the kindness of friends, family and the community can help Steve, Gina and the girls while they are grieving. Your prayers, thoughts, and yes, financial support are greatly appreciated– while food and gift cards are welcome, we believe that monetary gifts would be the most beneficial to their family right now. Please give them what you can to show them our love and support and to help them with funeral and other expenses through this unthinkable time. All donations will go directly to Katie’s family. Please feel free to reach out to Andrea or Priscilla if you have any questions.’ Meyer had previously spoken about the challenge of balancing her schedule on the university’s website. ‘Traveling during Fall Season can be stressful because I miss classes, but my professors have been so accommodating and understanding… my teammates and I try to pay them back by getting big wins for the Farm,’ she explained. ‘Balancing a tight schedule becomes a little bit easier when you have your best friends by your side to help motivate you.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 