Demand for condoms has skyrocketed in Russia as people fear price increases and shortages triggered by Western sanctions. The country’s largest online retailer, Wildberries, saw sales jump by 170% in the first two weeks of March, compared with last year. Russia’s 36.6 pharmacy chain reported a 26% boost in sales, while supermarkets said theirs were up by 30%. This is despite Reckitt – the British maker of Durex – continuing to trade in Russia despite condemning Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. Co-owner of the Prezervativnaya sex shop, Yesenia Shamonina, said: ‘People are buying for the future, despite the fact that we were forced to raise prices.’ Costs to the consumer had risen by up to 50% depending on the brand, she added. Outlets are forced to pass on price increases caused by the sinking value of the Russian rouble against key Western currencies. This was due to collapsing confidence in Putin’s economy after he sent his troops across the Ukrainian border. An industry source said that while latex comes from countries which are not applying sanctions, they must buy in Western currencies which are now far more expensive . The rush on condoms was so great that Putin’s Ministry of Industry and Trade was forced to issue a denial that there would be long term problems. Officials insisted: ‘A shortage of this product is not predicted. The largest producing countries – Thailand, India, South Korea, and China – have not stopped deliveries of products to the Russian Federation.’ Traditionally, Russia imports 600 million condoms a year, and produces 100 million. Reckitt employs around 1,300 people in Russia and makes in the region of £400million annually in this market. ‘As the situation continues to evolve, we will continue to take action and respond, always acting with the appropriate duty of care to our employees,’ said the company in a statement. Sexologist Yevgeny Kalgavchuk urged Russians to use ‘good condoms’ from ‘friendly countries’ rather than those made in Western markets imposing sanctions. Business expert Pavel Spichakov said that 95% of the condom market in Russia is owned by foreign companies. ‘An English company Reckitt, which produces the brands Durex, Contex, Hussar and others, accounts for over 60% of it,’ he said. He did not expect Reckitt to leave despite the walkout of Russia by other Western firms. Mr Spichakov added: ‘There is no hope that the company will voluntarily leave the Russian market. But if they were forced out, Russia could boost its own production.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 