Two terrified young brothers were found wandering in the street past midnight after their mum left them ‘fending for themselves’. Demi Heffernan, 25, left her sons aged four and six home alone for two hours while she went out drinking. The alarm was raised when the older boy knocked on a neighbour’s door at 12.15am after the pair used a chair to climb out of a window and onto the street. Heffernan, of Bridlington in East Yorkshire, was arrested and later admitted child cruelty on April 1 last year. The single mum’s actions could have seen her children abducted or a fire break out in her house, Hull Crown Court was told. Richard Thompson, prosecuting, said Heffernan had been drinking at a neighbour’s house but left at 10.30pm to put her children to bed. Heffernan had allegedly intended to return to the neighbour’s house but by 11.30pm she hadn’t reappeared so the woman went to investigate. The neighbour reported seeing the children in the house but could not see Heffernan. Some 45 minutes later, at 12.15am, Heffernan’s six-year-old son knocked on the neighbour’s door in ‘distress’ while the four-year-old was found standing in the street. The neighbour repeatedly tried to contact Heffernan but when she could not, called the police at 12.30am. Officers arrived at the scene, but Heffernan did not return until 1.15am. Mr Thompson said the boys were ‘tired and distressed’ after being ‘on their own for about two hours, maybe a little bit longer’. He said they were taken into the care of their grandparents. Heffernan was abusive towards her neighbour about the actions she took that night to safeguard the children, Mr Thompson said. She was also reportedly ‘irate’ when interviewed by police. She denied neglecting the boys or being under the influence of alcohol but admitted that she ‘had a drink’. She also claimed her neighbour was ‘trying to set her up’. Michele Stuart-Lofthouse, mitigating, said Heffernan was complying with a community order imposed by Hull magistrates in November for threatening behaviour towards her neighbour. It included a tagged 90-day alcohol abstinence order. ‘She is remorseful,’ said Miss Stuart-Lofthouse. ‘It’s the biggest regret of her life that this incident unfolded. At the time of this occurring, but it’s little excuse at all, she was having a number of difficulties in her life.’ Miss Stuart-Lofthouse said Heffernan had been suffering anxiety and alcohol problems while trying to look after two children. ‘She is addressing her alcohol issues,’ Miss Stuart-Lofthouse said. ‘She now appreciates the magnitude of her very poor decision-making. ‘She has done all she possibly can in the meantime to get assistance and support from those around her. She hopes she can get her life back on track with the assistance that is now being given to her.’ Heffernan was given a 10-month suspended prison sentence and ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work. Sentencing her, Judge John Thackray QC said: ‘You made the decision at 10.30pm to leave two young children fending for themselves at home, aged four and six. ‘It must have been extremely frightening for them. They were described by police when they attended the scene at about 1am as distressed. ‘They were seen in the street. That’s the actual harm you caused. ‘What would have happened if there had been a fire? What would have happened if a stranger had taken one of your children? ‘You verbally abused your neighbour. You blamed your neighbour. You said that your neighbour was telling lies.’ Heffernan originally denied the offence and a trial had been arranged before she eventually pleaded guilty. ‘You waited until the CCTV had been served,’ said Judge Thackray. ‘You knew that you were guilty and you should have pleaded guilty at that stage. I don’t accept that you are remorseful or, at least, genuinely remorseful.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.