Oleksandr Usyk has left Ukraine to begin preparations for his heavyweight title fight against Anthony Joshua. The reigning IBF, WBO and WBA heavyweight champion returned to his homeland in the days following the Russian invasion, enlisting in the Kyiv territorial defence forces. His presence in Ukraine put his proposed rematch with Joshua in serious doubt. Usyk travelled to London to beat Joshua and take the world titles last September, with the Briton swiftly activating a rematch clause. Joshua and his promoter Eddie Hearn have considered the possibility of an interim fight taking place in June if Usyk decided to remain in Ukraine. BBC Sport report however the 35-year-old has now left his homeland to begin his training camp which will not be based in neighbouring Poland, contrary to reports. Matchroom chief Hearn explained on Tuesday that a decision would needed within the coming days. Usyk’s countryman and close friend Vasiliy Lomachenko meanwhile has decided to remain in Ukraine, pulling out of his summer title fight against George Kambosos Jr. ‘I spoke to Egis Klimas [Lomachenko’s manager] and he confirmed that Loma would not be available to fight George next,’ Lou DiBella, Kamobosos’ promoter, told Boxing Scene. ‘He thanked me and thanked Kambosos for giving him ample opportunity to make up his mind, and he thanked us for doing the deal in the first place. ‘We had an inkling the other day, when the [Ukrainian] government had said it was OK [for Lomachenko to fight], but we didn’t hear an affirmative response [from Lomachenko], we had a sense that this was likely. So, we were not shocked. ‘But Egis confirmed today that he’s gonna stay in the Ukraine. We commend him. We think the fight he’s fighting is much bigger than boxing. And our thoughts and prayers are with him and his family, and with the Ukrainian people. What they’re going through obviously is far more significant than any boxing match.’ MORE : Anthony Joshua and Oleksandr Usyk likely to fight in June says Eddie Hearn with champion offered chance to leave Ukraine MORE : Yaroslav Amosov withdraws from Bellator London clash against Michael ‘Venom’ Page to stay and fight in Ukraine For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 