Kim Kardashian has been declared legally single by a US court, following the latest hearing in her divorce proceedings from Kanye West. Following a motion granted by a judge at Los Angeles County Superior Court, she will change her name from Kardashian-West back to Kardashian, with the reality star appearing via video link during Wednesday’s hearing. Wearing a plain black top with her hair pulled back, Kardashian reaffirmed that her request to dissolve the marriage due to ‘irreconcilable’ differences and her return to single status was still valid. It was first reported that the Kardashian had filed for divorce from the rapper in February 2021, six years after they had married. The couple have four children together. The couple have been embroiled in public social media disputes since their separation. It was recently claimed that Kardashian, 41, said that her ex-husband’s Instagram posts, which referenced their marriage and her new relationship with Saturday Night Live comedian Pete Davidson, had caused ’emotional distress’. In the documents obtained by TMZ, the Skims boss reportedly stated: ‘I very much desire to be divorced’, and told the judge that she asked West, 44, to keep matters regarding their break-up private. ‘Kanye has been putting a lot of misinformation regarding our private matters and co-parenting on social media which has created emotional distress,’ the document allegedly read. From the beginning of this year, West was linked with Uncut Gems star Julia Fox, with the pair seen in public together on multiple occasions, including Paris Fashion Week. However, he has since seemingly moved on with model Chaney Jones, with the pair going Instagram official this week. It was recently claimed that West fired the third lawyer involved in his divorce from Kardashian. On Tuesday, the musician’s attorney Chris Melcher confirmed to People that he had parted ways with the Gold Digger rapper, who has now appointed Samantha Spector as his fourth divorce lawyer. Spector admitted on Wednesday that she had been involved in the cast  for ‘less than 24 hours’. Meanwhile, Laura Wasser, representing Kardashian, accused West of ‘strategically’ changing his legal representation to slow down the proceedings. At today’s court proceedings, a judge heard arguments regarding Kardashian’s request to have her legally single status reinstated while the main divorce proceedings continue. Last month, it was reported that West had filed a legal document objecting to his ex-wife changing her name back to her birth name of Kimberly Noel Kardashian. His lawyer appeared to object due to the fact that Kardashian could remarry and subsequently move some of their joint assets into separate accounts. The Yeezy founder was reportedly happy for her to obtain single status, but only on the condition that safeguards are in place over the assets so that they remained marital property. While the motion to change Kardashian’s marital status has been granted, details concerning child custody and property are yet to be worked out. The next hearing in the case, which will be a status conference, will be held on August 5. She and West share four children – daughter North, born in June 2013, son Saint, born in December 2015, daughter Chicago, born in January 2018 and son Psalm, born in May 2019. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Kardashians drop fresh teaser with Kourtney Kardashian’s engagement to Travis Barker taking centre stage MORE : Kanye West ‘isn’t officially dating Kim Kardashian lookalike Chaney Jones’ following split from Julia Fox 