Top Boy’s Ashley Walters has admitted he had ‘a lot going on’ in his personal life while filming season 2, but the acclaimed Netflix drama allowed him space to decompress. The actor is reprising his role of Dushane alongside Kane Robinson’s Sully in the upcoming new chapter, which is set for release on March 18. The new episodes begin with Dushane at the top of his game after defeating Jamie (played by Micheal Ward) at the end of series two, and life with Shelley (Simbi Ajikawo) is also going from strength to strength. Although Ashley didn’t struggle with delving into some of the more emotional storylines set to shake his character to his core, he was able to pour his own strife into his performance. Speaking exclusively to Metro.co.uk ahead of the release of the new chapter, Ashley told us: ‘I’m pretty much used to all of this now. So many things were going on in my personal life throughout this time. ‘For me, especially on this season, I’ve learned to use this as an outlet for a lot of my own emotional baggage if I’m honest with you. ‘Being able to play that character and exercise some of my own demons is a beautiful thing for me. I’ve been seeing it in a completely different light.’ In April 2021, during filming for the new series, Ashley’s Bulletproof co-star Noel Clarke was accused by 20 women of harassment, sexual misconduct, and bullying, which he denied. In a statement shared on Twitter, Ashley said he would ‘never condone behaviour of this nature’ and insisted he can’t ignore the allegations. Shedding light on what Top Boy fans can expect in the new episodes, Ashley pointed out that season two is a different pace. ’It’s a lot more mature,’ he told us. ‘We do deal with a lot of sticky topics in Top Boy but I think this one really touches on a lot more. It’s heart-wrenching, some of the stuff that happens and I feel like a lot of people are going to be able to relate to some of the stuff that happens in this one. ‘It’s not just about the drug game and money and violence, there’s a lot more emotional tools that we’ve used in this one when it comes to storylines.’ Top Boy season 2 arrives March 18 on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 