Savana Chapin became a stepmum in her early twenties, after meeting her now-husband Chris and his three older children in 2019. But because Savana is so close in age to Chris’ kids, it causes a lot of confusion. In fact, many now ask if Savana is the twin sister of her 20-year-old stepdaughter Tizzi – especially considering the pair both have blonde hair and a similar fashion style. However, the stepmum and stepdaughter often find the funny side and both take it as a compliment. Now 27, hairstylist Savana says: ‘I was nervous to become a step-parent. I never imagined myself becoming a stepmum at such a young age, but I wouldn’t change it for the world. ‘I found it stressful that there was only six years’ difference between me and my eldest stepdaughter because I know I probably wouldn’t have been the nicest to my dad’s new girlfriend if I was in her situation. ‘When we are together people genuinely think that we are twin sisters. When we explain that I am her stepmum, the sheer shock on their face is hilarious. ‘We have a similar hairstyle and we are the same size in clothes, so we are always swapping items in our wardrobes. ‘I think that because we dress so similarly, this makes us seem even more like twins.’ Due to their closeness in age – with just a six-year age gap – Savana and Tizzi have now formed a strong friendship. Savana, from Arizona, says: ‘Being closer in age has made our relationship stronger because I have been through the stuff she’s going through and I can relate. ‘There isn’t anything she hasn’t told me. ‘We love sharing clothes, it’s like we have two wardrobes now rather than just one. She helps to keep me in the know about what is fashionable and popular. It’s amazing.’ Savana is also a stepmum to 17-year-old Tayge and 13-year-old Trinity. Plus, she now has two children of her own with 43-year-old Chris: two-year-old Tripp and 11-month-old Traxx. But the hairstylist stresses that being a younger stepmum has meant she has connected with the kids on a different level. ‘I can be more of a friend or mentor, rather than a parental figure. They can come to me with all of their problems,’ she explains. ‘I think these kids also saved me because they changed me as a person and changed my idea of fun. ‘Before I would have loved to go clubbing, but now I prefer going on family days out and doing activities such as bowling. ‘There have obviously been challenges that we have had to come, but we wouldn’t change our family for the world. ‘When I fell pregnant, I was full of a mixture of emotions. I was excited and nervous because I didn’t want the other kids to feel like they were being replaced. ‘But Tripp and Traxx have really tied the family together. It’s beautiful.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum shares ‘invisible baby gate’ hack for toddlers that looks like it actually works MORE : Single mum gives birth to three babies in one year – but they’re not triplets MORE : Mum quits job and sells possessions to travel the world with her family