A man has been arrested after a lorry smashed through the gates of the Russian Embassy in Dublin. Footage appeared to show the large articulated supplies truck reversing into the entrance of the property before coming to a stop as onlookers cheered on. The site has previously attracted large demonstrations against Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Protesters have repeatedly returned to the site, pestering embassy officials by repeatedly leaving Ukrainian flags and other signs criticising Vladimir Putin’s regime. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Two flags were still hanging over the gates as the lorry drove through it on Monday afternoon. The gardaí did not immediately confirm what offence the arrested man was suspected of committing but described the incident as involving ‘criminal damage’. Desmond Wisley Ecclesiastical Supplies, whose branding appears on the truck, is a family-run business selling candles, wine and communion bread to Catholic churches. The company was said to be aware of the incident but had no further comment. Last week, a Cathloc priest threw red paint over the embassy’s gates while being interviewed live on Irish radio. Fr Fergal MacDonagh told an interviewer from RTE: ‘I’m about to throw paint at it. I won’t be the first and I won’t be the last. I’m going to do it now. I’m trying to not spill it. ‘I threw the empty tin of paint on the driveway, I’m furious at what is happening. There were children being born in bomb shelters.’ He said he was told by gardaí he would receive a criminal summons in the mail and vowed to put it in a frame as he was ‘delighted and proud’ of his actions. He described the embassy as a ‘building that is spreading lies, deceit and misinformation about what is happening’. Before the invasion, Russia’s ambassador to Ireland, Yury Filatov, repeatedly dismissed warnings of an impending assault on Ukraine as a ‘fantasy’. On February 16, just a week prior to the launch of Putin’s so-called ‘special military operation’, he told RTE’s Prime Time show: ‘We do not have any political, economic, military or [any] other reason to do that. ‘The whole idea is insane. If you knew something about the Russian and Ukrainian people you would never ask such a question.’ A garda spokesperson said: ‘Gardaí are investigating an incident of criminal damage that occurred at a property on Orwell Road this afternoon, Monday 7th March 2022 at approximately 1.30pm. ‘One male was arrested and taken to Rathfarnham Garda Station where he is currently detained under Section 4 of the Criminal Justice Act, 1984. Investigations are ongoing.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.