You’ve got some big decisions to make today, as the Quarter Moon throws up some unexpected offers. But if you’re willing to take a leap of faith, this could be a golden opportunity. Taurus, it’s time to seize the moment and make your dreams come true. Want to make those big plans happen too, Libra? You will have to make sure everyone’s on the same page before you proceed. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, March 25, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 With the Quarter Moon in a high-flying zone, you’ll be ready to put the finishing touches to a plan. If something isn’t quite right, this is the time to resolve it so you can be confident of getting the desired outcome. Determination could bring a victorious outcome that you’ll take pride in. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Because of today’s lunar angle with the Sun, you can find yourself at a crossroads and wondering whether to tread a familiar route or to venture into uncharted territory. How much are you willing to risk regarding a golden chance? Pull out all the stops. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 There are times when a challenge is a blessing in disguise. The obstacle that presents itself now is nothing you can’t deal with yet it’s big enough to encourage your resourceful side to emerge. The very act of handling it and succeeding might impress someone enough to want to reward you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Lively energies hint at exciting exchanges and you may make new friends or feel like joining a group of like- minded people. One of these could have romantic potential or develop into a unique bond. Even though this is a temporary aspect, it might be the start of a relationship unlike any you’ve known. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 The current Moon-Uranus aspect suggests an unexpected offer could show up. But can you handle the extra workload involved? Think about this carefully before you make a binding commitment. With a Quarter Moon in your lifestyle sector today, consider your present responsibilities. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You may be excited to take an idea further based on the strength of your feelings about it. In fact, if you’ve already had some success in this area, the cosmic indications are that things could get even better for you. If you’ve been planning, the week ahead might coincide with exciting developments. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 With a potent lunar phase on the cards, this could be decision time. If you’re working on a project with others, this is a great time for finishing up one phase so you can get to work on the next. You may need to discuss things and it’s especially vital that you all agree on the way forward. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Today’s Sun-Moon angle urges you to finalise a plan. Plus, your pleasure plans sparkle, with key planets in your recreational sector adding to the lively ambience. Yet while this can coincide with more outings, it could also encourage a playful mood. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 The Quarter Moon may inspire you to check the cost before booking a fun trip. If you can find something similar for less, you’ll have more money to play with. Close to having enough cash for something you’ve saved for? You may be moved to put in a little extra so you can enjoy that well-deserved treat. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Winding down a DIY project? This could be the most important part so avoid a desire to hurry and get it over with. If it’s going well, you’ll be confident of the result. If there are areas where you’re uncertain what to do, now is the time to get help. Don’t waste your hard work by doing a botched job. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Whatever has been bothering you, let it go. And the Quarter Moon encourages it. If you’ve been thinking of nothing but the worst-case scenario, then this may be the reason why things aren’t shifting. Change the way you perceive something and the situation should respond accordingly. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 A conversation could leave you excited and fired up to take action. And if you’re keen to move out of a confining situation, then this may be just the pep talk you need. Don’t rush into anything, though, if it means there is no going back. If you want to make changes, slow and steady is best. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness