Spring may finally have sprung across Britain this week as the weather is set to reach positively toasty temperatures. A 700-mile ‘African heat burst’ will see temperatures in the south of the country soar up to 17°C by the end of the week. This is warmer than the 11°C average across the UK expected in March, and also warmer than the 15°C set Rome, the capital of Italy this week. A spokesperson from the Met Office told Metro.co.uk: ‘In terms of this week, it is a mixed picture with showers at times in parts of the UK at the start of the week with high pressure bringing a widely more settled and sunny picture by Friday and into the weekend. ‘Temperatures will rise through the week with a chance of seeing up to 17°C by Friday in the south of England. ‘Temperatures are likely to be capped in the mid-teens in the middle of the week with more cloud and showers.’ Through the rest of today cloud and rain is expected in the North, which will start to clear up by this evening. Scattered showers across the country will start to become more isolated. Tomorrow’s forecast says there will be rain and strong winds in north and west Scotland, and in Northern Ireland. It will be mostly fine and dry elsewhere with some sunshine, and a few showers in eastern England. Wednesday will see outbreaks of rain in many areas, which may be heavy in some places. WX Charts also predicts Wednesday to be the day the ‘African heat burst’ will reach the UK, bringing with it warmer temperatures. Thursday and Friday will see these milder temperatures emerge but there will be some overnight frosts. Looking towards the end of March, the Met Office predicts the area of high pressure will remain at least until the end of March. It may however recede by the beginning of April, bringing more wet and windy weather to the UK by mid-April for Easter. ‘In terms of the longer range outlooks, there are indications that the influence of high pressure will stick around through to the end of March,’ the spokesperson added. ‘There are signs that it will start to recede eastwards by the start of April, bringing a more south westerly influence to the weather with more wet and potentially windy weather.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.