Kanye West has been defended by The Game after it was claimed that he was banned from performing at the Grammy Awards. It has been reported that the Praise God rapper, who has racked up five nominations, was prevented from performing at the ceremony next month over his ‘concerning online behaviour’ and Instagram suspension. While he had not been confirmed as a performer at the ceremony on April 3, plans have been scrapped – something his rep reportedly confirmed to Variety. Trevor Noah, who Kanye recently lashed out at on Instagram, is hosting the Grammys, which has led to concerns over their possible interactions during the show. The Recording Academy has not responded to the claims, but The Game blasted the decision in a lengthy Instagram post. ‘Time & time again they show us that they only want to STEAL the culture, not allow you to ever be their equals. In a more than obvious move for reasons of minuscule actions….,’ the 42-year-old penned. ‘The Grammys have at the last minute decided to pull @kanyewest from performing on the show as if we didn’t know it was coming. ‘Could be because @trevornoah is hosting and there was a conversation held amongst his team & the Academy that led to the decision or because Ye’s account was suspended just days ago for reasons unknown especially in a world where all the negativities of the world can be found on the same app with no repercussions or suspensions…. ‘We’ll just say it’s all of the above & a continuous disrespect for us & all that we have brought to the table in entertainment, media & sports over the last 100 years especially. ‘Speak your mind in this country for yourself, family or your people & you’re ostracised immediately & if you push them hard enough they will stop at no ends to try and put an end to you as a whole….’ ‘I for one, have never been scared to speak my mind even understanding what the consequences may be,’ The Game continued. ‘I can’t sleep at night knowing I was quiet about issues burning holes in my heart or narratives incorrectly pushed by the mass agenda to create a mind set that the person at hand is krazy or has issues internally that are beyond repair. I say all this to say, I’M WOKE…..’ He ended the post by suggesting he would be the ‘next account suspended for speaking freely on an app created for us to equally share as humans lol’. Kanye and The Game previously made headlines after releasing a controversial music video in which a cartoon version of the dad-of-four appeared to bury Pete Davidson – who is dating his ex-wife Kim Kardashian – alive. He also took aim at Kim and the SNL star on social media over the last few months, in now-deleted outpourings. Earlier this week, the dad-of-four was suspended from posting on Instagram for 24 hours after penning a racist slur at late night host Trevor, after the comedian defended his former partner. In the now-deleted Instagram post, the musician shared a screenshot of a Google search for Trevor, 38, with his South African heritage displayed underneath. Reciting the lyrics from the kumbaya folk song – which originates in an African-American spiritual song evoking harmony – he replaced ‘kum’ with a slur. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for the Grammys for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jessie J stuns at Florida Aids Walk and Music festival amid budding new romance: ‘My face hurts from smiling’ MORE : Daniel Radcliffe laughs off rumours he will play Wolverine: ‘Anything that implies the fleetingest similarity to Hugh Jackman is incredibly flattering’ 