During an interview with Fox News Thursday night, when given the opportunity to walk back on his praise for Russian President Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump defended his calling the Russian leader ‘smart’ for invading Ukraine. Fox’s Sean Hannity gave Trump multiple opportunities during the 30-minute interview to criticize Putin, but the former president didn’t take the bait. When asked to recognize Putin as ‘evil,’ Trump instead defended the comments he made last month where he described Putin’s invasion of Ukraine as ‘genius,’ a comment even many of his biggest allies disagree with. House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy, a Trump ally, even broke with the former president, saying that there was nothing ‘savvy or genius’ about Putin, according to Politico. McCarthy then went on to call Putin ‘evil,’ and condemned the country’s unprovoked attack on Ukraine. In his defense, Trump said: ‘Well, I was referring to the fact that he said this is an independent nation, talking about Ukraine, and I said that . . . this was before there was any attack. He’s calling it an independent nation.’ He also repeated his claims that the invasion would never have happened if he were president, and criticized President Joe Biden for not threatening Russia with ‘our nuclear capabilities.’ Hannity brought up Trump’s commentary twice, and later asked if Trump kept Putin and other people like President Xi Jinping and Kim Jong Un close because they’re enemies. Trump did not go as far as calling his former counterparts enemies. ‘I got along with these people. I got along with them well,’ he said. ‘That doesn’t mean they are good people. It doesn’t mean anything other than the fact that I understood them and perhaps they understood me — maybe they understood me even better. That’s OK, because they knew there would be a big penalty.’ As Trump continues to receive backlash for his comments made about Putin’s invasion into Ukraine, the January 6 committee investigating the attack on the US Capitol has hit another road bump. One of Trump’s biggest allies, former national security adviser Michael Flynn, has refused to answer questions from the select committee, invoking his Fifth Amendment right to silence. It’s been widely reported that Flynn took part in an Oval Office meeting in December of 2021 where the possibility of using martial law as a means to keep Trump in office was discussed. In his final days as president, Trump pardoned Flynn, who had pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about his Russian contacts. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.