Stanley Tucci admitted he doesn’t truly ‘get’ his sex symbol status, but is here for it anyway. The Devil Wears Prada actor, 61, was questioned on the label in a candid chat with People, and revealed that he feels ‘great’ about the tag. Admitting he isn’t quite understanding of the term, he quipped to the publication: ‘Who goes, “I feel terrible about that”? People think I’m sexy? How awful. ‘It’s wonderful. I don’t get it, but I’m very glad.’ The actor, who has also appeared in Easy A, The King’s Man and The Lovely Bones, has always boasted a huge fan base. But his popularity ‘exploded’ in 2020 thanks to a very suave cocktail masterclass on putting a negroni cocktail together – something that was rehashed last week on This Morning. ‘It changed my life completely,’ he added of the clip, filmed by wife Felicity Blunt. ‘All I had to do was be myself.’ Can someone get him to tackle an espresso martini next? Stanley has been on our screens even more lately thanks to his award-winning CNN series, Searching For Italy, in which he explores his Italian roots through incredible food. It first hit our screens last year, with a second season giving viewers a glimpse into even more tasty treats. ‘It became this thing that I don’t think any of us really anticipated,’ he previously told People of the show’s success, admitting that they didn’t think it would be a big hit. ‘Of course, the timing, we had a captive audience because people were locked down, and they couldn’t travel. That, without question, helped a bit. ‘But now that people are, for the most part, free to go out and about and they’re still rewatching the show and loving it again? That’s a great thing. I’m really happy about that.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Simpsons writer fought hard for Lenny and Carl gay sex joke: ‘We’re doing this!’ MORE : Grimes reveals baby daughter’s name Exa Dark Sideræl was ‘compromise’ as she wanted something different 