While the death of a pet can be devastating for humans, it can negatively affect the behaviour of other dogs in the household. A study of grief-related responses in both dogs and owners was conducted on 426 Italian adults who had owned at least two dogs, one of whom died while the other was still alive. Nearly 90% of the respondents reported a change in the surviving dog’s behaviour, according to the research, published in the journal Scientific Reports. ‘We were able to split the emotional response from the behavioural response,’ said one of the researchers on the study. The closeness between owners and either the surviving or deceased dog didn’t seem to affect the results. The main factor influencing whether a surviving pet showed grief was ‘the quality of the bond between the two dogs’. According to the dog owners’ answers, the surviving dog after the death of the companion dog, changed both in terms of activities and emotions with the dogs showed altered playing, sleeping and eating habits. The study also found that the time the two dogs had spent together had no effect on the behaviours of surviving dog. Grief responses are widely reported in social species such as great apes, whales, dolphins, elephants and birds. The ability to mourn has been suggested for a variety of other animal species, including dogs, but evidence has been missing. Primates, for example, have been known to carry their deceased young for weeks. Results from the study, proved that dogs may show grief-related behavioural and emotional patterns when another animal in the household died. The study also noted that ‘the mind of a dog is equivalent to that of a human child between two and three years of age’. Children in the age range of two to five years might not have the concept of death but the concept of loss of a caregiver is likely to trigger the pattern of behaviours that we speak of as representing grief and mourning. Similarly, dogs might form emotional bonds with other animals in their household so the death of an animal companion can cause them to exhibit grief-related behaviour. Several negative behavioural changes were commonly reported in the surviving dog like increased attention seeking and playing less. 46% of the dogs in the study showed reduced levels of activity and 35% of the dogs were sleeping more. The death of a companion animal also increased fearfulness in 35% of the dogs in the study, while 32% of them started eating less. In some cases, the changes in behaviour lasted a few months while in others it continued for years. The response of their owners was also found to influence the surviving dogs’ behaviour. If the owner exhibited more anger, depression or trauma, the surviving dog acted more fearful. According to the researchers, to help them process the loss, dog owners ‘need to ensure there’s predictability in their days and continue to share activities with them’. MORE : ‘Aggressive’ pet owner allowed to keep dogs despite repeatedly kicking them MORE : Inseparable dog best friends who love to be side by side are looking for a home together