All around the world, charities and community groups have stepped up fundraising efforts to help support the crisis facing Ukraine. Pictures of refugees lining train stations, mothers carrying young babies and the haunting images of dead bodies shot down when trying to escape the country have prompted people to rush to Ukraine’s aid. On March 7 the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) – which is made up of 15 leading UK charities – announced the British public had helped raise over £100million – a figure that has since risen hugely. Meanwhile, across the globe cryptocurrency donations have topped over $80million alone. On a local level communities have been coming together to collect much-needed donations, while others have taken to travelling to Ukraine to help out at the borders and beyond. Here, Metro.co.uk speaks to five people who are helping first-hand with the humanitarian emergency, from teaching frontline surgery via video link to providing much needed toiletries and income. UK-born Jonny Daniels, 36, lives in Warsaw. He is the founder of From The Depths Foundation, which aims to preserve the memory of the Holocaust. Since the war began, Daniel has helped thousands of refugees who have arrived in Poland. The phone in Jonny’s home in Warsaw does not stop ringing, and neither does his mobile. Even when he finds time to lie down, he takes his mobile with him. During his Facetime call with Metro.co.uk there are stacks of clothing, prams and medication laid out in his dining room. Jonny jokes he has a small shop now in Warsaw – yet everything in it is free, thanks to the generous people who have been donating. He explains that he is running on adrenaline, exhausted yet unable to sleep for more than a few hours at a time, such is his desperation to help the refugees. What makes Jonny’s story even more inspiring is that he stems from a family of Holocaust survivors – so his drive to help refugees ‘is in my DNA’ he says. ‘My job before the war broke out was to help support and tell the stories of the silent heroes – the non-Jewish people who risked their lives to save the Jews during the Holocaust. Their bravery inspires me and there was no way I couldn’t act fast and help. What I am doing is not brave, it is having a heart and compassion which is what these people had. ‘I come from a family of immigrants who escaped from the Holocaust so there was an immediate urge to help these poor people.’ From finding a safe place to stay for an 88-year-old refugee who survived the Second World War as a young boy hiding in Ukraine, to organising flights for Jewish refugees wanting to get to Israel, Jonny has been instrumental in helping thousands over the past two weeks. ‘My goal is to help give these poor people their dignity back by helping clothe and feed them, find somewhere for them to rest, in a world of such evil.’ As well as finding shoes to fit a one year old boy to save his mum from having to carry him everywhere, to helping locate a grandmother from her family she had got lost from in transit, Jonny is proving a lifeline for so many people. ‘One mother had crossed the border with a baby and a six-year-old, and the baby was unwell so she had to get him to hospital,’ recalls Jonny. ‘She was terrified of what she could do with her daughter so I reassured her I would look after her until she got back. It’s about doing anything to help make this nightmare easier for them. ‘Seeing families escaping with absolutely nothing but a small bag with their life in it is heart-breaking – it hurts on a very deep and emotional level but I feel motivated to continue because it is the right thing to do.’ For more details, visit: www.fromthedepths.org David Nott, 56, is a British surgeon who set up a foundation to help train surgeons working in war zones. After the Russian invasion of Ukraine, he rapidly developed a surgical training course for doctors working on the frontline. In his normal job as a consultant surgeon at Chelsea and Westminster Hospital in London, David is no stranger to cleaning wounds, stemming blood and providing a reassuring bedside manner to his patients. And it is these skills – along with many more vital emergency ones – that he has been teaching to hundreds of Ukranian doctors via video link. His course – which included triage, damage control, burns, cardiothoracic, orthopaedic, paediatric, and plastic surgery sessions – also focuses on things such as learning how to create make-shift pelvic binders to knowing when to operate without a CT scanner. Just last weekend, David had more than 570 Ukrainian doctors and healthcare professionals listening in to his video session, making him all the more aware of just how crucial the call was. ‘When the crisis unfolded in Ukraine, we sprang into action to condense my 25 years of war surgery experience on the frontline into a 12-hour course for those in need,’ he explains. ‘As a war surgeon I know what is required to help try and save lives and it was vital for me to step in. ‘War surgery is something completely different because you need to have a mind-set about conflict. It’s a different ballgame, and we don’t get trained how to do that in this country. ‘At the frontline of war zones are medical teams working tirelessly in often under-resourced and ill-equipped hospitals. Many have never experienced traumatic war injuries, from losing limbs to having shrapnel in their body. But we must do what we can to prepare them for the possible horrors ahead as Russia continues with its murderous invasion.’ As an NHS surgeon, David’s job is incredibly stressful in normal times, so how does he cope working around the clock? ‘I know from experience what awful conditions these doctors must be working in and that is the sole reason why I set up the foundation,’ he says. ‘Being able to pass on the skills and knowledge I picked up from treating the kinds of injuries seen rarely by doctors outside of a war zone, such as blast injuries and the effects of fragmentation wounds, is vital. ‘You really know need to know about the patient, how much resources you’ve got, how much blood you’ve got, you need to know what you can do, because the things you can do in war surgery are completely different.’ For more details, visit: The David Nott Foundation Natalia, who is from the Ukraine, works at the Four Paws charity – a global welfare organisation for animals – as an assisted intervention handler. She has refused to leave her country, choosing instead to remain at the animal shelter close to her home town of Vinnytsia. Such is her love for animals, even as the air raids sirens go off, Natalia is able to smile at the dogs she is caring for at an animal shelter located in the western part of central Ukraine. Her calm manner and gentle approach is very reassuring for the animals, many of whom are cowering at the background noise of bombs and sirens. ‘The war is a danger for humans and animals and I have to do all I can to keep them safe,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. ‘Many people who have left take just what they can carry – backpacks, suitcases, and their beloved pets in their arms. But then there are the stray animals that have obviously been left behind and in the shelter the number of them is growing rapidly.’ With a rough estimate of over 350 dogs to care for – spread across two dog shelters – Natalia was able to help source and deliver dog food when she discovered they were starting to run out. ‘We delivered 1.5 tonnes of dry dog food to the animals that will hopefully keep them going for the next month. This food delivery comes as a huge relief.’ she says. Medical treatments and food are the most important things that are being taken care of for the next few days and weeks to come.’ For someone working in a war zone, Natalia’s courage and sheer determination to care for the animals demonstrates staggering bravery. She is also part of a team that includes a vet who has been offering free support to the refugees arriving with their pets at the Bucharest Northern Railway Station. The two communicate across the country by phone when they can to keep on top of the situation. ‘We are assisting Ukrainian refugees who are arriving with their pets after a long and exhausting journey,’ she explains. ‘The team has set up a comfortable tent in the railway hall to welcome refugee families and their pets so that they can have a minute to breathe and recover from what they have been through. ‘Afterwards they receive much-needed items such as food, bowls, transport cages, leashes, collars, toys, and blankets. To make sure the animals are prepared for the next step in their journeys, our vets provide free first aid care as well as deworming, microchipping, and vaccination against rabies. ‘I cant begin to tell you how bad the situation is in my country,’ Natalia goes on. ‘Everything feels unstable and very difficult. I’m worried for hundreds of people and also all of the animals in Ukraine.’ However, she admits that being able to work for a charity that helps look after the animals of Ukraine brings her ‘some relief’. ‘As it means I can do something to help,’ she explains. ‘I have no time to panic as I know I just have to focus on the task.’ For more details,visit: Four Paws Tommy Marcus, 26, from New York, runs the Instagram meme page Quentin Quarantino. He is responsible for the viral ‘trend’ that has seen thousands of people donate to Ukrainians by booking Airbnb rentals in their country. As a social media influencer, Tommy has unsurprisingly got a lot of followers on his Instagram page. And many of those 900k, thanks to him, have taken part in a viral campaign that has seen people from all over the world pay NOT to stay in Airbnb’s in Ukraine. The idea has in fact prompted so many to follow suit, it is estimated that close to $2million has now been donated – with over 60,000 nights booked. Speaking to Tommy in his New York home, his voice is a mixture of surprise, sadness and joy. He never expected the idea to snowball like it has and despite the phenomenal uptake and generosity of those who have helped, he is obviously devastated that such a horrific nightmare has forced such a thing to happen. ‘So many of my followers have been reduced to tears after getting messages of thanks from Ukrainians,’ he says. ‘I have been sent screenshots from them with messages of gratitude from people who are benefiting directly from the funds.’ The idea, which Tommy points out came through one of his followers, has led to thousands of people booking Airbnbs in Ukraine as a way to send immediate monetary assistance to people in hard-hit areas. ‘There’s definitely an emotional element that is unique about this, which I think is probably a very big driving factor and why it went viral,’ he says ‘I honestly am so humbled by the inspiring generosity of people during this moment of crisis. Airbnb is temporarily waiving guest and host fees on bookings in Ukraine at this time too which is a bonus.’ A quick google of Airbnb rentals in Ukraine leads to a page where numerous properties are listed. From a one bedroom studio flat in Kyiv to a house for eight people in Odessa, depending on what you want to spend you can choose from one night upwards. The process is a very easy one. However, take heed from Tommy’s advice to check the Airbnb listing thoroughly before booking to ensure you know who would receive the money. ‘The main thing to make sure is that you are giving money to an individual person, rather than a company who might own a bunch of flats across the city. All properties have reviews so check them out first,’ he explains. ‘There are so many amazing charities out there and this small gesture gives people who feel so helpless right now a tiny means of helping.’ If you would like to ‘book’ an Airbnb in Ukraine, click here. Nidhima Kohli, 39, is CEO of beauty products price comparison website, My Beauty Matches, and called on her contacts in the industry to help donate much needed sanitary and hygiene products. Working in the beauty business, Nidhima is used to pricing up every day items such as toothpaste, shampoo and sanitary towels. As she speaks to Metro.co.uk from an enormous warehouse in Southampton, there are piles and piles stacked up in the background, ready to be shipped off to Ukraine. Even the warehouse she speaks from is something that has been loaned to her after she made a plea to colleagues in the beauty industry to help donate goods for the Ukranian people. ‘Knowing how crucial toiletries, period products and shower gel are as everyday items, I couldn’t just sit and watch these people on the TV,’ Nidhima explains. ‘I work with these things and within moments sprang into action and called on my connections.’ The fact that her chief technology officer – whom she refers to as her ‘work husband’ – is based in the Ukraine, made her push forward the initiative as quickly as possible. In less than a week, Nidhima managed to rally support from everyone from beauty journalists to hundreds of big brands like Holland & Barrett. Soon after, a friend put her in touch with the Ukrainian postal company Nova Poshta, (the equivalent of DHL), which offered to get the goods directly into the country. ‘They are doing it out of the goodness of their own heart so is not costing us anything,’ adds  Nidhima. With more than 250,000 products sent already – including wet wipes, medicine, food, hygiene and sanitary goods – she continues to raise awareness of her cause, with more than 200 corporate donations now pouring in. As we speak, Nidhima receives more deliveries from companies like Elemis who are providing body wash, and first aid kits from Superdrug. Other essentials she’s seen coming in constantly, include medical supplies that are shipped direct to Lviv hospitals, along with power banks, blankets, bandages, pyjamas and duvets. Amongst the cardboard boxes is a load of decorated ones that touched Nidhima to the core when they arrived. ‘I couldn’t believe someone who donated ended up decorating their boxes in beautifully wrapped paper,’ she says. ‘The thought process behind it really made me emotional, thinking of a refugee opening up a box that was wrapped.’ With the trucks being able to deliver straight into Ukraine, Nidhima takes comfort in the fact she can do something to help, explaining that the process takes five days to reach those in need. ‘Like so many people, I feel helpless, so being able to call upon an industry I’m part of was a no brainer,’ she says, adding that she is in awe of the way the people of Ukraine are supporting and protecting each other. ‘Their bravery and the way they refuse to give up and keep on fighting is unreal.’ For more details on how to get involved, you can contact Nidhima here. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Claie.Wilson@metro.co.uk Share your views in the comments below. MORE : How the UK can help the people of Ukraine MORE : Stories from Ukraine: ‘It’s a living nightmare’ MORE : ‘It took me nine hours to flee Ukraine, but my brother battled for days to escape’ MORE : ‘I’m terrified, barely sleep and in hiding – but I need to show the world the truth’