JK Rowling has accused Sir Keir Starmer of misrepresenting equalities law, claiming Labour can ‘no longer be counted on to defend women’s rights.’ Sir Keir told The Times that ‘trans women are women’ according to statute in the UK, and called for a more ‘considered, respectful, tolerant debate’ about gender. But Rowling said he had misrepresented the law, which she said indicated ‘the Labour Party can no longer be counted on to defend women’s rights.’ Sharing an article on Twitter about a Tory police and crime commissioner reportedly reprimanded for her comments on gender issues, she said: ‘I don’t think our politicians have the slightest idea how much anger is building among women from all walks of life at the attempts to threaten and intimidate them out of speaking publicly about their own rights, their own bodies and their own lives. ‘Among the thousands of letters and emails I’ve received are disillusioned members of Labour, the Greens, the Lib Dems and the SNP. Women are scared, outraged and angry at the deaf ear turned to their well-founded concerns. But women are organising. ‘Now @Keir_Starmer publicly misrepresents equalities law, in yet another indication that the Labour Party can no longer be counted on to defend women’s rights. But I repeat: women are organising across party lines, and their resolve and their anger are growing.’ Rowling appeared to be referring to comments attributed to the Labour leader in an article in The Times. Asked to define a woman, he told the newspaper: ‘A woman is a female adult, and in addition to that trans women are women, and that is not just my view – that is actually the law. ‘It has been the law through the combined effects of the 2004 [Gender Recognition] Act and the 2010 [Equality] Act. So that’s my view. It also happens to be the law in the United Kingdom.’ Sir Keir was also asked about controversial legislation being considered in Scotland, which aims to make it easier for transgender people to be legally recognised as their preferred gender. The Gender Recognition Reform (Scotland) Bill sets out proposals to speed up the time it takes to get a gender recognition certificate (GRC), and would also lower the age at which trans people can obtain the document from 18 to 16. While LGBTQ+ groups have welcomed the reforms, some feminist organisations fear there could be a loss of women-only spaces – such as refuges, hospital wards, toilets and changing rooms – which could then impact women’s safety. Asked about the Scottish government’s plans, Sir Keir replied: ‘The Gender Recognition Act needs to be reformed. And I believe in safe spaces for women – I’m very clear about those too. ‘I think the 2004 act needs to be reformed, I think the 2010 act, the Equality Act, which does provide for safe spaces for women is right. And therefore I’m very straightforward about this.’ The newspaper said he called for a ‘more considered, respectful, tolerant debate about these issues,’ adding that he doesn’t think ‘it furthers the interests of anybody to continue the debate in the way that it’s been going on now for some time.’ Harry Potter author Rowling has frequently made headlines and caused outrage with her comments on the transgender community. Stars of the franchise, including Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson, have come out in support of their trans fans and voiced their disagreement with the writer’s comments. Labour declined to comment. Reps for JK Rowling have been contacted. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stereophonics frontman Kelly Jones stresses importance of ‘overcoming own little prejudices’ to raise trans son MORE : The Simpsons writer fought hard for Lenny and Carl gay sex joke: ‘We’re doing this!’ 