In his latest column, the British boxing legend previews the featherweight title clash between Josh Warrington and Kiko Martinez and looks ahead to a huge April for Fightzone. It has been a very tough year for Josh Warrington but he has the chance to get right back on track and become a two-time IBF featherweight champion against Kiko Martinez this weekend. Josh got nailed against Mauricio Lara last February and it turned his world upside down. The rematch didn’t deliver either after that early clash of heads so Josh has not had too many rounds in the last two years. However, he is looking in better shape than I think I have ever seen him in before – he looks like he has been chiselled out of stone. He has stayed in the gym, worked hard and the opportunity has come along again. I spoke to Josh the other night to wish him good luck. I asked him if he had managed making the weight okay, because when Kid Galahad fought Martinez last year, that was the bit of concern over whether he was still able for featherweight. I just wanted to know for my own peace of mind and he told me: ‘Bang on, Ricky. I’ve never done it better’. Josh will be right up for this. This is when you find out what sort of champion you are, coming back from defeat and going for it the second time around. It is alright winning when everything is going your way but you find out how good you are when your back is up against the wall and you’ve had to come through those obstacles. Josh has had that all and now he has the chance to get back on top. If he does the right things which he has always done over the years, he will be fine on the night. He never stands in front of his opponent, doesn’t stand in the pocket and he throws from lots of angles, outworking everyone he fights. If he does all that, I think he wins quite comfortably. I think it is going to be a good night for him. Kiko Martinez is a world champion, let’s not forget that. What he did that night last year against Kid Galahad was absolutely sensational. We have written him off lots of times before, after those fights against Carl Frampton and Scott Quigg, and he has come back to shock us all again. It just shows what he is still capable of doing. But I am backing Josh to get the win and become a two-time champion. I fancy a late stoppage or a clear points win. We can’t take Kiko for granted and Josh has to concentrate on what’s in front of him. But if Josh sets the pace and pushes forward like he normally does, he could run away with it. Famous last words, but Kiko can’t go on forever! Sooner or later, the batteries will run out. It all depends on what Josh does, if he keeps that work rate high, he can make Kiko look his age. Beyond Saturday, there are massive nights ahead for Josh. The Leigh Wood fight in Nottingham or in Leeds would be incredible. There is so much there for him. Of course, he will want the revenge against Lara and he will also be desperate to get over to the US to fight. That was the dream he talked about before the defeat, bringing all the Leeds fans with him over to America. If he gets his belt back, there are more options for him now than there was back then. During that time when he was knocked off the perch by Lara, plenty of doors have opened and the featherweight division has been turned on its head. He won’t be short of challenges now. April is shaping up to be a huge month for Fightzone with another big card announced this week. Jack Massey will be making the first defence of his IBO cruiserweight title on 30 April in Bolton – back where he won the belt last November. Having that title opens a lot of doors for Jack so will be hoping to make a big statement. Also on the bill we’ll have Mark Jeffers. Mark is undefeated in 14 fights, picking up the WBO Global super-middleweight title last November against Michel Garcia. He’ll be putting that belt on the line again and like Jack, will be looking to send a message out to the rest of his division. Before all that, there is a cracking British flyweight title fight on 3 April from Rotherham with Tommy Frank putting his belt on the line against Craig Derbyshire. Get all the Fightzone action free for three months – visit www.fightzone.uk to subscribe Follow Fightzone on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter MORE : ‘New chapters ready to be written’ – Josh Warrington vows to take over new-look featherweight division starting with old rival Kiko Martinez MORE : ‘I will get there’ – Dalton Smith confident his class will show as Sheffield star targets patient rise to world level For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 