Europe’s largest nuclear power plant, Zaporizhzhia, caught on fire as it came under attack from shells, and was consequently seized by Russian forces. Ukraine’s State Inspectorate for Nuclear Regulation confirmed the occupation, with Prime Minsiter Boris Johnson saying this development in the Russia-Ukraine war was a ‘threat to all of Europe’. The plant in southeastern Ukraine is hugely important, producing 20% of the country’s electricity. Staff are still on-site, though, ensuring Zaporizhzhia’s safe operation. Naturally, you hear the word ‘nuclear’ – and sometimes can’t help but worry. Could it be dangerous? Particularly given the well-known, widespread impact of the 1986 Chernobyl nuclear disaster in Ukraine. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live So, it’s worth understanding how nuclear plants work, why they’re needed – and any possible dangers they present. Nuclear power plants are used to produce electricity – and are an alternative to using fossil fuels coal, gas, and oil. It’s all powered by uranium, a type of heavy metal that we naturally have loads of on Earth, and splitting its energy-packed atoms in a controlled way to form smaller nuclei. The process is called nuclear fission. But how does that make electricity? In addition to radiation, fission creates heat, which boils water and ultimately creates steam, explains EDF Energy. The steam then powers turbines, which are used to power generators that produce electricity. That is, in a nutshell, how it all works. You can learn more details about nuclear power in the video below. When things are working safely, nuclear plants aren’t considered to be too dangerous. A number of organisations devoted to the proper, safe, and peaceful use of nuclear technology currently exist. There are industry bodies World Nuclear Association (comprised of people working in the industry) and the World Association of Nuclear Operators (WANO). There’s also the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), which is part of the United Nations. IAEA has published safety standards, and stating: ‘Nuclear power plants are among the safest and most secure facilities in the world. ‘But accidents can happen, adversely affecting people and the environment. To minimise the likelihood of an accident, the IAEA assists Member States in applying international safety standards to strengthen nuclear power plant safety.’ Of course, when things do go wrong, nuclear power plants can become dangerous – emitting masses of radiation that can harm humans and damage the environment. There are only a few examples of major nuclear power plant accidents. The Chernobyl disaster in 1986 is the best known. An explosion killed tens of people in the immediate aftermath, with thousands more suffering illnesses connected to the radiation exposure. A whole town, Pripyat, was evacuated. To this day, there is still a large Exclusion Zone in parts of Ukraine and Belarus. There was also the 2011 Fukushima disaster in Japan, where a plant was hit by a tsunami. Though were no deaths immediately during the nuclear disaster, at least 16 workers were injured in the explosions, while dozens more were exposed to radiation as they worked to cool the reactors and stabilise the plant. Nuclear power plants do have other issues relating to safety – such as the dangerous radioactive waste produced by fission. Typically, it’s stored in dry casks on the site at the plant or at a temporary facility, and, in some cases, it must potentially be stored away for hundreds of years. Many would argue that nuclear energy is the key to decarbonisation, meaning that it omits low levels of damaging, climate change-causing emissions. Currently, only 16% of the UK’s electricity comes from nuclear power plants – though, according to the BBC, the UK government hopes that number will be 25% by 2025. Most of our electricity is created via fossil fuels – oil, coal, or gas – ultimately producing a lot of harmful emissions. As producing electricity in nuclear plants is essentially carbon-free, favouring it would in theory address the issue and hopefully have a positive impact on the planet. Nuclear power can also provide larger amounts of energy on a wider scale. Others would point out the nuclear waste issue as a huge environmental concern – as well as the number of new nuclear plants that would need to be built to increase production. Nuclear power isn’t renewable either, in that there’s not an unlimited supply of uranium to mine. Using wind turbines, solar panels and other renewable energy sources would however be just that: renewable. MORE : Boris Johnson warns Russia’s attack on nuclear plant ‘threat to all of Europe’ MORE : Queen makes ‘generous donation’ to support Ukraine aid appeal Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below