A mum who admitted taking her daughter to Ukraine against a court order has been spared jail so she can save her from the conflict ravaging the country. ‘Simply humanity’ led to the judge’s decision not to send Olga Khomenko to immediate custody so she could retrieve her child from the war-torn Kyiv region. The court heard how the defendant took her daughter to Ukraine in 2017 following the breakdown of her marriage to a man who she alleges was violent and abusive. At St Albans Crown Court today, Khomenko, 37, entered a plea of guilty to abducting a child. She faced as many as five years behind bars, but in the end she was given a two-year suspended sentence. The court heard the girl, who cannot be named for legal reasons, is currently living in the region of the Ukrainian capital with her grandmother and ‘can hear the bombs raining down’. The judge was told the pair tried to escape the city by train but their attempt was thwarted when the railway station was bombed and they were turned back by Ukrainian soldiers. Khomenko was last week granted 72 hours bail by the court to travel to Ukraine but only made it as far as the Polish border before having to turn back to adhere to the time limit. She was desperate to be sentenced quickly in the hope of getting back her passport to make another attempt. Judge Michael Kay said said ‘I wish her every success’ as he handed down his sentence. He added: ‘This court is in an impossible situation. I cannot begin to understand what the situation is on the ground in the Kyiv region. ‘I imagine the system has broken down in terms of authority and the enforcement of the rule of law. It is a desperate situation, only truly desperate measures can be taken. ‘I have never known a sentencing exercise in which the issue of saving a child in a foreign country has been a factor. It’s a decision that I would be amazed if any crown court has made before. ‘These are extraordinary times,’ he added, ‘The criminal justice system has to have humanity.’ He said he was aware of the arguments put forward by the prosecution, but added: ‘Simple humanity informs me that the only appropriate sentence is one of two years imprisonment which will be suspended for two years.’ Khomenko, who stood in the dock wearing a white turtleneck jumper and blue jeans wept as the sentence was passed. Judge Kay ordered the immediate release of her passport, which is currently being held by authorities at Gatwick Airport, so she can travel overseas. Khomenko left the court with a suitcase and the intention of going straight to the Polish border to attempt to retrieve her daughter. The court heard how she divorced her husband in 2015 after an allegedly abusive marriage which led her to stay in women’s shelters on a number of occasions. After settling in Ukraine with her daughter, she was eventually extradited to the UK in 2020 after being arrested the previous year in Paris under a European arrest warrant and has been awaiting trial since, the court heard. Ahead of the sentencing, Stephen Vello QC, defending, pleaded with the judge to pass the suspended sentence. He said: ‘In short, this defendant is [the daughter’s] best chance of escaping the warzone and if she fails to escape the warzone, I hope it isn’t in any way over exaggerating that, [the daughter’s] life may or may not continue to exist for the months hence. It really is that important.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.