Madonna has left her fans stunned with her youthful look in the music video for the remix of her 1998 hit Frozen. The Queen of Pop has teamed up with Fireboy DML and producer Sickick for an Afrobeats remix of the classic track, and she’s turned back the clock for a new promo clip, too. Madonna sports a sexy all-black ensemble with her straightened hair bleached blonde for the video, while she completes the outfit with a cross necklace. In the short video, the 63-year-old star and Fireboy DML can be seen standing in front of a screen that changes sceneries as the song goes on. The guest star has his own new verse on the remix, although Madonna doesn’t have any additional lyrics in the latest release. Fans have been blown away by the visual and fresh take on the song 25 years after the original. In the YouTube comments, one fan wrote: ‘Guinness should deliver a record to Madonna, for being the woman on planet earth with the most changes of looks. She is the queen of reinvention.’ Another added: ‘Madonna entered a new decade in her perfect iconic way. This song deserved immortality!’ While a different admirer said: ‘Nothing beats the rawness and the vibe of the original but this definitely sounds great.’ To promote the video, Madonna was true to form as she shared some racy snaps from the set, including one of Fireboy with his hands wrapped out the Like A Prayer hitmaker’s waist. In another picture, Madonna was showing off her bottom in fishnets and a very revealing dress. The post was captioned: ‘Frozen Remix song and video featuring @fireboydml. Music drops March 3rd……… Video soon after! #frozen (sic)’ Her exciting musical return comes as the Sickick version of Frozen went viral on TikTok and has so far amassed over 30 million streams on Spotify. Frozen is one of the pop star’s most notable hits and served as the lead single for her seventh album Ray Of Light, released in 1998. The atmospheric track reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the US, and number one in the UK – her second to ever top the charts this side of the pond. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Madonna, 63, looks unreal in racy leather and lace outfit to promote new Frozen remix MORE : Ukraine president follows Madonna on Instagram as she posts musical montage comparing Putin to Hitler 