Friends will make you happier, healthier and even help you live longer – research backs that up. ‘The larger and more diverse your social network, the less susceptible you are to the common cold and depression,’ says Erin Falconer, friendship expert. ‘And the amount of time we spend with our friends is the single more important determinate to how long you will live. ‘Plus, nothing has more power to give us fuel, inspire joy and create true meaning than friendship.’ Sounds great. But what do you do then when you fall out with a friend? And how do you make up? We’ve watched how much drama can ensue from a friendship fallout as we watch Carrie grieve the loss of Samantha, one of her best mates, in the Sex and the City spin off And Just Like That (which mirrors an off-screen fall out between actresses Sarah Jessica Parker and Kim Cattrall). We might have even experienced the loss of a friend first-hand. Sometimes, it’s best to cut your losses and move on. But other times, a friendship rift can be resolved. Ahead, Erin give us the lowdown on how and when to make up and when not to bother… Erin tells Metro.co.uk: ‘If you’ve had a row with a friend, be honest and ask: do you really want to save this friendship? ‘What’s upset you? Is it a behaviour or an integral character trait of your friend? A behaviour can be worked on, but a character trait cannot. If it’s part an integral part of their character and you can’t live with it, then maybe you will have to exit the friendship. ‘Try to imagine your life without this person. It’s valuable to picture how that looks and feels. Is it a weight off your shoulders or a gut punch?’ ‘If you have any long-standing friendship of any consequence, conflict will arise,’ says Erin. ‘By learning to deal with the small conflicts, your friendships will grow. ‘By swallowing your feelings or not being upfront and not saying anything, small irritations can turn into explosions. ‘Try following this three-step communication model: “this the problem, this is how I feel about it, what can we do about it?”.’ A friendship is created by two people. If there’s an issue, it’s likely you had some part to play. ‘Yes, there are people that take advantage and behave badly,’ notes Erin. ‘But if you’re in that relationship for a long time, you’re co-creating that relationship. ‘Start by being a better friend to yourself. Build your self-worth and self-respect by replacing your own negative self-talk with positive.’ Erin suggests: ‘Lead with vulnerability. If you want to repair the friendship, ask to meet, be brave and say what you’re feeling and where you’ve been hurt. Talk about your feelings. ‘Tell them that the friendship is a priority, and you want to make up. Give them space to talk about their feelings and ask them if they want to repair the relationship too. ‘If it’s you who have behaved badly (forgotten a birthday/gossiped etc), apologise.’ Agree to answer the following questions together: An audit will help you both get really clear about why you are friends. We can all learn to be better friends. How? Put your phone down, stop scrolling and listen actively: make eye contact, don’t interrupt, reflect back what you heard, don’t listen to the words, tune into the emotional information your friend is giving off (is she tense, fearful, sad?). Communicate well by being honest and vulnerable and sharing your real feelings. Always be discreet: don’t gossip or share your friends’ business. Finally, make sure you prioritise your friendship – stop cancelling last minute and make time to see your friends. Research from the University of Kansas found that it takes 40 hours to become a casual friend and up to 200 hours before you make it to best friend status. If you want good friends, invest the hours. If you do decide the friendship can’t be saved, process your feelings and be clear on your message. ‘Don’t react in the moment,’ says Erin. ‘Your anger and hurt will fade but you will always feel bad if you’re unnecessarily cruel. ‘Even if you’re the one ending it, give yourself permission to grieve the loss of the friendship.’ Erin Falconer is the author of new book How To Break Up With Your Friends: Finding Meaning, Connection, And Boundaries In Modern Friendships (Sounds True, £19.99). Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why it might be time to rethink your friendships post-Covid MORE : Does the ‘eat the frog’ productivity technique really work? Could it even change your life? I tried it out MORE : Talking to strangers: How to start a conversation and make new friends