RuPaul’s Drag Race star Cheryl Hole has dished the secrets about her sex life and, naturally, she was an ‘open book’. The TV star appears as the first guest on Metro.co.uk’s brand new Smut Drop podcast, which discusses sex, dating and relationships with hosts Jackie Adedeji and Miranda Kane steering the no holds barred chats. In episode one, Cheryl provides an unfiltered look into her sex life with husband Haydn, who she tied the knot with in September 2021. Delving into 70 sexy questions to ask your partner, the Drag Race Vs The World star didn’t hesitate to reveal what she’s best at in the bedroom. When asked for her ‘favourite part of foreplay’, Cheryl confessed: ‘Sucking through and through. I give the longest blow jobs in history. I’ll go and go and go.’ Jackie and Miranda were impressed by the star’s commitment and asked for tips, to which she explained: ‘In all honesty, you’ve got to take a breather but keep on around the area. You don’t have to keep going up and down, you can just lick up and down, kiss the balls, lick around the area. You’re still keeping the action going.’ Cheryl was also quizzed on whether she’d humour Hadyn if he asked for sex in a public place, responding: ‘If it was Hayden saying I’m really horny, I want to go now, I’d be like “find the nearest disabled toilet, let’s go”.’ Speaking of married life, Cheryl couldn’t be more enamoured with her spouse and revealed how tying the knot has affected their relationship. ‘I’m not going to lie, lots of people say “married life is so different” – for me, nothing’s changed, we’ve just got a bigger ring on our fingers,’ she admitted. ‘We live, breathe and work together 24/7 so when we do have the odd day apart, it’s always like “oh”, because you really take a step back and really appreciate everything you have with each other. Nothing really changed, we just had a great big party and we just carry on doing what we do.’ Elsewhere, Cheryl also spilled the tea about what happened when Cheryl met, well Cheryl aka her namesake Girls Aloud singer. The two finally got to meet at Manchester Pride and it’s safe to say Hole was taken aback by the singer’s reaction. Smut Drop is available to download from all your usual places, from Wednesday 23 March. For a sneak peek, you can listen to our trailer here. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : RuPaul’s Drag Race season 14: Snatch Game dubbed ‘most disappointing’ by fans leaves judge Michelle Visage ‘speechless’ MORE : Drag Race UK Vs The World winner Blu Hydrangea defends Mo Heart after huge backlash over spoiler tweet 