As Russian rockets rain down on Ukraine, Vladimir Putin has been busy showing off his designer wardrobe. The 69-year-old dictator raised more than a few eyebrows with his choice of outfit for his speech at Moscow’s Luzhniki Stadium. Putin wore a £3,200 turtleneck and £10,500 puffer coat, all while telling the crowd of 200,000 people that his brutal invasion was apparently defending Russia’s ‘universal values’. Fashion experts say the pricey jacket, by Loro Piana, costs 25 times Russia’s average monthly wage. His latest catwalk comes after he showed off his £605 pair of trainers during a visit from Belarus president Alexander Lukashenko in 2019. Putin has also been known to wear a flashy £8,800 black Blancpain Grande Date Acqua Lung watch. Some commenters suggested Putin looked ‘bulky’ in Moscow with speculation that he was wearing a bullet-proof vest beneath his jacket. Putin has seldom been seen in public in recent months, due to the war and his paranoia about catching coronavirus. A clip from the end of his rally appeared to show the 69-year-old limping off stage – prompting more rumours about his health. During his speech, he told the crowd his ‘special operation’ in Ukraine was ‘a success.’ Thousands watched on and waved flags emblazoned with the white ‘Z’ symbol – a sign of pro-Russian nationalism. Fans could be heard roaring ‘Russia, Russia, Russia,’ during one part of his speech. However, it was reported people had been paid 500 Roubles – currently worth less than £3.50 – to attend the event. Others said they had been ordered by their employers to attend Putin’s rally. The Russian leader’s swish outfit has some striking similarities to his North Korea counterpart, Kim Jong-un. Kim sported a shiny leather jacket and slick aviator shades while recently inspecting the Sohae Satellite Launching Ground this week. And in November, the Daily Mail revealed people in North Korea had been banned from ‘copying’ the dictator wearing leather trench coats, a previous fashion favourite of Kim. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.