The process of buying a house involves so many moving parts. There’s the mortgage approval, negotiations, the survey and the chain – to name a few. In fact, new research has shed light on just how exhausting it can be. According to a new study, more than half of recent homebuyers say buying a home was even more stressful than they thought it was going to be. Three in ten revealed that they encountered unexpected errors in their chain, while one in five said the sellers of their new home left the property in a terrible state. Out of the 1,500 adults surveyed, nearly a quarter (24%) admitted the fear of the sale falling through was their biggest worry. But they found a number of other things anxiety-inducing, too. Around 28% said solicitors not replying was a stress for them, while 28% named the sheer amount of admin and 24% said the process of finding a house you like and can afford was taxing. However, despite all these difficult factors, it seems the process is worth it in the end – as 36% said buying a property was still one of the best things they have ever done. Cecilia Mourain, the managing director of homebuying at Moneybox (the company that commissioned the research), said: ‘For far too long, what should be one of the most exciting experiences in adult life, has been a source of anxiety and stress. This does not need to be the case. ‘These findings show that more needs to be done to help people understand what to expect throughout, as well as practical measures to support them in navigating their home-buying journey, which can be complex and very time-consuming.’ If you’re looking for ways to make everything a little less stressful, homeowners have revealed some things every buyer should do before putting an offer in on a property. Plus, be sure to check out our first-time buyer timeline for those new to the home-buying process. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How these best friends prepared for buying their first home together MORE : Homeowners fume at plans for 9ft wall in front of houses that blocks ‘lovely’ sea view MORE : Homeowner finds 80-year-old advert for her house when it was worth just £628