No taxpayers’ money was used to fund Prince Andrew’s sexual assault case payout to Virginia Giuffre, it was reported. The royal avoided a trial by agreeing to pay undisclosed sum – reportedly up to £12 million – and since then there has been widespread speculation the public might be footing part of the astronomical bill. Responding to a Freedom of Information request asking whether public money was used for his legal costs or the settlement, the Treasury confirmed ‘no public money has been used’, according to the Daily Mail. Metro.co.uk reported yesterday the disgraced prince has completed the payment to Ms Giuffre, who had accused him of raping her three times when she was 17. This allegedly happened while she was the victim of a trafficking ring orchestrated by billionaire paedophile Jeffry Epstein and former socialite Ghislaine Maxwell. Andrew has always strenuously denied the accusations, claiming he had no recollection of ever meeting the victim. Photographs from yesterday morning show him leaving Windsor Castle behind the wheel of his black Range Rover, with a man on the passenger seat next to him. It is one of the first times he has been seen publicly since he settled with Ms Giuffre in February after a decade-long battle. Whatever the size of the payout, it was reported his older brother Prince Charles loaned him up to £7 million, while the Queen covered £2 million. Speaking about the Duke of Wales’ decision to loan the large chunk of cash, a source told The Sun: ‘There were family discussions about how to “take a little from here and a little from there”. ‘Once it [money from the chalet] hits his bank account, he can pay back his brother and whoever else has lent him money.’ According to the newspaper, the royal had just 10 days to pay the money to Ms Giuffre. It is also understood he has to pay the money back to his mum and his brother when he gets the cash from the £17 million sale of his ski chalet in Verbier, Switzerland. As part of the deal Andrew, who is unemployed, also had to make a ‘substantial donation’ to Ms Giuffre’s charity supporting victims’ rights – but this is not to be interpreted as an admission of liability. A spokesperson for the prince did not wish to comment for Metro.co.uk. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.