Frank Lampard has revealed he broke his hand while celebrating Everton’s late winning goal in Thursday evening’s massive Premier League clash against Newcastle United. The Toffees have been on a horrible run of form recently and looked short on ideas for much of the match at Goodison Park – which was interrupted for a lengthy period of time after a protestor tied himself to the goalpost. Late in normal time, Everton’s task was made even harder when midfielder Allan was shown a red card, with Newcastle looking most likely to find a winner. But a brilliant, mazy run and one-two with Dominic Calvert-Lewin saw Alex Iwobi fire the home side into the lead in the 99th minute, sparking jubilant scenes. Lampard was as excitable as anyone in the dugout, fist-pumping and grabbing his players, though he revealed after the match that he caused himself some lasting damage with his celebrations – though was happy to pay the price to secure three points. As he joined the Amazon Prime Video punditry team after the game, he put out his hand and revealed: ‘I’ve broken my hand by the way in the celebrations. I’ve got the shakes! ‘I’ll take it for the three points! It was in the celebrations for the goal. I didn’t realise at the time and then as the game carried on I was like, “Woah”. I’m a bit sore there now and a bit shaky, but it’s fine.’ Asked if he cares about his hand after securing three points, he continued: ‘No, don’t care. It was an amazing night and it’s important we put perspective on it because we need those nights but there’s a long way to go. ‘But we must enjoy them and we must realise what got us that win, and it was spirit and togetherness. ‘I spoke a lot with the players this week and some players stood up tonight. Seamus Coleman, our captain, the way we defended our box. Tough game against a very, very good team, strong team in Newcastle. It was all about our spirit. ‘It wasn’t a night for quality, it wasn’t a night for calm, for getting the ball down and playing. It wasn’t that kind of night. We needed one where we had to fight for it. It means so much to this stadium, we all felt that tonight.’ MORE : Protestor ties himself to Everton goalpost by his neck and is attacked by a fan MORE : ‘Tough moment’ – Frank Lampard reacts as government sanction Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 