A woman has added an incredible £78,000 to the value of her home after renovating the property. And she did so by using second-hand items to furnish it. Harriet Langsbury, 28, is a freelance interior stylist from Gloucestershire and has transformed her 1930s home, which had been empty for nearly 30 years. She and her partner, Gavin Forsyth, 35, bought the home in December 2019 for £183,000 and adored its original features. The pair wanted to make the most out of the three-bed, semi-detached home but money was tight and so they took on the renovating project themselves. ‘We were forced into renovating, as we couldn’t afford anything else,’ Harriet says. ‘With the housing market skyrocketing, we couldn’t purchase a “ready to live in” house. ‘The house had been left empty for years, so you can imagine the state it was in. ‘We didn’t want to modernise the house beyond recognition, so we tried to keep what was left of its unique character. ‘When we started I had never picked up a drill, but now I’d be confident to do most jobs on my own. It’s so liberating learning all of these practical skills. ‘My family are all in the trade – my partner is an electrician and my dad and brother are both plumbers and gas engineers. ‘Between them, they shared the knowledge and skills needed so took on most of the tasks.’ The first room to be redecorated was the living room. They replaced the bay window for £750, replastered the walls for £250 and built their own shelving which cost just £150. ‘We started by rewiring the room, which my partner did by himself,’ Harriet recalls. ‘We put down second-hand carpet which we found for free and built shelving on either side of the chimney. ‘Lastly, we painted the walls and woodwork which my sister helped us with.’ In total, the room cost £1,240 to complete. Because of help from family members, costs were kept to a minimum and Harriet says the project wouldn’t have happened without them. One of the most expensive rooms to be renovated was the kitchen, which cost £6,570. ‘We started by informing building regulations of the structural changes and then proceeded to knock the wall through between the kitchen and dining room,’ Harriet explains. ‘We got an engineer to measure up the steel, which Gavin and his friend installed themselves. After, we installed new windows and cut the wall through to install French doors leading to the garden. ‘Then, we added hardwood flooring and replastered, as well as painting the walls and woodwork. It took us a while to work out the kitchen layout, but we managed to get this from a company called Benchmarx. She continues: ‘We saved money by adding shelving rather than top units and luckily, the sink was free as it was second-hand. ‘Our fridge was also second-hand, which we bought from Facebook Marketplace and we got the dishwasher, hob and oven all from eBay. I love the kitchen, as the open plan cooking and dining space is perfect for having everyone over. Meanwhile, the bathroom in the home was completely renovated for just £1,898 as Harriet’s dad and brother helped with the plumbing. ‘In the bathroom, we wanted to change the layout of the room as it felt small,’ Harriet says. ‘We worked out that if we moved the stud wall a few inches, we could create the layout we wanted.  So we got to work and moved the wall ourselves, before adding underfloor heating and tiling.’ One of her favourite rooms is the downstairs toilet, which was once a cupboard under the stars. Despite everyone being against the idea, as the cupboard was ‘too small,’ Harriet thinks it was the best transformation of the house and cost only £317. Overall, the pair have spent £19,294 renovating their home over the course of a year. Then, in a recent valuation, they discovered its value has increased by £78,000. Harriet decided to upload a video of the transformation on TikTok, as she wanted to inspire people to renovate using second-hand items. ‘[Buying second-hand] is a much more sustainable way of renovating and it also helps to save money,’ she says. ‘Many people have loved the ideas we had, but we have had a few ‘experts’ telling us the things we did wrong. ‘[My advice] is to always give it a go. There are so many projects you can safely attempt yourself and there are many tutorials online. ‘Always make sure that qualified professionals do the electrics, plumbing and gas though, as it’s never worth the risk. ‘We did lots of mood-boarding so we knew what we were looking for and planning is key. ‘Any changes you want to make cost money, so have a clear plan that you are confident with as this saves time and money. ‘There are so many bargains to be had out there and we cut our costs in half by hunting for the best prices.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Couple renovate their entire house with no DIY experience – and it looks amazing MORE : Woman saves over £1,100 decorating her home using second-hand furniture MORE : Ordinary-looking three-bedroom house on sale for £300k hides a palatial living room inside