Judge Rob Rinder has branded the UK’s response to the Ukrainian refugee crisis as a ‘real national embarrassment’. The Good Morning Britain star – who has been outspoken against Russian President Vladimir Putin’s ongoing war in Ukraine – has met his former   Strictly Come Dancing partner Oksana Platero’s grandmother after she crossed the Polish border, and took the opportunity to call on the government to do more. Appearing on talkRADIO live from Przemyśl train station in Poland on the border, he said: ‘The government have made a number of very positive virtue signals, little happy drops in a dark ocean. ‘It’s all very well, the wave of the great British public saying, “For a period of time, we’re happy to extend our hospitality and our greatness and our sanctuary to you”. We just want to be able to do that, you need to cut the red tape. ‘So far on our journey, every single we’re heard – from our fixers here, to the people we speak to – say that the bureaucratic reality on the ground is a nightmare. ‘We have made the offer but frankly there’s not the staff to deliver on it. I’m afraid to say, as proud as I am to be British standing here, it is a matter of real national embarrassment.’ Rob’s comments come after he shared a powerful photo on social media after meeting Oksana’s grandmother after she crossed the Polish border. He tweeted on Monday morning: ‘Oksana’s grandma is 95. She spent a week fleeing Russian shelling & FINALLY crossed the Polish border with no wheelchair, food or medical supplies but she is resolute & strong. ‘She remembers the last war & knows that ‘ultimately they will return home and Tyranny will fail.’ (sic)’ He also tweeted a link to Oksana’s GoFundMe page asking for donations to help her family with ‘accommodations, food, and medical attention’ after they fled the country earlier this month. Thus far, over $12,400 (£9,500) has been raised – more than double the initial $5,000 (£3,800) goal. While talking to talkRADIO, Rinder also described the scenes at the station with children in buggies as well as older women arriving at the border, with Poland taking in 1.5 million refugees. ‘We’ve found Polish interpreters working for free, young people across the board who are willing and are offering their services to help as many people as possible,’ he added. ‘Every person we’ve met is Polish and when you ask them why they’re doing this, it’s a question they can’t answer. The answer is, “Because they’re my brothers and sisters.” ‘ Rob and Oksana competed on Strictly together in 2016, reaching the semi-finals of the competition, and have stayed close friends since. The pro dancer recently shared her grandparents’ devastating ordeal while trying to escape danger as the Russian army advances its invasion of Ukraine. Meanwhile, Rob previously detailed his mission to get to Poland by today to reunite with Oksana’s grandparents. He wrote in tweets: ‘Oksana Platero my Ukrainian dance partner on @bbcstrictly gifted me so much. Right now her grandparents are a week into their struggle to find sanctuary in a safe country. ‘I’ll be trying to meet them on the border next week. They’re just a few of the millions who need us.’ In another post, he wrote: ‘Depends on where they make it to but I’ll be at the polish border from Monday. If they cross into Hungary the next step will be getting them to safety with their family.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Wrong Said Fred’: Rob Rinder hits back after Right Said Fred question choice to help Strictly partner’s grandparents flee Ukraine MORE : Good Morning Britain viewers call for ‘fantastic’ and ‘compassionate’ Rob Rinder to replace Piers Morgan permanently 