The cost of living is going up, but this savvy young couple are saving big after moving onto a boat to cut their outgoings. Dottie Turnbull, 21, and Tristan Van, 24, used to fork out £1750 when living in a one bed cottage in Bassingbourn, Hertforshire. But now, five months on, the couple spend less than £600 per month living on the water. Their £30k floating home was worth every penny for Dottie, who works in marketing, as she and her barber boyfriend claim they’ve never been happier. She said: ‘I’ve always wanted to live on a boat since I was a little girl – even though I have a huge fear of water. ‘We bought the canal boat in September 2022 for £30,000. It is a lot of money but it is much cheaper than a house.’ On how the pair managed to save up for their abode, Dottie added: ‘I have worked since 14 and Tristan has been barbering since 16 so we both had savings. ‘We don’t splash out on designer shoes and clothes and go to a pub rather than bars and clubs which helped when saving.’ Prior to relocating to a canal in Cambridgeshire, the couple were spending £850 per month on rent alone. Since the move, however, they now pay £400 each month to permanently park their 50 ft boat at Hartford Marina. Dottie said: ‘We have opted to stay on a long-term mooring site as we have to go to work. ‘It is quite expensive and could be cheaper if we lived up north but it’s definitely worth it. ‘There’s showers and toilets along with a pub on site which is great.’ Although they love nautical living – and the savings they’ve made as a result – Tristan and Dottie still have to ensure they have spare cash available ‘as stuff can go wrong.’ ‘Our engine and heating have broken before which is costly and freezing,’ added Dottie. Utility bills are among the areas they’ve slashed costs most, previously paying £120 month a month for electricity and water which has now been cut to £50 every three months. Dottie said: ‘Water is free which is great. Our electric and gas bill works out to be less than £8.50 per month. Our canal license is £1000 per year and insurance is £100 for the year too. ‘It’s great that we have managed to cut the living costs but we didn’t move for that reason. ‘We moved for the lifestyle; the biggest benefit is the community. We have found people are so friendly and will do anything to help. ‘We are the youngest couple on site but everyone is so welcoming.’ The main downside, according to Dottie, is the distance from their loved ones and workplaces. She said: ‘There isn’t many cons other than the fact the river is far away from our family and friends. ‘And we have an hour commute to work so often come back and it is dark and cold. ‘But it will be much better in the summer when the sun is shining. It’s so lovely waking up on the boat and looking out the window to see the swans.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman reveals simple trick to clean stained water bottles without any scrubbing MORE : Can a relationship without initial physical attraction ever work out?