Alex* says the moment his son pushed him away and said ‘no, dada – get mummy,’ it felt like a ‘punch to the gut’. ‘I knew it wasn’t his fault and that it was just a phase,’ Alex tells Metro.co.uk. ‘I didn’t take it personally but, honestly, it did hurt my heart a little bit that he didn’t seem to ever want me to read to him, or put him to bed.’ Alex and Sarah had their son, Jack*, almost three years ago. Until very recently, Jack would be very loving to his mum, and push his dad away. ‘It wasn’t all the time.’ Alex continues. ‘But when it came to important things like being comforted if he’d hurt himself, or dinner time, he just wanted his mum. ‘Sometimes, I obviously just didn’t quite cut the mustard for him,’ he jokes. This clear favouritism from Jack in favour of his mum was despite both parents working full-time and doing their best to take equal share of the childcare. Alex sometimes has to go away with work for the odd week away, and wonders whether this might have had an impact on things. In fact, it wasn’t until recently, when Sarah had to go on a work trip herself, for the first time since Jack was born, that Alex and Jack were left alone together for the week. ‘He had no choice but for me to read him bedtime stories and get him dressed in the morning,’ says Alex. ‘He missed his mum – so did I! But he soon got used to it and it definitely brought us closer together.’ Now, Alex explains, things are much more equal – and sometimes, he will even be the favourite that week. ‘He does still pick and choose who he prefers though,’ Alex laughs. ‘But I suppose that’s normal.’ And he’s right. Children having a favourite parent is very commonplace – particularly in preschoolers and toddlers. In fact, it’s almost expected behaviour. ‘It’s important to remember that it shouldn’t be taken personally,’ explains Kirsty Ketley, a qualified early years and parent consultant. ‘Nearly every parent has experienced this at some point. Often, it stems from spending more time with one parent than the other.’ ‘Bedtime can be a particular issue,’ she continues, ‘If the child is used to one parent always doing bedtime, for example. ‘Suddenly having the other can make the child feel out of routine.’ It can also happen if one parent is perhaps stricter than the other, adds Kirsty. ‘It is really important that parents are on the same page when it comes to how routines are implemented and instil the same boundaries and rules,’ she says. ‘Sharing the parenting equally will help, particularly if bedtime is an issue. You can let your child know which days will be “mummy days” and which days are “daddy days” if need be, so that they are prepared.’ Recent research has shown that there may be some bigger issues at work here, as well as which parent spends more time on certain activities. Scientists have uncovered a genetic phenomenon that ensures that, at least for some genes, one parent’s influence dominates – potentially meaning that one parent has a much greater sway over certain brain circuits than the other parent. Essentially, this means that some brain genes might naturally favour one parent over the other. Gemma Harris is a clinical psychologist. She says: ‘Sometimes the personality attributes, way of perceiving the world and style of coping is more aligned with one parent, making that parent more likely to be sought out for advice and assistance.’ While this can certainly be the case, it doesn’t mean that the child doesn’t love the other parent just as much – it’s just that they connect differently. ‘The values, the interests, the attitudes of one parent might reflect the child’s personality more,’ agrees psychologist Emma Kenny. ‘Much like in other areas of life, we tend to have preferences for certain people, because they seem a little bit more familiar to us than others. ‘And while parents can struggle with that, it’s not a bad thing, and it certainly doesn’t mean that they don’t love the parents equally.’ Lorraine Marsh, 38, co-founder of The Diamond Setter, has experienced this with her son, who is now nine. ‘Daddy makes better lunch boxes, daddy is more fun, I don’t really like it when Dad is not home – it’s too quiet, I want daddy to tuck me into bed, dad, I lost another tooth, I want the same trainers as daddy, daddy’s job is so cool!’ These are just a few examples of how Lorraine’s son shows his love and admiration to his dad, on a daily basis. ‘I do get the occasional appreciation and the odd, “I love you too mummy,” but it is clear in our household there is a favourite parent,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. This favouritism has been on display since her son could talk. Lorraine attributes it to her son and her husband’s shared love of cars, adventure, and ‘many other things’. ‘Also, my husband is very hands on and generally more “fun” than me,’ she adds. ‘In the beginning, I was bothered and concerned – but now, I’m very happy Gavin – my husband – has this relationship with him. ‘When I was growing up, I was closer to my mum but in my adult life, I actually appreciate my dad more. I guess my son will see my contributions to his upbringing later on, as he matures. ‘My husband reassures me that the love is not split. It is a whole for him and for me. ‘I tease my husband about it, which he is not a fan of but it has no effect on our relationship. If anything, it helps us realise and know that our son can call on us depending on his needs. ‘I know that if he needs help with academics, he calls on me or if he needs clean clothes. But if it is something fun or he is in trouble or hurting, he calls on his dad. ‘This “favouritism” helps us understand and respond better as parents.’ As Lorraine points to, unless there is a serious reason for a child favouring one parent over the other, the likelihood is that the favourite will change over time – or at least balance out, so that parents serve different purposes. ‘At different times of life, children will gravitate towards a certain parent, because there will be going through transitions and experiences,’ explains Emma. ‘And there will be pieces of information and advice that are more important during those periods – and, at that point, the child will gravitate accordingly. It’s not a fixed scenario.’ Despite being reassured that its normal for your child to have a favourite and urged not to worry that they love you less, not being your child’s favourite can be hard on a parent. ‘The reality is that children have a favourite parent, because they get something from that relationship more than in the other relationship,’ explains Emma. ‘And that shouldn’t be discouraged. ‘Being a favourite parent doesn’t mean that the other parent isn’t loved and cherished. And it doesn’t mean that it won’t transition. ‘What I say to parents is: try not to be childish. Your child is just being a child. ‘You shouldn’t be angry with a child for having those feelings, you should acknowledge why. ‘And if you want to shape your relationship differently, you want to maybe use some of the tactics that the other parent is using to ensure that the relationship is really strong.’ However, it’s not just the parent/child relationship that can be impacted – the ‘favourite parent’ dynamic can also, at times, cause resentment between parents, if one feels that they’re not as popular as the other. ‘But that should be managed in a positive way,’ suggest Emma. ‘It’s actually a positive thing that kids have strong attachments, whether to both parents, either parent, one parent more than the other – it means that they’ve got a secure attachment. ‘And the reality is, if you want a well adjusted child, you encourage this always.’ Emma stresses that it’s not the fault of the other person if the child seems to warm to them more. However, she caveats this with the fact that if one parent refuses to do any of the hard work, the disciplining, the encouraging to do homework, or any of the things that are boring, annoying or frustrating – and leaves the other parent to carry the load and burden of being the ‘bad one’ – then that’s unfair. ‘Clearly the child will – in childhood, not into adulhood – believe that the other parent gives them an easier time,’ Emma says. ‘And that’s not fair. It should be balanced in that respect.’ The first thing is to remember that your child isn’t expressing these emotions to make you feel bad – and you shouldn’t punish them for it. ‘While it can be upsetting to hear your child wanting the other parent more than you, you mustn’t let on to your child that you are upset or tell them they are not being “nice”, etc,’ explains Kirsty. ‘Instead, look at the reasons why they may have taken a preference and work on finding ways to change things. ‘This doesn’t mean you need to start changing the boundaries and rules or resorting to bribes, usually it is simply making sure that you invest time into your child. ‘Set time each day, if possible, for some quality one-on-one time. No distractions or siblings around.’ It may take a bit of perseverance, but keep at it and your child will come round. For older children, Kirsty reiterates that it may simply be that they have more in common with one parent than the other. ‘This doesn’t mean that they love you any less, they may just feel able to communicate better with one,’ she says. ‘Again, finding time one on one will help, as will finding some common ground.’ ‘Sometimes, favouritism can happen because one parent is more relaxed on rules and gives more material things to their child – again parents need to try and be on the same page to make co-parenting a success.’ What’s always important to remember is leaving your own feelings out of it as much as is possible, and focusing on what’s best for your child. ‘However, if it has extended to parental alienation or exclusion, talk to your child about the importance of the family unit all being connected and working together,’ Gemma suggests. ‘An older child might be responsive to suggestions on how they reconnect with the non favoured parent. ‘This can be setting aside time together for bonding activity, or something more emotional like changing the way they talk to each other, and being more explicit in how to connect emotionally.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What is gentle parenting – everything you need to know MORE : Parenting with Long Covid: ‘I can’t be the mother I want to be for my little boy’ MORE : How to talk to children about what's happening in Ukraine 