Dominic West says it was ‘very daunting’ joining the cast of Downton Abbey and that his first experiences on the set were surreal. The actor is set to star in the upcoming film Downton Abbey: A New Era, alongside series stalwarts Dame Maggie Smith, Hugh Bonneville and Michelle Dockery. West described his entrance into the Downton family during a new weekly re-watch podcast, Downton Abbey: The Official Podcast. Hosted by Jacqueline Coley and Countryfile and Strictly Come Dancing star Anita Rani, the podcast features exclusive interviews and behind-the-scenes access to the cast production teams. On making his debut with the period drama juggernaut, The Wire star admitted: ‘It’s very daunting coming onto a show that’s been going for so long that is such a big phenomenon and such a big success. ‘I’d never been to Highclere [castle] before… you go up the drive and you come over the brow of the hill and there it is. ‘It’s like some Disney castle and you can’t quite believe that it’s real,’ he added. ‘It’s such an extraordinary outline against, against the horizon and… so that was the first sort of intake of breath.’ He shared that he had enjoyed ‘a whole day or two’ meeting with his new castmates, including Dame Maggie, who he sat next to ‘at that famous dining table’. West labelled everyone’s favourite, who plays the Dowager Countess, ‘the funniest woman alive and also the sort of cattiest’. ‘It was funny sitting there talking to her, it was brilliant and… all the cast sat down and you could see they’d been doing this for however long.’ West revealed that eating scenes in the series were ‘difficult’ to film due to the heat and need to shoot individual characters, but added that he had been ‘like a kid in a candy shop’ throughout the process. Downton Abbey: A New Era is the highly anticipated cinematic return of the global period drama phenomenon which follows the lives of the aristocratic Crawley family and their servants. After multiple delays, it is now due to finally hit cinemas at the end of April. The film, written by Julian Fellowes, takes the familiar faces to the South of France to uncover the mystery of the Dowager Countess’s newly inherited villa as they try to escape a film crew at Downton. Downton Abbey: The Official Podcast is available on all major podcast networks. Downton Abbey: A New Era will release in UK cinemas on April 29. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Iconic’ character to be killed off in Downton Abbey film sequel, and it better not be Dame Maggie Smith MORE : Downton Abbey stars Michelle Dockery and Michael Fox have signed a record deal, with debut single out soon 