It’s the school disco, you’ve got your best slouch boots and chunky waist belt combo on, and you’re ready to do the Cha Cha Slide with the best of them. This is what nineties babies will associate with slouchy boots, which fell out of favour as the boho trend died out and made way for what we now know as ‘indie sleaze’. Now, however, they’re back in fashion again, being spotted on the likes of Gigi Hadid, Rihanna, Kendall Jenner, and Kaia Gerber. To put your mind at ease, you won’t have to dig out the scuffed pair you have in the back of the cupboard. The slouch boots trending in 2022 veer away from the hippie-inspired styles that were popular decades ago, with a variety of fabrics and fits to choose from. Neutral suede numbers give an ‘off duty model’ aesthetic, or you can go for skyscraper thigh-highs in glossy leather to channel some Kardashian glamour. Heels are definitely on the agenda here, although you can definitely get away with flat ruched boots – especially in those with a Western/cowboy edge or in a chunkier shape. Worn under wide leg trousers or with a slinky dress, they’re the perfect footwear to go from day to night. The coverage they provide also makes boots well-suited to our unpredictable British weather, taking you through those transitional phases when you can’t quite dress for summer or winter. We’ve picked out our favourites on the high street right now – none of which will spark throwbacks of awkwardly running from the tuck shop to the gym hall to dance to Las Ketchup. Buy for £55 from Asos. Buy for £250 from Arket. Buy for £42.99 from Public Desire. Buy for £27 (down from £50) from Boohoo. Buy for £205 from & Other Stories. Buy for £40 (reduced from £110) from Office. Buy for £89.99 from Mango. Buy for £48.30 (reduced from £60) from Nasty Gal. Buy for £55 from Missguided. Buy for £63 (reduced from £90) from Monsoon. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m an heirloom detective and reunite people with lost items’ MORE : Picture perfect and non-existent: The rise of the digi-models