People in Australia have been left outraged after a video emerged of men using clipboards to score women running past them. A woman called Elizabeth saw the men whistling at yelling while she was running along a beach in Scarborough, Perth, western Australia on Saturday. She said the men were sitting on deck chairs rating women out of 10, and writing it down on a clipboard and holding it up. ‘It took me a second to realise they were actually rating me and other women who ran by out of 10,’ she told ABC news. ‘I stewed on it for the rest of the run because I didn’t really take it all in at the time.’ On her way back, she made the decision to record the men on her phone and confront them. ‘When you see something like that, that makes you feel small and scared, you sort of want to laugh it off to make everyone feel comfortable, but then I got angrier and angrier as I ran along,’ she added. ‘Then on the way back, I decided I wasn’t going to stand for that and so I decided to say something.’ Elizabeth said she feared other women may change their running route or even never run again because of the men’s behaviour. ‘Something that people may perceive as a harmless joke can have long-term damaging effects on women and their confidence,’ she explained. In the footage, Elizabeth is heard asking the men: ‘Do you know how uncomfortable that makes people feel?’ She then asked if their ‘workplaces and families mind sexists’. One man is seen hiding behind his clipboard in the footage while another pumps his arms in the air, exclaims ‘yeah the boys’ and then calls himself a feminist. Since the video emerged, women in both Scarborough and another beachside suburb of Cottesloe have reported similar things happening, 7News reported. Podcaster Abbie Chatfield expressed her outrage at the footage, and said it was ‘disgusting and gross’, adding: ‘We are again asking, where do men find the audacity?’ The men in the video have not been publicly identified. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.