‘You just feel like you’ve lost all your independence, which makes you feel less sexy about yourself,’ says Sarah*. When we first start chatting to her, Sarah pauses quickly to grab her headphones, explaining: ‘I forget and hold my phone so long that my arms hurt, and then I can’t use them the next day.’ With symptoms ranging from extreme fatigue to brain fog and depression, Long Covid can be detrimental to many aspects of people’s lives. When even holding a phone can prove too much, having sex becomes very complicated. Around 2.4% of the population are now reporting chronic symptoms of Long Covid – such as anxiety, dizziness and joint pain – with 63% of these self-reporting sufferers saying it was adversely affected their day-to-day activities. ‘It’s not where I expected to be in my 40s,’ says Sarah. ‘There was a whole period of adjustment when we didn’t have any sex or any real intimacy because I suddenly became someone who needed care,’ she adds. ‘I couldn’t take my own bra on and off and, although my husband joked it was sexy to begin with, it very soon loses its sexiness when you just want to take your bra off and go to bed.’ Sarah first got sick in April 2020 while seeing patients with Covid in her work as a GP. After very slowly getting better, she had a ‘big relapse’ and developed post-exertional fatigue and her heart rate will spike and cause chest pains for reasons as simple as being in a hot and noisy pub. She has been off work for the last six months, and now uses a wheelchair to get around. Vicky* first fell ill in March 2020. She and her husband have been left ‘too scared’ to have sex again after the last time resulted in a big step backwards for Vicky’s ongoing recovery. ‘Interestingly,’ she tells us, ‘as part of my recovery I’ve worked really hard to reduce my stress levels (our bodies can’t heal when we’re in fight or flight mode) and because of this, my sex drive has actually increased quite a bit. ‘Frustratingly though, the last time we had sex, it caused me to have a big relapse a couple of hours later which lasted a few days, so we’ve been too scared to try again. ‘And this was in a position which was minimal effort for me, so goodness knows what would happen if we tried something more adventurous.’ Sarah, who’s also married, has found that planning everything has become key. ‘We had a lovely romantic life, which was spontaneous,’ recalls Sarah. ‘But spontaneity goes out of the window because you need to pace everything. ‘To try and manage my energy I have to plan and work out what I’m going to do where it’s going to fit.’ She and her partner have been engaging in trial and error to see what works for them now, and what doesn’t. She says: ‘My husband joked that it would be sexy to help me shave my legs. I said okay, but actually, it turns out it’s really not.’ She laughs, adding: ‘Seemed like a good idea at the time!’ Remembering his experience with what his doctor suspected was Long Covid, Tom* tells us: ‘Everything was a drag, and sex was just another thing on that list.’ Tom, who’s in his 30s, didn’t have any symptoms of coronavirus itself, but the fatigue and brain fog he felt was enough to give his GP pause. When asked about his sex life at that time in particular, he explains: ‘If I’m honest, it was just another thing to worry about with what was already a very worrying thing overall. ‘Long Covid was just emerging at the time, and although that’s what my doctor felt it was, he wasn’t sure. So all this time I was somewhere between a mystery illness and wondering whether it was all in my head, whilst at the same time trying to keep life as normal as possible.’ While Vicky found her sex drive increased, Tom’s suffered. He describes his condition as ‘a huge drain – physically and emotionally’. ‘I certainly had a lower libido, but it would come and go (albeit mostly it would go),’ he adds. ‘Sex, like everything else, was something I wanted to do in principle, but rarely had the energy or drive for.’ Tom has since returned to full strength, but for many like Vicky and Sarah, the road to recovery still stretches ahead of them. Over the two years she’s been ill, Sarah and her husband have learned new ways to be physical with each other, like making sure they share a hug every night. She says they’ve made it through a period of adjustment and grieving for the life they had before and, even though they’ve had to sleep in separate beds due to her joint pain making her restless in the night, Sarah tells us: ‘In some ways it’s brought us closer. ‘By doing that we have our own space, but we make an effort. We can have a hug, and we made sure just to have a nuzzle and to cuddle and reminisce on things we did, looking back on them as positive rather than with worry about not being able to do them.’ We’ve spoken to people before who feel that sex is often an overlooked aspect of living with serious illnesses, and thus far, Long Covid has proven no different. But the sexuality of sufferers and their partners doesn’t just disappear because they’re sick. If anything, the challenges that conditions like Long Covid present make it even more important for us to focus on things like sex which can help people maintain a good quality of life rather than just survival. ‘You know, sex will have different importance to different people,’ Sarah says. ‘But it helps you feel alive, feel valued, and it’s fun – let’s be honest. ‘We’re allowed to enjoy ourselves, still. Just because we’re sick it doesn’t mean we shouldn’t be having sex.’ Dr. Laura Vowels, principal researcher and sex therapist at sex therapy app, Blueheart, has experience treating patients with Long Covid and says the symptoms have a similar impact on people’s sex lives to chronic fatigue. She tells Metro.co.uk: ‘Clients with this condition were more likely to encounter extreme exhaustion, body confidence issues and lack of sexual desire; all of which can create barriers to intimacy and connection during sex.’ So what does Dr. Laura recommend to help her clients? ‘The main exercises I suggest to help couples overcome these issues include taking things slowly and moving away from making sex a goal-orientated experience,’ she explains, adding: ‘I would advise couples to pay attention to what feels good, such as taste, touch, and temperature, rather than purely focusing on penetration. ‘This way, partners can take their time during foreplay and enjoy the connection and intimacy without completely exhausting themselves.’ Dr. Laura also recommends something called Sensate Focus, which is a therapy technique that helps steer people away from the aforementioned ‘goal-oriented’ sexual encounters. ‘The Sensate Focus technique is particularly useful for those experiencing Long Covid and is a key part of Blueheart’s sex therapy plan,’ she explains. Dr. Laura adds: ‘The technique has been used as a sex therapy tool for many years and is one of the few proven methods that can improve libido levels, whilst teaching both partners to be more mindful of intimate experiences. ‘By reducing anxiety associated with sexual situations, it can also help couples achieve more pleasurable sexual experiences.’ The technique in large part involves a combination of gentle exposure therapy, training you to associate sex, touch and your partner with relaxation, and mindfulness. Originally devised by sexual researchers Dr. Virginia Johnson and Dr. William Masters in the 70s, Sensate Focus incorporates mindful touching exercises designed to help you and your partner explore each other’s bodies and focus on what you feel rather than what’s going on in your head. A sex therapist will often work with couples on this giving them specific exercises to do either alone or with each other over the course of a few months. *Names have been changed Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : ‘Long Covid made me suicidal – I’ve been to hell and back’ MORE : These are the top five ‘sex saviours’ for people in long-distance relationships MORE : Millions back in lockdown after Covid spreads at fastest rate in two years