Some 2,000 workers at Sainsbury’s may lose their jobs after the supermarket is set to shut around 200 of its in-store cafes. It is yet another announcement in a set of restructures by the retail giant as it attempts to control rising costs. Staff at its cafes were told yesterday morning the supermarket is proposing to close many of its sites in the spring. Around 2,000 jobs will be at risk but employees were told they would be prioritised for vacant roles in store and were encouraged to apply for jobs elsewhere in the business. Chief executive Simon Roberts said: ‘As we go through this period of transition, we have taken the difficult decision to close 200 of our cafes next month. ‘We have spoken to all colleagues affected by these changes today and are absolutely committed to supporting them in any way we can during this uncertain time. ‘Of course, we understand this is very unsettling for our colleagues, but we must keep adapting our business to make sure we are offering customers the best possible food and drink at affordable prices. ‘We are totally focused on improving what we can deliver for our customers and, at the same time, working hard to make our business simpler. ‘We are really excited about this new customer offer we will be rolling out over the next two to three years across many of our stores.’ The company added it would also be consulting staff about the decision to close hot food counters in 34 stores due to a lack of popularity and changes to the operations of bakeries in 54 branches. This will only affect a small number of employees and is included in the figure of 2,000 workers, it is understood. Sainsbury’s says it is currently transforming its dining, takeaway and home delivery food and drink offers at a wider scale. Some 67 cafes will remain open while the business reviews changes to its dining operations. Despite this, Sainsbury’s is set to open 30 more restaurants in its stores in partnership with the Boparan Restaurant Group, which runs Caffe Carluccio’s, Gourmet Burger Kitchen, Ed’s Diner and Slim Chickens brands. It said the move follows a successful trial at its branch in Selly Oak, Birmingham. The company will further open 30 Starbucks cafes in its supermarkets as part of changes to 250 stores over the next three years. The supermarket announced 1,200 jobs were at risk last April, and 3,500 positions were axed in November 2020 as it closed a number of fresh meat and fish counters. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.