Elon Musk has revealed he sometimes feels lonely as he insists he won’t pour his billions into helping humans live longer as ‘society won’t advance’. The Tesla CEO said he believes ‘most people are not happy being alone’ in remarks that follow his split from musician Grimes. Unconfirmed reports suggest Grimes has moved on and is now dating WikiLeaks whistleblower Chelsea Manning. Speaking to Business Insider, Elon said: ‘There are times when I’m lonely. I’m sure there are times when everyone is lonely. ‘But it’s pretty basic. Say if I’m working on the starship rocket and I’m just staying in my little house by myself, especially if my dog is not with me, then I feel quite lonely because I’m just in a little house by myself with no dog.’ In 2018, the billionaire said he couldn’t be happy if he wasn’t in love with a long-term companion. When questioned on this in his recent interview, he said there were ‘degrees of love’ and everyone had to be happy in work as well as love. The SpaceX founder, who recently secretly welcomed a second child with Grimes, classed himself as ‘medium happy’. His remarks came after he did a separate interview warning society would be ‘stuck’ if his company worked on products that increase lifespan. ‘That it would cause asphyxiation of society because the truth is, most people don’t change their mind. They just die’, he said. ‘So if they don’t die, we will be stuck with old ideas and society wouldn’t advance.’ He added: ‘I certainly would like to maintain health for a longer period of time. But I am not afraid of dying. I think it would come as a relief.’ Outdated ideas are already a problem in the US, which has ‘a very, very ancient leadership’, Elon cautioned. He said the country should implement a maximum age at which someone can run for office, as the oldest ever president leads America. Joe Biden is 78 years old, while the Democratic leaders in the Senate and House, Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi, are 71 and 82. Meanwhile, Republican leaders Mitch McConnell and Kevin McCarthy, are 80 and 57 years old. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.