Mason Greenwood remains unavailable for selection by Manchester United despite suggestions he had been re-added to the club’s website and could make a shock return to the squad. The 20-year-old was suspended by United at the end of January after being arrested on suspicion of rape, assault and threats to kill, with the England international later released on bail by Greater Manchester Police. Greenwood’s sponsorship deal with Nike was cancelled and United dropped all merchandise associated with the forward from their online store. He was also removed from video games FIFA 22 and Football Manager 2022, while he no longer appears on United’s app either. On Wednesday evening, however, speculation started to grow on social media that Greenwood might be returning to the fold when it was claimed he had been re-added to the club’s website, with his image showing under the first-team squad and player pages. However, Greenwood was never removed from the website in the first place – only the app in order to exclude him from interactive elements – and he will not be returning to the United squad any time soon. As far as United are concerned, Greenwood’s situation has not changed at all and he remains unavailable for selection until further notice. United’s last official communication relating to Greenwood’s situation was a statement on February 1 which read: ‘Manchester United reiterates its strong condemnation of violence of any kind. ‘As previously communicated, Mason Greenwood will not train with, or play for, the club until further notice.’ Greater Manchester Police are currently in the process of carrying out their investigation and Greenwood’s bail is due to expire on April 30 – though at that point it could be extended. He has not played for United since a Premier League fixture against West Ham on January 22, a week before the allegations surfaced. MORE : Gary Neville gives the Glazers a five-step plan to ‘reset’ Manchester United MORE : Manchester United star Edinson Cavani doubtful for Leicester clash after injury on international duty For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 