Coming to the realisation you’re trans – that your gender identity is different to the one you were thought to be at birth – can be a confusing, daunting and difficult time. But it doesn’t just have to be that. Coming out as transgender can be liberating, uplifting and a huge relief. While acknowledging their challenges, two inspiring role models spoke exclusively to Metro.co.uk about the joy of being trans. Ryder Dunagan, who is a 24-year-old trans man, said he came out as trans at the age of 19 but would have done so much younger if he’d had ‘the vocabulary and had seen trans people existing and living their lives both on TV and in real life’. ‘Unfortunately, growing up in Texas I didn’t have that,’ said the film and TV production assistant and aspiring screenwriter, who is now based in Los Angeles. ‘I had always identified as a “tomboy” growing up, I was very into superheroes, racing cars, dinosaurs and other “boy” things, but yet I was still made to wear dresses [to dance] and was separated off from all my friends when they split the PE teams by gender. ‘It was rather isolating, and I did get bullied a lot for it.’ He said when he questioned his sexuality as a teenager – while living as a woman – and figured out he liked women, he put the confusion over his gender down to being a ‘butch lesbian’ and ‘brushed off’ his concerns for a few years. But when he moved away to go to film school in New York around five years ago, his friend was performing in a drag show and he decided to dress in ‘drag king’ style to go and watch in solidarity. Ryder said: ‘I found myself absolutely loving the feeling and experience of people perceiving me as a man, being called sir, seeing the “stubble” on my chin… it made me start to think and that thinking led to a lot of self exploration to where I eventually realised that I’m a man.’ He said his coming out process was ‘bumpy’ with the change of name and pronouns, and starting hormone therapy. But he said it wasn’t an ‘entirely new conversation’ due to coming out as a lesbian previously at the age of 16. ‘Eventually, my family came on board once they saw the real difference in my happiness pre- and post-transitioning,’ Ryder said. ‘Those few months of disagreement with my family could have honestly broken me, but I’m extremely lucky in that I had a very close knit and supportive group of friends who helped when times were rougher. ‘Still, as a trans person, and as a bisexual person too, I’m sort of always coming out. That never really ends unfortunately. ‘ He said he had ‘many, many struggles’, but what he found the hardest was the ‘internal struggles’ of presenting as ‘masculine enough’. ‘I felt like I had to Google and check if there were single stall or gender neutral bathrooms everywhere I was going,’ Ryder explained. ‘I was constantly worried about if my voice sounded “manly” enough… I was trying to cater to what the world was always telling me “a man” should do, or how he should act, or dress.’ ‘Once I worked on getting over the biggest part of those issues, and allowed myself to be the man I wanted to be instead of what I thought I should be, it got a lot easier and I was so much happier because of it.’ He added a major positive though of transitioning was his ‘overall happiness’. ‘Like, I knew before coming out – when I had admitted to myself I was a man – that being free of that big secret and getting to live as myself would be freeing, but I was genuinely overwhelmed by how immediate my feeling of relief was. ‘I felt like I could breathe easy for the first time in my life.’ Amari McGee – also known as Mari – also identifies as a transgender man and said he realised this when he was ‘very young’, between the age of eight and 10 years old. Similarly to Ryder, the 23-year-old said he ‘liked everything opposite of what a “typical” girl would’. ‘I remember constantly asking myself why I couldn’t be a boy and how I never liked being a girl,’ Mari told Metro.co.uk. ‘I was always at an incongruence with my own gender. ‘It was a hard thing to process growing up because I thought the feeling would go away eventually, but when it never did… that’s when I knew.’ He described his coming out process as ‘long and composed’ and said he took time doing ‘homework’ about transgender history and medicine so he was ‘fully confident’ in his decision. Mari, who lives in Atlanta and is an LGBT+ educator, speaker and life coach, battled depression at times but said now he has transitioned he feels ‘absolutely amazing’. He said he ‘noticed an increased level of self-esteem, stress levels deteriorated, and I developed a greater understanding of my identity’. ‘Some surprises that came about were that I developed a closer relationship with my family and friends,’ he added. ‘Everyone is extremely supportive of my decision and who I now present myself to be. ‘Honestly, I would have never thought I’d feel so alive as I do now.’ Both Mari and Ryder are featuring on a new Snapchat show called Pure Trans Joy, which focuses on positive transgender storytelling, as they wish to share their experiences with others. The programme’s publisher, PinkNews, found via YouGov only 24% of UK adults are opposed to teenagers accessing online content about trans lives, and only a minority of parents (28%) are concerned about this. Mari said: ‘Pure Trans Joy is important because it provides representation and inspiration. ‘As the number of transgender individuals rises each year, the lack of representation is still present. ‘For many trans youth and young adults to see other trans individuals in a state of mind where happiness was made a centre front for someone else doesn’t bring envy – it brings joy, inspiration, and motivation. ‘Most people believe that transitioning is hard. Which at times, it can be, but not everyone’s journey has to be depressing, sad, or confusing.’ Ryder added part of his struggle was because he had ‘never been exposed to LGBT+ people in a positive light while growing up’. ‘Now, I hope that my being “out and proud” may just be something that someone scrolling through social media sees and gets to have that moment of “oh, hey, trans people exist in real life and don’t just live the constant drama (and trauma) that’s on tv”,’ he added. He hopes the show will help others with struggles around coming out, and offered other trans people the advice to ‘take your time’. Ryder said: ‘If you figure out you’re trans at four or at 40, go at your own pace. You don’t need to come out immediately or go on hormones just because someone else does. ‘Gender is an infinite spectrum, and your identity and your presentation are wholly your own. And also, your identity can change. ‘Be you. Whoever that is, and however you need to be that person.’ Pure Trans Joy launched on Snapchat yesterday – you can watch the first episode here. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.