The Loose Women panel and viewers at home were taken aback after a Ukraine reporter cut her interview short after an alarming ‘airstrike’ was heard in the studio. Journalist Marichka Padalco spoke to presenters Frankie Bridge, Janet Street-Porter, Ruth Langsford, and Kéllé Bryan about her experience reporting from the frontline amid Russia’s invasion in Ukraine’s capital Kyiv. ‘What we’re hearing now in the studio is the airstrikes, which means I have three minutes,’ she said. ‘Unfortunately, I have to say goodbye and maybe join you on another occasion,’ she added. Clarifying what just happened Ruth asked her if an ‘airstrike was coming.’ Marichka replied: ‘Gone off in the place where I’m broadcasting right now, different place. They cannot broadcast any longer, which is why I’m saying goodbye. ‘I never expected it to happen, but it happened.’ While Ruth explained that they will try and catch up with Marichka later in the show, viewers took to Twitter and praised the newsreader’s bravery. ‘@MarichkaPadalko #LooseWomen. I have just watched your interview. Your strength is beyond amazing. My heart is with you all ❤️,’ one person tweeted. While another replied: ‘@MarichkaPadalko thank you for talking to us. Huge respect & love to everyone in Ukraine, such a feeling of hopelessness watching what your Country is going through, altho we don’t yet know the wider implications for Europe. Please you & your family stay safe ❤️❤️ #LooseWomen.’ The panel was able to get Marichka back on-air minutes later after she explained that she’d moved to a different location. Speaking about how the tragic events in Ukraine have affected her personal life, she said: ‘Of course, we are not ok in the disastrous war going on, but we are trying to get ourselves together. ‘We are doing our best to win this war because that’s the only way it can end. ‘I have been a presenter for 20 years, the inversion was the most important mission in my life, and hopefully, the next mission will be to hear Ukraine has won this war.’ Before she signed off, Marichka urged viewers to ‘appreciate every moment’ with their loved ones. ‘Just two weeks the thing I was not happy about was the fact that I hadn’t lost enough weight, and now I think it’s so senseless,’ she added. Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC’s Clive Myrie returning to London after fleeing Ukraine amid Russian invasion, but vows he’ll go back MORE : Trippy video of Vladimir Putin singing to crowd of cheering Hollywood A-listers is baffling everyone: ‘This aged like fine wine’ 