John Cleese has clapped back at backlash he faced following a joke he made about slavery during a SXSW talk, after he had his ‘microphone taken away’ from him. The 82-year-old Monty Python star fronted his titular event, John Cleese in Conversation, at SXSW festival in Austin, Texas, on March 11 – alongside fellow comedians Dulcé Sloan, Jim Gaffigan, and Ricky Velez. According to the Hollywood Reporter Cleese, along with his fellow comics, discussed colonisation in the talk. ‘[People] get competitive about this business of being oppressed,’ the Rat Race actor said. ‘You do know the British have been slaves twice, right.’ The publication claims that members of the audience were uncomfortable over the comments, reporting that while some were ‘laughing and applauding, some weren’t, and it was hard to know how exactly to take it’. In an attempt to stop the actor from saying more, Sloan reportedly took away Cleese’s microphone, and told the audience: ‘I saved a comic whose career I respect.’ However, Cleese reportedly replied: ‘I want reparations from Italy. ‘And then the Normans came over in 1066… they were horrible people from France and they colonised us for 30 years and we need reparations there too, I’m afraid.’ Cleese has since tweeted: ‘Next time the Editor of the Hollywood Reporter sends someone to review a Comedy Festival he would do well to send a reporter with a sense of humour. Otherwise it’s like sending someone deaf to review a concert.’ One follower told him: ‘John, I love ur humor man, but mockingly comparing getting reperations for things that happened 1000 years ago, to things that happened less than a generation ago is a flawed comparison. But u do u.’ Cleese responded: ‘Quite right, Sajid. But that was the joke. The ridiculousness of the comparison was the joke. But if you lack a sense of irony, you might not realise that. But that’s not a good reason to deprive people who do understand irony of a good laugh.’ The star, who is best known for comedy classics such as Fawlty Towers, provided further insight into his upcoming cancel culture documentary, John Cleese: Cancel Me, in November 2021. The documentary, which is set to premiere this year, will explore the positive and negative aspects of the phenomenon. ‘There was a poll in Britain asking do you know what cancel culture is, 58% of the people didn’t,’ he said. ‘I’m trying to figure out the good side of it and the not so good, some, not all of the woke don’t understand anything about irony.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : John Cleese’s ‘microphone taken away’ during SXSW talk after shocking slavery joke MORE : John Cleese leads tributes as I’m Sorry, I’ll Read That Again star Jo Kendall dies aged 83 