Riots will break out if ministers try to impose another lockdown to halt the latest surge in Covid rates, a leading doctor has warned. Overall coronavirus cases and the number of people being admitted to hospital in the UK have been rising since the end of February. The increase is believed to be caused by waning vaccine immunity and new Covid sub-variants, which are also thought to be behind a surge of infections in China and South Korea. This may sound foreboding but Professor Roger Kirby believes the British public ‘will not tolerate’ another lockdown. ‘There’d be riots like there were in Belgium if they tried to do that,’ the president of the Royal Society of Medicine said. However, he did warn extra restrictions may be needed if hospitalisations keep going up as people freely mix and the more transmissible variant of Omicron, called BA.2, continues to spread. Case numbers quadrupled to 109,802 a day between February 24 and March 15, but deaths have declined steadily from 285 a day in the middle of January to 95 on March 13. Scotland has also just recorded its highest number of coronavirus patients (2,128) in hospital since the start of the pandemic. Case rates among the elderly are also at an all-time peak, with one in 29 people over 70 in England infected. ‘We are not out of the pandemic yet and must not risk becoming complacent,’ Prof Kirby said, in an interview nearly two years after the first lockdown was introduced on March 23, 2020. Meanwhile, vulnerable people in England will start receiving invites for a Covid spring booster jab from today. Around five million over-75s and immunosuppressed people will be eligible for the vaccine, with 600,000 expected to get letters this week. The UK Health Security Agency says 100,000 people have needed hospital treatment since Omicron’s rise in December, but jabs may have prevented around 157,000 hospitalisations. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.