Boris Johnson has insisted he challenged the Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman on his human rights record despite three more people being executed during his visit. The aim of the prime minister’s trip was to convince the Gulf states to increase oil production to help the West wean itself off Russian imports. He visited Saudi and the United Arab Emirates while trying to find new fuel supplies and ease the cost of living crisis at home. But Mr Johnson failed to win any oil commitments from either country, and instead found himself deflecting allegations of going from ‘dictator to dictator’. The prime minister said he welcomed the ‘very productive conversation’ on increasing oil production, currently capped by the Saudi-led Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec). ‘A lot of agreement that it’s important to avoid inflation, to avoid the damaging economic consequences, an agreement that we need to work together to bring peace to Ukraine,’ he told broadcasters. But when pressed if he had won a decision on increasing supply to reduce the shock of the West moving away from Russian fuel, he said: ‘I think you need to talk to the Saudis about that.’ Downing Street’s account of his with Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed also didn’t contain any indication Mr Johnson had secured any kind of commitment from the UAE. Mr Johnson, who smiled and warmly shook hands with the Saudi crown prince accused of ordering the assassination of journalist Jamal Khashoggi, insisted closer ties with the kingdom did not mean ‘we can’t stick to our principles’. He said he challenged Crown Prince Mohammed on his human rights record during a meeting of about one hour and 45 minutes in Riyadh yesterday. But he refused to go into specifics and insisted the Gulf state was changing for the better. Conservative MPs and human rights watchdogs were among those calling on the prime minister to question the Gulf states on their track records, after Saudi Arabia killed 81 people in its largest mass execution in modern history on Saturday. Saudi officials later announced three more individuals had been executed while Mr Johnson was in the country. ‘I always raise human rights issues, as British prime ministers before me have, some time after time,’ Mr Johnson told reporters. ‘It’s best if the details of those conversations are kept private, they’re more effective that way. ‘But I think you can also see that in spite of that news you’ve referred to today, things are changing in Saudi Arabia, we want to see them continue to change. And that’s why we see value in engaging with Saudi Arabia and why we see value in the partnership.’ He declined to say whether he had expressed displeasure at human rights abuses, instead saying: ‘I expressed the longstanding view of the UK Government as you would expect.’ The prime minister’s official spokesperson told reporters that the ‘PM raised human rights issues’, but added ‘I don’t have any more details’, leaving open to interpretation the extent to which they discussed abuses. Critics have questioned the move to strengthen ties with Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who was shunned by the West after US intelligence alleged he ordered the murder of Mr Khashoggi in 2018, something the Saudi ruler denies. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said ‘going cap in hand from dictator to dictator is not an energy strategy’. While Maya Foa, the director of human rights advocacy group Reprieve, said: ‘By travelling to meet Mohammed bin Salman so soon after a mass execution, Boris Johnson clearly signalled that in return for oil, the UK will tolerate even the gravest human rights abuses. ‘Carrying out these executions while the leader of a western power is on Saudi soil was a provocative act, designed to flaunt the crown prince’s power and impunity to the world.’ Mr Johnson has argued he needs to ‘build the widest possible coalition’ to address Mr Putin’s attack on Ukraine. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.