Bacary Sagna insists there is no rift in the relationship between William Saliba and Mikel Arteta and is confident his compatriot will thrive at Arsenal next season. Saliba joined the Gunners from Saint-Etienne in the summer of 2019 for £30million but is yet to make his competitive debut for the north London club. Signed by the previous regime, Saliba appeared to have been deemed surplus to requirements by Arteta when he sanctioned his departure in the summer and spent £50million on another young centre-half in the shape of Ben White. Saliba has enjoyed a productive stay at the Ligue 1 club, however, and Sagna expect him to return in the summer and provide significant competition for places. The former Arsenal right-back told Genting Casino: ‘William Saliba is an Arsenal player that’s on loan at Marseilles. Do you think next year he’ll be ready to come and play, and compete for a spot in the Arsenal team? ‘I’ve watched Saliba this season and his performances have been great for Marseilles. He’s been one of the key players defensively, he’s very calm with the ball, he can play out from the back, he’s very strong, good with his challenges.  ‘I think he just needed some time to play. And Mikel understands that. It’s not that he doesn’t like him, but I think at the age of 18 or 19 you need play, commit to playing every single weekend. He’s not one for staying on the bench, or not wanting to get involved. ‘When you are at Arsenal, you need to go somewhere and play and progress, and this is what it is, so I’m looking forward to seeing him back. ‘He’s certainly progressed in France but the Premier League is a different animal. I think he has the ability to succeed and look forward to seeing him back.’ Saliba’s current route into the Arsenal first team is blocked by White who his beginning to justify the fee it took to prise him from Brighton in the summer and Arteta is confident the 24-year-old will be rewarded with international recognition. ‘We are really happy with his performances, how he has adapted, what he brings to the team certainly,’ Arteta said. ‘Hopefully he can get rewarded, because the way he trains he looks at himself and the performance that he is having is certainly raising the attention of a lot of people.’ MORE : Glen Johnson delivers Arsenal summer transfer warning ahead of Liverpool clash MORE : Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta responds as Brendan Rodgers calls Aaron Ramsdale England’s best goalkeeper For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 