The body of a Russian model who branded Vladimir Putin a ‘psychopath’ has been found stashed in a suitcase more than a year after she disappeared. Gretta Vedler, 23, also wrote on social media that Putin’s drive to ‘enhance the integrity of Russia’ would end in tears. Her ‘jealous’ ex-boyfriend, Dmitry Korovin, 23, has now admitted strangling her to death in Moscow a month later, in February last year, after rowing over money. He told interrogators he spent three nights in a hotel room with her corpse before stuffing it inside a new suitcase and driving 300 miles to the Lipetsk region where he left it in the boot of a car. Korovin told detectives he then carried on posting pictures and messages on the model’s social media to make friends believe she was still alive. Ms Vedler’s body was discovered after a male friend, Evgeniy Foster, who is a blogger in Kharkiv, became suspicious and got another pal in Moscow to file a missing person report. A video from Russia’s Investigative Committee shows Korovin allegedly demonstrating how he killed the model, and making a full confession. Her postings on Putin in January 2021 are not considered to be connected with her death, but are chilling in the light of subsequent events. Ms Vedler was concerned over his crackdown on protests and what she saw as a desire to forge a bigger Russia. She wrote: ‘Given the fact that Putin went through a lot of humiliation in childhood, he could not stand up for himself due to his [slight] physical form, it is not surprising that he left after law school and joined the KGB. ‘Such people are timid and fearful from childhood, afraid of noise and darkness, strangers, so traits such as caution, restraint, and lack of communication are developed early in their character. ‘I can only assume, in my opinion, a clear psychopathy or sociopathy is seen in him.’ She told her followers: ‘For psychopaths, it is important to constantly experience a sense of fullness and sharpness of life, so they love risk, intense experiences, intense communication, intense activity – an intense and dynamic life. ‘Maybe he really wants to enhance the integrity of Russia and sincerely wishes the good for the Russians. ‘But can he really do anything?’ She made clear she had grave doubts, adding: ‘I think you know the answer to this question yourself.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.