It’s a brand new week, but what lies ahead? Your horoscope can help you prepare for what’s coming up. Today could be turbulent, but if you’re willing to commit, you could see results. In a relationship dilemma, Leo? You’ll need to trust your instincts on this one. Aquarius, you might be about to make a big change that will change your life for the better. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, March 25, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 A formal event may fill you with dread, even if you’ve promised to attend. If you make the effort to look your best and go along, you could benefit in many ways. It might be a little too prim for your tastes but the people you meet, and the outcome, can be a source of golden opportunities. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You may need to adopt a no-nonsense approach to something, no matter how well you know those involved. Contemplating a project that requires you to take note of regulations and rules? If so, it’s wise to go along with this for peace of mind. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 The days ahead can see you making a commitment to something because you want to get results. While this is a temporary aspect, it may plant the seed of a positive and focused plan. You’ll feel more personally fulfilled and could expand your reach significantly. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Does your relationship feel like it needs a boost? Perhaps what you really need to happen is a breakthrough, and a chance for you both to escape to the wild side and return feeling more alive than you have in some time. This invitation to break with rigid patterns is one to be accepted. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Intense feelings could take their toll and cause you to reassess a friendship or romance. Should you let your feelings show or hold back? It could be a dilemma. Thinking about it won’t help but tuning into your instincts might. It’s possible to override them but if you do, you could regret it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Have a lot on your plate? This is no time to be juggling plans. The more you can cut back your to-do list, the easier life could be. If you feel you should do something and really don’t want to, then don’t be too rigid. Enjoy some downtime, as you’ll likely get more done. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You may be tempted to put yourself last and others first. This could see you dashing around trying to juggle tasks and bending yourself into a pretzel to please others. Don’t even try! Instead, organise others to help so that you too can enjoy some well-deserved downtime. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 You could look deeper into the cost of running your home. There may be ways to get better deals. But even if there aren’t, this is a chance to let your resourcefulness come into its own. You’ll be ready to explore new methods that might lead to lower expenses. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Think carefully before promising anything as you might regret it later. If you say yes just to make an impression, be sure you really do want to go ahead, as the effort involved could wear thin. In fact, if you pile too much on your plate, you may lose interest and this might not go down well. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You may become aware of the give and take involved in your interactions. While you’re being generous, others might appear to be holding back and you could be tempted to take this personally. It may be for reasons that have nothing to do with you and more to do with their situation. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You might appear serious but underneath you are now ready to make a radical move that can bring the joy flooding back into your life. Perhaps you’re involved in finalising something and making it formal. This could be the gateway to freedom and something fresh. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 If an experience still bothers you, you’ll be ready to look at ways to tackle it and finally let it go. This could involve talking to a counsellor, therapist or life coach, who might assist you in seeing it from a different perspective. You may find it easier to see it from a detached viewpoint. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness