The wreck of Sir Ernest Shackleton’s ship Endurance may have sat on the bottom of the ocean for over a century – but it’s not uninhabited. As experts pore over the discovery of the vessel, one marine biologist has been celebrating the sea creatures that now call it home. Huw Griffiths posted a thread to Twitter highlighting the likes of sea anemones, sponges and starfish covering the wreck. ‘The wreck is amazing but can we also talk about some of the #Antarctic sea floor creatures that now call it home!’ Griffiths posted. ‘Add any others you spot to the thread!’ Huw said his favourite spot was a bright yellow sea lilly – another name for a group of invertibrate marine creatures called crinoids. ‘Sea lilies date back over 480 million years and used to be very common and diverse in all the world’s oceans until the Triassic period!’ he tweeted as part of the thread. The discovery of the shipwreck has been delighting scientists and marine biologists this morning. Astonishing new footage shows the famous explorer’s long-lost vessel, which was crushed by ice and sank in the Weddell Sea in 1915. It was found at a depth of 3,008 metres and approximately four miles south of the position originally recorded by the ship’s Captain Frank Worsley, according to the Falklands Maritime Heritage Trust. Amazingly, Endurance appears to be largely intact after a century underwater. The name is even still arced across the stern, directly below the taffrail. The discovery has been named ‘a milestone in polar history’ by the team sent out to search for it. The Endurance22 Expedition set off from Cape Town, South Africa, a month after the 100th anniversary of Sir Ernest’s death. ‘We are overwhelmed by our good fortune in having located and captured images of Endurance’, the expedition’s director of exploration, Mensun Bound, said today. MORE : Ernest Shackleton’s ship Endurance discovered in Antarctica after 107 years MORE : Why did Ernest Shackleton’s ship sink and did the Endurance crew survive?