A woman who nearly died after developing sepsis following cosmetic surgery abroad has spoken of her ‘nightmare’ ordeal after a judge awarded her a settlement.Laura Donald underwent breast augmentation surgery and thigh liposuction in Wroclaw, Poland. She then fell ill with sepsis and underwent reconstructive surgery after returning to her home in Oxford. Laura, 35, instructed specialist international cosmetic surgery lawyers at Irwin Mitchell to investigate the care she received in the east European country. Following a trial, a High Court judge has handed down judgment ruling that surgeon Dr Adam Kalecinski, and his company Noa Clinic Uslugi Medyczne was responsible for Laura’s injuries. She had travelled to Poland for surgery in January 2015 after saving for years for treatment, finding the surgery online. Mum-of-three Laura said: ‘The pain and discomfort I felt came on pretty soon after the surgery and continued to get worse. ‘By the following day, I was in agony and felt feverish. ‘I told the nurse who came to change my dressings how poorly I was feelings, but she just said I was fine. ‘My condition got worse, and I don’t really know how I got back on the flight home. ‘Fortunately, when I landed my family took me straight to hospital where I was diagnosed with sepsis. ‘I can’t remember much about initially being in hospital as I was that poorly, but my family have said I was critically ill. ‘However, overcoming sepsis wasn’t the end of it. The last few years have been a nightmare. ‘I’ve undergone a lot of further operations, including skin grafting and revision surgery. The whole experience has been terribly upsetting. ‘If I’d have known then what I do now I wouldn’t have booked the trip. I didn’t book it on a whim and spent months looking into various options. ‘Everything seemed fine and I felt reassured by the fact that the doctors had worked in the UK and everything was communicated in English. ‘Nothing will change what happened to me or make up for nearly dying, but I’m thankful that I’ve got justice for what happened. ‘I just hope that by speaking out I can help stop what happened to me happening to others.’ Cheryl Palmer-Hughes, specialist international cosmetic surgery lawyer at Irwin Mitchell representing Laura, said after the hearing: ‘What happened to Laura cannot be downplayed.’ She added: ‘Sadly we’re seeing increasing numbers of cases involving people travelling abroad for cosmetic surgery. ‘While on the face of it such trips looks appealing and websites look professional, there can often be a complex system behind such bookings and who may be responsible if something does go wrong.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.