Piers Morgan will officially be returning to television screens next month with the start date of his new TalkTV show Piers Morgan Uncensored finally confirmed. After launching a scathing attack on Good Morning Britain in the trailer for the new series, which was released earlier this month, it’s been announced that the presenter will be back on the airwaves on Monday, April 25. The new programme, fronted by one of the most outspoken and divisive figures in international broadcasting, will be a ‘fearless forum for lively, intelligent debate and agenda-setting interviews’. It also promises to ‘celebrate free speech and the right for people to share their views’. ‘I’m delighted to now be returning to live television with a new daily show whose main purpose is to cancel the Cancel Culture which has infected societies around the world,’ Piers enthused. ‘I want it to be a platform for lively vigorous debate, news-making interviews, and that increasingly taboo three-letter word: fun. I also want it to annoy all the right people.’ Piers Morgan Uncensored will be available on linear TV platforms Sky, Virgin Media, Freeview and Freesat, as well as streaming sites Amazon Fire TV, Apple TV, Samsung TV Plus and on YouTube. In a global first, the 60-minute daily show will be broadcast on weeknights in the UK on TalkTV, streamed on FOXNation in the US and aired in Australia on Sky News Australia. The primetime launch schedule will also see the debut of The Talk with Sharon Osbourne. Airing weeknights on TalkTV, the panel debate will bring together five opinionated famous faces – all from different backgrounds and with differing views – to debate the most interesting stories of the day. Covering topics from the UK and around the world, the panellists will serve up their outspoken views in an honest and straight-talking debate. Across 60-minutes, the five personalities will deep dive into the issues most affecting viewers, from news to politics, crime to health and entertainment to sport. Meanwhile award-winning political journalist Tom Newton Dunn will present a major weeknight news and current affairs programme on TalkTV. The lively, hour-long prime time show will give viewers the news that matters to them in a straight and balanced way. More details on the shows and the schedule will be unveiled in the coming weeks. Piers Morgan Uncensored launches Monday 25 April on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 