The UK could become Ukraine’s security guardian as part of a peace deal with Russia, it has emerged. Britain and ‘international partners’ are said to be discussing how to guarantee Ukraine’s future safety if Vladimir Putin withdraws his troops from Ukrainian soil. The talks are also understood to cover how nations would react if the Russian president launches another invasion. It comes amid reports Kremlin negotiators are pushing for Ukraine to be demilitarised. Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov said that a neutral military status for Ukraine is being ‘seriously discussed’ by the two nations. If agreed, Ukraine would become a similar status to Austria or Sweden, both are members of the European Union but not Nato. Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky has said Russia’s demands for ending the war are becoming ‘more realistic’. He said Ukraine could accept international security guarantees that stopped short of its longstanding aim to join NATO. ‘My priorities during the negotiations are absolutely clear: the end of the war, guarantees of security, sovereignty, restoration of territorial integrity, real guarantees for our country, real protection for our country,’ Mr Zelensky said in a video address on Thursday. A Western official, speaking about the possibility of UK involvement in acting as Ukraine’s security guarantor, told Mail Online: ‘In terms of Britain’s position as a guarantor, that is the subject of conversations with international partners. ‘Obviously, it has been asked for but the terms are very important before anyone could say yay or nay. ‘And it is not something that would happen without very concerted discussion with international partners.’ It comes as the UK announced it is deploying an air defence system and 100 personnel to Poland to protect its airspace from ‘any further aggression by Russia’. Nato has also pledged to send more troops to defend its eastern flank. Both announcements come just days after Russian missiles struck a military base in Yavoriv, Ukraine, a few miles from the border with Poland. Downing Street said the deployment of the Sky Sabre system would be ‘supporting the Polish armed forces at the request of the Polish government’. The prime minister’s official spokesman said: ‘It is, as ever, a purely defensive capability which we are providing on a bilateral basis to Poland. ‘It will remain under UK control at all times.’ He said it is a ‘short-term deployment’. The UK is currently also in the process of buying a £500 million defence system from the US which would be capable of detecting missiles fired at the UK. The government is looking to buy a ballistic missiles defence radar and two command and control battle management and communications systems made by Lockheed Martin Corp. The US State Department confirmed yesterday it approved the potential sale. While the UK is likely to have begun negotiating the deal long before Russia invaded Ukraine, the approval comes amid a surge in requests from European countries to purchase US produced weaponry. The US State Department said the sale would support US foreign policy goals ‘by improving the security of a NATO ally that is a force for political stability and economic progress in Europe’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.