Australia has been hit by some of the worst flooding in living memory, killing at least 18 and destroying farmland. More bad weather is forecast for the country’s east coast where residents are feeling abandoned by their government. Thousands of people have been forced to flee their homes after towns were cut off, farms were swept away and livestock was killed. The flooding has caused widespread destruction across Queensland and New South Wales. Sydney is bracing for more heavy rain in the next two days, which could trigger flash flooding and hamper the clean-up. There is frustration over slow relief efforts, and exasperated residents say they’ve been left to fend for themselves. Prime minister Scott Morrison has been accused of offering ‘empty words’ and – as one Twitter user put it – ‘hiding like a frightened rat’. But he insisted more troops are on the way to help. He said: ‘I can understand the great frustration (we are) seeing expressed. ‘These are floods that we have not seen in living memory in anyone’s lifetime, and even before that.’ One man in Lismore, a city in northeastern New South Wales, suggested the government was putting PR before protecting the public. In a post on Instagram, he said troops had been sent ‘a week too late… with a film crew’. Footage showed a group in military uniform apparently filming themselves emptying a trailer of rubbish. Residents have been taking stock of the damage over the weekend, and struggling to clear debris after water levels receded in some places. Power and internet are still down in several towns, and emergency services have been trying to reopen roads and deliver supplies. ‘We’ve had a week of no communications, no food, no fuel… it has been quite unnerving and emotional,’ a resident in the town of Murwillumbah, among the worst hit by the record floods, told broadcaster ABC. One woman said she had ‘lost everything’ to flooding in Lismore and put out an appeal for help. ‘My house won’t be liveable for months,’ Ella Buckland tweeted on Friday. ‘Homeless. There’s no government direction here. ‘Community supporting community. Food running out. No fuel. No power. No ice. Is help coming soon? Does anyone know?’ Around 2,000 homes are now uninhabitable, according to New South Wales premier Dominic Perrottet, who said the recovery could take years. ‘The stories that we’ve heard, the sense of abandonment that many people had in devastating circumstances is heartbreaking, and we need to ensure it doesn’t happen again,’ he said on a tour of the flood-hit regions. Rains have eased over the last two days but Australia’s Bureau of Meteorology has issued a ‘severe warning’ for parts of New South Wales, including the state capital of Sydney. There is likely to be heavy rain and ‘major flooding on numerous rivers’, it added. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.