A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenage girl was shot in Liverpool. Merseyside Police was called to Upper Warwick Street in Toxteth, at around 5.10pm yesterday following reports of gunfire. A 15-year-old girl was discovered with gunshot wounds at a bus stop and rushed to hospital. She was seriously injured but her condition has since been confirmed as stable. A short time later a man in his 20s arrived at hospital with a gunshot injury to his hand. Enquiries to establish whether the two injuries are linked continue, police said. A 21-year-old man from Toxteth was later arrested on suspicion of attempted murder, and possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life. In the wake of the shooting police have been carrying out door-to-door enquiries and combing through CCTV footage of the area, to try and find out what happened. Forensic officers have also been at the scene of the shooting. Chief inspector Col Rooney said: ‘The investigation is in the very early stages as we seek to establish what has taken place and who was involved. ‘While I understand this is a shocking incident for the local community we have a large police presence in the area carrying out a number of lines of enquiry and I would encourage people to come forward and tell us what they know. ‘I would ask anyone who was in the area of Upper Warwick Street around 5.10pm this evening who saw or heard anything suspicious or thinks they have captured anything significant on their mobile phone, dashcam or Ring doorbell to contact us as a matter of urgency. ‘There is no room for guns on the streets of Merseyside and we will do everything we can to find the person or people responsible for this incident and bring them to justice.’ Anyone with any information about the shooting is asked to contact Merseyside Police or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 quoting log 647 of March 1. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.