After nearly 20 years as Chelsea’s owner, Roman Abramovich is looking to sell the club and Hansjorg Wyss is one of the few people who could afford to buy it. The 86-year-old Swiss has confirmed that he has been offered the chance to buy the Blues and is considering his options, although says Abramovich is asking for too much money at this stage. The Russian owner of Chelsea is looking to offload the club as there is the possibility that his assets will be frozen or seized as part of sanctions due to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Wyss could be the man to replace him at Stamford Bridge, but what do we know about him? Wyss, born in Bern in 1935, studied at Harvard and worked as an engineer around the world, before making his fortune through medical device manufacturing, founding Synthes USA in 1977, the American branch of the Swiss business Synthes. He sold the company to Johnson & Johnson in 2012 for a mammoth $20.2 billion (£15.2bn). The Swiss is described by Forbes as ‘one of the most philanthropic people in the world’ with his charitable foundations having assets of over $2bn. There are various estimates for Wyss’ net worth, but Forbes have him down for $5.1bn (£3.83bn). Speaking to Swiss newspaper Blick, the 86-year-old said: ‘Abramovich is one of Putin’s closest advisers and friends. Like all other oligarchs, he is also in a state of panic. ‘Abramovich is trying to sell all his properties in England. He also wants to get rid of Chelsea quickly. I and three other people received an offer on Tuesday to buy Chelsea from Abramovich.’ Asked if he will take up the Russian on his offer, Wyss replied: ‘I have to wait four or five days now. Abramovich is currently asking far too much. ‘You know Chelsea owe him £2billion? But Chelsea has no money, which means that whoever buys Chelsea has to compensate Abramovich. ‘As of today, we don’t know the exact selling price. ‘I can well imagine starting at Chelsea with partners, but I have to examine the general conditions first. But what I can say for sure is that I’m definitely not doing something like this alone. If I buy Chelsea, then it would be with a consortium consisting of six or seven investors.’ According to Labour MP Chris Bryant, Abramovich is ‘terrified of being sanctioned’ by the UK Government and is selling his property. Last week, Bryant called on the Government to seize the Russian-born billionaire’s assets, including Chelsea which he has owned since 2003, as part of its sanctions against Russia over their invasion of Ukraine. Abramovich, who strongly denies any link with Russia president Vladimir Putin, announced over the weekend that he is giving up his ‘stewardship and care’ of Chelsea, although the inner workings of the club are set to remain unchanged following the 55-year-old’s decision and he still remains the owner. Bryant told the House of Commons on Tuesday: ‘Roman Abramovich, well, I think he’s terrified of being sanctioned, which is why he’s already going to sell his home tomorrow, and sell another flat as well. ‘My anxiety is that we’re taking too long about these things.’ Wyss revealed that three other people were offered the chance to buy Chelsea, while i reports that American investors are showing the keenest interest in the club. The Daily Telegraph say at least three parties are circling the Stamford Bridge club and preparing huge offers for Abramovich, although who these are is unclear. MORE : Swiss billionaire claims ‘panicking’ Roman Abramovich has offered to sell him Chelsea MORE : Roman Abramovich to receive offers to sell Chelsea this week with at least three parties interested For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 