Trevor Noah has jokingly responded to Kanye West’s Grammy Awards ban after the pair locked horns over the rapper’s social media posts. Ye is said to be ‘banned’ from performing at this year’s ceremony following his ‘concerning online behaviour’ aimed at his ex-wife Kim Kardashian and her new boyfriend Pete Davidson. Reacting to the news, Trevor, who is hosting the Grammys, penned: ‘I said counsel Kanye not cancel Kanye.’ Although Trevor has publicly criticised the artist’s behaviour, a source close to the comedian told CNN that he had nothing to do with Kanye being axed from the schedule. His response comes after Kanye hurled a racist slur at him on Instagram, which led to the All Falls Down rapper’s account being suspended. In the now-deleted Instagram post, Kanye, 44, shared a screenshot of a Google search for Trevor, 38, with his South African heritage displayed underneath. Reciting the lyrics from the kumbaya folk song – which originates in an African-American spiritual song evoking harmony – he changed ‘kum’ with a slur. Kanye’s post followed Trevor’s take on the highly publicised fallout between Kanye and Pete on his popular talk series The Daily Show. Some fans managed to screenshot Trevor’s reported comment under Kanye’s offensive post, in which he appealed to the rapper on a heartfelt note. ‘It breaks my heart to see you like this,’ the comedian reportedly began. ‘Damn, here we go again, everybody sayin’ what’s not for him…. There are few artists who have had more of an impact on me that you Ye.’ Trevor went on to detail how he respects Kanye as an artist and even makes sure to wear his seatbelt in cars due to the rapper’s car crash in 2002. He wrote: ‘You’re an indelible part of my life Ye. Which is why it breaks my heart to see you like this. I don’t care if you support Trump and I don’t care if you roast Pete. I do however care when I see you on a path that’s dangerously close to peril and pain. ‘You have every right to fight for your family. But you have to know the difference between that and fighting your family. I’ve woken up too many times and read headlines about men who’ve killed their exes, their kids and then themselves. I never want to read that headline about you. ‘If you’re just joking about it all and I’m an idiot for caring, then so be it. But I’d rather be the idiot who spoke up and said something to you in life, than the cool guy who said nothing and then mourns for you in prison or the grave.’ Addressing the racial slur, Trevor said: ‘Oh and as for K**n… clearly some people graduate but we still stupid. ‘Don’t ever forget, the biggest trick racists ever played on Black people was teaching us to strip each other of our Blackness whenever we disagree. Tricking us into dividing ourselves up into splinters, so that we would never unite into a powerful rod.’ He ended on a light note and joked: ‘I can’t front though, K**n Baya is also funny as s**t. During his recent episode of The Daily Show, Trevor suggested Kanye was harassing ex-wife Kim, telling viewers: ‘Do we wish to stand by and watch a car crash when we thought we saw it coming? Or do we at least want to say, “slow down, let’s all put our hazards on, because there’s a storm coming and s**t might go down”?’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 