Officials in the countries receiving the bulk of Ukrainian refugees have warned they are ‘near capacity’ as 3.6 million people have now fled the country. Most are in camps in neighbouring Poland, Slovakia, Romania and Hungary, with large numbers staying in other nearby countries such as the Czech Republic in the increasingly vain hope they will soon be able to return home. The number of Ukrainians forced to flee their homes was revealed to have soared past 10,000,000 on Tuesday. The UN refugee agency (UNHCR) estimated 6.5 million have escaped their hometowns amid Russian shelling and remain elsewhere in Ukraine. Spokesperson Matthew Saltmarsh told a briefing: ‘This is another tragic milestone for the people of Ukraine and it has been achieved in just under one month. ‘You are looking at almost one quarter of the entire population. ‘The speed and the scale of this outflow and this displacement crisis is unprecedented in recent times.’ The interior minister of the Czech Republic, which has received 270,000 refugees, said his country is ‘balancing on the edge of capacities where we are able to provide comfortable living conditions’. Speaking at a TV debate, Vit Rakusan said: ‘Living in gyms, sleeping bags, or campsites is not good for life.’ The Czech government is now trying to relocate Ukrainians from Prague, where the vast majority have arrived, into other cities, and will extend a state of emergency. Officials in Poland, which has received the vast majority of refugees at over 2.1 million, are now calling on their government to build dedicated facilities to help cope with the influx. Warsaw’s population is estimated to have grown by nearly one-fifth as a result of the 300,000 Ukrainians who have arrived in the capital. A spokesperson for the city’s authorities told the Reuters news agency on Monday: ‘We never know how many refugees will arrive. ‘We have done everything we can and the next move is up to the government to implement a system and to build refugee towns.’ Various refugee charities have warned that monitoring the flow of people across Ukraine’s borders is extremely difficult, posing challenges for neighbouring governments in planning assistance. The UN’s human rights agency has confirmed 902 civilian deaths and 1,459 injuries as of Sunday but warned the true figure is likely to be ‘considerably higher’. Most of the casualties were caused with ‘explosive weapons with a wide impact area, including shelling from heavy artillery and multiple-launch rocket systems, and missile and air strikes’, it added. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.