A police officer convicted of council tax fraud has officially been struck off by her chief constable. Detective constable Karen Colbran was found guilty last month of stealing £3,255.27 over 10 years between 2008 and 2018. She was caught out dishonestly claiming a single occupancy discount on council tax when she filled in police vetting forms indicating her partner had lived with her in Hailsham, East Sussex since 2007. The 52-year-old had told the court: ‘I just thought I had forgotten to tell them. I know I’m a serving police officer. ‘I thought council tax would be civil. I didn’t realise it was going to come as far as this.’ And yesterday a misconduct panel at Sussex Police’s headquarters ruled Colbran had breached professional standards in respect of discreditable conduct. A spokesperson for Sussex Police said: ‘An accelerated misconduct hearing is held when there is incontrovertible evidence and it is in the public interest to remove the officer from service without delay.’ Chief constable Jo Shiner ruled Coblran should be dismissed from the force without notice. She said: ‘We expect our officers to act with the upmost integrity and in accordance with the force’s values, the Code of Ethics and the Standards of Professional Behaviour. ‘The actions of this officer fell short of that and in accordance with the College of Policing guidance, she has been dismissed without notice.’ The detective of 18 years had investigated serious and complex crime during her time at Sussex CID. Colbran worked for the force for 24 years and was described as ‘bold, professional and tenacious’ by colleagues. She looked shocked and wept when a jury took less than half an hour to convict her of fraud at Lewes Crown Court. Gemma White, prosecuting, had told the court: ‘Throughout that period she was representing something to the local authority which she knew was false, misleading and untrue and was, therefore, effectively dishonest.’ Colbran is due to be sentenced on Friday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.