Gregg Wallace has pleaded with The One Show viewers at home to plan their food budgets accordingly as UK households will face an increase in their gas bills come April 1. The rate of inflation has soared to its highest level in 30 years amid the spiralling cost of living, with Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak announcing that everyone will receive a £200 discount in October as a way of mitigating the worst of the coming £700 hike in the price cap. Presenter Emma Willis addressed the current crisis during Wednesday’s episode of the BBC One programme and asked Gregg if he had any ‘tips or tricks’ for people watching. He replied: ‘As well as MasterChef, I did Eat Well For Less for years, and food prices are rising, there’s no doubt about it. ‘Please everybody plan. Plan what you’re going to eat during the week, that way you will save a fortune.’ He added: ‘Because we go out and think, “I’m going to have some mince, I’ll grab a chicken, get some sausages, might get some steak.” ‘No no no, sit down and plan what you’re going to have. Two things will happen: you’ll cut down the waste and you’ll help save the planet, and you’ll save yourself a small fortune. How about that!’ The media personality presented Eat Well for Less alongside Chris Bavin from 2013 until he stepped down in 2021. The series helped families across the UK save money, and adopt healthier food habits amid rising costs for our everyday essentials. Gregg’s guidance comes after Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis, expressed he was running ‘out of tools’ to help people. He told BBC’s Sunday Morning: ‘We’re going to have about 10million people in fuel poverty. ‘We have a real, absolute – not relative – poverty issue going to come in the UK, with food banks oversubscribed, and debt crisis agencies do not have any tools. ‘I need to say, as the Money Saving Expert who’s been known for this, I am out of tools to help people now. ‘It’s not something money management can fix, it’s not something that for those on the lowest incomes telling them to cut their belts will work, we need political intervention.’ The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Peaky Blinders fans doubt Tommy Shelby’s deadly diagnosis as they suspect ‘foul play from doctor’ MORE : Nigella Lawson is a woman after our own heart as she professes love for chip kebabs 