Bridgerton star Nicola Coughlan has teased her character may be getting steamier scenes next season, and while fans may be delighted at the news, Nicola herself is more apprehensive. This series saw Penelope battle her love for Colin Bridgerton (Luke Newton), and continue hiding her true self as Lady Whistledown from her best friend Eloise (Claudia Jessie). While the season 2 finale left her in a tricky situation, as viewers were heartbroken for the lonely Pen pining after Colin and distanced from Eloise, Nicola hinted that the upcoming chapter may have far more to offer in terms of romance. Bridgerton is based on Julia Quinn’s collection of historical romance novels, and as the first two seasons follow the first two books, we can expect something soon between Colin and Pen. The fourth book of the series, Romancing Mister Bridgerton, explores their blossoming romance, so it’s inevitable (in true Bridgerton style) that the two characters will be sharing some steamy scenes in the future. But Nicola has mixed feelings about filming those sex scenes. ‘It’s exciting and terrifying,’ she admitted to Digital Spy and other media. Knowing that her love storyline with Colin would be coming soon, she recalled joking about it with her co-star Luke in the past, but as the time draws closer ‘it becomes progressively less funny and more intimidating’. She added that she may have to submit a ‘special request’ to producers for a more PG version to avoid her family watching something too explicit. ‘I think I’m genuinely and I’m not kidding – going to ask Shondaland for a special family friendly cut. ‘Because I just think it’s embarrassing enough watching the scenes that I am not in there like that.’ Having read the book and knowing what’s coming up, Nicola added: ‘So I know that it gets extremely racy in that scene. I know already stuff that’s gonna happen. So I’m like, no, we’re good. We’re fine. It’s intense.’ She even hinted at a carriage scene from the book which offers the romance and some lust, saying: ‘it’s just if they’re sort of arguing, and then it all gets very romantic, shall we say, but I think it will be such a good scene in the show. ‘It terrifies me to think of filming but I think it would be really great.’ Bridgerton is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who does Anthony Bridgerton marry in Bridgerton season 2? Ending explained MORE : Bridgerton inspired accessories to give your outfits a touch of Regency elegance 