A pet owner seen kicking her Staffordshire Bull Terriers and pushing their heads into concrete has avoided a ban on keeping animals. Sipping from a bottle of vodka, Lyndsay Netherton, 40, was spotted by a passer-by attacking the two dogs, Sasha and Alfie, in the middle of Blyth Market Place, Northumberland. Concerned for their wellbeing, the witness called the police and an officer’s body-worn camera footage captured Netherton aggressively ranting and swearing, and barely talking coherently or standing. During the incident in July last year, one of the dogs even broke free and ran towards the witness to ‘seek protection’. Prosecutor Niamh Reading told the court the witness saw scars all over the animal’s face and the dog stayed by her side, even though the defendant was calling it back. She added: ‘The defendant seemed irate and had a bottle of vodka, which she was drinking from. ‘The witness saw the defendant bend down and use her open hand and place it on one of the dogs. ‘The witness watched as she then pushed down until the dog’s head was squashed on the concrete floor before she lost her grip. ‘She did this a number of times in an aggressive manner and she was gritting her teeth while doing it. ‘The dog appeared to be scared and the defendant was seen kicking both that dog and the other dog.’ Magistrates were told that Netherton tried to stand but ‘face planted’ the ground and had to support herself holding on to a tree. Police also said she was foaming at the mouth, her speech was slurred, her pupils were dilated and she had wet herself. Graham Crouth, defending, insisted Netherton ‘does not have a drink problem and is not an alcoholic’. He said: ‘It’s rare she gets in that kind of state. ‘It occurred because of something that had happened to her that particular day.’ Netherton, of Blyth, went on to plead guilty to being drunk and disorderly. She denied two counts of animal cruelty, but was convicted after trial and returned to the dock at South East Northumberland Magistrates’ Court this week. The defendant was given a 12-month community order, with 100 hours of unpaid work, and must pay £620 costs and a £95 victim surcharge. Chairing magistrates, Iain McCourt, said: ‘We believe this was a one-off, isolated incident and to disqualify you from owning animals would be disproportionate.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.