Money expert Martin Lewis has donated a generous £50,000 of his own money to a charity after a ‘very depressing’ phone-in on This Morning. The MoneySavingExpert.com founder took a number of calls from viewers concerned about the rising cost of gas and electricity bills. The energy price cap will be raised by 54% from April 1, 2022, to £1,971, leaving many concerned about how much their bills may rise. During his segment on Thursday’s daytime programme, Martin stated he’s finding it challenging to help those in ‘crisis’ and that the situation has left him feeling helpless. Take to Twitter, he wrote: ‘Bloody depressing @thismorning phone-in again. So many people at crisis point regarding energy bills – including those with v high usage due to disabilities. ‘I am nearly OUT OF TOOLS to help. Govt must intervene.’ Leeds-based service Money Buddies, which offers free debt and money advice, replied to his Tweet saying: ‘We are in the same boat Martin. ‘We saw twice as many people than we expected to see in February, same again in March, and we have a huge waiting list of people desperate to see us who are vulnerable. ‘We are at breaking point… the state must intervene now…’ Martin, 49, quickly replied to them and offered a donation of £50,000 to ‘get things in place to relieve pressure at speed’. He later jokingly added: ‘I’m normally against impulse spending – but I’ll let myself off this one ;).’ The charity commented that Martin’s donation would allow its trained advisors to increase their hours, in turn helping more people with financial advice. Viewers were quick to praise Martin’s generosity with one writing: ‘Can someone make this man PM?’ Another wrote: ‘What a fabulous gesture that is from someone that genuinely cares about people’s finances and welfare.’ Speaking to ITV, Sylvia Simpson who runs the charity, said: ‘I was so so pleased when he sent the tweet, I was ecstatic. It just couldn’t have come at a better time. ‘I’ve been working here for 26 years and things have never been so bad. The demand for our services is the worst I’ve ever seen it and it’s not going to get any better. ‘We have a really long waiting list of people who are desperate for our help.’ Martin is also founder of the Money and Mental Health Policy Institute charity, and presenter of The Martin Lewis Money Show on ITV. He was made a CBE in the latest New Year Honours list for services to broadcasting and consumer rights. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : This Morning viewers baffled after ITV ‘turns down brightness’ without warning: ‘My TV’s f**ked?’ MORE : Martin Lewis claims he’s running ‘out of tools’ to help people after ‘depressing’ This Morning call over energy bills 