Fashion and beauty right now are all about throwing it back to a simpler time, before Instagram filters and makeup gurus set the agenda for what we’d look like – the 90s. Trends come and go, and even though those of us around for Y2K the first time may feel old, we still love to see a new generation getting involved. While we may chuckle seeing butterfly clips and low rise jeans in the ships, there’s one comeback that carries a sense of foreboding: skinny brows. A new filter on TikTok and the current focus on pre-Millennium megastars like Pamela Anderson have got Gen Z considering eyebrow overhauls en masse. But those of us who came of age during the original razor-thin brow craze aren’t so sure. It’s not because we want to spoil young people’s fun. Many of us still live with the aftermath of over-plucking to achieve the look. I am one of those fashion victims, having waxed and plucked my brows within an inch of their lives back in the day. I was never blessed with Delevingne eyebrows in the first place, but tried to make them look more defined with my trusty tweezers. When I’d go to get them waxed and tinted professionally, the technician would automatically work to the same shape, so I assumed I was on the right track with DIY efforts. Eventually it became less cool to carry a Jane Norman bag, use concealer as lipstick, and have almost invisible brows – but the damage had already been done for me. Over the years I’ve spent a fortune on pomades and pencils to fill in the sporadic hairs left, even having microblading done to mimic regrowth. Although that helped me feel more confident without makeup, if I could turn back time I would have never messed with my features. Hopefully letting the new generation know that the effects of overzealous brow grooming can be irreversible will put them off any drastic changes. Please do have fun with your look – after all, the best beauty tricks come from trial and error. Just try to consider the potential consequences. We spoke to women who also spent their youths getting trigger happy with tweezers, in the hope that they can save you future eyebrow regret. Comedian Vix ended up with skinny brows after a beauty salon mishap. She tells Metro.co.uk: ‘I had mine threaded into extinction back when that was a thing and they never came back the right shape. I deeply regret it’. She added: ‘I did not want that either. She went in a creative direction I was not on board with… It’s basically assault. When looking at photos from that time, Vix says she remembers them as being ‘so, so bad’. ‘They are absolutely ruined to this day,’ she added. ‘The shape has to be artificially created, I can’t manage at home unless I am literally drawing them on every day.’ Erin, from Manchester, has destroyed the evidence of her threadlike 90s eyebrows, but tells us her cautionary tale. She says: ‘My eyebrows were always a massive pain, I had a monobrow from a young age, probably about nine or 10. And when I got to secondary school I was teased for them (the braces and acne didn’t help either). ‘So one day I decided to take action. I plucked the middle, but I found it really painful. When that was done, I realised they were still enormous and untidy and basically just took a razor to them…. from the top. ‘Now it’s only in hindsight all these years later that I know you should never ever ever go from the top, always tackle the hairs from the bottom of your brow and go from there.’ Though she tried to regrow the shaved hairs, Erin says ‘they never had the same shape again. She continues: ‘Now, it’s 20 years on and I’m in regular sessions with an eyebrow specialist – we’ve been working on my brows for over a year to try and get them symmetrical and full. It’s been a long road. ‘Over the years I’ve had microblading, waxing, threading, nothing has sorted them out whatsoever. They’re a nightmare but I’m finally getting there with them, at huge expense.’ Our very own Deputy Lifestyle Editor Natalie has her own tale of eyebrow regret. She shares: ‘My mum warned me so many times… she told me not to mess with my eyebrows, that they were important for “framing my face”, but 2005 me did not heed her words. ‘I plucked my eyebrows to within an inch of their lives. I was obsessed with having them as thin as possible, and maintaining that became a daily task. ‘Looking back at the pictures of teen-me now, I can’t believe I thought they looked good, but in my defence – we all looked like that. ‘I feel like my brows never recovered. They stayed pretty sparse and I was never able to get the strong bushy brows back that I had as a child. In lockdown I even tried to not touch them for basically two years, hoping that would stimulate growth – but alas, it didn’t work. ‘Now I am considering microblading to fill them out a bit more. The thought of returning to a thin-brow era sends a shiver up my spine.’ Jo, who lives in Manchester, tells Metro.co.uk: ‘I over plucked at around 16 or 17 and it took ages to grow back.’ As for her advice to anyone curious to get in on the trend, she says: ‘Don’t do it! Overplucking can actually damage the hair and prevent it from growing back. ‘Mine took a while to grow back and I still have sparse parts to my eyebrows but that’s partly down to my plucking. I wouldn’t recommend shaving either as that can cause ingrown hairs and also irregular growth. ‘If someone had told me not to touch my brows as a teen I wouldn’t have, but I did it because I had no guidance on how to tweeze or shape my eyebrows naturally. ‘Luckily after growing mine out I was introduced to HD brows and my brow tech, Steph, helped me get my brows back.’ Proving how popular skinny brows (and skinny brow remorse) were, Metro.co.uk Lifestyle Reporter Lizzie also fell foul of the 90s and 00s trend. Lizzie says: ‘I am so glad mine grew back considering how much I over-plucked – but they are very patchy now.’ When asked how she managed to reverse the damage, she adds: ‘Honestly, I think I’m just lucky my brows grow quickly ‘When I was at uni (in Liverpool as well) people started embracing the Scouse brow. I did the same and they gradually thickened up as I started getting them threaded and shaped.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Here’s how to support a transgender friend MORE : No exercise for a week has the same effect on mental wellbeing as seven nights of bad sleep, says study