*WARNING: Gruesome content below* Below Deck Sailing Yacht viewers were left wincing in pain after witnessing chef Marcos Spaziani’s gruesome injury in the most recent episode. The foodie was working hard to satisfy the latest batch of very picky guests on board – after they previously took aim at his dishes. However, he hit his head while coming out of the fridge beneath the crew quarters, and sliced a part of his scalp off in the ordeal. Daisy Kelliher quickly ran to get Colin MacRae’s help as he made his way into the crew mess, covered in blood – and holding a piece of his scalp in his hands. ‘He’s taken the f**king top of his f**king scalp off,’ Colin said as the chief stewardess got a medical kit. Despite Marcos insisting that he wasn’t in pain and that it’s ‘not that bad’, a worried Captain Glenn Shephard shared his fears for his colleague. ‘My first thought is that this is the end of the season for Marcos,’ he told the camera. ‘It’s that serious.’ Thankfully, a doctor came on board and bandaged Marcos back up, explaining that it was just a superficial wound. Without missing a beat, the chef wrapped his head in cling film and got back into the galley to whip up more food in a bid to impress their guests. ‘My head f**king hurts so much, but these guests don’t care if I cut my head,’ he said in an interview. ‘They want their food on the table. So I can’t stop cooking.’ What a total pro. Chatting to fans on Twitter after the episode aired this week, he informed them that it took a ‘few weeks’ for his head to heal, but his hair later grew back. ‘Thanks everyone for show a huge support big love from me #BelowDeckSailing,’ he added beside a smiling selfie. The wild times on Parsifal III didn’t stop there, as Daisy and first mate Gary King ended up getting very steamy in the hot tub – to the surprise of all their co-stars and viewers watching from home. Something tells us that the drama is only just getting started… Below Deck Sailing Yacht is available to stream on hayu now, with new episodes dropping on Tuesdays. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Ellen DeGeneres Show final date revealed: Kim Kardashian and Michelle Obama confirmed for last ever episode MORE : Vanderpump Rules star Katie Maloney in marital home while Tom Schwartz ‘crashes with pal Tom Sandoval’ amid split 