The Golesworthys, a family of four in which no one is smaller than 6ft tall, are used to getting attention for their height. Whenever the Leicester family go out together, they’re liable to get some interesting reactions from others. Mum-of-two Nikki Golesworthy, 56, is the smallest in her family at 6ft 2in, while her husband Tom, 54, is 6ft 6in, daughter Amelie, 19, is 6ft 3in, and son Daniel, 17, is 6ft 4in. That’s a combined height of 25ft. Nikki, who works as a designer, said: ‘It’s mostly stares, and sometimes you can hear someone say “oh my god they’re so tall”. ‘We usually notice when people have walked past us on the street, and they do a double-take.’ Nikki says her family can struggle to find clothes that fit, and spent hours looking for a new car that could accommodate them – which turned out to be a Skoda Superb. She added: ‘My husband and son struggle to buy shirts that fit because often ones that have long enough sleeves also have a huge collar. ‘Both of my children were wearing two or three sizes bigger than they should have when they were at school. ‘My daughter was wearing adult men’s trousers when she was 14 or 15 because her legs were so long.’ They’ve also made changes to their home to keep everybody comfortable. ‘Guests always complain that they can’t use our mirrors because they’re so high,’ said Nikki. ‘Our house already had lovely high door frames, so we don’t have to duck going into rooms. ‘All our kitchen counters and beds are quite high as well. ‘My husband and I had a bed made when we got married because before that we would both hang off the edge.’ Over lockdown, while the four of them were only seeing each other, they got used to only being around their very tall family, and almost forgot about the height of the rest of the world. She said: ‘When it’s just us together, it doesn’t seem that different. ‘Last year, one of Amelie’s friends came round to drop off presents when the restrictions allowed it. ‘After she left, Amelie said “I’d forgot how tiny normal people are!” because we’d only seen each other.’ Both sister and brother were of average weight and height when they were born, but it didn’t take long for them to grow and grow. Nikki said: ‘I didn’t look very big when I was pregnant, because I have more space in my middle region to carry them. ‘I went out with friends when I was about eight or nine months along with Daniel, and some people didn’t even realise I was pregnant.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Family quits 9-to-5 grind to live on converted schoolbus and travel the US MORE : Family of seven transform 119-year-old church into gorgeous home complete with a slide MORE : Model gets surgery because family said she looked like Bruce Forsyth