Denise Van Outen has spoken openly about her split from Eddie Boxshall, saying she’s ‘done a lot of crying’ following the relationship. The Celebrity Gogglebox stars, both 47, ended their seven-year relationship in January after they planned to marry this year. Speaking to Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas on The One Show, the former Neighbours actress opened up about how her relationship ending forced her to alter her upcoming book in a bid to remain ‘honest and truthful.’ She said: ‘I think it was the toughest thing for me, I mean the book is very upbeat because I’ve had a lot of incredible work experiences and I cover a lot of the 90s, all the hedonistic days, it’s all in there.’ The autobiography was due to be released in November, however, Denise revealed that it was around that time when she ‘found out everything that had been going on.’ She shared: ‘I had to make a decision and we had to pull the book and it’s unheard of, and we had to get rid of all of the books. ‘I had to sit down and do a re-write. ‘So, at that particular time, can you imagine how raw it was, you know, to put your heart and your feelings on paper and for it to be so public… listen, there are highs and lows in this career and I’ll take them all because I have good times and bad times. ‘You have to accept the good with the bad and I kind of felt like I couldn’t write an autobiography without being really honest and truthful about my feelings.’ She added: ‘Because we had shared the sofa together on television [on Gogglebox] and people got to know us as a couple, it felt only fitting that I needed to sort of explain just a few things.’ She finished: ‘It’s been hard, but I’m in a really good place at the moment, and I’ve done a lot of my crying at home and I’ve got through that part of it, and like I said I’ve only put in the book all the facts of everything that happened that led to the breakdown of the relationship.’ The former BBC weather star admitted that now had felt like the right time to write a book about her life, despite being approached in the 90s, as now she’d reached the age when she ‘had a lot of experience’ and ‘a story to tell.’ She said: ‘Actually now would be the right time, and it felt at that time I was in a really good place, felt really content with my life, and I felt happy enough to be able to sit back and reflect on a few things.’ ‘With my career, I have got to a point where I have worked with some incredible people, and had some amazing experiences, and I thought now is the time to share them.’ Denise announced her split from Eddie on January 7, explaining on Instagram: ‘Over the past couple of months, there has been much speculation regarding my relationship with Eddie. It saddens me to confirm that we are no longer a couple.’ She continued: ‘I had to make the difficult decision not to continue in our relationship. I will always treasure the good times we spent together, and the memories made.’ Denise and Eddie first met in 2014 when they were set up on a blind date by presenter Zoe Hardman. The TV presenter is a mum to Betsy, 11, from her marriage to Lee Mead, while Eddie has two children from a previous relationship – 21-year-old Leah and 25-year-old son Jordan. The One Show is available to stream on BBC iPlayer now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Denise Van Outen’s ex-fiance Eddie Boxshall praises her in heartfelt post despite split: ‘Most amazing mummy’ MORE : Denise Van Outen says she’s ‘proud to know when to walk away from relationships’ after splitting from ‘cheating’ ex Eddie Boxshall 