Chelsea are facing the prospect of losing a host of academy starlets – including highly rated Xavier Simons – on free transfers due to the sanctions imposed by the government. The west London club are currently unable to offer contracts to players due to the terms of their special operating license, with Chelsea effectively in limbo after owner Roman Abramovich’s assets were frozen. In the first team, Antonio Rudiger, Andreas Christensen and Cesar Azpilicueta are now all expected to leave at the end of the season with Chelsea prevented from offering them new deals. The problem extends to the academy, too, with The Sun reporting that six academy youngsters could depart this summer as a result of the restrictions imposed on the club. Chief among them is 19-year-old midfielder Simons, who is very highly rated by Chelsea and captained the Under-23 team in the UEFA Youth League. He has also impressed Thomas Tuchel and was handed a start at right midfield in a 2-0 victory over Brentford in the quarter-final of the Carabao Cup in December, while he was also part of the matchday squad for their third-round FA Cup tie with Chesterfield a month later. Simons’ contract situation already had a number of Premier League clubs keeping tabs on him, with Brighton, Southampton, Norwich and Watford all linked with moves. In addition to Simons, England Under-17 World Cup winner George McEachran, who has been at Stamford Bridge since the age of eight, is also in the final months of his contract. Forward Thierno Ballo, midfielder Dion Rankine and defenders Sam McLelland – who has already been capped by Northern Ireland – and Josh Brooking will also be out of contract at the end of the campaign. The youth players are said to be completely in the dark over what will happen and, unlike their first-team counterparts in the same position, have received little communication or reassurances about the situation. If Abramovich manages to sell Chelsea before the summer, the restrictions will be lifted and Chelsea will be able to renew the contracts, but right now rival clubs are starting to circle. MORE : Potential new Chelsea owner has meeting with Marina Granovskaia and Petr Cech at Stamford Bridge MORE : Middlesbrough chairman Steve Gibson brands Chelsea ‘pathetic’ over FA Cup request and slams Bruce Buck For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 