Strictly Come Dancing winner Rose Ayling-Ellis has shared how excited she feels to have been nominated in the same category as Adele at the upcoming Bafta TV Awards, describing the honour as ‘really cool’. Last year, the EastEnders star blew the nation away on the BBC competition when she and her partner Giovanni Pernice twirled their way to the Glitterball Trophy. While they delivered several unforgettable performances on the show, one stood out in particular, when in the middle of their Couple’s Choice routine to Clean Bandit’s Symphony, the pair danced in silence as the music stopped in celebration of the Deaf community. The routine has been nominated for Virgin Media’s must-see moment at this year’s Virgin Media Bafta TV Awards, which will take place in May. Other nominees include Adele’s emotional reunion with her schoolteacher during An Audience With Adele, Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly making a dig at the Downing Street partygate on I’m A Celebrity and Bimini Bon Boulash’s verse of UK Hun on RuPaul’s Drag Race UK. On Friday’s edition of The One Show, hosts Alex Jones and Rylan Clark spoke to Rose and her interpreter over Zoom about how she feels about the nod, with the actor remarking that it’s ‘a big nomination’. ‘I’m a huge fan of Adele! I love Adele. I’m in the same category as her, it’s really cool,’ the 27-year-old said. Rylan then suggested that Rose and Giovanni should perform a dance accompanied by Adele’s dulcet tones, to which the actor replied: ‘That would be lovely.’ Singer James Bay and former professional footballer Jamie Redknapp were also on the show, with the latter asked if he would ever consider going on Strictly. Unfortunately for any fans hoping to see the A League Of Their Own star take to the dancefloor, he said that there’s ‘more chance of flying to the moon’ than him donning his dance shoes. The other nominees of the must-see moment at the awards ceremony are Colin’s Aids diagnosis on powerful Channel 4 drama It’s A Sin and the Red Light, Green Light Game on Netflix series Squid Game. Following the news of her Bafta nomination, Rose expressed her excitement on Twitter, writing: ‘Arghhhhhhhhh!!!! Thank you so much.’ The must-see moment is the only award that’s voted on by the public at the Bafta TV awards. Voting in the category is currently open, and is due to close at 5pm on April 19. You can vote for the award here. The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rosie Jones would ‘absolutely’ love to go on Strictly and dubs winner Rose Ayling-Ellis her ‘hero’ MORE : Adele loved-up with boyfriend Rich Paul at NBA All-Star game amid engagement rumours and baby plans 