A black box from a Chinese passenger plane has been found after it crashed into a mountain with 132 people on board. The China Eastern plane suddenly dove on Monday, hurtling into the ground in a rural part of the southern Guangxi region. Rescue teams were dispatched to battle a ‘mountain fire’ and search for survivors, but all are now presumed dead. Tracking data suggest Flight 5735 fell 29,100ft in two and a half minutes, little more than an hour after taking off from Kunming en route to Guanghzou. Shocking footage shows the mountainside littered with small pieces of the plane, as searchers use drones and sniffer dogs to comb the steep forested slopes. Mud-stained wallets, bank and identity cards have been recovered, with each scrap of debris numbered and marked off by police tape. Officials said the black box recovered today is one of two, and was so badly damaged they can’t tell if it’s the flight data or cockpit voice recorder.   Relatives of victims have begun arriving at Lu village just outside the crash zone, where they were stopped by police. One woman was overheard saying her husband, the father of their two children, was on board the flight. ‘I’m just going in there to take a look. Am I breaking the law?’ she said. The woman and a companion were then escorted away, while reporters were told to stop filming. Another man, who just gave his surname, Ding, said his sister-in-law had been on the plane. He said he hoped to visit the site but had been told little by authorities. ‘We’re just coming here to have a look,’ Mr Ding said, adding his ‘heart sank’ when he heard about the crash. He was also escorted away. Investigators say it is too early to speculate on the cause of the crash. It’s believed an air-traffic controller tried to contact the pilots several times after seeing the plane’s altitude drop sharply but got no reply. China Eastern is based in Shanghai and is one of China’s three largest carriers with more than 600 planes, including 109 Boeing 737-800s. All of the airline’s fleet of 737-800s have now been grounded, in a move that could further disrupt domestic air travel. The Boeing 737-800 has been flying since 1998 and has a well-established safety record. It is an earlier model than the 737 Max, which was grounded worldwide for nearly two years after deadly crashes in 2018 and 2019. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.