The family of a football fan who was brutally knifed to death a decade ago have made an emotional appeal to help catch his killer. Tom Kirwan, 23, was stabbed outside Uberra nightclub in Wolverhampton, West Midlands, on July 8, 2012. Although five people were convicted for their part in a mass brawl, no one has ever been charged with his murder. So now, leading up to the 10th anniversary of Tom’s death, Crimestoppers and his family are offering a £30,000 reward to help find his killer. Tom’s mum Emer said: ‘For 10 years, we as a family and as a community, have made numerous appeals to find answers. To no avail. ‘The answers we believe lie within multiple separate witness groups. ‘From the sober doorstaff to the group who were convicted of affray and the simple bystander. Ten years on I am reaching out to you all. ‘Firstly; the doorstaff, you watched the horrors unfold that the CCTV missed. Why not come forward? ‘Secondly the group charged with affray. Has the passage of time played heavily on your consciences? Do you now have families of your own? ‘Imagine that loss, imagine the horror of having the most beautiful person in your life taken so cruelly. ‘My son’s life ended alone, without his family or a familiar face with him. ‘Don’t live in fear of cowards. Please give Tom the long-awaited justice that he so much deserves.’ Wolverhampton Wanderers fan Tom was involved when a fight broke out between two groups of people in the early hours of the morning. A further group arrived in vehicles and joined in when Tom was stabbed and then collapsed. An ambulance was flagged down and he was rushed to hospital, but he died of his injuries. A friend of Tom’s was also stabbed that night – but he suffered head injuries which left him unable to remember what happened. Detective superintendent Shaun Edwards, of West Midlands Police, said: ‘Unfortunately the actual incident when Tom was stabbed wasn’t on CCTV. ‘Over the years we have studied hours of CCTV and the movements of people around the area on that night. ‘We’ve interviewed numerous people who were present on the night, both witnesses and potential suspects, and revisited all of the forensic evidence taken from the scene and from Tom’s clothing. ‘Our investigation has never closed and every new piece of evidence will be considered and reviewed.’ Anyone with information can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 or West Midlands Police on 101. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.