More than four million refugees have fled their homes in Ukraine since Vladimir Putin launched his invasion. The new figure comes five weeks after Russian troops were sent into the country on February 24. The number of people leaving has eased over the last few days as many await developments in the war, aid workers say. It comes as the Kremlin vows to pull troops back from Kyiv and Chernihiv ‘to increase trust’ during peace talks. Of those who have left, 2.3 million refugees have headed into Poland, the UN refugee agency says. An estimated 6.5 million people have also been displaced from their homes within the country. Rather than scaling back, Russia has redeployed some of its forces to the east in an effort to encircle Ukrainian forces, a government adviser has claimed. Oleksiy Arestovych says some forces remain near Kyiv to tie up Ukrainian soldiers there and prevent them from moving to other areas. Russia has not pulled back any troops from the northern city of Chernihiv so far, he said. Volodymyr Zelensky had cast doubt on the statement from Russia – which continued dropping bombs after promising to create humanitarian corridors earlier this month. ‘Yes, we can call those signals that we hear at the negotiations positive. But those signals don’t silence the explosions of Russian shells’, the Ukrainian president said. ‘Of course we see the risks. Of course we don’t see any basis for trusting the words voiced by those or other representatives of the state that is continuing to fight for our destruction.’ Boris Johnson had also warned Putin could still ‘twist the knife’ to cause more death and destruction in Ukraine. A ceasefire alone will not be enough to justify the West lifting sanctions, he said. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.