Ralf Rangnick is not sure how long Cristiano Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani will remain sidelined for after both missed the Manchester derby on Sunday, but sounded surprised that they were not available this weekend. United were beaten 4-1 by City at the Etihad, with Rangnick not playing a recognised striker as Ronaldo and Cavani were out and Marcus Rashford was left on the substitutes’ bench. Ronaldo was out with a hip flexor issue that he had suffered with earlier in the season, while Cavani has not played in nearly a month with a nagging injury. The Uruguayan has been in training this week but still did not feel ready to play while Ronaldo could not train on Friday and Rangnick was informed by the club’s doctor. ‘Well, I have to believe my medical department,’ said Rangnick after the loss on Sunday. ‘Our doctor came to see me on Friday morning, before training, and told me Cristiano cannot train with the problems he has with his hip flexor. The same was true on Saturday and that’s why he couldn’t be part of the squad.’ Rangnick sounded tetchy when asked if it is frustrating that Cavani is struggling to regain fitness, cutting off the question to say: ‘Would it help anything to tell you it’s frustrating? ‘It’s just a fact. If players tell the doctor and medical department they cannot play, as a manager, I have to accept it. I cannot force a player to play if he’s not available because he’s got an injury. ‘Look, Edi trained the last few days and trained well but he’s still feeling it after those three training sessions. Yesterday afternoon, he was still not fit to play. It’s a fact. I cannot force a player to play as a manager, if he doesn’t feel fit enough and well enough in order to play.’ Asked when either striker would be back by Sky Sports, he said: ‘I don’t know. I was hoping to have them available for this game. We have two important games coming up against Spurs and Atletico and we have to put our full focus on that.’ MORE : Gary Neville mocks Ralf Rangnick’s ‘tactical show off’ in Man Utd defeat to Man City MORE : ‘They were terrible!’ – Gary Neville slams Marcus Rashford and Jesse Lingard after limp cameos off the bench in Man City defeat For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 