A female prisoner serving a life sentence for killing her ‘sugar daddy’ and dumping his body in a freezer died with Covid after refusing to shield in prison, a report found. Sharon Swinhoe, 52, was found guilty in 2013 of murdering Peter McMahon, 68. She’d used her fingernails to gouge his eyes out before transporting his body in a suitcase and hiding his remains in a chest freezer at a friend’s flat. Swinhoe received a minimum 25-year jail term for murder but served less than ten years as Covid-19 caused her to die of multiple clots that obstructed the blood flow to her organs in March last year. A report into her death by the prisons and probation ombudsman said she had asthma and a chronic lung disease which put her at high risk of complications from coronavirus. After initially agreeing to shield, she then refused to from August 2020, according to the report. She felt unwell and tested positive for Covid on February 7 last year. On February 15, a nurse found she had low blood oxygen saturation but Swinhoe refused to go to hospital. A second nurse requested an emergency ambulance and she again refused to be taken by paramedics. Her health deteriorated on February 23, when a nurse discovered she had a left-sided facial droop, a right-sided weakness and was not able to hold her body up. Swinhoe was unable to speak in full sentences and was responsive to voice only. She died in hospital later that day. The ombudsman’s report noted that it appeared she contracted Covid at New Hall prison near Wakefield, West Yorkshire. Swinhoe and accomplice Joseph Collins, who was handed a minimum term of 20 years, had both denied murdering Mr McMahon. But they were found guilty, and were also convicted of perverting the course of justice. Swinhoe’s trial judge described her as a ‘sinister and controlling’ woman who used her ‘charm’ to manipulate men. He said the duo had targeted Mr McMahon ‘for financial gain, preying on his generosity and then plundering his bank accounts after his death’. The former civil servant was last seen alive on October 18, 2012, when he took a taxi to the home of Swinhoe, with whom he had been having a relationship. His body was found six weeks later in December in the chest freezer in Collins’s flat. Swinhoe was described as having no remorse by the prosecution at her trial at Newcastle crown court in 2013. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.