Up to 132 people are feared dead after their plane crashed into a mountainous area of China and caught fire. The passenger jet, described as a Boeing 737, was said to have suffered an unspecified ‘accident’ before hurtling into the ground in a rural part of China’s southern Guangxi region. Data from flight trackers indicates a China Eastern Airlines flight from Kunming to Guanghzou fell from 29,100ft in around two-and-a-half minutes before disappearing near the city of Wuzhou, just over an hour after takeoff. The plane maintained full speed for more than 2 minutes as it plummeted and was still moving at 80% velocity when transmissions stopped. The last data received from the plane registered an altitute of 3,225 feet at 2.22pm local time on Monday. Unverified footage circulated on social media showed a huge plume of smoke rising from a hillside forest. Rescue teams were dispatched to search for survivors and battle a ‘mountain fire’ caused by the crash, broadcaster China Central Television said. Firefighters were later seen combing the area, finding debris matching the plane’s outer hull strewn across the woodland. There was no immediate confirmation of the number of casualties. The Boeing 737-89P was delivered to China Eastern Airliens in 2015 and had been flying for more than six years. The 737 series of twin-engine, single-aisle aircraft is one of the world’s most popular planes for short and medium-haul flights. The 737 Max version was grounded worldwide in March 2019 after two fatal crashes in five months which killed 189 people in Indonesia and 157 in Ethiopia. Boeing paid an estimated $20 billion in fines in connection with the incidents, and the model did not begin resuming service in most countries until early 2021, following major design and system changes. China was one of the last major economies to clear it for a return to service late last year. According to Aviation Safety Network, the last fatal plane crash in China was in 2010, when an Embraer E-190 regional jet crashed on approach to Yichun airport in low visibility, killing 44 of the 96 people on board. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.