Looking to the weekend or still keen to finish the work-week with a flourish? Whichever it is, we’re here to help, with a set of horoscopes to boost your near future, whatever your star sign. Time to steam ahead with that family project, Pisces. And don’t worry if some relationships aren’t working out, Taurus. Not all of them do. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, March 10, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 Is something on your mind? Today’s Quarter Moon encourages you to talk about it. Just getting it out in the open could help you see it in perspective and feel positive. It can also bring you to the point where you’re able to make a decision. From here, you’ll have a clear path to settling this for good. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 The thought occurs to you that someone is worth getting to know because they are useful. Don’t feel bad as all relationships work on this principle, even if it’s not immediately obvious. Today’s Sun-Moon angle suggests that a friendship can benefit both of you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 It helps to be consistent if you’re involved in something important. The Moon in your sign suggests you could keep going off on a tangent, which means progress may be delayed. It’s best to make a decision and stick to it. Follow through and all will be well. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Trust your intuition and don’t be bamboozled by facts. You could get caught up in the rights and wrongs of a course of action. Your heart knows what’s best. The Quarter Moon in your spiritual zone encourages you to go beyond your mind and know that the feelings you have are the right ones. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 If you’re going to team up with others you may need to share things you’d prefer to keep private. Today’s lunation could find you keen to keep your cards to yourself when you’d be better to talk freely and not worry about others using your ideas for their gain. Without trust, this project may not work out. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 The Quarter Moon in your sector of ambition is a chance to make sure everyone is on the same page. If there are any objections, this can be an opportunity to discuss them. With a strong emphasis on your sector of relating, your focus is more on others and their feelings. Still, it’s vital to make your voice heard. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Ready to explore new paths that take you out of your comfort zone? A lively lunar phase suggests this might be good for you. It’s time to make embrace the idea of personal growth. If something piques your interest, follow it up. There’s no knowing where it may lead but you’ll enjoy the journey. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Been thinking about a short break? If so, travel plans might come together fairly fast. A dynamic blend of energies could spark ideas of places to go and you may get a good deal price-wise too. Keen to have company? A friend with connections can be an excellent companion. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Today’s Quarter Moon could involve a lot of conversations as issues may need to be addressed. Getting other people’s opinions might be crucial to the process of furthering your aims. If someone is being purposely vague, put them on the spot. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Before you proceed any further it’s wise to be clear in your own mind what you are doing. If you’re keen to make forward strides, today’s lunar phase suggests drilling down into the detail. There’s a chance you’ve missed something crucial that could cause a snarl-up further down the line. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 A resourceful focus could inspire you to start a side hustle. If you’ve been toying with this idea, today’s Sun-Moon angle might find you keen to take things one step further. If you have entrepreneurial skills, don’t wait too long. Soon, you may be supplementing your income and enjoying doing so. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Today’s Quarter Moon in Gemini can coincide with a turning point regarding a family project. If everyone is happy, it’s full steam ahead. If not, go back to the drawing board. In addition, you may find insights from an intuitive nudge. If you’ve had trouble solving an issue, positive solutions may emerge. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness