Netflix has unveiled its first look trailer for a new documentary examining the ‘evil within’ Jimmy Savile. Savile died in 2011, aged, 84, having never been brought to justice for his crimes of paedophilia while he’s now thought to be one of Britain’s most prolific sex offenders. The chilling two-minute teaser for Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story hears from a number of contributors as well as the monster himself talking in archive footage. ‘I am a voluntary helper,’ Savile is heard saying. ‘Sometimes, when nobody’s looking, I help the lassies.’ ‘Let me tell you, you really are missing something,’ he says in another snippet. ‘In fact, you’re missing everything.’ Savile was one of the UK’s most beloved TV personalities, however, after his death an investigation prompted more than 450 horrific allegations of sexual assault and abuse, with victims as young as five. ‘He knew fame and power gave him every door,’ one contributor tells the camera, with another adding: ‘It turns out, everywhere he’d been there’d been abuse.’ The documentary examines, through extensive archive footage, the evil within Savile and delves into how he managed to fool an entire nation for four decades. Netflix’s film comes ahead of the BBC’s drama The Reckoning starring Steve Coogan, which will explore the children’s TV presenter’s horrific acts against young women and how he used his celebrity and powerful connections to conceal his wrongdoings to hide in plain sight According to the Sun, Savile’s victims will feature in the series after it was confirmed some of his survivors met with Coogan while he was dressed as the offender on set. Since The Reckoning was announced in 2020 it has received widespread backlash. The BBC has come under fire for dramatising his horrific crimes and has been accused of ‘hypocrisy’ considering Savile’s past with the broadcaster. In October 2020, Piers Wenger, controller of the BBC drama, implored that they ‘do not intend to sensationalise these crimes but to give voice to his victims’. On why the BBC wanted to tell the story, executive producer Jeff Pope explained: ‘We must understand why a man like Jimmy Savile seemed to remain immune for so long to proper scrutiny and criminal investigation.’ Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story arrives April 6 on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 