Anthony Martial has rubbished reports of disharmony between Cristiano Ronaldo and his Manchester United teammates, while the Frenchman also sent a message to the club over his own future. The Portuguese superstar’s arrival pushed Martial down the pecking order at Old Trafford and, after making just two Premier League starts in the first half of the season, the 26-year-old elected to join Sevilla on loan in the January window. While Ronaldo has continued to be prolific, netting 18 goals in 31 appearances this season, there have been some question marks over his role in the side and affect on the rest of the players. As well as reports of friction with some of his teammates, Ronaldo openly suggested that the younger players in the team were not listening to his advice and questioned the mentality within the squad. He is also said to have surprised his teammates by flying home to Portugal when he was left out of the squad that lost to Manchester City last week – though he responded by bagging a hat-trick against Tottenham. Now Martial, who spent several months playing and training alongside Ronaldo, has played down suggestions that the 37-year-old is a difficult character and insists the squad all got along well with him. Asked if it is true that Ronaldo was a problem in the dressing room, Martial told AS: ‘Cristiano is a top professional, one of the best in the history of the game. ‘We all love him. There are things that are said in the media that are not true. I was in that dressing room and I know what happened.’ Martial, who returns to England on Thursday to take on West Ham in the last 16 of the Europa League, also suggested he would not be turning his Sevilla loan into a permanent stay and says United are fully aware he wants a transfer this summer. On his future, he continued: ‘I asked United to leave because I wanted to play but I still have a contract. They know what I want, so we will see at the end of the season. I’m here just for the end of the season and that’s it.’ Asked why he picked Sevilla, he added: ‘I had a lot of options but I talked to the manager [Julen Lopetegui] and with Monchi and I said Sevilla was the best option to play and enjoy football again because I lost it a little bit in Manchester. ‘I wasn’t playing and I knew that if I went to Sevilla, I would have the occasion to play and enjoy myself. I feel very good at Sevilla. The city’s very good and we are a good team, so for me it’s perfect. I’m playing so I am happy.’ MORE : Erik ten Hag breaks silence on Manchester United speculation MORE : Manchester United captain Harry Maguire takes swipe at Atletico Madrid players after Champions League defeat For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 