Russia’s national team captain Artem Dzyuba says he is ‘against any war’ but has hit out at the sanctions towards his nation’s athletes. In response to Vladimir Putin’s decision to invade Ukraine, leading sports governing bodies around the world have moved to prevent Russian athletes and teams from competing. FIFA and UEFA announced this week that Russia will no longer be in with a chance of qualifying for the World Cup later this year, while Spartak Moscow have been kicked out of the Europa League. Dzyuba, meanwhile, has been personally criticised by Everton’s Ukrainian defender Vitaliy Mykolenko for not speaking out against Russia’s invasion of his homeland. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live But while the 33-year-old, who was born in Moscow, has hit back at Mykolenko and says he is ‘proud to be Russian’. ‘I did not want to comment on the topic of events in Ukraine. I didn’t want to not because I’m afraid, but because I’m not an expert in politics, I’ve never gotten into it or was going to (unlike a lot of political scientists and virologists who have recently appeared on the internet),’ Dzyuba wrote on Instagram. ‘But I, like any person, have my own opinion. Since I am attracted to this topic from all sides, I will express it. ‘I’m against any war. War is a scary thing. But I am also against human aggression and hatred, which is gaining some extreme scale every day. ‘I’m not ashamed to be Russian. I’m proud to be Russian and I don’t understand why athletes have to suffer now. ‘I’m against double standards. Why one can do everything, but they hand all dogs on us? ‘Why did everyone always scream about sports outside politics, but at the earliest opportunity, when it comes to Russia, this principle is completely forgotten? ‘I repeat, war is scary. In stressful situations, people show their essence, sometimes negative. ‘How much malice, dirt and bile has now been poured on all Russian people, regardless of their position and profession. ‘Those thousands of people who write insults and threats, get in line. ‘It’s even more strange to hear all this from people to whom Russia has given very, very much in their lives. All this only creates even more negativity. ‘The war will end but human relations will remain. And it won’t be possible to rewind it back. Keep this in mind.’ Dzyuba then added in reference to Mykolenko: ‘And to some colleagues who sit on their asses in mansions in England and say nasty things: we cannot be offended by this, we understand everything! Peace and goodness to everybody.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 