Metro.co.uk is delighted to announce the launch of a brand new writing project that aims to discover new talent in commercial fiction from Black, Asian and minority ethnic writers. Launching today, March 18, The Space to Write Project is searching for racially diverse writers who are working on fiction that has the potential to be the next smash-hit novel. The aim of the project is to provide time, space and access to writers from underrepresented backgrounds to explore creative writing and to potentially write the next bestseller. The project is a collaboration between Orion Fiction, Metro.co.uk, leading literary agency David Higham Associates (DHA), and Arvon, the home of creative writing retreats. Participants will have access to writing advice and insights that aim to demystify the publishing process through a series of online panel discussions run by prominent industry figures in April and May. Here at Metro.co.uk, we will also be publishing a number of articles to draw back the curtain on the publishing process – covering things from how to overcome writers block, how to build confidence as a writer, and how to pitch for a literary agent. Submissions will open between Thursday May 26 and Sunday June 19, with the opportunity for UK residents to submit the first 5,000 words of their commercial fiction novel, as well as a synopsis of up to 1,000 words and a pitch of up to 100 words. Writers must be Black, Asian or from an minority ethnic background. A shortlist of fifteen entrants will be announced on Monday August 1 2022, followed by an announcement revealing the winners of the prize on Friday September 30, 2022. Monday, April 4: Introduction to The Space to Write Project – what are we looking for? Why do certain books become bestsellers? What are the ingredients of a successful novel in 2022? This session will discuss what readers are responding to and the trends which have emerged in the market as a result, as well as what the judges will be looking for when reading submissions. Monday, April 25: Lifting the Lid on Publishing – what goes on behind the scenes From signing with an agent, getting a book deal, to what happens once your book has been acquired, this session will look in detail at the journey from manuscript to published book Thursday, May 12: Plot, Pacing and Character Development – what to look for when editing your material. From practical advice on how to draw three-dimensional characters and what it really means to ‘get the pacing right’ to hearing from published authors about their specific writing habits, this session will look in more detail at the building blocks of good writing. Wednesday, May 25: Summing It Up – the perfect pitch and writing a good synopsis Top tips for how best to summarise your book to agents, editors and readers; this webinar will discuss the structure and tone of a pitch letter and the important things to include when writing a synopsis. Sign up for the webinars here. Up to four winning writers will be offered either a place on a five-night residential writing course run by the Arvon Foundation, or a place on an online writing course, as well as an online Arvon Masterclass course and a one-to-one session with an Arvon tutor. The judging panel includes Lizzy Kremer, literary agent and MD at DHA, Sareeta Domingo, editorial director at Trapeze and editor/contributing writer of romantic fiction anthology Who’s Loving You, Mike Gayle, bestselling author of All the Lonely People, and Natalie Morris, deputy lifestyle editor at Metro.co.uk and author of Mixed/Other. The first panel will take place online at 6pm on Monday, April 4, and will feature all four judges discussing the project in further detail, as well as the ingredients of a bestselling novel. For more details on how to enter – visit the website here. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The power of Afrobeats: ‘There’s a spiritual element at it’s core – it is joy’ MORE : Racism still exists during war – and it can’t be ignored