This time two years ago, John Allen was a medically-retired Navy Seal working to raise money and awareness of a veteran charity he had founded, after surviving a near-death experience in Afghanistan. A naturally gifted storyteller and keen on the advantages of social media, John would tell his story and the stories of other veterans, and began posting on TikTok, a platform just beginning to find its feet. When the Covid-19 pandemic swept the world and TikTok joined the ranks of Facebook, Instagram and Twitter overnight, at the same time John wanted to try his hand at telling a different type of tale. In March 2020, John uploaded 59-second video of him telling the true story of the Dyatlov Pass mystery, where the bodies of nine missing hikers were found in completely unexplainable circumstances. His account exploded in popularity; the former Seal became ‘obsessive,’ and with his wife’s encouragement, he ‘zeroed in’ and worked towards making it a career. He moved to YouTube, fleshing out the minute-long creepy stories into 20, 30, even 40-minute long mini-documentaries of sorts, and within a few short months had a fully-fledged career in the ‘strange, dark and mysterious’. MrBallen’s literally hundreds of addictive YouTube videos range from scary campfire stories to true crime, unexplainable disappearances and survival stories to mindblowing mysteries, and before long he had an army of dedicated followers, with close to six million subscribers. Last month, John launched podcast MrBallen: Strange Dark & Mysterious Stories, and within days it had rocketed to the top of the true crime charts and currently sits in second place of all Spotify podcasts in the United States. Speaking to Metro.co.uk, John told his incredible story, and how almost dying of a grenade attack while deployed in Afghanistan led him to his true passion of storytelling. ‘I didn’t have a plan,’ John says. ‘I just kind of squandered opportunities left and right. When I graduated high school and college I just didn’t know what I was going to do.’ ‘So I threw my hat in the ring to try out to be a Navy Seal.’ After getting through the notoriously brutal training, John spent several years as a Seal and was deployed multiple times – and in a 2014 deployment to Afghanistan, he was ‘gravely injured by a grenade’. Ultimately, this injury would lead to an exit from the military in 2017, when John was medically retired, and the near-death experience ‘manifested itself in me just being really bad-tempered’. ‘I was just kind of angry a lot,’ he says. ‘I didn’t have a reason for it, I think I was in denial about it. ‘Eventually, my family and friends, in a very loving way, intervened and encouraged me to seek out therapy and I did,’ which John says had an ‘unbelievable’ effect on his mental health. ‘I really went from being this bitter, angry person to having a chance to explore what was going on and putting it to bed and making peace with it.’ The founding of veterans charity Elite Meet led to public speaking and, eventually story-telling; TikTok led to YouTube, led to the podcast, led to former Navy Seal John Allen to becoming MrBallen, home of the strange, dark and mysterious. Despite the often extremely bleak nature of MrBallen’s stories, and the fact he spends hours learning the details inside and out before regaling audiences on YouTube or the podcast, it doesn’t have a negative or triggering effect on his mental health. Instead, John believes his own near-death experience gives him the advantage of being able to step into the victims’ shoes in a way that makes his content stand out in a massively saturated market – and he purposely provides more focus on the victims than the perpetrators. Despite the ‘exceptionally gratuitous or graphic’ contents of the stories, Johntends to focus ‘on the emotional toll this took on the person who went through it, and also the psychological trauma of the incidents.’ ‘Because really, that’s the only thing the audience is truly able to connect with and understand.’ While he was almost killed in the attack in Afghanistan, John said: ‘I don’t know what it’s like to be truly attacked by some crazed murderer… it’s such a foreign experience that I hope I never experience. ‘But what I can relate to is being fearful of someone coming after you, of being scared of the situation you’re in… it’s a profound experience to almost feel like you’re in the victim’s shoes as the worst possible thing is happening. It’s a powerful way to tell a story.’ There is one in particular, however, that forced John to step out of his storyteller persona and, in his words, break down in tears: the story 66-year-old Geraldine Largay, who became lost on the Appalachian trail and survived for a month, waiting to be rescued, before eventually passing away. ‘She follows all protocols, she stops where she is, she knows she has the best chance if she just stays put and waits because people know she’s out on this trail,’ John says. ‘And she stayed so confident and so positive. She was in this tent she set up, and she had a diary she kept where she detailed each day and there was really nothing happening, she was just in the middle of the woods. ‘But towards the end she clearly understood that she’s almost certainly going to pass away. And she wrote these unbelievable letters to her husband and to her children that were full of love and optimism and said like, “When you find me just know that I was at peace”. ‘But this woman, she reminds me so much of my mom, that I frankly just broke down and cried while I was learning this story because I felt like I was learning about my mom. ‘Even now I’m getting choked up just thinking about it! It was just this unbelievably tragic thing that just hit close to home to me.’ It’s not just John who was affected by his own content: the father-of-three ‘made the mistake’ of assuming one story was benign enough to show his daughters, aged four and six. ‘I did this one story about this crow that basically befriended this little girl and was leaving her gifts, and I thought it was a fascinating story. So the girls still talk about the crow story,’ he explains. ‘I made the mistake one time of showing them – I thought it was a benign story – it was about this giant squid attack. Where everybody lives! ‘But there’s this really intense sequence where these divers are 30 feet under the water and its pitch black, and there’s these flashes of red-and-white all around them and they don’t know what it is. ‘It turns out it’s the Humboldt Squid, this enormous predator squid, it attacks them and starts pulling them into the deep. But they survive, they all survive! ‘But now at bedtime they’re terrified of squids. It’s been a process of letting them know the squid is not gonna get them in their beds.’ While his kids aren’t quite ready for some of the more claustrophobic, edge-of-your-seat stories MrBallen tells, millions of people are, to be honest, addicted to them. The storyteller has a dedicated following on pretty much every social media platform, from Reddit to Facebook and everything in between, and his move to podcasting has seen that grow exponentially. Despite already having found huge success on YouTube, John admits the instant success of the podcast is ‘a little bit hard to comprehend’. He explained: ‘With the podcast, I had high hopes but to be seeing myself within the ranks of some of the most established, incredible creators in that space is a little bit hard to comprehend. ‘I anticipated there would maybe be a lot of people interested in making the jump [from YouTube], but this has been above and beyond my expectations. ‘I feel very lucky to have such a really loving and loyal group of people who follow these videos and I just couldn’t be happier about it.’ MrBallen’s new podcast currently has just six episodes, compared to the more-than 200 on YouTube, but this is set to grow fast. Two new episodes are added each week: on Mondays, a brand-new, podcast-exclusive story, and on Thursdays, a remastered, edited version of a popular YouTube upload. One of the most recent podcast episodes is taken from one of John’s most popular YouTube videos – the story of a child star who grew up to commit one of the world’s most twisted, cruel and unconscionable crimes. The popular creator is keen to reassure his fans, however, that the move to Spotify, Amazon and ‘wherever else people get their podcasts’ does not mean he’ll be stepping away from YouTube. Instead, the podcast will be fully true crime stories, while his YouTube will continue to be populated by true crime as well as the campfire stories, shocking videos and ‘strange but true’ series the storyteller has become famous for. MrBallen Podcast: Strange, Dark and Mysterious Stories is available on streaming services now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : 11 true crime documentaries to watch in 2022 on Netflix, Amazon Prime, and more MORE : Spotify chases podcast dominance with two new acquisitions 