More than half a million Ukrainian people have fled their country following Russia’s invasion, the United Nations has confirmed. That has left many people wondering how they can help – and if you live in London there are some practical things you can do. Ukrainians will need fresh clothes, blankets and other essential items after fleeing the conflict, which you can donate through many charities. Many organisations are also taking cash donations, a large proportion of which will to Poland as its government has said 100,000 refugees had entered the country. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Local donation points are popping up all over London, collecting supplies such as anti-septic wipes, helmets, masks, underwear, tampons, sleeping bags, thermal blankets and solar phone chargers to directly help Ukranian people. People are urged to check what items are accepted from specific collection points before donating. Collection points include: North London Collection Centre: 233 Willesden Lane, NW2 5RP. 7am-8pm. More information here. UCL School of Slavonic and East European Studies (SSEES): 16 Taviton St, WC1H 0BW. Tue Mar 1, 10am-5.15pm and Wed Mar 2, 10am-7pm. More information here. White Eagle Club: 211 Balham High Rd, SW17 7BQ. Wed Mar 2, 3-8pm and Fri Mar 4, 10am-5pm. More information here. A number of charities are also doing vital work to support Ukrainian refugees and are looking for cash donations. You can donate to the following charities: You can also support the vital journalism being done in Ukraine that is highlighting the realities of the war. The Kyiv Independent or The New Voices of Ukraine are covering the conflict on the ground. Another way you can help the escalating conflict is by contacting your local MP via email or post to their constituency address. Instructions on how to get in touch can be found on parliament.uk. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : How can I join the Ukraine foreign legion?