Gary Neville has described Mohamed Salah as ‘absolutely amazing’ but admits there are two players he would rather Manchester United sign than the Liverpool forward. Salah has arguably been the best player in the world over the past 12 months, scoring 29 goals and making 11 assists in 41 appearances this season and helping Egypt reach the Africa Cup of Nations final. The Egyptian superstar was nominated for the Ballon d’Or earlier this year but only placed seventh as Lionel Messi won the award for a record-extending seventh time. Neville says there is ‘no doubt’ about Salah’s status as one of the best players on the planet but admits he would prefer to see Kylian Mbappe or Erling Haaland arrive through the doors at Old Trafford. ‘At times earlier in the season, Salah was at a level that was the best in the world, and he still could be,’ Neville told Sky Sports. ‘But if you said to me I could sign one player for Manchester United tomorrow, I would still probably go for Mbappe or Haaland over Salah. ‘It’s not a Liverpool thing, I think Salah is absolutely amazing, but I just think Mbappe has got the ability to be out-of-this-world special. ‘There is no doubt Salah is world class, but Mbappe has got something different, that edge, something that is that good, it could make him one of the true greats.’ While only 23, Mbappe has already established himself as one of the best and most exciting players in world football, scoring an impressive 156 goals in 205 games for PSG. Mbappe also helped France win the World Cup in 2018 and Neville has compared him to Arsenal legend Thierry Henry and Manchester United hero Cristiano Ronaldo. ‘In terms of excitement, in terms of thrill, in terms of speed, Mbappe is absolutely sensational,’ Neville said. ‘He reminds me of Thierry Henry, but he’s also got a bit of Cristiano Ronaldo in him – he is ruthless. ‘He needs to win the Champions League with PSG this season, that would be the ultimate thing for him. The Champions League, and another World Cup, would be the crowning glory for Mbappe to succeed Ronaldo and Messi. ‘I’m not saying he needs to win those trophies to become the best player in the world, but it cements your position if you play for the teams that win either of those trophies. For Mbappe, he knows silverware and honours go with that greatness. ‘Mbappe’s last-minute goal against Real Madrid in the Champions League was absolutely sensational. The great players win tournaments, they win big competitions, they are influential in big competitions. Mbappe is at that level now.’ Norway striker Haaland, meanwhile, has attracted interest from some of the biggest clubs in Europe after thriving at Borussia Dortmund. ‘I like Haaland’s personality,’ Neville added. ‘I like that fact he doesn’t care what anyone thinks. ‘He’s got a bit of Eric Cantona in him, he’s the modern-day version if you like. People call it arrogant, I get that, but he has the ability to back it up. ‘You can’t teach that. Football needs people like him, it needs personality. We want players with something about them. For every angel, we want a Haaland, a young personality who doesn’t do things perfectly. ‘We want professional, well-behaved people, but we also want personality and character and people who are willing to go against the norm, that is what Haaland does.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 