Gareth Southgate acknowledged Jadon Sancho’s recent improvement at Manchester United but has warned the in-form winger he faces a fight to win back his place in the England squad. The Three Lions will step up their World Cup preparations with friendlies against Ivory Coast and Switzerland coming up over the course of the upcoming international break. Sancho was part of the England squad which reached the final of last summer’s European Championships, but failed to hit the ground running after completing his £72.5m transfer to United from Borussia Dortmund. The 21-year-old’s form has improved markedly over the course of the last six weeks, however, and has established himself as a regular starter in Ralf Rangnick’s first XI. Despite that upturn, Sancho has failed to win his place back in the Three Lions squad and Southgate cited the sheer number of high quality options at his disposal as the main reason for his decision. ‘You just have to look at the other attacking players in the squad; Bukayo Saka, Emile Smith Rowe, Phil Foden,’ said Southgate when asked to explain Sancho’s omission. ‘Jadon’s performances have improved at Manchester United, but it is an area where we have big competition for places.’ Kyle Walker, meanwhile, has been left out despite his excellent displays in Manchester City’s defence, with Reece James included despite his recent injury problems. ‘I had a chat with Kyle,’ added Southgate. ‘We felt this was an opportunity to have a look at the two younger fullbacks. We know all there is to know about Kyle; he’s a very important player and he’ll be back with us in June. ‘We are very happy with what he’s done; he’s been a huge part of the progress we’ve made with this team. ‘You can see in the biggest matches with Manchester City this year, he’s still been a key player for them. These young fullbacks are exciting.’ MORE : ‘I’m feeling blessed’ – Jadon Sancho delighted to be ‘learning from the best’ at Manchester United MORE : Ralf Rangnick wants Marcus Rashford to emulate Manchester United teammate Jadon Sancho in search for best form For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 