Sunday rolls around again, and there’s absolutely no need to do anything today. But if you want to learn how to relax better than ever before, you could do worse than checking out your horoscope. You’ll be more prepared for what the week has in store, and can spend your rest days without stress. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, March 27, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 As lively Mercury moves into your sign from today, it will galvanize your grey cells and ramp-up your thinking processes. You’ll be more awake to ideas that serve your needs, and keen to get your message out to the world. But you’ll also be ahead of the pack, as this Mercury position supports your spontaneous and pioneering approach to life. Your courage may astonish others. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 As inspiration bubbles up, this can be a great time to share your thoughts with others who understand you. Yet there are some who may not treat your ideas with the seriousness they merit. If what you’re considering is something special and deeply personal to you, then keep it under the radar. Only talk about it to those who will give it the attention it deserves. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 As Mercury moves into your sector of long-held dreams, it can inspire you to become proactive and perhaps to make a special goal a priority. It will be easier to harness your natural ingenuity, and come up with ideas to move your plans forward. You’ll also be keen to move in new circles with those who share your interests. Contact with them can be a source of support. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 A positive line-up in your sector of goals, can see you becoming more empowered as the days go by. And with Mercury a part of this scenario, you’ll be keen to connect with others who work in the same profession or who might help you take your plans to the next level. Communication is the key to your success. Ready to showcase your talents? Social media may be one place to start. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 The desire to acquire knowledge could become more important. As clever Mercury moves into your sector of discovery, your interest may be piqued by fascinating subjects. If a course appeals, then taking it up might enhance your prospects for the future. You’ll be keen to dive into new experiences that can open your mind to fresh ideas and introduce you to unique people, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 As fleet-footed Mercury moves into your sector of transformation, it can inspire you to question any situation you have tolerated, or even pushed under the carpet. If you’ve held your feelings back, you might be ready to talk about them. And if so, you’ll be surprised at how good you feel afterwards. Getting this out of your system may be all that is required for a major shift to occur. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You’ll enjoy mixing and mingling, making this a good time to develop closer relationships. Haven’t seen someone in a while? You may be keener than ever to give them a call. Eager to move in new circles? There is the possibility of an instant attraction. This can inspire you to take things to the next level, particularly if you’re looking for a fun, but passionate romance, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Ready to make the most of key opportunities? As logical Mercury moves into Aries and your lifestyle sector, this can be a chance to get organized. And although you might not have much patience with details, the most basic plan is better than nothing at all. Assess your priorities and work out a strategy. You’re not usually one for spontaneous decisions, but one could be spot on. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Feeling sporty or creative? As sociable Mercury enters your leisure zone, it encourages you to indulge your talents, especially those that require flexibility or dexterity. You’ll be confident enough to showcase them too, after all, you never know who is watching and who you’ll impress. Solo? You may be drawn to someone who loves travel and adventure as much as you, Archer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Need more communication on the home front? If so, the movement of the planet of talk and thought into this sector, can assist in sharing ideas, discussing key issues and spending quality time as a family. This influence could make things easier regarding a decision that needs to be taken soon. Getting others involved enough to discuss it may ease the pressure on you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 With a lively focus on your communication zone from today, the coming weeks are perfect for liaising, negotiating and forging valuable connections. Plus, as Venus moves to align with Saturn in your sign, you may begin to take one relationship more seriously. It might be a business connection or a deepening friendship. Either way, it could become a long-lasting arrangement. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 While you may want to handle your money responsibly, it can pay to watch your outgoings. You might long to save, but you’ll be keen to splurge too, especially if something catches your eye. Mercury’s move into Aries could be a call to put the brakes on and give yourself a spending limit. While it’s great to enjoy instant satisfaction Pisces, staying in control can feel so much better. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness