The law has caught up with a waste disposal man who charged people to take their rubbish away before leaving it in playgrounds and driveways. Dean Stanley deliberately dumped rubbish including electrical items, furniture, kitchen units, doors, beds, mattresses and building waste. His campaign of flytipping, which started in March 2019, spread across two London boroughs and into Buckinghamshire. He was caught on CCTV and seen by witnesses using two distinctive Ford Transit tipper vans – one white and one red – to take the waste and dump items. But his flytipping spree came to an end when councils in the areas where he was operating decided to join forces to bring his ‘deliberate and flagrant’ dumping to an end. Appearing at Aylesbury Crown Court last Friday, the 37-year-old from Iver admitted 17 counts of flytipping committed between March 2019 and January 2020 across Hillingdon, Sutton and Buckinghamshire. He was sentenced to 21 months in prison for each of the 16 offences in Hillingdon and Buckinghamshire, and given a 14-month sentence for the offence in Sutton. The sentences will run concurrently, meaning Stanley will spend a total of 21 months behind bars. The court also ordered that his white van be seized. A second defendant, Bradley Caswell, 30 and of Slough, appeared at the same hearing and was convicted of one count of flytipping in Long Lane, Uxbridge, alongside Stanley on October 29, 2019. Caswell was given a £500 fine, ordered to pay £720 compensation, court costs of £500 and a court surcharge. Councillor John Riley, Hillingdon Council’s cabinet member for public safety and transport, said: ‘This is a fantastic piece of partnership working that has ended Mr Stanley’s campaign of contempt and utter disregard for the boroughs where he was dumping and their residents. ‘Bringing flytippers to justice can be tricky for local authorities as they’ll often act under cover of darkness and won’t leave anything that identifies them. ‘In the case of Mr Stanley he was so driven by profiting from dumping waste, he let his guard down. ‘We’re very grateful for the help of our colleagues in Sutton and Buckinghamshire and the residents who have helped us make this case a success. ‘This sentence should serve as a warning that we will take the strongest possible course of action against those who choose to use our beautiful borough as a dumping ground.’ Anyone offering to remove waste should be able to show people their waste transport licence. If they cannot provide a licence, then an offence may be committed if the resident allows waste to be taken away and it’s subsequently dumped illegally. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.