Ryan Sanderson never thought he would get pregnant. Not only was the drama student, from Rochdale, Manchester, transitioning from female to male and taking hormone treatments, but he also believed his now-ex partner was infertile. But despite all this, nine weeks into hormone treatments, Ryan, 24, discovered he was expecting a child. Now, he has a son, Hendrick. ‘I didn’t believe I could get pregnant when on testosterone, until I found out that I was,’ said Ryan. ‘I think more trans men need to understand that they can get pregnant. ‘My ex-partner was under the impression that he was infertile, but that wasn’t the case.’ Despite the pregnancy being a total surprise, Ryan is overjoyed to have given birth to his first child as a ‘seahorse dad’. The moment he discovered he was pregnant during a doctor’s visit, Ryan paused his hormone treatments, despite worries that this would be challenging for his body dysmorphia. ‘I knew instantly that I wanted to have the baby,’ said the dad. ‘I believed it to be fate, I’ve never been a devout follower of religion, but I felt like it was a sign to have a child before I was in too deep with testosterone treatments. ‘When I found out I was pregnant, Hendrick truly became my everything. ‘My GP was slightly worried about complications, but the course of my pregnancy ran pretty smoothly. ‘Thankfully, I had a wonderful team of midwives that would address me with the appropriate pronouns, and if they made mistakes they would always apologise. ‘Sometimes they’d have questions, and it felt great to be able to answer them without them trying to offend me in anyway.’ Ryan says his ex-partner doesn’t want to be involved in Hendrick’s upbringing, so he’s now looking forward to raising his child as a solo parent – with the help of his supportive mum, Janette. ‘Without her, I’d be lost,’ he said. ‘She does so much for both Hendrick and I, and acts like a super-hero co-parent. ‘She’s read all of the books and understands the way in which I’d like him to be bought up. ‘My ex-partner doesn’t want to be in the picture, but I’ve got the full support of the rest of my family and friends.’ After welcoming his son, Ryan was able to return to the process of medical transition, and in 2021 had top surgery. He’s now living his best life as a single dad. ‘I’d struggled for so long to become my true self and had even had to go with a private GP in order to get testosterone,’ he said. ‘I knew that I was a man from the age of seven and came out at 19. ‘Since coming out as Ryan, I’ve felt this freedom that I never felt as a girl, I do things for me instead of what society deems certain genders should do. ‘I got to chest feed Hendrick when he was born, as I knew it was the healthiest and best way to aid him in his growth. ‘In 2021, I had top surgery to remove my breasts which felt amazing, although I am sad at the thought of not being able to chest feed any of my future children. ‘I’d love to have a bigger family in the future, so I’m holding off on anymore surgeries for now until there are more options that I am comfortable with. ‘It’s so great being Hendrick’s parent, being a dad just feels right to me. ‘I’ve had so many people stop me when I’ve been out and about with him that comment on me being a good dad, it just feels incredible. ‘I’m finally the person I want to be, and I’ve got a mini-me to share that journey with.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why pregnant women are still reluctant to take the Covid vaccine – and what the NHS needs to do to convince them MORE : ‘Being pregnant’ is the most common dream for Brits – followed by being cheated on MORE : ‘I felt like I could breathe easy’: The relief of trans people when they finally came out