Sky News reporter Mark Austin has confirmed he and his crew have fled Kyiv to report from a safer location in Ukraine as Russian attacks on the capital intensify. After one week of war, more than 1,000,000 people have fled Ukraine while overnight there was more bombing with over 2,000 civilians thought to have been killed over the first seven days of war. As the horror continues, Austin confirmed he had made the difficult decision to leave Kyiv. ‘We moved out of Kyiv  today so we can continue broadcasting at a more secure location in Ukraine,’ he told his followers on Twitter. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘Never easy decisions. So many reasons to stay, one good one to leave.’ Later, Austin said he’d told a member of the Kyiv hotel staff he will be back, but was at a loss for words when she asked: ‘Will they come?’ Austin and his team were immediately showered with praise after courageously spending a week right in the heart of the battle zone. BBC’s Jon Sopel replied: ‘Mark – you’ve been brilliant. Kudos to you and your team. Never an easy decision….’ BBC Radio 4’s Andra Catherwood agreed: ‘Your team’s coverage has been so impressive. It’s a hard decision but I’m sure you’ve made the right choice. Keep your head down.’ And hundreds more shared similar sentiments, wishing Austin and the team get to their next destination safely. Courageous television reporters have been praised as ‘unsung heroes’ of the Ukrainian war, risking their lives to provide accurate information to the rest of the world. BBC’s Clive Myrie reported live from an underground bunker this week and explained his decision to stay in Kyiv. ‘None of us are forced to come here,’ he said in an interview with News at 10 host Christian Fraser. ‘It’s part of our job. We all feel that we want to tell the story of this war and tell it accurately and fairly.’ ‘That is really important because there is so much crap out there that is misinformation, propaganda nonsense. What you’re trying to do… is you’re trying to be truthful to this story.’ On Thursday’s Good Morning Britain, footage showed Russian tanks and guns being aimed at ITV reporters before the team was forced to flee the city. 