Will Smith’s outburst at the Oscars is guaranteed to live on in infamy for quite a while – and in some cases it will be permanent. Every once in a while, something will happen in the world that becomes so viral, so instantly, that people will lose the plot a little bit, and decide that getting a tattoo of that particular thing is a fantastic idea. Will striding on stage minutes before winning his first-ever Oscar, to slap comedian Chris Rock in front of millions of viewers after he made a joke about Jada Pinkett Smith is one of those viral moments. And true to form, some people will have a permanent reminder of this shocking pop culture phenomenon as they decided, likely within hours of it happening, to get it inked on their skin. Two tattoo artiststs have gone viral in recent days after they uploaded their artwork to social media after taking on customers’ requests to get The Slap tattooed. US artist Oscar Aguilar Jr took to Instagram this week to show off his newest work, complete with a colourful edit to display the tattoo in all its glory. The tattoo, which was done by Oscar in Divine Studios in New Jersey, is made up of simple line-work  – but is more than enough to get the point across. The client chose to get the now-classic, if not controversial, moment tattooed on their leg, just above their ankle – the perfect spot for a light-hearted tattoo that you can easily whip out and show off at parties. Oscar isn’t the only tattoo artist currently inking the newest meme on people’s skins: the trend has made its way across the Atlantic and is catching on in Europe. Italian artist Giovanni Bracciodieta impressed tens of thousands of people when his depiction of Will and Chris’ altercation was shared to mega-popular tattoo page traditionalartist. The brightly-coloured piece shows the exact same moment as Oscar’s, but more detailed, with action lines around Will’s arm and a painful-looking red mark on Chris’ cheek. While the subject matter proved controversial in the comments, the bright and bold traditional style impressed plenty of artists and enthusiasts. Getting meme tattoos are a dangerous game, particularly as they die out and are replaced with something new basically within a few days. (There are people walking around out there with Forever Alone and Y U NO guy tattooed on them, we don’t like to think about it, but it’s true.) Potentially the last time a moment went as massively viral as the Oscars Slap was that time US Senator Bernie Sanders sat on a chair at Joe Biden’s presidential inauguration. And, again, true to form, tattoos started appearing, with one Bernie fan’s ink going particularly viral. He told Metro.co.uk at the time that he was friends with his tattoo artist, Samantha, and they had been ‘laughing at the Bernie meme all morning and one of us suggested it as a tattoo.’ He added: ‘‘I’ve been a Bernie fan since forever and wanted a Bernie tattoo so it seemed like a no brainer.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Daniel Radcliffe has savage response to Susanna Reid’s Will Smith question after  Chris Rock Oscars slap MORE : Jada Pinkett Smith appears to laugh after Will Smith slaps Chris Rock in unseen Oscars clip 