‘Once when I was stopped and searched, I asked why, and the officer said I “looked like I smelled of weed”. ‘I have braids and brown skin, which I guess was enough of a reason for them to single me out and publicly humiliate me for no reason. When you question their motives, you are told you are “aggressive”.’ Billie Dee says she lost trust in the police when she was just 17. ‘Seeing the police gives me serious PTSD-induced anxiety,’ she tells Metro.co.uk, ‘and I would never ever call them if I was in trouble.’ Billie, who’s now in her 30s, feels certain her bad experiences with law enforcement were ‘rooted in racism’. She describes the way police officers handled the racial abuse she endured at school – ‘the police response was to ask if I had done anything to piss anyone off,’ – and when she was sexually assaulted – ‘I had consumed some alcohol and as a result was basically accused by the police of “asking for it”’. There’s a question that lies at the heart of the ‘traumatic’ incident in which two police officers strip-searched a Black teenager at her school because a teacher thought she smelled of cannabis. The same question lies in the horrific murders of George Floyd and Sarah Everard, how the police handled Sarah’s vigil, and in the ‘inappropriate’ photographs taken and shared by officers at the scene of Bibaa Henry and Nicole Smallman’s murder. It’s in the damning Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) report, which found officers sent each other racist, sexist, ableist and homophobic messages – like ‘I would happily rape you’ and ‘if I was single I would happily chloroform you’. While there are plenty of people, particularly from marginalised groups, who have had precious little trust in law enforcement for a long time, some are just now beginning to ask themselves: Can I really trust the police? According to YouGov, which surveys the British public on a regular basis to ask about their confidence in the police to deal with crime in their local area, the people who are now unconfident in cops (48%) outnumber those who are confident in them (43%). This is the first time this has happened since they started asking this question back in July 2019. However, YouGov also found that when asked about the police in general, 65% of respondents said they trust them, while 31% said they do not. So, how do we unpack that? Ruben, who is trans, lists events such as the raiding of gay bars and the Stonewall riots as examples for why he’s mistrusted the police for quite some time, saying his reasons are ‘rooted very deeply in queer history and the ways in which we have been mistreated by them.’ He also cites studies including a 2015 US Transgender survey which found that 58% of respondents who interacted with police or law enforcement officers who thought or knew they were transgender experienced mistreatment, such as verbal harassment, persistent and deliberate misgendering, and physical or sexual assault at their hands. ‘I don’t think, at least not the way that the police force functions at present, there is anything they could do to win back my trust,’ Ruben explains. Billie, who works in PR and is the daughter of TV presenter Trisha Goddard, says the rate at which she was stopped and searched when she moved to London also contributed to the misgivings she has towards cops today. ‘I have a great deal of white friends and colleagues from the same background as me who have never experienced anything like what I have described,’ she tells us. ‘They’ve never been stopped and searched – I don’t know a single white person who has been – or had their concerns dismissed so readily.’ As the recent IOPC report noted: ‘The team at Charing Cross where we identified these problems has now been disbanded, yet we have seen evidence of this behaviour in subsequent investigations. ‘We believe these incidents are not isolated or simply the behaviour of a few “bad apples”.’ So with that in mind, even with Cressida Dick’s subsequent resignation, it’s clear there’s still a lot of work that needs to be done in the force. We spoke to Claire Louise Chamberlain, founder of anti-abuse activism and education organisation The Clear Path Project and Gemma Aitchison, who collaborates with Clear Path and runs Yes Matters UK, a feminist youth work organisation. They say there’s an issue with officers failing to hold each other to account for their misdeeds. ‘They condone and enable each other,’ says Gemma. ‘They take this oath that they have to legally address any crime they see, but none of them did anything about this guy who was called “the rapist“, or about the ones taking photos with dead bodies.’ Claire tells us: ‘If something bad happens in the media, their standard response is to post lots of good stories on social media. ‘They shove it down your face as if to show you “See? You are all safe”. And obviously, the public wants to accept that message because we want to feel safe, but it’s a myth. ‘While they’re still trying to sell the myth instead of being accountable for the reality, nothing’s going to change.’ Claire also says her and Gemma’s organisations have collaborated with a think tank and combined resources across a number of groups to ‘offer a package solution’ to the problem of policing the police. ‘There needs to be an Ofcom for abuse, with teeth,’ she explains. ‘There needs to be recourse and consequences and external investigations into these failings.’ Legal assistant Bethan* is conflicted in her opinion on the matter because, while she understands why there are people out there who don’t trust the police as a homogenous group, her long-term partner is a police officer. ‘The police is a really badly managed institution,’ she tells us. ‘It has allowed corruption, sexism, racism, all the “isms” to run rampant. ‘But I truly believe that is because of British culture, reluctance to change things which aren’t “broken”, and the lack of opportunity for officers to really take a stand on these issues. ‘They can’t strike and policing is very seniority/respect-based, so the ability to stand up and address these issues really isn’t present for the average police officer. ‘You also need to be able to trust who you work with when you’re policing in dangerous situations, so a lot of officers seem to not want to cause any friction amongst their colleagues.’ It can be difficult for people with a personal connection to the force to differentiate between criticism of the police en masse and criticisms of the individual people they know on a personal level, but it’s important to highlight that the wider systemic issues are what concern most campaigners. When asked for comment, the entirety of which you can read in full below, a spokesperson for the National Police Chiefs’ Council (NPCC) said: ‘The onus should not be on victims or entire communities to change, and we understand that. We are working hard to ensure policing becomes an inclusive and diverse service, which understands and effectively responds to the challenges all communities face. ‘Our policing style is based on legitimacy and our legitimacy is based on trust and confidence of all communities. We know that trust and confidence levels in police from some communities are lower than others, and we are committed to rebuilding this trust.’ Sim Cryer is a former homicide detective with the Bristol Major Crimes Team who left the force after 20 years in 2019. He’s since worked as a police procedure consultant for Bafta-nominated interactive crime drama Dead Man’s Phone, which asks users to solve a murder and which Sim says highlights issues such as ‘police profiling and violence, and the impact these things can have on the wider community.’ He tells us: ‘I can’t comment directly on recent events or the subsequent actions of the police, but it is clear that there is work to be done to rebuild trust with the public, particularly as tensions have been heightened due to the pandemic.’ While Sim says it’s important to remember the individuals behind the institution, he adds: ‘The issue of trust needs to be addressed from inside the force too. ‘I didn’t have any training when I was a young officer on racial profiling and the negative impact it has on communities. This needs to be a part of the initial training for officers now. ‘The police force is also still underrepresented from minority ethnic groups, but by addressing this imbalance we can start to build more trust and understand our communities better.’ The issue of police training is one that Gemma and Claire also take umbrage with, along with things like heavy caseloads and a lack of time making it even harder for the justice system to function at such a foundational level. Claire says she recognises that the police are ‘one huge cog’ in the system and that ‘all the blame doesn’t lie on [their] door’. ‘It’s a systemic problem that the police are part of,’ she adds. ‘One of the things that we’re asking for within this regulatory body is to make certain levels of training and qualification compulsory for all officers, all social workers, all judges. ‘Because at the moment, is it’s as basic as police officers not being given the training to know the clear signs of perpetrator behaviour versus victim behaviour.’ As an example, she highlights the countless times that her and Gemma’s organisations have seen cases in which the female victims of abuse have ended up in the back of police cars instead of their abuser after having called the cops, because, while the victim is viewed as “hysterical”, the perpetrator goes ‘calm as a millpond’ in front of witnesses. Some, however, believe in a future without the police. Ruben tells me: ‘We need to listen to Black voices and minorities about how our society could look and function without the police as we know it – because I believe that’s possible.’ ‘I believe [the police] should be defunded,’ says Billie, ‘and money put into community support groups who actually care about the people they’re serving and their communities. ‘More money should go into crime prevention, education and alleviating poverty.’ In the meantime, finding an answer to the question of trusting the police remains a complicated and controversial issue, and people all over the world have strongly held beliefs across a spectrum ranging from hero worship to ‘ACAB’. At the very least, it may be wise to break the habit of implicitly trusting any powerful institution en masse, especially one with such a complicated past and present. Metro.co.uk reached out to the Association of Police and Crime Commissioners and the National Police Chiefs’ Council (NPCC) for comment. *Name has been changed Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : What would abolishing police powers in the UK look like? MORE : Police responding to domestic disturbance ‘abandon victim with potentially violent man’ MORE : Serving Met Police detective, 51, charged with child sex offences