Netflix’s Jimmy Savile documentary has already come under fire after a trailer was released on Tuesday. Savile was one of the UK’s most popular children’s TV presenters, hosting BBC programmes Top of the Pops and Jim’ll Fix It. But hundreds of claims of sexual abuse were made against him after he died, aged 84, in 2011. The onslaught of allegations against him led the police to conclude that he had been a predatory sex offender and possibly one of Britain’s most prolific ever, without ever facing consequences. Now, Netflix has confirmed a new documentary focusing on how the TV star managed to conceal his horrific crimes for so long in a one-off titled Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story. The Netflix synopsis reads: ‘He was a national treasure. After his death, he was exposed as a sexual predator, with over 450 sickening allegations of abuse. ‘Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story examines archive footage to understand how he fooled an entire nation for decades.’ However, after the trailer was released on Tuesday, many expressed their concerns for the upcoming documentary. One user wrote: ‘The day Netflix realise they don’t need to make a documentary just for the sake of it will be a good day indeed. Nobody asked for this.’ Another echoed: ‘This shouldn’t have been made ever. We all read the news, don’t revisit this. Pay respect to the victims. Nobody needs to know the worst extent of his abuse.’ ‘Crikey. Jimmy Savile is getting the Netflix treatment and it looks like it’s going to be deeply unsettling,’ someone else commented. Another added: ‘Why do people feel the need to make things like this? Can’t be the only one that hates true crime documentaries that just bring back up horrific things for the victims and their families??’ ‘You know what would be more radical and better? A documentary exploring the victims. Talking to them, and their families and how the police, the BBC, and society failed them,’ asked a Twitter user. It comes as a drama based on Savile – starring Steve Coogan – is currently in the works, and has received a fair amount of backlash already. Coogan will play Savile in The Reckoning, a three-part BBC drama due to air this year, which depicts the predator’s rise and the scandal after his death. Metro.co.uk has contacted Netflix for comment. Jimmy Saville: A British Horror Story comes to Netflix on April 6. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Holly Willoughby finally returns to This Morning after agonising wait for negative Covid result: ‘The worst advent calendar ever’ MORE : Susanna Reid reassures viewers after line cuts out on GMB reporter in Kyiv 