Dancing on Ice star Brendan Cole suffered an unfortunate fall on the ice during the group solo skate. The stakes were raised tonight as the remaining celebrities had to perform not once but twice, and their first skate involved them performing alone. Kye Whyte, Connor Ball, Regan Gascoigne, Kimberly Wyatt, and Brendan took to the ice and showcased a variety of tricks and spins to Zayde Wolf’s Heroes, however as the Strictly Come Dancing star performed a one-foot spin he landed on his backside. Phillip Schofield – who had to present tonight’s show solo as co-host Holly Willoughby tested positive for coronavirus –  praised the Strictly Come Dancing star for carrying on like a pro. Speaking about the incident, Brendan joked ‘That was part of the choreography.’ Judges Oti Mabuse, Ashley Banjo, Jayne Torvill, and Christopher Dean came to a unanimous decision and placed Kye in fifth place, Brendan in fourth, Connor in third, Regan came second and Kimberly triumphed in first place. Naturally, fans took to social media to address Brendan’s mishap, and some felt the star was ‘harshly’ judged because of it. ‘I would have given Regan top marks & feel Brendan was too harshly penalised for his fall. #DancingOnIce #DOI,’ one viewer wrote. While another viewer weighed in: ‘I know Brendan fell, but no way was he only the fourth best. He should have been second easily. He covered up the fall so well, that none of us on Twitter knew if it was one or not! #DancingOnIce’ Brendan quickly redeemed himself as he reunited with professional partner Vanessa Bauer with a beautiful performance to Elvis Castello’s She – which resulted in a near-perfect score of 39 out of 40. ‘The quality of your skating is beautiful, you occupy the space so beautifully,’ said Chris. ‘There’s no one in this competition who is able to create volume in their bodies,’ added Oti Mabuse. ‘The two of you are just meant to be, and the magic that you create is just untouchable.’ The Dancing On Ice final returns on Sunday March 27 at 6.30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing On Ice 2022: Holly Willoughby forced to skip semi-finals after testing positive for Covid MORE : Dancing on Ice 2022 final ‘delayed’ as ITV ‘makes way’ for FA Cup quarter-final 