Eerie threats from Kremlin-controlled state TV have warned nuclear war may happen if Nato peacekeeping troops enter Ukraine. Russia has threatened the west before as it sought to carry out strikes on western shipments heading into Ukraine. But as the war now intensifies, Russia warned Putin will use nuclear weapons if Nato enters Ukraine. A raft of other claims have been coming out of the Kremlin including alleging Poland will seek a Nato mandate to put peacekeepers in Ukraine. The baseless claim was made on pro-Kremlin TV alleging Poland could seek to claim back Ukrainian territory which was formerly part of its country such as the city of Lviv. Pro-Kremlin state channel 1 host Vyacheslav Nikonov also claimed Russian truck drivers on the Ukraine-Poland border have seen ‘an accumulation of American and Polish troops’. In the terrifying statement, he said: ‘As for me Poland strives not just to fulfil a peacekeeping mission, but to stake out the territories which they consider belonging to them historically.’ Military expert colonel Yury Knutov went on to threaten the west with nukes, saying: ‘If there are any sane people left in Nato, they will not approve [a peacekeeping] operation [in Ukraine]. ‘Why? Because [a collective] Nato decision will mean a de facto declaration of war on Russia. ‘To win this war, whether we like it or not, we will have to use tactical nuclear weapons in the theatre of operations.’ He said this would entail the ‘use of powerful strategic nuclear weapons’ which he said ‘means universal nuclear war’. Olga Skabeyeva, host of state-owned Rossiya 1’s 60 Minutes, went on to threaten World War III had already started. ‘This is called World War III,’ she added. Colonel general Vladimir Shamanov – also known as The Butcher of Chechnya  – told Channel 1 Putin must secure the border of Ukraine and Poland. Claiming Ukraine as Russia’s, he said: ‘The time has come for our leadership to say very clearly – these are the borders. ‘And don’t you Poles dare poking in here, even 10 metres. You’ll be hit immediately with the whole might of our Kalibr [cruise missiles].’ Poland would be defeated ‘in full’ if it sought to interfere with Russia’s military operation in Ukraine, he said. Meanwhile, Putin’s spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said Russia would only use nuclear weapons in the event of an ‘existential threat’. But he warned deploying Western peacekeepers to Ukraine would be ‘very rash and extremely dangerous’. He said: ‘Any possible contact between our military personnel and Nato military personnel could lead to quite understandable consequences that would be difficult to put right.’ Nato chief Jens Stoltenberg hit back, saying Russia ‘can never win a nuclear war’ and Moscow must stop its ‘dangerous, irresponsible nuclear rhetoric’. The group also plans to agree to the deployment of four new battle groups on the alliance’s eastern flank in Bulgaria, Hungary, Romania and Slovakia. This means an increase in the number of multinational groups along Nato’s eastern fringe to eight. This builds on existing Nato forces already on standby in countries like Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia. Mr Soltenberg vowed on Wednesday to increase Nato peacekeepers in Poland as the horror in Ukraine intensifies. He said: ‘I expect leaders will agree to strengthen Nato’s posture in all domains, with major increases in the eastern part of the alliance on land, in the air and at sea.’ The warning about a World War III scenario has also been suggested by US president Joe Biden should western nations happen to directly get involved in the war. This comes as a US defence official told the Reuters news agency Russia is experiencing heavy losses in Ukraine. He estimates Russia’s combat power has declined below 90% of its pre-invasion for the first time since the war began. Estimates currently put Russia’s losses at 15,600 men while the United Nations has recorded 953 civilian deaths and 1,557 injuries among Ukrainians – although this figure is expected to be much higher. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.