Fancy living like Rachel and Monica from Friends? Now you can, and for a whole lot less than a NYC apartment would cost – even with rent control. A home recently put up for sale in Houston, Texas, has piqued the interest of sitcom fans, as the interior has been done up to look exactly like the Friends set. Priced at $330,000 (£250,000), the property comprises two bedrooms and three bathrooms set over two floors. It’s the decor that really makes this place stand out, though, with large murals covering the walls showing off the current owner’s love of all things Friends. The open plan kitchen and living area boasts life-size paintings of the Central Perk coffee shop where the gang hang out and the waterfall where they frolic during the opening credits. The staircase even has a massive picture of Ross’s classic ‘pivot’ scene, and it’s safe to say the artist has captured his seething rage in paint form. That’s not where the dedication to the pop culture favourite ends either. The kitchen in this 1,412 sqft home has been remodelled to look exactly like Monica’s, complete with blue traditional units and cottagecore upholstery. Head upstairs to the foosball room to make like Joey and Chandler, or simply chill out on the Central Perk lookalike couch and practice your best rendition of Smelly Cat. There’s also a cute balcony round the back, although we can’t guarantee you’ll have your own ugly naked guy to ogle. Extra touches like Tiffany lamps, faux exposed brickwork, and swirly iron fittings add to the feeling that you’re in Greenwich Village. Its Zillow listing reads: ‘The current owners didn’t “monkey” around when paying attention to details. So have fun looking around and stay alert for those details!’ Agents add: ‘This location holds more fun with bars and restaurants within walking distance of the home. White Oak Bayou Greenway Trail is also nearby. ‘In case you would rather drive, the garage has a 220 volt charger for Tesla. This is a place for having fun and making new memories. Could this be the home for your next chapter?’ It may not be 90s Manhattan, but it’s about as close as a Friends stan can get. Check out the listing on Zillow and make enquiries here. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Hay fever symptoms could get worse this year, says research MORE : Student ties the knot with university teacher – despite 27-year age gap