More Ukrainians will be allowed to enter the UK to join family members as they flee president Vladimir Putin’s invasion, Boris Johnson announced. The government has been criticised by Tory and opposition MPs for the response to the refugee crisis, but the Prime Minister insisted the widened access would allow ‘very considerable numbers’ of Ukrainians to come. A new scheme will now allow individuals and organisations to sponsor people from Ukraine to seek sanctuary in the UK. The first phase of the plan had allowed people in Ukraine who had immediate family members in to come and join them, but the move was criticised for being too restrictive. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live On a visit to Poland – where refugees have been crossing the border from Ukraine – Mr Johnson promised to do more, even though he said he ‘couldn’t pretend’ the onslaught in Ukraine is something the UK can fix by military means. He told his Polish counterpart Mateusz Morawiecki: ‘We stand ready, clearly, to take Ukrainian refugees in our own country, working with you, in considerable numbers, as we always have done and always will.’ The PM’s official spokesperson confirmed that the latest scheme would widen eligibility to around 200,000 people, twice the number previously announced by the Home Secretary, Priti Patel. It comes as the United Nations refugee agency said more than 520,000 civilians have fled to neighbouring countries like Poland, Hungary, Moldova and Romania in the last six days, but that number is expected to only go up. Bella Sankey, director of human rights organisation Detention Action, stressed the government is so ‘ill-equipped’ to deal with the number of refugees because it is ‘wedded to a “close the borders” anti-foreigner ideology’. ‘This morning we were called by a British man – and a lifelong Conservative voter – whose partner and child are Ukrainian and have fled to Poland’, Ms Sankey said. ‘He told us that he is desperate to bring them quickly and safely to the UK, but because he and his partner fall outside the strict rules that still remain in place, the government won’t offer them both that route to safety. ‘Rules are flawed at the best of times, meaning that arbitrary factors such as income, how long you’ve lived together, whether you speak English well enough, etc, rip loving families apart. ‘But in the context of a catastrophic humanitarian emergency they are inhumane. ‘And it’s not just family members that should be allowed to come to the UK. ‘We should be offering sanctuary to others and playing our part in the huge international effort to protect people from being killed or injured by Putin’s ruthless assault on ordinary people.’ Ms Patel has previously ruled out a visa waiver for people from Ukraine, citing ‘security concerns’. She suggested there could be further moves to come, after saying this was just the first phase of the government’s ‘bespoke humanitarian route’ Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper stressed it was still ‘extremely unclear’ what the details of the refugee scheme are and who they will apply to. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : How can I join the Ukraine foreign legion?