Stephen Mulhern has explained his absence from Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway, after fans were left worried about him. The presenter missed two shows and will be absent again tonight, revealing it’s down to ‘doctor’s orders.’ He tweeted: ‘Hello all, Sorry I’ve been quiet on here recently and thank you for all your lovely messages. I’ve had some time off and been resting up on doctors orders. ‘I’m on the mend, I’m happy to say, and looking forward to getting back to work soon. In the meantime I’ll put my feet up and watch Saturday Night Takeaway tonight with the rest of you lot. ‘Please don’t miss me too much! Lots of love, Stephen. X.’ Fans were quick to share messages for the star, with one writing: ‘Please look after yourself! Hope you feel better and ready to work again soon but please don’t rush back if you’re not.’ Another added: ‘Hope your okay Stephen, lots of love xx [sic],’ while one more said: ‘Get well soon x you are missed on TV x but make sure you are 100%.’ Stephen is a staple on Saturday Night Takeaway which has, in recent weeks, had fans absolutely hooked. A major highlight from this series came when Ant and Dec got all glammed up to perform an incredible drag number, helped out by stars of RuPaul’s Drag Race. The pair were widely praised as they took on an impressive drag number, donning wigs, heels and elaborate makeup, and performing some intense choreography as they lip synced (for their lives). The duo were joined by all three Drag Race UK champions, The Vivienne, Lawrence Chaney and Krystal Versace, and had a team of drag superstars working with them on the performance. Shantay, you stay! Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway returns tonight at 7pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Loose Women cancelled and Saturday Night Takeaway ‘postponed’ as sport dominates ITV schedule next week MORE : Saturday Night Takeaway viewers befuddled as Ant McPartlin apologises for rude word nobody noticed 