Harsh chemicals and synthetics aren’t great for your body, so why not try something a bit more gentle? This week’s Fit List has some great natural alternatives, including deodorant (in a fun spring scent), hand creams and soothing skincare. And if you’re looking for something more high octane, then check out London’s highest climbing wall – appropriately housed in the city’s highest gym. Read on for our fitness favourites this week. Eco-conscious buyers take note. Active People create products made with 100% post-consumer recycled material. Items include everything from trainers, leggings and sports bra to hoodies and loungewear. Available March 29. Buy from £40 from Mountain Warehouse. With natural activated carbon from coconut shells integrated into the mouthpiece of this BRITA Water Filter Bottle, the clever accessory transforms tap water into a pure, fresh, filtered liquid. Buy for £17.03 from Brita. Looking for a retreat to reset your wellbeing? NewWave’s three-day residential retreat in Brighton is designed to reinvigorate your passion for health and fitness. Expect fitness classes alongside laughter yoga, beach volleyball, happiness coaching and Wim Hof ice baths. Book from £745 (includes breakfast, lunch, dinner and three snacks a day). Celebrity facialist Dimple Amani has created a Miracle Tea that helps boost your immune system and fight off inflammation. A mix of chamomile, ginger, and ashwagandha, it can also stimulate hair growth, aid skin rejuvenation and help with bloating. Buy for £45 from Dimple Amani. Is the gardening getting you down? Check out the Cosy Cottage Gardener’s Delight Gift Box to aid tired, cracked hands. Hand-made in Yorkshire, all the ingredients are natural and locally sourced where possible and come in plastic-free, compostable or recyclable packaging. Buy for £27.50 from Cosy Cottage. We all need one super-comfy tracksuit that we can throw on after a sweaty session. Flo and Sang’s Cotton Pink collection is hand-dyed and rewashed in the UK to create a super soft finish. Available March 31. Buy Crew Sweat for £65; Easy Jogs for £45 from Flo and Sang. Boutique boxing-gym BXR London has opened the highest gym in the City of London. Located on the 25th floor of new skyscraper 22 Bishopsgate, it not only boasts state-of-the-art technology, boxing ring and instructor-led classes but also London’s highest climbing wall at 6.5metres high. Limited memberships available for non-residents, £2,500 per year plus joining fee. Book classes for £20 from BXR London. Banish frizzy, dull hair with OGX’s Frizz-Free and Keratin Smoothing Oil Collection. The products are pH balanced, sulphate free and contain a mix of keratin, argan oil and ceramide to cleanse hair. Buy from £7.50 from Superdrug. We just can’t get enough of Wild’s latest natural deodorant. The limited-edition Candy Floss scent is made using essential oils and natural ingredients including coconut oil, cocoa seed butter and sunflower seed wax. It comes in an aluminium reusable case. Buy for £25 (one case and three refills) from Wild. NAYA is a new holistic skincare brand with the key ingredient of cacay oil. Sustainably sourced from the Amazon rainforest, it’s packed with 70% linolenic acid, vitamin E and vitamin A and promises deeply nourishing and plumping results. Buy from £28 from NAYA. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘I hated fitness until I took up netball’: Why you should reframe exercise as a hobby MORE : ‘We are a feisty bunch’: Meet Britain’s oldest exercise class MORE : From gardening to pole dance – alternative forms of exercise for people who hate the gym