Already barrelled through Bridgerton season two, and left craving more? If buying a bunch of pearl jewellery or planning a Regencycore wedding isn’t scratching that itch, here’s a rather pricey option. A one-bedroom flat in the Royal Crescent, in Bath, has landed on the market for the princely sum of £1million. You’ll likely recognise the exterior of the Royal Crescent – it serves as the home of the Featheringtons in the Netflix show. Now, Prudence, Philipa, and Penelope may have run of the whole building, but that’s not possible for non-Featheringtons. What you can do, however, is own a bit of the home – and quite a nice bit, at that. The Grade I listed flat sits on the first floor of the building, and offers an impressive 1,349 sq ft of space. You enter via the common parts of the building, which have all the Bridgerton vibes you’re craving, then are welcomed by a grand entrance hall. This leads through the the drawing room, complete with high, ornately detailed ceilings, and three large sash windows to give you views of the Royal Crescent’s grounds and Victoria Park. You could fully pretend you’re the season’s diamond in this room – just look at the ornate cornices, fireplace, chandelier, and ceiling roses. Make sure you stick to a royalcore interiors theme when you move in, though. The kitchen is a little less on-theme, with just your standard wooden cupboards and electric hobs, but wait ’til you see the bedroom. Walk through to a dressing room and walk up your grand curved staircase for your own raised retreat – the perfect spot to prepare for another ball. Make sure to check out the original ceiling details in this space, and enjoy leaning over the banister to shout down to your pals about your ideal marriage. There’s a bathroom, too, with a tub. As we mentioned, this all comes with a bit of a high price tag. The guide price is £1,000,000. But if you do fancy making an offer, you can book in a viewing through the Savills listing. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What I Rent: Michael and Leo, £1,400 a month for a one-bedroom flat in Richmond, London MORE : I thought rom-coms weren’t made for brown girls like me – Kate Sharma in Bridgerton has changed that MORE : You can buy your very own church – with pews and an organ still in place – for £295,000