Why settle for plain old beige when you could have a riot of colour? Let Richard O’Gorman, 30, show you the way. Richard, from Erdington, Birmingham, bought his first home – a Victorian terraced house – in February 2020. It was an exciting moment, sure, but the interiors definitely didn’t live up to that sense of celebration, with beige, bland decor. ‘As soon as I stepped through the front door, I knew that this house needed to be in colour,’ said Richard, an interior stylist. He initially thought he’d want a ‘tasteful and minimal’ vibe, but decided instead to go big and bold. When he was placed on furlough from his job as a model agent, then made redundant a few months later, Richard wanted to use his time to give his home a mega makeover. ‘I went out and bought as many pots of paint as possible and just started painting,’ he said. ‘I began with the dining room which I painted blue and orange. When I told my family, they were shocked that I had gone for such loud colours. ‘I started to experiment with the paint and adding shapes to various walls. ‘My aesthetic started to develop from there. ‘The more colours and shapes I was painting, the better it felt and I knew this was the right design for me. ‘One of my favourite features of the house is the bathroom ceiling which I decided to paint yellow. When the sunlight hits it, it shines through the landing. ‘I feel so much happier because of all the colours that I am surrounded by.’ Richard had never picked up a paintbrush before the project, but soon picked up all sorts of DIY skills, learning how to tile the floors and even how to plumb in the bathroom. Soon enough, his house looked radically different, decked out in cheerful murals and bold jewel tones. And now, Richard’s working as an interior stylist and mural artist – he’s even set to compete in Interior Design Masters. Along with a new career path, a bunch of Instagram followers, and a very aesthetically pleasing space, the DIY project has given Richard a whole lot of joy – and that’s the most important thing. He said: ‘Is it weird that I love sitting in here sometimes on that little face stool and just taking in the glorious colour? ‘I know Instagram hates colourful rooms at the moment but honestly can’t imagine my life without colour. ‘I love love love walking down these lilac stairs every morning and back up at night (and about a million times in between because I forget things).’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : DIY couple build their own stylish corner seat worth £800 – for just £100 MORE : Woman transforms ancient caravan into stylish grey space for just £140 MORE : Three-bedroom house on sale for £260,000 hides an amazing pool inside