As Britain told people fleeing Ukraine they could live and work in the UK for three years, asylum seekers from other war-torn countries were left thinking: ‘What about us?’. Human rights campaigners and even Dominic Raab have spoken of the economic and societal benefits of letting people work while they await their applications for refugee status. But it wasn’t until war broke out in Europe that the Government decided to let Ukrainians seek work straight away under its new sponsorship scheme. Meanwhile people fleeing violence from countries like Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan and Yemen can only work after waiting 12 months for their claim with the Home Office. It comes after Tory MPs in the Commons on Tuesday rejected all amendments put forward by the House of Lords to Priti Patel’s controversial Nationality and Borders Bill. Among the Lords’ suggestions were to allow asylum seekers to work after just six months, and to ditch plans to criminalise people who arrive without permits seeking refuge. Plans to detain asylum seekers at offshore sites if they arrive ‘illegally’ are also set to go ahead, although the Home Office is yet to find a country to offer its facilities for this. Sonya Sceats chief Executive of the charity Freedom from Torture, told Metro.co.uk: ‘This is the most draconian piece of legislation that I have seen in my whole career when it comes to refugees. ‘I’m Australian so I’ve seen this all before. The idea that Britain would want to mimic the cruelty of this Australian model is just extraordinary. ‘The Home Office have said “we wouldn’t do it like that” – then why are you getting Australian politicians and others on your payroll to advise you on how to do this?’ Ms Sceats says the legislation completely tears apart the Refugee Convention signed by Britain after World War II, which says refugees must not be penalised based on how they arrive. She says it signals a return to the permit based system which resulted in many Jews being unable to reach Britain during the 1930s and the Holocaust. The United Nations Human Rights Commission has said the bill ‘undermines established international refugee protection rules and practices’ and will have ‘far reaching consequences for people seeking asylum in the UK’. Former UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon said the legislation is ‘contrary to the Refugee Convention and threaten the integrity of the global asylum system’. As the so-called ‘anti-refugee bill’ progressed through parliament, Ms Sceats said the Government enjoyed a PR victory with its Homes for Ukraine campaign. Ministers called on Brits to sponsor and host Ukrainian refugees, who are free to stay and find work for three years, provided they arrive with their visas first. ‘Because the Government is using these permit based schemes to bypass the refugee system for Ukrainians, they are getting the right to work,’ said Ms Sceats. ‘You can see all of these other refugees who are waiting in the asylum system for sometimes many, many years looking at this and detecting a whiff of racism. ‘They’re Europeans and they come from our world, so all of these special systems have been created for them to avoid them having to come through the refugee system. Because while the public is looking the other way the Government is trying to destroy it. ‘That is inevitably going to impact on people fleeing war, torture and persecution from Africa, the Middle East and Asia.’ Ms Sceats suggested that this is a demonstration of how ‘racism is baked into our immigration and asylum system’. With the UK facing a huge shortage of workers, including in many areas where asylum seekers have skills, she says it is ‘just common sense’ to lift the ban on them working. While people await their claims for refugee status, they are given £5 a day to live on, while the state pays for their accommodation. A chronic housing shortage is why you still see many of these people being kept in hotels at as much as £200 per night. Ms Sceats also suggests that allowing asylum seekers to work would help a lot with their integration into British society if they are given permission to stay. She said there are great ‘therapeutic benefits’ in letting people ‘give back to Britain’, being part of a team and using their skills, rather than sitting there day in day out worrying about whether they are going to be deported. ‘Giving people something meaningful and productive to do while they’re waiting for their asylum decision would be such an incredible thing to do,’ she added. ‘Britain is really out of step with other countries on this. Even Australia, which is known to have one of the harshest systems, still gives people the right to work from day one, as does Canada.’ Public opinion may not be in step with the Government’s stance on this issue, as polling by Refugee Action in November suggested only 17% of people supported the idea of penalising asylum seekers based on their mode of arrival. Freedom from Torture say the Home Office is refusing to answer its Freedom of Information Request asking for results of a ‘huge and expensive’ study commissioned by the department on public opinion of its refugee bill. The charity says the Information Commissioner’s Office is now investigating the refusal. There is an alternative way people from conflict-ravaged countries can come to work in the UK straight away. Talent Beyond Boundaries is a global initiative that finds skilled displaced people, puts them through a competitive recruitment process, and gets them clearance to come to Britain as migrants rather than as asylum seekers. With the UK facing a shortage of 50,000 nurses even before the pandemic, the organisation does a lot of work with the NHS and other healthcare providers. As a displaced Palestinian living long-term in Lebanon, Firass Al Lababidi says he was not treated equally when it came to ‘job access, healthcare, education, facilities, or ownership or civil rights’. ‘You don’t have access to higher qualification jobs, you can’t be a doctor, you can’t be a lawyer, you can’t be an engineer,’ he said. ‘Recently they allowed nurses to work as they had a shortage. But you need to get a yearly licence to practice which takes 5/6 months to obtain and expires after another 5/6 months.’ Thankfully through Talent Beyond Boundaries, Firass, 35, was able to get a job for HCA Healthcare. He now works as a nurse at London’s Wellington Hospital with a whole team of fellow Palestinians. ‘I know there’s a million nurses living in Lebanon just waiting to get out and they’re being treated badly undervalued. They can really contribute to the profession in this country,’ he said. He said moving to Britain in September was ‘like a fresh start’, adding: ‘Now I can focus on my career, contribute to this country and have dreams of climbing up the ladder.’ One of Talent Beyond Boundaries’ longer-term goals is to ‘change the rhetoric of people seeking asylum, refugees and forcibly displaced people’. ‘The perception of refugees globally is that they need help, protection and humanitarian assistance,’ said Marina, who is originally from Bosnia and grew up in a Croatian refugee camp before settling in Australia. ‘The perception is not that they are people who may have had or currently have careers. Refugees who are skilled are not seen and are deemed inaccessible. ‘When you see someone carrying plastic bags of their belongings, you see someone at their lowest point and you don’t take a moment to think, “oh, this person is a doctor”. ‘I think there’s also a top-down conversation around seeking protection as being asking for something, and as being a negative thing, when in fact it is a right. ‘It’s coming to a head now because of what’s happening in Ukraine and the different response that has been afforded to people coming from there to those coming from countries like Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq. ‘The incorrect connotations that refugees from the Middle East are synonumous with threats or terrorism have played a huge role in dehumanising the people who are coming, who are skilled, empowered, have a lot to contribute and just want to re-start their lives. ‘What the Ukrainian conflict has really drawn out is that “refugee” is not synonymous with “Arab”, “brown”, or “Middle East”, and I think that’s really jolted people into action.’ A Home Office spokesperson said: ‘The UK has a long history of supporting those fleeing conflict and since 2015, more than 27,000 vulnerable people, including children, seeking refuge from cruel circumstances across the world, have been resettled in the UK – more than any other European country.  People arriving via these routes are given the immediate right to work. ‘We stand shoulder to shoulder with Ukraine setting up the Ukraine Family Scheme and now the Homes for Ukraine scheme which allows those without family connections to come here. ‘Protecting the most vulnerable will always be our top priority. Through the Nationality and Borders Bill, we will ensure a firm but fair system, welcoming people in genuine need through safe and legal routes while tackling people smuggling gangs.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 