Pamela Anderson announced her tell-all Netflix documentary will ‘set the record straight’ surrounding her professional and personal life. The 54-year-old actress became a household name following her role as CJ Parker on the action drama series Baywatch – which has also resulted in her turbulent love life being the topic of public interest. And now, the Barb Wire star is taking control of the narrative in a brand-new special which has been in the works for ‘several years,’ and will feature exclusive footage. The streaming service confirmed the news on Twitter and wrote: ‘Pamela Anderson is ready to tell her story in a new documentary. ‘The film, which has been in the making for several years, will feature the pop culture icon setting the record straight as she looks back on her professional path and her personal journey.’ Pamela took to Instagram and posted a handwritten note which said: ‘My life/ A thousand imperfections/ A million misperceptions/ Wicked, wild and lost/ Nothing to live up to /I can only surprise you /Not a victim, but a survivor /And alive to tell the real story.’ Netflix hasn’t released the documentary’s official title or release date yet, but according to Variety, it’ll be directed by Ryan White and Pamela’s son serves as one of the producers. The model’s personal life has inspired Disney Plus’ latest controversial series Pam and Tommy – which depicts Lily James as Pamela and Sebastian Stan as Mötley Crüe rocker Tommy Lee when their sex tape was stolen and sold on the internet in the 1990s. Putting the sensational transformations of Lily and Sebastian aside, Pamela reportedly wasn’t too thrilled that a traumatic part of her life is premiering weekly on the small screen. A source told People: ‘After the tape was made public, it was a very traumatising situation and it’s unfair that she is being re-subjected to this trauma, like re-opening a wound. ‘Pamela deserves a level of respect. She’s a human being and a mum. There’s a sense of hypocrisy about it.’ Pam and Tommy is available to stream on Disney Plus. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ricky Gervais rips into stars who burst into tears on Who Do You Think You Are: ‘What are you crying about?’ MORE : The Office US: Kevin Malone’s famous chili recipe revealed – and we can’t believe we didn’t notice it before 