A former army chief has warned World War III can’t be ruled out as the conflict in Ukraine intensifies. The former chief of general staff and head of the British Army, General Sir Mike Jackson, warned the war has put the world and Europe in ‘uncharted territory’. The 77-year-old said the risk of nuclear weapons being deployed has increased as a result of recent actions by the Kremlin and president Vladimir Putin. When asked about whether the situation could escalate to a World War III scenario, he told GB News: ‘I can’t rule it out. I find that very hard to say. ‘The situation is now very delicate in terms of east-west and its future. ‘It’s uncharted territory.’ He added: ‘We haven’t, thank God, seen nuclear weapons used since 1945. ‘But I honestly can’t say with confidence we can survive another century without such use.’ Prime minister Boris Johnson has argued Britain should not get involved directly in the eastern European conflict which is a sentiment shared also by the former army chief. ‘Strategically we have to continue on the road we have now set out to assist Ukraine, short of offering military presence in the air or the ground,’ the ex-army chief continued. ‘I am content with that argument. ‘We have to continue ostracising Russian president Vladimir Putin while remembering our dispute isn’t with the Russian people.’ This all comes as Ukraine has defied a Russian ultimatum for its forces to surrender the besieged city of Mariupol. Despite the near-constant barrage, Ukrainian officials flat out rejected Moscow’s demand for Mariupol’s defenders to ‘lay down arms’ even before Russia’s 5am deadline. Over the weekend, Russia said it had unleashed its ‘invincible’ Kinzhal missiles to destroy a large weapons depot in western Ukraine. According to the country’s Interfax news agency, it was the first time the weapons system had been deployed since troops were sent across to the border on February 24. The Kinzhal – otherwise known as the dagger – were part of an array of weapons unveiled by President Vladimir Putin in 2018 which he hailed as ‘invincible’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.