Three million people have now fled Ukraine since Vladimir Putin unleashed war in Europe. Russian troops have devastated cities with nearly three weeks of relentless shelling, leaving Ukrainians with no choice but to abandon their homes in the hope of finding safety elsewhere. Poland has taken in almost 1.8 million refugees so far – the most of any neighbouring country – while Romania, Moldova, Hungary and Slovakia have all welcomed hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians. Unicef has also confirmed a shocking 73,000 Ukrainian children have become refugees every day over the last 20 days. This equates to 55 children every minute or almost one per second. It comes as nearly 89,000 British households signed up to provide a home for Ukrainian refugees. Foreign Office minister James Cleverly praised the public for their efforts to support the Ukrainian people. Boris Johnson is aiming to match the efforts at home with foreign action, as he sets off to travel to Saudi Arabia in a bid to wean the UK off Russian oil and gas. Mr Cleverly even said he was ‘glad the website crashed, because it is a reflection of that generosity of the British people’. ‘The irony of this is I’m actually quite proud that the system struggled,’ he told LBC. ‘We built it quickly. We could have, yes… we could have spent more time stress-testing this website and delayed it a couple of days before launching. ‘But, frankly, I’m glad we moved quickly on this and we’re moving quickly to ensure we’re able to help the Ukrainian refugees.’ The scheme, launched by Communities Secretary Michael Gove, will allow Britons to host refugees for a minimum of six months in exchange for a £350 thank you payment. Meanwhile, attacks are continuing across Ukraine, including in the capital Kyiv. Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky said negotiations with Russia were going ‘pretty well’ in a video statement last night, and Mr Cleverly said he hoped a solution could be found. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.