Vladimir Putin has a brain disorder caused by dementia, Parkinson’s disease or ‘roid rage’ from cancer steroid treatment, intelligence sources have claimed. The Five Eyes alliance – the UK, US, Australia, Canada and New Zealand – is sharing reports from inside the Kremlin about the Russian leader’s ‘increasingly erratic behaviour’. It feeds into a theory that there is a physiological explanation for the dictator’s decision to invade Ukraine. It may also provide a reason for his bloated appearance and the absurd distance he keeps from his visitors and ministers. ‘It is only human sources that can offer you the sort of rich picture that we have of Putin’s psyche,’ an intelligence source told The Mail On Sunday. ‘There has been an identifiable change in his decision-making over the past five years or so. ‘Those around him see a marked change in the cogency and clarity of what he says and how he perceives the world around him.’ There has been no official confirmation, at the super-secretive Kremlin or abroad, about the Russian leader’s health. Conspiracy theories about his current state of mind have been spreading online for weeks following the invasion, but there has been nothing concrete or substantiated. Some have pointed to his bizarre use of long tables during talks with other world leaders like French president Emmanuel Macron. During a televised meeting, Putin’s own foreign minister Sergei Lavrov was also seated at the other end of a long table. There has been much speculation whether this is a powerplay part of his strong-man image he has been building for years, or paranoia. Other theories suggest he could be taking immune-suppressing drugs, and this is a super-cautious Covid-19 measure. Former MI6 head Sir Richard Dearlove recently told GB News it is ‘very worrying’ that Putin may be mentally ‘compromised’ and have his finger on the ‘nuclear button’. He said: ‘Maybe Putin’s behaviour – maybe his rationality – is prejudiced or compromised by illness. ‘The best explanation, that we don’t know whether it’s correct or not, is that he may have Parkinson’s. ‘That certainly I’ve heard from several neurologists who say that loss of restraint, psychosis, are very common Parkinson’s symptoms.’ But Sir Richard stressed that much of the analysis was just ‘speculation’. US senator Marco Rubio also gave his two pennies worth, claiming ‘something is off’ with Putin. As a senior Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee, he is privy to classified intelligence, even if he cannot discuss it publicly. Just days after the Russian invasion in Ukraine started, the politician said on Twitter: ‘I wish I could share more, but for now I can say it’s pretty obvious to many that something is off with Putin. ‘He has always been a killer, but his problem now is different and significant. ‘It would be a mistake to assume this Putin would react the same way he would have five years ago.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.