This house would be a DIY-lover’s dream, but a nightmare for anyone who hates clutter. Up for auction at a guide price of £80,000, the property has three bedrooms and is located in Llandudno, Wales. From the outside it looks like any other end of terrace home, but step inside and you’ll see why it’s got such a bargain price tag. Photos show rooms filled with clutter, presumably not having been cleared out after the last occupant left. Old food and crockery covers the kitchen counters, while stains and built-up grime can be seen throughout. Other rooms are piled high with stacks of papers and beds have been left unmade. In one bedroom, a collection of empty beers cans litter surfaces. Heading to the WC and shower rooms and you’ll spot issues with mould and mildew that need to be addressed, and the large garden out back will also require a clear-out as it’s currently filled with rubbish bags. Although the interiors are somewhat dated, it could be the perfect opportunity to start from scratch and make a place your own. The location can’t be faulted either. Llandudno Town Centre and rail station are less than a mile away, and the coastal spot’s beautiful beaches are easily accessible. It’ll be a big job for whoever buys it, but there’s a lot of potential. According to Zoopla, similarly sized properties in the area typically sell for upwards of £150,000, meaning there’s a lot of value that can be added here. For someone looking to get on the property ladder who, crucially, isn’t afraid to get their hands dirty, it may be a way to get around rising house prices across the country. It’ll be going under the hammer on March 31 through Allsop, offered on a freehold basis. If you’ve got a spare £80k and a whole lot of vision, you may end up as the winning bidder – just make sure to budget for a skip. Check out the listing and enquire to view here. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to use intuitive drinking to help you booze more mindfully MORE : Is a ‘hall pass’ ever a good idea in a relationship?