Chris Rock wasn’t aware of Jada Pinkett-Smith’s struggles with alopecia before he made a joke about her hair, which sparked a slap from her husband Will Smith at Sunday night’s Oscars, according to reports. The comedian was presenting on stage when he took aim at Jada’s shaved head, saying he couldn’t wait for ‘GI Jane 2’. After Jada, 50, rolled her eyes at the remark, Will, 53, was seen storming the stage before hitting the former SNL star, 57, and shouting: ‘Keep my wife’s name out of your f***ing mouth.’ It seems after that the whole of Hollywood and beyond – hello Liam Payne, hello Piers Morgan, hello Tory MPs – have weighed in on the controversial moment, but sources have claimed Chris wasn’t aware of Jada’s condition. In 2018 the Red Table Talk host opened up about her alopecia on the Facebook Watch series, as she explained why she wore turbans. Since then she’s been honest and open about how she’s struggled with her hair loss, and her decision to shave her head. Alopecia is an autoimmune condition that causes her hair to fall out. It is often associated with stress and anxiety. There is no cure, but treatments are available to slow down the loss of hair. According to TMZ, sources claimed Chris had no idea Jada had alopecia and insisted he ‘doesn’t have a mean bone in his body’. While Will has since issued a public apology to Chris after the altercation, the source had also claimed the actor and comedian hadn’t yet spoken. A source close to P Diddy was also forced to clarify comments after it was suggested the two men had talked it out after the rapper insisted they’ll settle the moment ‘like family’. They said Diddy spoke with Chris and Will ‘individually’ before they ‘reiterated what he said on stage, the two are brothers and “it’s all love.”‘ Diddy, who came on stage just after the slap, said during the ceremony: ‘Will and Chris, we are going to solve that like family at The Gold Party. But right now, we are moving on with love.’ The Los Angeles Police Department had confirmed that Chris will not be pressing charges against Will. A spokesperson told the PA news agency: ‘LAPD investigative entities are aware of an incident between two individuals during the Academy Awards programme. ‘The incident involved one individual slapping another. The individual involved has declined to file a police report. ‘If the involved party desires a police report at a later date, LAPD will be available to complete an investigative report.’ On Monday, the Fresh Prince of Bel Air actor addressed the shocking incident in an Instagram post, and admitted he was ’embarrassed’ by his actions, while also saying sorry to Chris. ‘Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive,’ Will began. ‘My behaviour at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally.’ He continued: ‘I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong. I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness. ‘I would also like to apologise to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world. I would like to apologise to the Williams Family and my King Richard Family. ‘I deeply regret that my behaviour has stained what has been an otherwise gorgeous journey for all of us.’ He concluded: ‘I am a work in progress.’ The Academy has since announced it has launched a formal investigation into the incident, while stating it ‘condemns the actions of Mr Smith’. Will went on to win the coveted best actor Oscar later in the ceremony for his role as Richard Williams in King Richard, and was seen partying at the Vanity Fair afterparty with wife Jada by his side and children Trey, Jaden and Willow. Metro.co.uk contacted reps of Chris for comment. MORE : Chris Rock sees huge surge in tour ticket sales after Will Smith Oscars slap and clearly not everybody hates Chris MORE : Breaking Bad star Dean Norris wishes Joe Rogan joked about Jada Pinkett-Smith as Will Smith smacks Chris Rock Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below