The Ukrainian government has accused Russia of perpetrating a ‘genocide’ after reporting a hospital had been damaged in a missile strike. At least two died when a residential area in the city of Zhytomyr was hit by a rocket, according to emergency services. They said that three homes were burned to the ground and a medical building was damaged when a missile landed in a residential area, around 85 miles west of Kyiv. Video posted on social media by Ukraine’s government showed buildings reduced to rubble and smoke rising while firefighters searched through the debris. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Another official put the death toll at four and accounts linked to the authorities said a ‘maternity home’ was among those struck. Meanwhile, elite Russian paratroopers have been airdropped into Kharkiv after the brutal bombing of the city continued. Ukraine’s second largest city has bore the brunt of fighting in recent days and dozens of civilians have been killed in huge missile strikes. The mainly-Russian speaking city is just 25 miles from the border but has yet to fully fall to the invading force, despite intense attacks. Other videos posted on social media showed the city centre in ruins and a local police headquarters being destroyed by fire. There were also reports of fighting close to a military hospital in Kharkiv, which a government account said was launched by a ‘diversion intelligence unit’. Regional administration officials said 21 people had been killed in the the last 24 hours and more than 100 were injured. That number is expected to rise after the same official channel confirmed fighting across the city overnight. Russia’s defence ministry said it carried out 67 air strikes on what it described as military infrastructure, according to the RAI news agency. It also claimed to have taken full control of the city of Kherson, although this is yet to be independently verified. Joe Biden addressed the war during his State of the Union address on Tuesday, telling Congress: ‘Throughout our history we’ve learned this lesson — when dictators do not pay a price for their aggression, they cause more chaos. ‘They keep moving. And the costs and threats to America and the world keep rising.’ He also announced the US was closing its airspace to Russian planes, further constricting Vladimir Putin’s economy. A 40-mile long convoy of military vehicles is still moving towards the capital city of three million people but Kyiv continues to hold out against attacks. The UK Ministry of Defence believes three cities – Kharkiv, Kherson and Mariupol – have been cut off by Russian forces. Kharkiv’s main square was hit by a missile strike on Tuesday which devastated some of the city’s most recognisable buildings and indiscriminately killed civilians. At least five died when a Russian air strike hit the TV tower in Kyiv, prompting a furious and emotional response from Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky. He called the Kharkiv attack a war crime and ‘frank, undisguised terror’, adding: ‘Nobody will forgive. Nobody will forget.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.