Witske Sima, 57, has always had a passion for the 1970s. So much so that she’s spent years transforming her three-bedroom house into an ode to the decade. The assistant charity manager from Rotterdam, Netherlands, has filled her home with groovy orange tones, geometric prints, and vintage thrifted finds. Her fondness for the 70s extends to her wardrobe, too – she’s picked up loads of retro dresses from the era. Witske said: ‘I’ve been collecting vintage and retro items for most of my life. ‘I’ve collected everything from dresses to ash trays, cushion covers and old telephones. ‘I even have pieces from when I was 11 years old from when I stayed over at a relative’s house back in the 70s. ‘I’ve had the same two orange chairs and shag rug for as long as I can remember. ‘I actually still have one of the first things I bought, which was an orange antique radio set. ‘I just love the colours and shapes for the 70s period, they’re so beautiful, they just bring an overwhelming happiness to whatever room they decorate. ‘The shapes and patterns are really unique, and I’ve been painting and re-creating the styles everywhere I’ve lived for the past 30 years!’ Witske’s home is now like a time capsule that takes you back to the past, and a lot of that is down to her DIY skills. She’s done a lot of the work herself, upcycling thrifted finds and reupholstering furniture to stick to the theme. ‘I’m a big fan of 70s fabrics and have covered a lot of my house with them,’ said Witske. ‘I’ve used it to make curtains, covers for boxes, cushions, stools and even chairs. ‘I also really love wallpaper especially ones with different patterns that are really colourful, sometimes I will just cut a square out of a piece of fabric or wallpaper that I like and hang it up like a piece of art. ‘My favourite room in the house is the living room because of the wall rack I created between the two chimneys. ‘It’s like a floating shelving unit, and the browns just contrast so well with the bright oranges on either side. ‘I love fixing things up and making them look incredible. ‘There’s nothing better than putting together something beautiful out of wood and creating something that you can’t buy new in the store.’ As glorious as the interiors look now, Witske isn’t done just yet. ‘It’s taken me years to decorate my home as a tribute to the 70s, but it will never be finished,’ she noted. ‘There’s always something else to add, and I am constantly finding more items online and in thrift stores that I’ll pick up for my collection. ‘Vintage items are definitely starting to rise in price now that it’s becoming more popular, but I still love to find a good bargain here and there such as an incredible ash tray that cost me around 80 pence. “I don’t think I’ll ever spend lots of money on 70s items, it’s best to find things cheap or to up cycle pieces to reflect the period. ‘I could never imagine having a plain home, it just shows a lack of creativity.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Couple renovate their entire house with no DIY experience – and it looks amazing MORE : Woman transforms dull home office into vibrant working space MORE : DIY newbie turns plain beige house into gloriously colourful wonderland while furloughed