The Ukrainian Football Association (UAF) has moved to punish Anatoliy Tymoshchuk for his silence on Russia’s invasion and his decision to continue working for Zenit St Petersburg. Tymoshchuk is Ukraine’s most-capped player with 144 appearances and was the captain of his national side for four years before he retired in 2016. The 42-year-old, who beat Andriy Shevchenko in a national poll to be named Ukraine’s greatest-ever player in 2011, is currently the assistant coach at Russian club Zenit. Tymoshchuk has faced heavy criticism for his decision to not speak out against Russia’s attack on Ukraine, while he has also remained in his post with Zenit, despite the conflict in his homeland. Last week, Atalanta’s Ukrainian midfielder Ruslan Malinovskyi hit out at  Tymoshchuk, claiming that he has erased his legacy. ‘I don’t know about Tymoshchuk, you need to ask him. Hard to comment but it’s weird (why he hasn’t) – I think it’s not right,’ Malinovskyi wrote on Twitter. ‘It’s 100% the case that he’s no longer (or ever will be) a legend of Ukraine football. ‘His previous achievements have been forgotten.’ The UAF has now concluded that Tymoshchuk has violated its Code of Ethics and Fair Play regulations and has ‘damaged the image of Ukrainian football’. The UAF has called for Tymoshchuk to be stripped of his UEFA Pro coaching licence, which he obtained in Ukraine. The governing body has also requested that Tymoshchuk is to be stripped of all league and cup medals which he won in Ukraine, which includes three league titles with Shakhtar Donetsk, three Ukrainian Cups and the Ukrainian Super Cup. The UAF also wants to strip Tymoshchuk of his 144 caps and has requested that his state awards and honorary titles are taken away. A statement from the UAF read: ‘Since the beginning of Russia’s military aggression against Ukraine, Tymoschuk AA, the former captain of the Ukrainian national team, not only did not make any public statements in this regard, but also did not stop his cooperation with the club of the aggressor. ‘At a time when his former club, Bayern Munich, are publishing statements and holding rallies in support of Ukraine, AA Tymoschuk continues to remain silent and work for the aggressor’s club. ‘By making this conscious choice, AA Tymoschuk damages the image of Ukrainian football and violates Clause 1.4. Part 1 of Art. 4 of the Code of Ethics and Fair Play UAF.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 