It had been the impossible dream of Formula 1 bosses for decades, but now it finally looks like they’ve made it big in America. The announcement that there will be a new Grand Prix, set on the streets of Las Vegas from 2023 onwards, means that the USA will host not one, not two but three events on the F1 calendar, with the race at Austin already well-established and the Miami Grand Prix set to make its debut in May. Only twice before has a country hosted three races in a single season: Italy in 2020 with races at Monza, Imola and Mugello, although this came about because of the COVID-19 pandemic rather than any commercial desire for it, and the US had a go back in 1982 with circuits in Long Beach, Detroit and Vegas, where cars raced around, believe it or not, the car park of the Caesars Palace hotel. So, what has changed? How has a sport that has struggled for so long to find a home stateside, found three in a short space of time? And perhaps the biggest question of all is: will it last? F1’s history with the US is long and complicated to say the least, with no less than 10 different circuits hosting grand prix events since 1950. Yet very few of these tracks proved popular with drivers and spectators alike, with NASCAR and IndyCar remaining the go to motorsport. This wasn’t helped by a lack of American drivers on the grid. While they can boost two world champions in Phil Hill and Mario Andretti, no American has won a race since 1978 and this is not just a historical issue either. This century has only seen two US drivers manage a race start, namely Scott Speed and Alexander Rossi, who scored a combined total of zero points across 33 races. Yet those in charge of the pinnacle of motorsport still believed they could crack America and in 2012 it looked like they had finally done it with the debut of the Circuit of the Americas in Austin which has continued to host the United States Grand Prix ever since with attendance numbers growing year on year, with over 400,000 turning up in 2021, the most ever recorded at a grand prix weekend. However, one successful race in the States was never enough. Before cars had even tested out Austin, plans were announced for the Grand Prix of America to be held on a street circuit in New Jersey in 2013, although these were never realised due to contract and financial disputes. Following this, then-F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone cooled interest in a second Stateside race instead focusing on bringing back Grand Prix in Austria and Mexico but speculation of races on the streets of New York or Vegas never went away. When Liberty Media took control of F1 in 2017, the sport was in decline with audience numbers dropping following years of mostly dull championship battles. Their plan to rebrand the sport raised eyebrows to say the least but five years on it has been an unquestionable success. Much of this is owed to the Netflix series Drive to Survive that debuted in 2019 and gave fans a behind-the-scenes look at the sport and introduced non-fans to a world of fast cars, big personalities and high drama. The result? Viewing figures rose astronomically, with The Guardian reporting that the 2021 season was the most watched in American history, while Nielsen Sports say that over a billion people worldwide now claim an interest in F1. The announcement of the Las Vegas Grand Prix has come just over a month before the debut of the Miami Grand Prix, such is the confidence in this newfound love for F1 in America. With both events slated to be on the calendar until the 2030s and with Austin set to remain until at least 2026, F1’s current CEO Stefano Domenicali has gambled big time on America’s interest in F1 lasting long after the likes of Lewis Hamilton and Daniel Ricciardo hang up their helmets. It’s a justified experiment no doubt, but one that may prove unpopular if more beloved tracks are forced to make way to accommodate new circuits that have yet to prove their entertainment value. MORE : F1 secures £1billion deal to stage Las Vegas Grand Prix over next decade MORE : F1 calendar could hit whopping 30 races per season including Las Vegas and Africa, says chief For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 