In his strongest condemnation of the Russian President yet, US President Joe Biden said on Wednesday that he believes Vladimir Putin ‘is a war criminal’ for his unprovoked attacks on Ukraine. It was the first time the President called Putin that phrase, and reflects a shift from his administration’s previous stance. Officials, including Biden, had previously held back from saying war crimes were being committed in Ukraine. But today, Biden made his stance known, and asserted that he believes the intentional targeting of civilians in Ukraine would constitute war crimes. Biden had been asked by a reporter: ‘Mr. President, after everything we’ve seen, are you ready to call Putin a war criminal?’ At first, Biden replied, ‘No.’ The President then asked if he will ‘go to Poland,’ where millions of Ukrainian refugees have fled following Russia’s invasion. Seeming to still be processing the first question, Biden then asked the reporter, ‘Did you ask me whether I should call?’ He then added: ‘Oh, I think he is a war criminal.’ At a later press briefing when asked about his remarks, White House Press Secretary said that Biden was speaking from his heart and based his opinions on what he has seen on the news, which are ‘barbaric actions by a brutal dictator.’ There is a separate legal process to determine whether Putin has violated international law and committed war crimes, which is currently underway at the State Department, Psaki said. Biden’s strong denunciation of Putin’s attack on Ukraine comes after he announced an additional $800million will be given in security assistance to Ukraine, bringing the total US contribution to the war-stricken nation to over $1billion in the past week. The aid package contains 800 Stinger anti-aircraft systems; 9,000 anti-armor systems including 2,000 Javelin; 100 grenade launchers; and more than 20million rounds of small arms ammunition. The US will also allocate additional drones to Ukraine. While speaking on the new package heading to Ukraine, Biden failed to mention President Volodymyr Zelensky’s greatest plea. In a virtual address earlier Wednesday, Zelensky spoke to members of the House and Senate, begging for a no-fly zone to be implemented over his country. He called on Biden to be ‘a leader of the world’ and a ‘leader of peace.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.