Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Mark Page has been found guilty of trying to arrange sex with children as young as 12 in the Philippines. The 63-year-old divorced father-of-three was convicted on Wednesday of four out of five counts of arranging the commission of a child sex offence following a trial at Teesside Crown Court. The jury cleared him of one of the charges. Page, who worked at the radio station in the 1980s, even tried to bargain down the price for a sexual encounter with a girl aged 12 and a boy of 13, arguing that 3,000 pesos (around £44), was too much. Two of these offences were committed remotely from the UK in 2016, while two happened in the Philippines on separate trips made by Page in 2016 and 2019. Facebook grew concerned about messages on its platform and alerted a charity, which in turn informed UK law enforcement. Cleveland Police then carried out a search warrant at the former broadcaster’s home in January 2020. Page’s tablet, mobile phone, Skype activity, texts, bank account and money transfers, as well as a computer tower, were analysed before charging him. The disgraced DJ told the court that his devices had been hacked; however, he did not mention this while he was being interviewed by police, as he gave ‘no comment’ answers, and later explained to the jury that he was in shock. Prosecutor Jo Kidd drew parallels with higher profile paedophiles than Page during her damning closing speech to the jury. Page had no previous dealings with police and was of previously good character, but Miss Kidd said: ‘Some of you may be old enough to remember Jim’ll Fix It. ‘You will remember watching It’s a Knockout. You will remember revelling in the size of Gary Glitter’s shoes. ‘They were people who were spoken highly of, even people who were knighted by the Queen.’ She added that there was almost a ‘state funeral’ for Savile, with his golden coffin taken through the streets of Leeds. The prosecutor continued: ‘I am not saying this on the basis that just because Mr Page was a Radio 1 DJ, that it makes him guilty of these offences. ‘But it is worth noting, when one puts on a public face, when one carries out charity work, it does not mean the underbelly of their sexual depravity is not real.’ Page, from Ingleby Barwick, Teesside, was well known as the match announcer at Middlesbrough FC games for 20 years until his arrest, and had a lengthy career in broadcasting, even setting up a successful radio station for the British Army. He used frequent business trips to the Philippines, as well as charity work, as a cover for his perverted interest in underage sex. The former presenter will be sentenced at Teesside Crown Court on Thursday. MORE : Bridgerton’s Jonathan Bailey reveals pressure to suppress sexuality in showbiz: ‘I’d much prefer to hold my boyfriend’s hand in public’ MORE : BBC hit with complaints over ‘heartbreaking’ Panorama documentary on cow abuse that left viewers ‘shocked to the core’ 