A cruel dog owner who starved his pets has been banned from keeping animals. Daryl Luke Hill pleaded guilty to failing to provide adequate nutrition and veterinary care for his dogs at Dundee Sheriff Court last week. A member of the public had raised concerns about their welfare to the authorities. Scottish SPCA (SSPCA) officers then visited his home and found Staffordshire bull terrier Kaiser, aged eight, and German shepherd Chaos, two. Both dogs were dangerously underweight. Kaiser could barely stand and his hind legs would ‘sink’ after a few seconds of holding up his body weight. It would have taken months of malnutrition for the pair to get in such a severe condition, inspectors said. SSPCA officers rescued the dogs from the property in April, 2020. Inspector Robert Baldie, said: ‘Hill was advised of the reason for our visit and was asked to if he could bring the dog to the door. ‘He returned carrying an eight-year-old Staffordshire bull terrier named Kaiser which appeared seriously underweight. ‘Hill was asked to place the dog on the ground in the front garden and Kaiser was so emaciated he could barely stay on his feet. ‘The dog tried to eat something lying in the garden and Hill pushed him away telling him to stop. ‘Kaiser then fell over onto his side and could not get back to his feet without the aid of Hill. ‘We then asked to see his other dog, a two-year-old German shepherd named Chaos. ‘He was brought to the door and was also seriously underweight but was bright and alert. ‘We were extremely concerned for the welfare of both dogs, and immediately removed them to be transported for a veterinary examination. ‘At the examination, both dogs were extremely emaciated and shook when standing still.’ Hill, of Beauly Crescent in Dundee, had claimed Chaos belonged to a friend – but admitted Kaiser was his. As well as his three-year-ban, the 32-year-old was given 180 hours of community payback following the SSPCA investigation. His animals are now recovering well from their ordeal with proper care and attention. Mr Baldie added: ‘The only treatment required was a proper diet. ‘Kaiser and Chaos would have taken months to reach this condition and Hill seemed to be aware that the dogs were clearly in poor condition. ‘By feeding a good basic diet he could have easily alleviated the suffering caused to both dogs. ‘With the correct feeding regime, there has been a marked improvement in both the dogs’ condition. ‘We are pleased Hill has pled guilty and received this sentence. ‘The ban will ensure no other animals will suffer like Kaiser and Chaos did, although we would have liked the ban to be for a longer period of time.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.