The rising cost of living is on the news every day. We are all impacted. Making changes is inevitable. Adjusting to a more conscious, frugal way of spending our money has to be one of the themes of 2022. Astrology can help. Follow this guide to the money-saving changes your star sign should make. (Of course, permission is granted to steal the ideas off the other signs, too, but these are tailored to each sign’s approach to personal finance) March 21 to April 20 Money-saving tip for Aries: Consolidate debt Seek out those 0% balance-transfer credit card deals- these credit cards won’t charge any interest on transferred debts for a set period (but not forever, so also make a plan to organise repayments in time). You are known for being extravagant, generous and bold, so it’s likely, over time, you’ve accrued a few debts. Now is a good time to get securely on top of them and clear what you can, or buy some time. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Money-saving tip for Taurus: Start cooking from scratch With the investment of a blender, and maybe a few other gadgets depending on what your go-to culinary favourites are, you could be making your own soups and smoothies to get you through breakfast and lunch without having to spend a fortune. Buy reduced or ugly fruit and veg and turn it into your daily five-a-day with ease. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Money-saving tip for Gemini: Cancel unneccessary direct debits If you don’t regularly read your bank statement, it can be easy to miss direct debits you’ve forgotten to cancel. Gemini, this tip has got your name written all over it, because you flit from one hobby/ambition/travel plan/lifestyle routine.activity to the next with startling ease and speed. It’s very likely that, over time, you’ve accrued some subscriptions and memberships you’ve long since ditched. Clear them out. Get into the habit of checking quarterly, or even monthly if you’re particularly busy. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Money-saving tip for Cancer: Be savvier when eating out You love eating out and indulging in fine dining and socialising, and you don’t wish to give up all of your treats. Make what you spend go further by ordering takeaways direct from a restaurant and picking them up yourself, using vouchers, joining a dining plan (there are lots that offer great value), checking discount websites for codes before you go out. Plan your quaffing. And get used to asking for a doggy bag. There’s no sense in wasting what you’ve paid for and it will save you money on lunch the following day. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Money-saving tip for Leo: Use price comparison websites You love competition and ideally rivalry which has you at the very centre of it. In a funny way, price comparison sites make you feel like they’re all vying for your custom (and I guess they are). You can compare hundreds of products or services, and ensure you choose the best one for your circumstances. Get used to making this a prequel to any major spends or purchases. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Money-saving tip for Virgo: Shop more shrewdly Collecting coupons and checking the reduced aisle in your supermarket shop can start to shave the £££ off your big weekly spend. Get to know when your local places reduce their goods and zoom in when you can, freeze what you can. Look for deals, make it a game if you will. You enjoy solving puzzles and competing for a prize – which is, in this case, putting the cash back into your back pocket. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Money-saving tip for Libra: Share your subscriptions We live in a world of seemingly never-ending subscriptions to streaming services. You may be able to save on these by taking out what many call ‘family plans’, allowing you to share accounts with people. Pool your resources and share the content as much as possible. You’re the most sociable star sign – I bet you can hook up to nearly every service going! Bring the entertainment world to you with a little help from your friends and family. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Money-saving tip for Scorpio: Trim down your travel costs You resent being taken advantage of deeply, in any way, and travel costs irk you particularly because you’ve got to move to earn. It’s a vicious cycle. Joining a car-sharing scheme could halve your fuel costs. Or, walking or cycling, where possible, can save you money on fuel or public transport tickets, and will help you stay fit and strong. You could, if you have a parking space at home which is empty during the day, make money from it. There are plenty of websites that allow you to rent out your empty driveway or garage to motorists needing a place to park. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Money-saving tip for Sagittarius: Use a budgeting app There are many and varied mobile phone apps that’ll help you fix your finances and many of these will let you add accounts from multiple banks so you can keep track of the bigger picture. You are an ‘act first, think later’ person and this can get you into financial hot water. Having an on-the-spot means to check your coffers will help you to avoid disasters. Plus, getting into this habit will subconsciously help you think twice before you spend a fortune again. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Money-saving tip for Capricorn: Sign up for loyalty cards A whole host of places reward their customers by allowing them to build points every time they make a purchase, which can be converted into money-off vouchers. This appeals to you, Cap, because you value and appreciate loyalty and you yourself remain loyal to the places that give you good service. Make sure you’re being rewarded right back for your ongoing custom. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Money-saving tip for Aquarius: Sort our your overdraft Most banks had to alter their overdraft fees when regulations changed in 2020 and you could endure charges of up to 39.9% EAR for going overdrawn. However, there are bank accounts that offer free authorised overdrafts so make sure you’ve got something like that in place, Aquarius, because you’re the master of spontaneity. You can’t resist doing what you want to do when you want to do it. Even if it costs you. Make sure you’ve got financial flexibility in place. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Money-saving tip for Pisces: Make your home budget-friendly You are a true homebody and love being cosy and secure in your personal sanctuary. Make sure it’s all as efficient cost-wise as possible too with the following mini tips: block unused and non-working fireplaces (it’s like having an open window otherwise), tackle draughts by filling any gaps around windows or doors with draught excluder strips or expanding foam fillers, turn radiators down in rooms you don’t use, and wash clothes at 20°C instead of 40°C to save money on running costs. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness 