Katherine Ryan has issued a staunch defence for ‘roast comedy’ following Jimmy Carr’s recent Holocaust joke backlash, saying that the genre must continue ‘even if people get offended’. During the National Comedy Awards for Stand Up To Cancer, which aired on Channel 4 on Saturday evening and took place a few days ago, the comedian won the prize for outstanding female comedy entertainment performance. The award ceremony took place shortly after a resurfaced clip from Carr’s Netflix special His Dark Material sparked huge levels of fury, when he joked that the ‘thousands of Gypsies that were killed by the Nazis’ was a ‘positive’. During her acceptance speech at the event, Ryan began by paying homage to the late Sean Lock, saying that she felt ‘very lucky to have ever spent a moment in his presence’. Referencing the various appearances she has made on Channel 4 panel show 8 Out Of 10 Cats and its Countdown spin-off over the years, she said: ‘It will be 10 years in May since I first appeared on 8 Out Of 10 Cats – most of me first appeared on 8 Out Of 10 Cats. ‘It evolved into 8 Out Of 10 Cats Does Countdown, and I always looked forward to the bit where Jimmy Carr would give me the roast joke, you know? That’s a genre of comedy that he happens to be best at. I think it’s really important that we all protect that genre even if people get offended by it.’ Some people cheered and clapped over Ryan’s remark, before she concluded her speech by thanking those who worked on 8 Out Of 10 Cats Does Countdown, including Carr. ‘Thank you to all the men who let me be on their Channel 4 shows,’ she added, before leaving the stage. Some people on Twitter expressed their shock over Ryan’s support of Carr, while others defended her statement. ‘Has Katherine Ryan just tried to defend Jimmy Carr? JFC! [Jesus F***ing Christ],’ one person wrote. ‘Not sure @Kathbum saying @jimmycarr roasting people was not offensive …….. was offensive,’ another wrote. Someone else referenced the digs that were made about Carr during the event, after host Tom Allen said that the comedian was ‘recovering from a nasty bout of career suicide’. ‘Anyone else notice the constant Jimmy Carr jokes right up until @Kathbum spoke out to support him and then they suddenly stopped. Strange that,’ they stated. Another said that ‘the silence was LOUD’ after Ryan’s statement about Carr and ‘roast comedy’. Last month, Rob Rinder – who also appeared at the National Comedy Awards – criticised the audience who ‘cheered’ over Carr’s ‘breathtakingly racist’ Holocaust joke. The barrister said: ‘The truly disturbing thing isn’t just the gag, it’s that on hearing it, instead of leaving, the audience clapped, whooped and cheered in approval.’ The National Comedy Awards will be available to watch on All 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Heartbreaking’ tributes to Sean Lock at National Comedy Awards leave fans in tears as Lee Mack, Bill Bailey and Katherine Ryan honour late comedian MORE : Comedian Hannah Gadsby says Vladimir Putin and Jimmy Carr are ‘interchangeable’ as they ‘both hate minorities’ 