Oleksandr Zinchenko has thanked the world for standing with Ukraine and says he would join the army to fight Russia but was stopped from doing so by his family. The Manchester City defender returned to the team for the midweek FA Cup win over Peterborough United – having sat out of the club’s previous league game – and carried the Ukraine flag before the match. Around one million Ukrainians have fled since Russian President Vladimir Putin invaded the country a little over a week ago, while many others have stayed to fight the advancing forces. Ukraine has received almost universal support from the international community, with many countries sending weapons and resources to eastern Europe, while several Russian companies and individuals have received sanctions. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘I’m so grateful,’ Ukraine international Zinchenko told BBC Sport. ‘I’m so grateful to all these people for the support I’m getting here. ‘I didn’t realise it’s going to be like that in this way. So I would like to say all of them big thanks. I appreciate it. ‘I’m getting a lot of messages from a lot of guys in Ukraine and they are asking me about the videos of support [from the UK]. ‘So people are watching TV, the people are still watching football, and they can see all these things, and I guess it helps a lot for them. ‘It’s like, the people who are supporting Ukraine, they are trying to push them – don’t give up. And I know my people they won’t.’ Zinchenko has made more than 100 appearances for Manchester City since joining the club in 2016. He was left out of Man City’s first game since Russia declared war but was seen on the sidelines getting emotional as Everton’s Goodison Park showed support to Ukraine. The 25-year-old, who was named as City’s captain against Peterborough, has opened up on the moment he found out about Russia’s invasion. ‘At midnight UK time, my wife woke me up and she was crying,’ an emotional  Zinchenko added. ‘I was in shock. ‘She showed me the videos, the pictures, what’s going on now in Ukraine. Maybe the most closest feeling is when someone from your circle is dying. You know, this feeling like you feel so bad inside. But this is even much more worse. ‘I’m just crying. So already a week, I’m not counting, but even I can drive the car from the training ground, or it doesn’t matter where, I can just cry from nothing. ‘It’s everything in my head. Imagine the place where you was born, where you was growing up. And there is just empty ground.’ Zinchenko also insisted he would have returned to Ukraine to fight the Russian army had it not been for his family. ‘I’ll be honest, if not for my daughter, my family, I would be there,’ he said. ‘I’m just born like that. I know the people from my country, the mentality of them, and all of them, they think exactly the same. ‘I’m so proud to be Ukrainian, and I will be forever for the rest of my life. And when you’re watching the people, how they fight for their lives. ‘I know the people, the mentality of my people from my country, they prefer to die, and they will die. But they’re not going to give [up].’ Zinchenko could feature for Manchester City on Sunday when they welcome rivals Manchester United to the Etihad. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 