People in a bomb shelter in Kyiv were left fighting back tears as a young Ukrainian girl sang ‘Let It Go’ to a captive audience. The girl, only known as Amelia, gave a moving rendition of the smash hit from the animated film Frozen in a bid to lift everyone’s spirits during the ongoing Russian invasion. Marta Smekhova posted the video on Facebook on Thursday, and said she had permission from Amelia’s mum. She wrote: ‘From the first word in the [bomb shelter] came complete silence… everyone put their business aside and listen[ed] to a song by this girl who was just beaming light… even men couldn’t hold back the tears.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live In the video, Amelia – whose age is not known – is seen sweetly but confidently singing ‘Let It Go’ and gives a word-perfect version of the Ukrainian translation. Everyone has stopped what they are doing to listen, with some people lying on the floor, and others standing or sitting while filming her performance on their phones. When she finishes, the crowd erupts in cheers and applause. One voice is heard saying, ‘Bravo! Bravo!’ as Amelia holds her hands in front of her face. It is not clear when the video was taken, or exactly where in Kyiv the shelter is. Marta said she filmed Amelia while visiting a bomb shelter in Kyiv. An English translation of her Ukrainian post said: ‘Seeing in one of the Kyiv bomb storage, how children draw bright pictures in half-darkness, I, of course, couldn’t silently pass by… stopped, praised, offered to do a little exhibition to somehow decorate this not so happy place.’ She said she helped a young boy and girl paint pictures to decorate the bomb shelter. ‘The girl turned out to be so friendly, so talkative,’ Marta added. ‘She told me that besides drawing, she loves to sing… and whispered shared her dream that she wants to sing on a big stage in front of the audience… ‘So what’s the matter ? – I’m saying, now we’re organising… do you see honey how many people are here? that’s what you sing for!’ Marta said Amelia was ‘worried’ as she had never performed before – and was concerned people wouldn’t listen. ‘Needless to say worried for nothing,’ Marta added. She said her video has had a huge impact across the world. Marta wrote: ‘I showed this video to people in different cities of Ukraine, it was seen by foreigners in different parts of the world! ‘Amelia, your singing left no one indifferent! ‘Look, Russians, against whom you are fighting! Only a coward can fight against civilians, take away childhood from defenseless children! ‘You let your children go to the stew, making them into cannon meat… and our children radiate light, and even in a raw dark basement it does not blink, but ignites even brighter!’ Holly Willoughby watched the heartbreaking clip on ITV’s This Morning today, and was left incredibly emotional afterwards. Choked up, she said: ‘It’s horrible… it’s horrible.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.