Viewers of the Channel 4 documentary Death on Daytime are calling on TalkRadio to sack Jeremy Kyle from his radio show. The detailed documentary featured former employees – played by actors – and guests discussing their harrowing experiences on the hit show, which was axed in May 2019. The two-parter also looked into guest Steve Dymond, who died by suicide aged 63, after ‘failing’ a lie detector test which suggested he had cheated on his ex-partner. One of the shocking allegations made in the tell-all claimed that the producers weren’t allowed food until guests were booked. Having learnt of the horrors behind the ITV show, viewers are now calling on TalkRadio to fire Jeremy Kyle from his current gig. This follows many viewers already condemning ITV for their treatment of staff and guests, and boycotting the channel. One viewer said: ‘Phenomenal that Jeremy Kyle is allowed to have a job as a radio presenter after the way he’s treated people on national television. The arrogance makes my skin crawl and the way he was allowed to act that way is astounding. It’s peoples lives.’ Another Tweeted: ‘Why is @talkRADIO still employing Jeremy Kyle & offering him a platform daily on their radio station. Absolutely shocking. He shouldn’t be allowed anywhere near a TV studio or radio station’ Yesterday, Kyle issued a response during his drivetime slot on the radio channel, stressing that he intends to ‘maintain’ his approach during the matter. ‘Let’s just deal with the elephant in the room straight away,’ he said. ‘A couple of texts already talking about a certain programme that was on television last night. Yes, I am fully aware.’ Addressing his loyal listeners at home, Kyle continued: ‘I will say only this, my friends, to you. I have maintained a consistent approach over the last three years. ‘I have said that I will not comment on the tragic death of Steve Dymond until the legal process is finished, and that is a position that I will maintain.’ He added: ‘When, and trust me there will be a time after the inquest, when it is proper for me to have my say, because there are two sides to every story. I will do it here, and I will do it to you, and that is the most important thing.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Jeremy Kyle’s representatives for comment. Jeremy Kyle Show: Death on Daytime returns tonight at 9pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Kyle breaks silence over Channel 4’s Death on Daytime documentary and vows to speak out after Steve Dymond inquest MORE : Jeremy Kyle viewers condemn ITV over ‘uncomfortable’ Death on Daytime documentary: ‘Hey Ofcom you might want to have a word’ 