Prime Minister Boris Johnson refused to be drawn on individual sanctions for Roman Abramovich during PMQs this afternoon after he was quizzed about the Russian’s ownership of Chelsea. The UK government has imposed sanctions on as many as 275 individuals since Russia invaded Ukraine last week, with the government targeting those associated with Vladimir Putin’s regime. Abramovich, 55, owns Chelsea and has a number of properties in London. On Saturday, he announced his intention to step back from the club by handing ‘stewardship’ of its control into the hands of six individuals, while he’s said to have put the club up for sale in the last 24 hours. Labour leader Keir Starmer kicked off PMQs by asking Johnson about sanctions on Abramovich, raising the fact that Johnson had last week promised punishment for the Russian. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘Roman Abramovich is the owner of Chelsea Football Club and various other high-value assets in the United Kingdom,’ said Starmer.‘He’s a person of interest to the Home Office because of his links to the Russian state and his public association with corrupt activity and practices.‘Last week, the Prime Minister said that Abramovich is facing sanctions, he later corrected the record to say he isn’t. Well, why on earth isn’t he?’. Johnson, though, said it was ‘not appropriate’ to discuss individual cases and he insisted the government will be going further in the coming days to impose sanctions. ‘It’s not appropriate for me to comment on individual cases at this stage,’ said Johnson.‘But what I can say is that I stand Mr Speaker by what in the House and what we’ve put on the record. But be in no doubt about the actions we have taken – that this House have already taken – are taking an effect in Moscow by exposing the ownership of properties of companies that we are, by sanctioning 275 individuals already and a further 100 last week. ‘The impact is being felt. We will publish in addition a full list of all those associated with the Putin regime. ‘Of course we have already announced sanctions on Putin himself and I can tell the House – they would have heard what the President of the United States had to say last night – the vice is tightening on the Putin regime and it will continue to tighten.’ Abramovich denies links with Putin and reports on Tuesday claimed the Russian was leading peace talks between Russia and Ukraine in Belarus. He is, however, said to be fearful of sanctions and has set a £4m asking price to sell Chelsea. On Tuesday evening, Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss claimed that he, along with three others, has received a proposal to buy Chelsea from Abramovich. ‘Abramovich is one of Putin’s closest advisers and friends. Like all other oligarchs, he is also in a state of panic,’ the 85-year-old, who is worth an estimated $5.8bn, told Swiss newspaper Blick. ‘Abramovich is trying to sell all his properties in England. He also wants to get rid of Chelsea quickly. I and three other people received an offer on Tuesday to buy Chelsea from Abramovich.’ Asked if he will take up Abramovich on his offer, Wyss replied: ‘I have to wait four or five days now. Abramovich is currently asking far too much. ‘You know Chelsea owe him £2billion? But Chelsea has no money, which means that whoever buys Chelsea has to compensate Abramovich. ‘As of today, we don’t know the exact selling price. ‘I can well imagine starting at Chelsea with partners, but I have to examine the general conditions first. But what I can say for sure is that I’m definitely not doing something like this alone. If I buy Chelsea, then it would be with a consortium consisting of six or seven investors.’ MORE : Huge cheers and standing ovation for Ukrainian ambassador in House of Commons For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 