The children of legendary sportsman Shane Warne have shared their shock and devastation after the Australian cricketer’s sudden death last week at the age of 52. The spin-bowler was found dead in his villa in Thailand on Friday, with an autopsy this week confirming he died of natural causes. Following his death, his family has issued a lengthy statement with individual tributes from his three children, Brooke, Jackson, and Summer, as well as ex-wife Simone Callahan, his parents Keith and Brigette, and brother Jason. Warne’s eldest daughter Brooke, 24, insisted the news ‘doesn’t feel real’, but added she’ll ‘cherish’ the pair’s final memories together. She wrote in the statement issued on Monday: ‘Dad, this doesn’t feel real and doesn’t make sense that you are not here with us anymore. It doesn’t feel right, you were taken away too soon and life is so cruel. I will forever cherish our final memories together laughing and joking around with each other. ‘We were happy. We were so similar in so many ways and I always used to joke that I got your genes and about how much that annoyed me!! ‘Well now I couldn’t be happier and prouder that I have your genes. I am lucky and will forever be so proud to call you my Dad forever. I love you to infinity and back and I will miss you forever.’ The sporting icon’s son Jackson, 23, shared a statement to his ‘brother, best friend and dad’. He went on: ‘I love you so much. I don’t think anything is ever going to fill the void you have left in my heart. Sitting at the poker table, walking around the golf course, watching the Saints and eating pizza is never going to be the same. ‘But I know all you ever wanted for me is to be happy, no matter what. You just wanted me to be happy, that’s it. So that’s what I’m going to do, try and be happy. ‘I am going to miss you so much Dad and you were truly the best father and mate anyone could’ve asked for. I love you so much Dad, see you soon.’ Meanwhile, Warne’s youngest daughter Summer, 20, said he ‘hadn’t died’, he’d just ‘moved to a different place’, adding: ‘Dad, I miss you so much already. I wish I could’ve hugged you tighter in what I didn’t know were my final moments with you. ‘And your final breaths were only moments away. I wish I could’ve told you that everything was going to be okay and hold your hand. You are the best Dad someone could ever ask for. ‘Our time was robbed. I want more holidays with you, more laughs where your smile lights up the whole room, more “goodnight I love you SJ, I’ll see you in the morning”, more talks about how our days were and just to feel safe when you would hug me and you would let me know how proud you are of me and how much you love me…’ Warne’s parents also released a statement, with dad Keith and mum Brigette calling their son’s death a ‘never-ending nightmare’ and ‘a tragedy we will never come to terms with’. They went on: ‘To find words to adequately express our sadness is an impossible task for us and looking to a future without Shane is inconceivable, hopefully the mountain of happy memories we all have will help us cope with our ongoing grief.’ The pundit’s brother Jason remembered his brother as an amazing guy who lived an amazing life, saying: ‘The world has lost someone extremely special to them, who has made a positive influence on their lives and it is incredibly touching to see the outflow of emotion and the amazing tributes to him by friends, teammates, opponents and media. ‘Personally, I have lost my nemesis in all sports as a child, the person who smeared vegemite under my nose while he pinned me down giving me the typewriter, my big brother, my mate. ‘Life will forever have a massive hole in it. I will miss our fierce competition on the golf course, poker table and the sledging, seeing who could put the other on tilt first.’ Meanwhile, Warne’s ex-wife and mother of his children, Simone, shared: ‘Who bring a light so great to the world that even after they have gone the light remains.’ Tributes continue to come in for the sportsman, including from ex Liz Hurley over the weekend, after he died of a suspected heart attack at a villa on the island of Koh Samui in Thailand last week. On Monday deputy national police spokesman Kissana Phathanacharoen confirmed his cause of death, saying in a statement:‘Today investigators received the autopsy result, in which the medical opinion is that the cause of death is natural. ‘Investigators will summarise the autopsy result for prosecutors within the timeframe of the law.’ MORE : Susanna Reid pays heartfelt tribute to ‘legendary cricketer’ Shane Warne on Good Morning Britain: ‘He was a great friend of Piers Morgan’ MORE : Piers Morgan ‘choked up’ watching Shane Warne tribute and calls for posthumous knighthood after legendary cricketer’s death aged 52 Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.