Ben Foden’s wife Jackie Belanoff has hit back at the suggestion he’s a ‘slimy cheater’ and insists he wouldn’t be unfaithful to her. The Dancing On Ice star infamously cheated on first wife, The Saturdays singer Una Healy, leading to the end of their marriage in 2018. A year later, he married American socialite Jackie in New York and they welcomed daughter Farrah in May 2020. Ben is also father to two children he shares with Una – daughter Aoife, 10, and son Tadhg, seven. Despite his past behaviour, Jackie trusts Ben not to step outside of their marriage. She told The Sun in a joint interview with the rugby star: ‘People perceive Ben as some slimy, habitual cheater and it’s really not who he is. I don’t think Ben could possibly cheat on me. ‘Everyone’s like, “He cheated on this beautiful, famous pop star — of course he could cheat on you”. But that’s just not the dynamic we have.’ According to Jackie, the couple have the passwords to each other’s phones and tablets, and also track each other’s whereabouts on Find My Friends. As a sign of the full disclosure in their relationship, she added that Ben shows her topless photos women send him on social media. ‘We have a very honest and open relationship. We don’t lead separate lives. It’s frustrating that Ben’s cheating is brought up constantly,’ she said. Ben is alleged to have had a romance with a PR assistant in 2015, which was eventually discovered by Una after she went through his phone. However, Jackie has defended her spouse saying that he was ‘depressed and it was a moment of emotional escape at a time when he felt his marriage was already over’. She added: ‘Was it wrong? Yes. But do I understand why he did it? Yes. Do I think he would make the same mistake again, even if our relationship doesn’t work out? No.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ben Affleck beams with pride as girlfriend Jennifer Lopez is crowned icon at iHeartRadio Awards 2022 MORE : Eamonn Holmes ‘delighted’ to be pulled over by police on way into work 