A 13-year-old boy was driving the pickup truck that struck a van and killed nine people, including six college students and a their golf coach, in a fiery collision on Tuesday. The pickup truck had crossed into the opposite lane on a two-lane West Texas highway before colliding head-on with a University of Southwest van, National Transportation Safety Board Vice Chairman Bruce Landsberg said on Thursday. It’s unclear how fast the two vehicles were traveling, but according to Landsberg, it was ‘clearly a high speed collision.’ The left front tire of the truck was a spare, which blew and sent the truck into the northbound lane where it collided head-on with the van, officials said. In Texas, children must be 14-years-old to start taking courses for a learner’s permit, and 15 to receive the provisional license needed to drive with an instructor or licensed adult in the vehicle. The 13-year-old driver in the crash would be breaking the law, authorities said. Passengers in the van were members of University of Southwest’s men’s and women’s golf teams and their coach. Six students, as well as their 26-year-old coach, died in the fiery crash. The Texas Department of Public Safety identified the deceased as: Golf coach Tyler James, 26, of Hobbs, New Mexico; and players Mauricio Sanchez, 19, of Mexico; Travis Garcia, 19, of Pleasanton, Texas; Jackson Zinn, 22, of Westminster, Colorado; Karisa Raines, 21, of Fort Stockton, Texas; Laci Stone, 18, of Nocona, Texas; and Tiago Sousa, 18, of Portugal. Two Canadian students on the team, Dayton Price, 19 and Hayden Underhill, 20, were hospitalized in critical condition following the collision. Also killed in the crash were Henrich Siemens, 38, of Seminole County, Texas, and an unidentified 13-year-old boy, who authorities say was the one driving the 2007 Dodge 2500 pickup truck. It’s unclear who was driving the university’s van. Golf coach Tyler James and members of the men’s and women’s golf teams were returning home from a tournament in Midland, Texas when the crash occurred. The crash is being investigated by the Texas Highway Patrol with assistance from the National Transportation Safety Board. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page