A couple with a 53-year age gap say joining OnlyFans has ‘spiced’ up their marriage – but many of their friends don’t approve, calling their side gig ‘disgusting’ and ‘wrong’. Gary, 24, and Almeda, 77, from Tennessee, USA, married in 2015 – and claim to have made thousands since their arrival on the X-rated adult site in October 2020. Thanks to OnlyFans, the couple, who own a retail selling business together, have managed to pay off debts, buy a new car, and even plan to get a new house in the next few years. Although lucrative, the career move hasn’t been well-received among some people in their social circle. ‘We’ve always had an excellent, stable marriage, so I wouldn’t say it has “improved” our marriage, but making content for OnlyFans has definitely made our sex life a lot more spicy,’ said Gary. ‘We enjoy getting to always share intimate moments together and also, just being able to share every aspect of our love story together. ‘It was one of our family members who first suggested it to us due to our uniqueness in our relationship and they thought it would be a very big hit.’ He says the response has been ‘mixed’ among their loved ones, with some having much less positive opinions about their foray into adult entertainment. Gary said: ‘But we’ve never let the opinions of what others think of us effect what we do with our life. ‘It’s our life to live, and we’re in full control of it.’ Almeda and Gary married in 2015, just weeks after meeting at her son Robert’s funeral. At the time Gary was just 17 and had recently split up with a 77-year-old, while Almeda was 71. The pair recently celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary and have previously said they have had to cut out toxic people to make their relationship thrive. Gary said: ‘Married life is amazing, we have such amazing chemistry together. ‘We enjoy anything that involves us getting to spend time together no matter what it is. She is my soulmate.’ Almeda added: ‘I’ve always wanted to be a model, so it’s something that I enjoy and it came natural for me. ‘What I enjoy the most is being able to create something special, romantic & intimate with my husband.’ The pair recently thanked their fans in an Instagram post for their support, saying: ‘No matter what you decide to do in life, people are going to have a problem with it, so always do what makes you happy! ‘Our most popular request has probably been fully explicit duo content together.’ Despite disapproval from real-life acquaintances, most of their followers on social media are behind Gary and Almeda’s unique relationship. ‘You guys are great don’t listen to the hate,’ said one fan, while another wrote, ‘I like your content and I just wish I could make content with you.’ There are still some who struggle to get their head around things, however, with one person commenting: ‘I personally don’t get what people see in OnlyFans. However if you like it good luck.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to lower your home’s bills by understanding energy use MORE : Eight bad money habits you might not realise you have – and easy fixes to save