A woman has revealed an insulting exchange she experienced in a gym when a white man made comments about her hair, which she believes were rooted in racism. Christina Abiola, 25, from New Jersey, US, struck up a debate online after uploading a video of a man making the remarks about her hair while she was at the gym. She was approached by the man during her workout, who proceeded to ask questions about her hair. At first, she thought that he was being nice – but the conversation soon turned sour as the man commented that her hair could be used as a ‘good mop’. ‘I was really shocked by his comment,’ Christina says. ‘He saw me the day before and was thinking about saying something to me. I was OK answering his questions, as I get questions like this often. ‘He asked: “I was thinking about this the other day – is that your real hair or is it extensions?” I told him they were extensions and he walked away. ‘After I was done with my warm up, he then asked: “I hope you don’t mind me asking, how long does it take you to do your hair?” – I told him nine hours and he was surprised by this. ‘As I was getting off the treadmill, he turned to me again and said: “You know, I was thinking, your hair could be used as a good mop.”‘ As she didn’t grasp the insult right away, she laughed and walked away. After thinking about the conversation, she realised how offensive the comments were – not just for herself, but for other people who have the same hairstyle. She decided to post the video online, to see how others would interpret the situation. In a clip uploaded to TikTok, which has received 3.4 million views and over 268,200 likes, she shows the man in question while at the gym. ‘I woulda embarrassed the hell outta him,’ one viewer commented [sic]. Another added: ‘I remember this old yt dude said my braids reminded him of an oriental rug…like…what am I supposed to say after that?’ [sic]. ‘Should’ve mopped the floor with him,’ another viewer suggested. However, others didn’t see the issue with the comment, by saying: ‘Oh the humanity, somebody said something mean.’ Christina says: ‘I do believe he was being racist, because I’ve heard him say that someone is the “dumbest white man I have ever met” once before. ‘I don’t know who he was referring to, but the fact he said that rubbed me the wrong way. ‘I know racial confrontation happens to a lot of people and the more people share their experience on social media, the more I can educate someone. ‘I hope my story reaches people who need to know it’s OK to stand up for themselves when they feel offended.’ She later decided to confront the man with her fiancé, Lamar. Christina adds: ‘[At first] he was surprised that I was offended. He asked: “Was it because I asked if they were extensions?” ‘I told him it was because he said my hair could be used as a mop and he instantly said that he didn’t mean it like that. It just seemed like he was trying to excuse his response – not once did he tell me he liked it. ‘After the conversation, he had the nerve to say my fiancé’s hair was like a Brillo pad.’ Christina asked a few people in the gym if they knew the man and they all did – other people had had issues with him in the past. ‘They told me I wasn’t the only person who has complained about him and one of the gym workers told me he said something rude to her before,’ says Christina. ‘I don’t worry about him approaching me again and I think he knows I won’t tolerate his bulls**t.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Rental platform specifically for women plans to expand across the UK MORE : Student ties the knot with university teacher – despite 27-year age gap MORE : Massive baby born at 11lbs 8oz – the same size as a three-month-old