Dion Dublin says Bukayo Saka’s ‘outstanding’ performance against Aston Villa was further proof the Arsenal forward is going to be one of the stars of the Premier League for a ‘very long time’. Saka scored the only goal in Arsenal’s hard-fought win at Villa Park on Saturday as Mikel Arteta’s side moved four points clear of Manchester United in the battle for a top-four finish. England international Saka was a constant threat before his substitution in the 69th minute and found space at the edge of the box to rifle home Arsenal’s first-half winner. ‘Saka is 20-years-old and he looks like he’s been playing the game forever,’ Dublin told BBC’s Match of the Day. ‘I felt for Ashley Young to be fair because he was playing against a young boy who is just doing the right thing at the right time. ‘He knows when to take the player on, to make the right pass, the right cross. His vision is so good and to make decisions like that is really impressive. ‘He performed outstandingly well today. He’s going to be in the Premier League, at the highest level, for a very long time because his attitude is great as well. ‘He will get more and more goals too because Mikel Arteta is the right manager for him.’ Former Aston Villa star Gabby Agbonlahor was also impressed by Saka’s ‘frightening’ display and says even the ‘best left-back in the world’ would not have been able to nullify him on Saturday. He told talkSPORT: ‘Saka looks like a ridiculous threat, even Ashley Young today I said to him after the game, “the best left back in the world wouldn’t have been able to do any better against Saka today”. ‘He was frightening, comes short and running long, his pace, the way he runs so direct, honestly he was outstanding.’ Arsenal’s win was especially important as the Gunners saw their unbeaten record ended by Premier League title contenders Liverpool earlier in the week. Liverpool’s win at the Emirates gave Manchester United, West Ham and Tottenham hope of catching Arsenal but Agbonlahor expects Arteta’s side to secure the final Champions League spot if they continue to play like they did against Villa. ‘Today I’ve seen a side of Arsenal that I’ve not seen for a long time,’ Agbonlahor added. ‘They were so comfortable in the game. ‘Defensively Ben White, Gabriel, [Kieran] Tierney, [Thomas] Partey and [Granit] Xhaka didn’t really leave that centre of the pitch, there was no space for [Emiliano] Buendia or [Philippe] Coutinho to get on the ball. ‘[Ollie] Watkins was isolated and it was a really comfortable afternoon for Arsenal. ‘If they can put in performances like that until the end of the season they will 100 per cent get top four.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 