Kelis’ husband Mike Mora has died at the age of 37, it has been confirmed. The Milkshake singer’s husband revealed he had been diagnosed with stomach cancer in October 2021. On Monday, her management confirmed the photographer had died. They said in a brief statement shared with ET: ‘Sadly, it’s true that Mike Mora has passed away. We would ask all to respect Kelis and her family’s privacy as of right now. Thank you.’ Actor Evan Ross was among the first to pay tribute to Mora, sharing a heartfelt Instagram post with a black and white photo of his late friend. He wrote: ‘We lost a brother Yesterday. We will truly miss you Mike. Thinking of some of the great times we all spent together. ‘You and @naztokio recording me at @dallasaustins studio in atlanta. First time I had ever really recording a record in the studio. You made it feel easy and safe. Everything I saw you do. Was built in passion. I loved connecting again with you.’ He concluded: ‘Hearing about your children and the life you and your wife have built. Im sending all the prayers and love to your family brother. @kelis ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️RIP @mikemorafotos.’ Photographer Brian Bowen Smith said in his own heartbreaking tribute: ‘Saddened to hear the news about our dear friend Mike passing away last night. Working with you was such a pleasure. ‘I loved all of your questions and your passion for your family and photography. Reminds me of me. Sending love to his wife and family. Mike had been sick for a minute but he loved being on set.’ The artist added: ‘Today we will be thinking of you at every frame. Great example of why you need to live every day to the fullest. And be great full for every day your here. Love you MM. way to soon. He was an amazing photographer and would have gone far. Sweetest guy I ever met. check out his page @mikemorafotos.’ Mora and Kelis had been married since 2014 and have a one-year-old daughter and six-year-old son named Shephard. Kelis, 42, also has 12-year-old son Knight with ex-husband Nas. In October, Mora announced he had been diagnosed with stage 4 stomach cancer. The photographer confirmed his health battle in a series of Instagram messages, saying doctors caught it ‘just in time’ after he began experiencing symptoms in 2020. He began to experience ‘the worst pain’ in his stomach shortly after moving to a farm outside of Los Angeles with his family and, after chalking it up to working in the ‘blistering heat’, sat up and noticed when he also lost his appetite and began to feel pain in his back. After ‘finally decid[ing] to do something about it’, doctors soon diagnosed him with the most advanced form of cancer. Noting he was now a year into what experts estimated to be 18 months of treatment, Mora wrote on social media: ‘I thought the whole time that I just had an ulcer. With no idea what was about to come my way. Here I was, in a hospital bed, during the middle of the pandemic. All alone.’ Mora continued: ‘You always see people post about how life is too short. How you should reach out to those you love no matter where life has taken you. It is the truth. Don’t take your time here, your time with friends, family, for granted. S*** can be over just like that!’ ‘I never thought this could happen to me. At just 36, with 3 kiddos, and a wife that loves me. I want to be able to help those that might experience something, maybe, hopefully. By showing that it’s possible to make it through.’ Poignantly, he concluded: ‘The story will continue.’ MORE : Jeremy Kyle viewers condemn ITV over ‘uncomfortable’ Death on Daytime documentary: ‘Hey Ofcom you might want to have a word’ MORE : Scott Hall dead: WWE legend Razor Ramon dies aged 63 after family turn off life support 