British summertime just isn’t the same without a slew of summer festivals that brighten up the drizzly days, and give some excitement to the sunshine season of the year. After the chaos and disappointment of the last two summers due to the pandemic, British partygoers have got their eyes firmly on the prize when it comes to 2022’s festivities. Now, all being well, the summer timetable should return with a fully-fledged calendar of music, and we really can’t wait! We’ve got you covered for the top music events from this coming year, from headbanging-friendly extravaganza that is Download to chart-topping Isle of Wight festival. We’re also touching on some of the best festivals to be held abroad. So what are you waiting for? Don your most impressive sparkly outfit, and hit that dance floor! What’s a summer in the UK without Glastonbury festival? Glastonbury has to be one of the world’s most impressive and amazing festivals. If you were one of the lucky ones who nabbed a ticket for the festival in 2019, it’ll be rolled over to 2022, and know that you’re the envy of well, pretty much everyone. The line up features none other than Billie Eilish, Paul McCartney, Kendrick Lamar, Diana Ross, Olivia Rodrigo and more. Sadly, the event is sold out, but resale launches March 24 for coach tickets with March 27 being for general sale. June 22 – 26, 2022, Worthy Farm, Somerset, glastonburyfestivals.co.uk Camp Bestival is one of the best summer festivals for family groups, and it easily caters to all age groups, so that both the kids and the adults are kept occupied. A new sister event will launch in 2022 in Shropshire, in addition to the usual Dorset festival. The line up won’t disappoint. It’s got hitmakers such as Rag ‘N’ Bone Man, Rudimental, Sister Sledge, Kool and the Gang, Earth Wind and Fire Experience feat. Al McKay, and more (Dorset) / Fatboy Slim, Rag ‘N’ Bone Man, Becky Hill, Example, Mae Muller and more (Shropshire). July 28-31, 2022, Lulworth Castle, Dorset and August 18-21, 2022, Weston Park, Shropshire campbestival.net Reading and Leeds festivals are nothing short of a rite of passage for British festival goers, and they’re two of the biggest events on the UK summer calendar. Acts will include Dave, Arctic Monkeys, Rage Against The Machine, Little Simz, Halsey and more. August 25-28, 2022, Reading, Berkshire / Leeds, West Yorkshire, readingfestival.com / leedsfestival.com If you’re looking for a London-based dance-focussed summer festival, then look no further than Victoria Park’s Field Day. Headlining acts include Kraftwerk, The Chemical Brothers, Cici, Daniel Avery, Eliza Rose, and more. August 20, 2022, Victoria Park, London, fielddayfestivals.com Wireless Festival 2022 is spread across three events and two weekends, with two London venues (Crystal Palace Park and Finsbury Park), as well as one in Birmingham. There’s no denying the festival is back with a bang! The headliners include A$AP Rocky, Dave, Cardi B, SZA, Nicki Minaj and more. It’s not-to-be-missed! July 1-3 and 8-10, 2022, Crystal Palace Park, London (July 1-3), NEC outdoors, Birmingham (July 8-10) and Finsbury Park, London (8-10), wirelessfestival.co.uk End Of The Road festival is a delightful eclectic mix of music, comedy, literature, film and beyond, which focusses on independent rock and folk music. Headliners include the Pixies, Fleet Foxes, Bright Eyes, Khruangbin, The Magnetic Fields, and more! September 1-4, 2022, Larmer Tree Gardens, Wiltshire, endoftheroadfestival.com Download Festival is best-known as the head-banging rocker fest of the UK, and it’s back for 2022. This year’s festival will see headliners KISS, Iron Maiden, Biffy Clyro, A Day To Remember, Deftones, Korn and more June 10-12, 2022, Donington Park, Derby, downloadfestival.co.uk Always among the first major festivals of the season, with a line-up of chart-toppers and legacy favourites is Isle Of Wight. Lewis Capaldi, Lionel Richie, Kasabian, Pete Tong, Muse and more. June 16-19, 2022, Newport, Isle of Wight, isleofwightfestival.com Primavera Sound 2022 celebrates its 20th anniversary edition, and it’s one of the most respected festivals in the world. The festival will spread across two weekends for the first time, with a week’s programming in the interim. Buckle up! It’s set to be a wild ride. The line up is not-to-be sniffed at. Massive Attack, Tame Impala, The Strokes, Tyler, the Creator, Jorja Smith, Gorillaz, Beck, Lorde, Dua Lipa, Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds, Megan Thee Stallion are all headlining. 2-12 June 2022; Barcelona, Spain, primaverasound.com Serbia’s Exit festival is a stalwart of the summer season, and it’s held each year at the beautiful historic Petrovaradin Fortress. This year’s edition is not set to disappoint, and will feature hip-hop, indie, pop and a healthy smattering of EDM. The line up includes Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, Boris Brejcha and more! 7-10 July 2022; Novi Sad, Serbia, exitfest.org MORE : Kanye West all smiles despite Instagram ban as he and mini-me son Saint enjoy basketball game MORE : When is Holi 2022 and why do we celebrate the festival of colours? 