A British man who was on his way to deliver aid to Ukrainian refugees has been forced to cancel his journey after P&O Ferries suspended its service and sacked 800 staff members. Stuart Davison, 53, from Selby, North Yorkshire, spent £800 on return tickets from Hull to Rotterdam. He was then planning to drive to Szydłowiec County, Poland, before handing off supplies for refugees, including food, sanitary products and medicine. But P&O Ferries dramatically suspended all of its services and fired crew members yesterday morning, leaving Mr Davison and other passengers stranded. Union officials pledged to fight the mass sacking, with officials telling staff to stay on board the vessels, as sit-in protests began amid widespread outrage. Footage obtained by BBC News showed staff, some of whom have been pictured leaving Dover, being told over Zoom that their last day of employment would be ‘today’. Mr Davison was due to travel with a friend today but is now looking for alternative arrangements. He said: ‘We set a budget of £1,200 each for the journey but that has gone out of the window now. ‘We are going to need to find another £800 to get to the Eurotunnel and then through France.’ Mr Davison fears he and his friend will not be refunded the £800. P&O Ferries said early on Friday all its ships are ‘unable to run for the next few days’, with services impacted including Dover to Calais, Hull to Rotterdam, Liverpool to Dublin, and from Cairnryan, Scotland, to Larne, Northern Ireland. Despite its ferries being unavailable, the company said ‘where possible we are organising travel via an alternative operator’. ‘Space is very limited so we suggest if your journey is not essential, please do not travel today,’ the company added. P&O instructed travellers at the ports of Dover and Calais to make their way to the check-in booths for Danish firm DFDS. There were no such instructions for those at Hull, Rotterdam, Liverpool, Dublin, Cairnryan or Larne. Travel trade organisation Abta says customers should be informed when an operator expects a departure to be cancelled as soon as possible. If this is on the day of travel, you should be informed no later than 30 minutes after your scheduled time of departure. Abta says a ferry operator should offer an alternative or a refund if a service is cancelled. The operator should offer free accommodation if an overnight stay becomes necessary because of the cancellation. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.