Russian nationals face being barred from entering the UK under a beefed up Nationality and Borders Bill. Home Office minister Baroness Williams said countries that pose ‘a risk to international peace’ are being lined up for harsher visa penalties. In an address to Parliament, the senior Tory said it would send ‘a strong signal’ to Vladimir Putin that he cannot wage a ‘monstrous’ war against Ukraine and still expect ‘business as usual’. Under the new powers, the Home Office will be able to slow down the application process for visas, require people to pay a £190 surcharge, or even suspend granting their entry clearance completely. Lady Williams said: ‘In particular, the government are minded to use these powers in respect of Russia. ‘The ability to suspend the granting of entry clearance for Russian nationals will send a strong signal to the Putin regime that they cannot invade their peaceful neighbour and expect business as usual. ‘Although we do not believe this war was in the name of the Russian people, disadvantaging Russian nationals in this way as part of our wider package of sanctions will contribute to the pressure on the Putin regime.’ Existing border powers are limited to carrying out extra checks on applications where there is deemed to be an immigration risk, the House of Lords heard. Pressed by peers over why visas could not be blocked already, Lady Williams said: ‘Currently, there are limited powers to apply penalties to applications for entry clearance under existing legislation. ‘It might be possible to apply extra checks if a certain nationality is considered to impose an immigration risk, which could lead to a slowing down of visa processing. ‘However, that is far as penalties can reasonably go under current powers.’ Private and commercial Russian planes are now banned from entering Britain’s airspace under new aviation sanctions announced by the Transport Secretary to ‘suffocate Putin’s cronies’. Russian aircrafts that stray into the UK will now be committing a criminal offence and could be seized. In a letter to all airports and airfields in the country, Grant Shapps said: ‘The aviation sector is fundamental to connectivity and international trade we must play our part in restricting Russia’s economic interests and holding the Russian government to account. ‘In these circumstances the Department for Transport does not consider it appropriate for Russian aircraft to enter UK airspace or land at UK airports.’ According to the letter, air traffic control can now issue directions to a pilot or an operator of a Russian plane not to enter the UK, or to leave by a certain route. Mr Shapps added he also has the power to order airport operators to detain a Russian plane or move it to a different airport. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.