Hailey Bieber, who is married to Justin Bieber, has revealed she was hospitalised after having a ‘very small blood clot’ on her brain, but has since been released from hospital and is doing well. The model, 25, took to Instagram to update her followers on her condition, writing: ‘On Thursday morning I was sitting at breakfast with my husband when I started having stroke-like symptoms and was taken to the hospital. ‘They found I had suffered a very small blood clot to my brain, which caused a small lack of oxygen, but my body had passed it on its own and I recovered completely within a few hours.’ She added: ‘Although this was definitely one of the scariest moments I’ve ever been through, I’m home now and doing well, and I’m so grateful and thankful to all the amazing doctors and nurses who took care of me! ‘Thank you to everyone who has reached out with well wishes and concern, and for all the support and love.’ It had earlier been reported that the model was taken to a hospital in the Palm Springs area of California after suffering a ‘medical emergency’. She is said to have suffered symptoms more typically seen among older patients, including a change to the way she was moving. According to TMZ, sources who are supposedly close to the star said that doctors ran a series of tests on Hailey, who is married to singer Justin, 28. The insiders shared that the doctors were trying to ascertain whether there was a link between Hailey’s hospitalisation and Covid-19. She has since been released from hospital and is now doing well, as medical professionals continue to try to get to the root of what caused the incident. Earlier this week, Justin shared a cryptic post on Instagram featuring a picture of himself with Hailey, as he wrote in the caption: ‘Can’t keep this one down,’ alongside a string of praying, pleading and heart-eyed emojis. Hailey shared her post recent post on Instagram a couple of days ago, posting several mirror selfies that she captured of herself while wearing a red crop top and a red and black hat. Last month, Justin was forced to postpone some of his tour dates in the US after testing positive for coronavirus. A statement released from the Sorry singer at the time read: ‘Due to positive Covid results within the Justice Tour family, we will, unfortunately, have to postpone Sunday’s show in Las Vegas. ‘Justin is, of course, hugely disappointed, but the health and safety of his crew and fans is always his number one priority.’ Having launched his tour in San Diego, the statement said that Justin ‘is excited to bring this spectacular show to his Las Vegas fans as soon as possible’. Metro.co.uk has contacted Hailey Bieber’s representatives for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Hailey Bieber turns heads in striking green gym set as she heads to pilates after celebrating husband Justin’s 28th birthday MORE : Justin Bieber and wife Hailey Bieber look sombre at Drake concert after shocking shooting at Hollywood party 