Shane Warne was watching Australia play Test cricket shortly before his tragic death in a villa in Thailand. The former Australia leg-spinner, 52, was found unresponsive on the Thai island of Koh Samui on Friday after suffering a suspected heart attack. The news has shocked the sporting world and tributes have been pouring in for Warne, who took 708 Test wickets – the second most of all time – to establish himself as an all-time great. Warne’s manager James Erskine says Warne was starting a three-month break in Thailand following his work as a broadcaster during the recent Ashes series between Australia and England. Erskine says one of Warne’s friends, Andrew Neophitou, who was also an executive producer on the documentary ‘SHANE’, found the cricket icon unresponsive and attempted to resuscitate him for ‘about 20 minutes’ before an ambulance arrived. ‘I got a phone call at 10.37pm last night from our guy in Melbourne called Andrew Neophitou, who was actually with Shane in Thailand,’ Erskine told Fox Cricket. ‘Shane had sort of decided he was going to have three months off and in fact he wanted a year off, and I said “there’s no way you can have a year off, they would’ve forgotten you by a year!”, so he decided to have three months off. ‘They had only arrived the night before. They were going to go out for a drink at 5pm and (Neophitou) knocked on his door at 5.15pm because Warnie was always on time and said “come on you’re going to be late” and then realised something was wrong. ‘He turned him over and gave him CPR and mouth to mouth, which lasted about 20 minutes and then the ambulance came. ‘They took him to the hospital, which was about a 20-minute drive and I got a phone call about 45 minutes later saying he was pronounced dead.’ Warne’s manager added: ‘It is one of these things that when someone is larger than life you don’t expect them to die. ‘I think that is probably a very good analogy. You don’t expect someone to die at 52. You don’t expect Shane Warne to die because he was an extraordinary human being.’ Warne had been watching the Australia men’s cricket team in action against Pakistan shortly before he passed away, according to the Daily Mail. Australia struggled on day one of the first Test in Rawalpindi – taking just one wicket – and the news of Warne’s death broke around an hour after the close of play. Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison has said the nation is ‘in shock’ at Warne’s death and confirmed he would be given a state funeral. ‘It’s just numbingly shocking to hear about Shane’s passing today,’ Mr Morrison told the 3AW radio station in Melbourne. ‘The whole country would have woken up in shock today, it’s just terrible. ‘He was one of those cricketers who changed the game globally, not just here in Australia. And at such a young age, younger than me. That is a terrible shock to all those who knew and loved him.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 