It’s finally Friday, folks. And we’ve got the horoscopes you need to crush the weekend with maximum confidence and style. Maybe keep that new relationship quiet for a bit longer, Pisces. Don’t get too cosy, Aries. Keep pushing boundaries. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, March 11, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 You may feel like relaxing as the Cancer Moon in your home zone inspires you to cuddle up with a coffee and a book. But friends or family might have other ideas and could drag you to an event that can be quite special. It would be a shame to miss it so don’t get too cosy or you may lose out. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Your feelings could be messy today and you may doubt yourself, which may undermine your ability to see things from a healthier perspective. Don’t be too hard on yourself but also don’t make decisions based on your mood – you could do yourself a disservice. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Resist the urge to go on a spending spree. You may want to splash out to smooth over emotional issues, in which case your purchases could disappoint. Going on a trip or an adventure can leave you feeling better, especially if exercise is involved. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 With so much emotional energy around due to the Moon in your sign and a strong Pisces emphasis, you may feel all at sea. But if you don’t chart the course you want to take this day you could end up being drawn into other people’s projects. If you don’t mind, that’s fine. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 With the Moon in a secluded zone, it’s possible that you could feel a little sorry for yourself. Your mind may be busy replaying incidents that have upset you. Being around others could cure this, especially if they make you laugh. Once you get into a positive vibe, you’ll feel like yourself again. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 In love with your latest project? You won’t mind working when others are out enjoying themselves as you’re already having a good time. With Venus and Mars aligned in a busy sector, this aspect brings a great opportunity to pour your soul into something you enjoy. Follow your heart today. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You’re very aware of what others need to be complete but are less likely to think about your own needs. If there’s something that makes you happy, then go with it and be extra kind to yourself. You may feel guilty but everyone needs to unwind. Your leisure zone is sparkling so now is the time. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 With the Sun in your leisure zone encouraging you to ease off the accelerator and get in touch with your creative and romantic side, now is the perfect time to indulge your hobbies or connect with a loved one. Give your home some tender loving care. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Does someone need a shoulder to cry on? You may be the one for the jobas today’s caring Moon in Cancer could inspire you to sit down with this person and listen. You won’t need to say very much, as just being able to let it all out might be more than enough. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You have opportunities to do some financial planning. Thinking of how you can recycle or make the most of what you have might also increase your funds, allowing you to save for something. If you make this a way of life, your money could go further and you’ll be less stressed. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You may be in demand and this might be down to Venus and Mars walking arm in arm in your sign. Others can find you attractive for all kinds of reasons. The more you showcase your unique qualities, the more you’ll dazzle. It’s an excellent time to unleash the real you. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You may want to keep a new relationship quiet for now. If this is a developing romance then privacy to get to know each other can be crucial to creating a loving bond. You’ll know when it’s time to spill the beans. Listen to your intuition on this and spread the word when you ready. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness