Martin Lewis will give evidence in Parliament about the energy crisis today, after the money saving expert admitted he’s ‘run out of tools’ to help people. People across the UK have seen their energy costs soar, with many concerned about how they’re going to afford the rocketing prices. Speaking on Good Morning Britain, Susanna Reid asked her co-host, Martin: ‘You are actually giving evidence in Parliament, aren’t you?’ ‘Yeah, i’m giving evidence on energy to the business committee,’ he explained. ‘I have 45 minutes sitting with Citizens’ Advice – 45 minutes I’m not sure is long enough for my views on energy, as you’ll probably know from the discussions we’ve had – to try and just put a lot of points out there.’ ‘It’s an absolute nightmare,’ he added. ‘People will see year on year, are likely to see their bills doubled.’ According to Parliament’s website, ‘MPs will question Citizens Advice’s Head of Energy Policy, Gillian Cooper, and Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis about the Government’s support measures for struggling households, and how more help could be provided.’ Martin, 49, has previously seemed at a loss over the rising costs, saying he’s running out of ways to help people. He told BBC’s Sunday Morning: ‘We’re going to have about 10million people in fuel poverty. ‘We have a real, absolute – not relative – poverty issue going to come in the UK, with food banks oversubscribed, and debt crisis agencies do not have any tools. ‘I need to say, as the Money Saving Expert who’s been known for this, I am out of tools to help people now. ‘It’s not something money management can fix, it’s not something that for those on the lowest incomes telling them to cut their belts will work, we need political intervention.’ He even donated £50,000 of his own money to Leeds-based charity Money Buddies, after they admitted they were ‘at breaking point’. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Martin Lewis apologises for ‘stepping over the line’ during interview with Sajid Javid on energy price rises MORE : Cost of living is so high even Martin Lewis has run out of advice  