Karim Benzema urged Kylian Mbappe not to dwell on the pain of PSG’s latest Champions League capitulation after the France international was left dumbfounded following last night’s seismic defeat. The 23-year-old’s dramatic late goal in the first leg had given the runaway Ligue 1 leaders a slim advantage heading into the return fixture, and he appeared to have put the tie beyond Real when he struck again at the Bernabeu six minutes before half-time. Mbappe, who was the subject of a €160million bid from the Spanish champions back in the summer, was powerless, however, to prevent his side from slipping to another astonishing European exit as his international teammate struck three times within the space of 17 frantic second half minutes. ‘Kylian was disappointed after the game, it’s normal – he wanted to shine as always,’ Benzema told RMC Sport. ‘But he’s young, he has enough time to do it.’ Benzema, meanwhile, was at the heart of the game’s most contentious moment when he pressed PSG goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma and forced him into an error which created the opportunity from which he turned the momentum of the game back in Real’s favour. PSG manager Mauricio Pochettino was furious with referee Danny Makkelie for failing to award a foul, telling Canal Plus: ‘Real’s first goal changed the match. ‘I wonder what the VAR is doing because for me there is something else. It’s a shame, when you see the action, there’s a foul. ‘After that, the match changed. For 60 minutes we dominated, that goal changed everything. ‘It’s impossible not to talk about this big mistake made by the referees. It’s hard to accept. It’s incredible that this is happening in 2022.’ Benzema, however, took a different view, telling RMC: ‘No, not at all (no foul). He waits, I press him and he just loses the ball.’ Real manager, Carlo Ancelotti, meanwhile, claimed he had instructed his side to put pressure on Donnarumma, believing he was susceptible to making the type of mistake which handed his team an unlikely route back into the contest. He said: ‘We struggled to get the ball back, but with the high press we had tested out in training, we got the goal and that totally changed the game’ MORE : Leonardo backs Mauricio Pochettino as PSG manager ‘for this season’ after Real Madrid defeat MORE : Mauricio Pochettino admits he cannot explain PSG capitulation against Real Madrid For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 