On March 23 2020, the first set of restrictions on people’s lives were announced, aimed at stopping the spread of Covid-19. It was the country’s first national lockdown and a time where phrases like  ‘social distancing’ and ‘self isolation’ still felt like a novelty. In fact, we hadn’t even heard the words ‘lateral flow test yet’. So innocent, so naive. Three weeks of rules were announced. Three weeks?! Society was united in disbelief that we weren’t allowed to have others in our homes for a whole three. weeks. But, as we all know, those weeks turned into months; and the months into years. Two years in, while things are getting back to ‘normal’, with the majority of restrictions lifted (despite case numbers being at record highs in certain parts of the country) there’s no doubt that the Covid-19 pandemic has changed the lives of many forever. Many have lost loved ones to the virus, and over 1.5 million people are still suffering with the repercussions of Long Covid. And, for a huge percentage of the population, seeing the impact of a global pandemic has changed the way they think about life. It has reminded many of us what is important – or, for some, put it into view for the first time. ‘What we’ve been through has certainly made some people reassess their lives,’ explains psychologist Emmy Kenny. ‘For example, you might feel that family life is ever more important, because you’ve recognised what it would be like to live without them. ‘For two years, we’ve all been traumatised by a fear narrative telling you your family might die. So of course, that’s potentially made us think about how life is limited and finite, and might make us prioritise the people that we genuinely love.’ This prioritisation of family was certainly the case Rachel Murphy, 38, a photographer from the New Forest. Rachel and her husband finally made the decision to move their family from Reading and start again in the New Forest, during the lockdown of January 2021. ‘The pandemic made us realise that life was too short and that we just needed to get on and live our lives,’ Rachel explains. ‘I don’t think we would have done it had it not been for the pandemic,’ she continues. ‘I was reluctant to move away from my family and friends, but the lockdowns made me realise that close physical location wasn’t necessarily what was important. ‘Seeing so many lose their lives made us realise that life really is too short to take it for granted. ‘I think a lot of people’s priorities changed,’ she continues. ‘Ours did, in the sense that we would rather see our children have a better quality of life with more opportunities to spend time outdoors, than stay in an area that was becoming more developed and losing those important outdoor spaces. ‘Being self-employed and having to start again in a new area has been hard, especially in the difficult economic climate that we find ourselves in, but being able to spend time with the kids at the beach or in the forest on a daily basis makes it all worth it.’ As Rachel said, she doesn’t think this move would have happened if it hadn’t been for the pandemic. But times of uncertainty force us to reflect in a way that we’ve never had to do before, when we’re just used to plodding along in our interrupted lives. ‘I’ve found from coaching individuals that people tend to procrastinate constantly and that it takes an almost apocalypse event to make them sit up and take notice of what needs to change,’ says life coach Lynn Anderton. ‘As a nation we’ve not had an event that affected our daily life to such an extent since the second world war, and people get very stuck in their comfort zone. ‘But when this is threatened, it makes people realise that their priorities really do need to be looked at. ‘Most people are on a hamster wheel, any change even bad can create a different way to live which can feel hard at the time but in the long term can be beneficial.’ Leah*, 35, from Glasgow felt that this drastic change to her daily life was what forced her to reassess. She’d been working in a stressful legal job for twelve years, with very little respite. When lockdown happened and she found herself working from home, with a bigger workload than ever, she decided she’d had enough. ‘Until then, I’d just been on complete auto-pilot, a constant state of never ending activity,’ she explains. ‘I didn’t know any better. This was just my life. Late nights in the office, drinks after work, back in the office early the next morning to do it all again.’ When she had some time away from the office, she decided that she wasn’t happy. ‘The disruption to the flow of my life really did make me take a step back. I realised that I wan’t happy and that this wasn’t what I wanted to be doing.’ Leah quit her job, took some time off, before starting to apply for new positions. She now has a part-time role that has seen her take a huge pay cut, but she says  she’s happier than ever. ‘The office culture and my work life balance is a hundred times better,’ she says. ‘I also find that I have a lot more time to focus on my health, an didn’t want to take it for granted, so Ia regularly go cycling, running and swimming – something that I never had time to do before.’ As with Leah, work is one area that, for many of us, has seen the most drastic change. ‘Generally speaking, the key area people are prioritising right now is their working environment due to the strong push for return to office across many industries,’ explains career coach, Debbie Gainsford. ‘Employees don’t want to return to an office that has a toxic culture, one they were unhappy in pre pandemic or one that no longer fits with the lifestyle they’ve created over the past two years. ‘They are taking this opportunity to find an organisation that aligns with their values and both their professional and personal priorities in a more meaningful way. ‘Employees are prioritising their mental health and are looking to work with companies who also prioritise that.’ Luke McMillan, 38 from Surrey decided to take matters into his own hands after his priorities changed drastically during the pandemic. He was working as a marine biologist, running running conservation programmes when Covid hit. ‘The pandemic provided a moment to reflect on my life, and think about what was important to me,’ he says. ‘I decided to start my own company as I wanted to shape my own future. ‘The fact that I was stuck inside the house for most of each day, meant I had no distractions, I could do endless research and could work every day on my new enterprise.’ He came up with the idea of producing biodegradable flip flops and using profits to fight plastic pollution. ‘I am now my own boss, and also I am making a difference in the world,’ he says. ‘Without the wake up call and the time that C ovid gave me, I would never have been in the situation that I am today.​‘ This sense of finding a purpose, or feeling that you’re doing something meaningful has become more important to many. For some, being ill with Covid was what kick started it. Georgina Durrant, 35, is from Cheshire and is an author and tutor for children with Special Educational Needs. ‘The pandemic impacted me in many ways,’ she explains. ‘I was very poorly with pneumonia right at the start/just before the pandemic, which I now think may have been due to Covid. ‘This made me realise I wasn’t as “invincible” as I initially thought. ‘Before the pandemic struck I was a busy, “healthy”, mum of two, looking after my youngest in the day, dropping my eldest off at school, and tutoring on an evening. ‘After becoming unwell, I found it very hard going from doing so much for my kids and working part time to not being able to do very much at all. ‘Small things like walking down the stairs or having a shower were incredibly difficult in my first couple of weeks.’ Geogina was lucky enough to recover but just as she got her stamina back, the schools closed due to lockdown. ‘I’d felt completely useless in the weeks that had preceded, so I decided I wanted to be more useful. ‘I decided to film and share daily free home learning videos for parents of children with Special Educational Needs. ‘As a former SENDCO (special educational Needs and disabilities coordinator) and teacher as well as a tutor for children with Special Educational Needs and disabilities I knew they would be the children probably most impacted by the school closures.’ Georgina’s videos were shared far and wide and she then went on to write a book, 100 Ways Your Child Can Learn Through Play, which was published in June 2021. ‘I feel incredibly grateful for my health, I no longer take it for granted and I want to keep being more ‘useful’ in the world, and continue to create more books and resources for parents and teachers of children with Special Educational Needs.’ For some people, decisions about what matters to them have come in the form of whether or not they want to have children – either doing it faster or holding off – or whether they want to expand their family. Siobhan Maher, 36, from Birmingham, runs a jewellery marketing business and is married with one child. Since the pandemic, she describes letting go of some serious ‘shoulds’. One of these was the feeling that she ‘should’ have a second child. ‘I was ticking along quite happily until the pandemic, when enforced full-time parenting and far too much time with my thoughts unearthed a heap of stresses I’d barely acknowledged before,’ she explains. ‘We’d been experiencing ambivalence about the thought of having a second child, but had decided we’d probably just “do it” at some point because it felt like the “right thing”,’ she says. ‘However, the pandemic threw into doubt that subconscious sense of “one day” that actually means you drift along not doing things – for example,  we’d been planning to return to Istanbul since 2008 but somehow hadn’t got round to it in over a decade. ‘Pausing for breath made us realise how quickly time can pass if you’re not really deliberate about what you want to do and achieve. When the potential is taken away from you, you never want to squander it again.’ ‘I realised starkly during the pandemic what I need to make my own life happy, and it cemented that I wasn’t able or ready to make those things less possible with a second child. It gave me the freedom to admit that, to both myself and others.’ Siobhan has now that she doesn’t want a second child and, instead, her and her husband are making deliberate choices, together, about how they structure our lives and careers. ‘I’m building a business that is far more authentic and exciting that I could have imagined and I’m planning solo trips again without “mum guilt” holding me back.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why our perception of time changes in a crisis MORE : ‘I can’t take my own bra off’: How Long Covid impacts your sex life MORE : Why are women more likely to get Long Covid than men?