A female prison has been slammed by inspectors for a huge delay in getting XL clothing to inmates whose clothes no longer fit them. Inspectors from the Independent Monitoring Board (IMB) blasted HMP Eastwood Park for the huge delay in getting clothing parcels to some inmates, normally sent by their family and friends. The packages often never reached them – either going missing or being stuck in storage for months – leaving some of the women in the 440-capacity jail feeling ’embarrassed’ and ‘stressed’. The report said that 95 prisoners had complained about the distribution of property, with around 20 complaining directly about clothing issues. ‘Of all the applications received by the IMB this year, nearly a third of them – 95 in total – were related to the control and distribution of property within the prison’, inspectors said. ‘The main issues were either property being sent into the prison and not getting to the prisoners, or prisoners’ property stored in the prison which could not be swapped with property held by them. ‘The management of property was extremely poor, with parcels going missing, a nine-month backlog of property swaps and at one period so many parcels backed up in reception that they were transferred to storage in shipping containers. ‘The mental and psychological impact of these issues on prisoners was huge.’ Some women locked in their cells for so long with so little exercise had put on considerable weight but were still not given new, larger clothes sent in by their families. Inmates only got ‘between 30-60 minutes’ out of their rooms, so hardly had any time to exercise. This left them having to choose between exercise or shower. The report added: ‘Not surprisingly, the most frequent applications about living conditions during the year concerned the lack of time out of cells, lack of time to shower and lack of time to exercise.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted HMP Eastwood Park for a comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.