Whoopi Goldberg has called on the British Royal Family to apologise for slavery. The 66-year-old star has blasted Britain’s historic ties to the slave trade and the empire, and she called on the monarchy to issue an apology amid widespread criticism over its past links. Appearing on The View this week, she said: ‘Britain ran ram shod over India for years… Let us not forget, when we talk about what needs to happen, all the folks that need to apologise. ‘Listen, this is not new. I suspect Charles, when he was in Barbados, had some idea because he went on and apologised as he was releasing the hold that Britain has. ‘So perhaps somebody is listening, and it’s the new group of folks – I don’t know if it’s Charles, William, but one of them.’ Her comments come after Prince William described the slave trade as ‘abhorrent’ and expressed ‘profound sorrow’, but he did not directly apologise for the Royal Family’s role in it. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were met with protests when they arrived in Jamaica, which has ‘already started’ the process of removing the Queen as head of state. Members of the country’s Rastafarian community accused the royals of benefiting from ‘blood, tears and sweat’ of Jamaican people. During his speech at a dinner on the fifth day of the couple’s Caribbean tour, William addressed the forced transportation of millions of people from Africa to the Caribbean and North America – a trade British monarchs either supported or profited from during the 17th and 18th centuries. He echoed past speeches by his father Prince Charles as he referred to the slave trade as an ‘appalling atrocity’ that ‘stains our history’. However, the future king didn’t offer a direct apology, in a similar way Charles addressed the issue during a recent trip to Barbados. William said: ‘I strongly agree with my father, the Prince of Wales, who said in Barbados last year that the appalling atrocity of slavery forever stains our history. ‘I want to express my profound sorrow. Slavery was abhorrent. And it should never have happened. While the pain runs deep, Jamaica continues to forge its future with determination, courage and fortitude. ‘The strength and shared sense of purpose of the Jamaican people, represented in your flag and motto, celebrate an invincible spirit.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Vine cuts off Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu in heated Prince William slavery debate: ‘Why should he apologise?’ MORE : Prince William expresses ‘profound sorrow’ over slavery that ‘never should have happened’ 