Kim Kardashian stepped out in yet another bizarre outfit as she headed to a business meeting in New York City on Monday, and we’re wondering how she’s moving her arms. The reality TV star, who has developed a penchant for edgy, impractical-looking clothing, including full-face coverings, wore a figure-hugging black dress with a restrictive looking off-the-shoulder panel that covered much of her torso. The 41-year-old, who accessorised the ensemble with a chunky gold Balenciaga necklace, black sunglasses, and her long ponytail scraped back, appeared to be unable to freely move her arms under the panel. No pain, no gain, right? The mother-of-four, who just recently hosted a dinner for SKIMS – her billion-pound shapewear brand, was snapped heading out of One World Trade Centre after what is believed to have been a meeting in the Vogue offices. Earlier this month, Kim, entered the Balenciaga Autumn/Winter 2022 show during Paris Fashion Week wearing bright yellow branded tape fashioned into a bodysuit. The star, who has gone through a bitter divorce from rapper Kanye West the father of her children North, eight, Saint, six, Chicago, four, and two-year-old Psalm, has been dating 28-year-old Saturday Night Live comedian Pete Davidson since October. Speaking about whether he’ll appear in the family’s new Hulu reality series, she said: ‘I have not filmed with [Pete]. And I’m not opposed to it. It’s just not what he does. ‘But if there was an event happening and he was there, he wouldn’t tell the cameras to get away. I think I might film something really exciting coming, but it wouldn’t be for this season.’ The pair’s romance also seems to be going from strength to strength amidst Kanye’s numerous verbal attacks against them over social media and in interviews. The duo was photographed kissing on Saturday morning at Van Nuys Airport, where Kim had landed in her private jet, according to TMZ. The website posted photos of their passionate kissing session, noting that Pete had driven to pick her up from the plane. According to Entertainment Tonight, Kim is also trying to distance herself from her ex’s rants and drama. ‘Kim is really trying not to focus too much on Kanye or concern herself with his Instagram posts and rants,’ a source told the showbiz site. ‘She’s having a great time with Pete [Davidson] and would really like to distance herself from the Kanye drama and hopes he can move on.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Smitten Kim Kardashian shares kiss with Pete Davidson during airport reunion after whirlwind trip to Miami MORE : Amanda Bynes officially freed from conservatorship after 9 years 