The family of Gabby Petito has filed a lawsuit against Brian Laundrie’s parents, accusing them of knowing their son murdered their 22-year-old daughter and trying to help him flee the country. Gabby’s father, Joseph Petito, and her mother, Nichole Schmidt filed the civil lawsuit against Chris and Roberta Laundrie on March 10, according to court documents obtained by WFLA.com. It’s believed that Gabby died by strangulation at the hands of Laundrie on August 27. The FBI said last month that Laundrie took responsibility for his girlfriend’s death in a journal entry that was found alongside his remains late last year. In the new lawsuit, Gabby’s parents allege that Laundrie had told his parents what happened ‘on or about’ August 28. ‘It is believed, and therefore averred that… Brian Laundrie advised his parents, Christopher Laundrie and Roberta Laundrie, that he had murdered Gabrielle Petito,’  the lawsuit states. ‘On that same date, Christopher Laundrie and Roberta Laundrie spoke with Attorney Steve Bertolino, and sent him a retainer on Sept. 2, 2021.’ The lawsuit also alleges that Laundrie sent text messages back and forth between his phone and Gabby’s after her death ‘in an attempt to hide the fact that she was deceased.’ In the documents, her parents specifically mention a text they believe Laundrie sent to Gabby’s mother on August 27 that referred to her grandfather by his first name, Stan. Her mother had previously said that final message had been a red flag because Gabby never called her grandfather by his first name. The lawsuit also claims that Laundrie sent another text from Gabby’s phone to her mother telling her that there was no service in Yosemite Park ‘in an effort to deceive’ her into believing her daughter was still alive. In the lawsuit, Gabby’s parents also accused the Laundrie parents of planning to help their son leave the US. ‘While Joseph Petito and Nichole Schmidt were desperately searching for information concerning their daughter, Christopher Laundrie and Roberta Laundrie were keeping the whereabouts of Brian Laundrie secret, and it is believe were making arrangements for him to leave the country.’ Petito and Schmidt accuse the Laundrie family of acting ‘with malice or great indifference to the rights of’ Gabby’s family. The family has long claimed that the Laundrie’s were completely unresponsive when Gabby went missing, and even went as far as blocking their phone numbers and social media accounts. ‘Christopher and Roberta Laundrie exhibited extreme and outrageous conduct which constitutes behavior, under the circumstances, which goes beyond all possible bounds of decency and is regarded as shocking, atrocious, and utterly intolerable in a civilized community,’ the lawsuit says. Gabby’s parents are seeking damages of at least $100,000, according to the lawsuit, and claims that they suffered pain and mental anguish as a result of the ‘willfulness and maliciousness’ of the Laundries. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.