Russian officials accused President Joe Biden of aiming ‘personal insults’ at Russian President Vladimir Putin for calling him a ‘war criminal,’ and have gone as far to suggest Biden’s comments were a result of ‘forgetfulness’ and fatigue.’ ‘We hear and see statements that are actually personal insults to President Putin,’ Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters. ‘Given such irritability from Mr Biden, his fatigue and sometimes forgetfulness… fatigue that leads to aggressive statements, we will not make harsh assessments, so as to not cause more aggression,’ Peskov said. Biden strongly condemned Putin’s unprovoked attack on Ukraine this week, calling the Russian leader a ‘war criminal’ and a ‘murderous dictator’ before announcing the US would send $800 million in military aid to Ukraine. ‘Putin is inflicting appalling, appalling devastation and horror on Ukraine, bombing apartment buildings, maternity wards, hospitals. I mean, it’s god-awful,’ Biden said. His latest comments came during a St Patrick’s Day speech on Thursday, just a day after calling Putin a ‘war criminal’ and sparking outrage in Moscow. Secretary of State Antony Blinken on Thursday said he agrees with Biden’s assessment that war crimes are being committed in Ukraine. US officials had avoided the ‘war crimes’ designation until Wednesday. During a press briefing, White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki said that Biden’s comments ‘speak for themselves,’ but that the legal process to determine if war crimes were committed is underway at the State Department. ‘He was speaking from his heart and speaking from what we’ve seen on television, which is barbaric actions by a brutal dictator through his invasion of a foreign country,’ Psaki said. In response on Friday Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov accused the US of acting like a ‘global sheriff,’ later adding that other countries like China, India and Brazil did not want to be ordered around by ‘Uncle Sam.’ His comments come as Russian forces continue to attack cities and towns across Ukraine, largely targeting not only military sites but civilian shelters and hospitals. Since the war began three weeks ago, Russian forces have hit apartment buildings, children’s and maternity hospitals, bread lines and most recently a theater in Mariupol that was sheltering 1,000 Ukrainians. The World Health Organization has verified 43 attacks on hospitals and health facilities, with 12 people killed and 34 injured, WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus told the United Nations Security Council Thursday. About 700 civilians have been killed since Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24, but the United Nations says the number is likely much higher. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page