Ukraine is facing a humanitarian crisis with shortages of food, water, heat and medicine starving cities out. The country has condemned as medieval the tactics being adopted by Russia to batter them into submission. In one of the most desperate cities, the encircled southern port of Mariupol, an estimated 200,000 people — nearly half the population of 430,000 — were hoping to flee. The city is short on water, food and power, and cellphone networks are down. Stores have been looted as residents search for essential goods. Police moved through the city, advising people to remain in shelters until they heard official messages broadcast over loudspeakers to evacuate. Hospitals in Mariupol are facing severe shortages of antibiotics and painkillers, and doctors performed some emergency procedures without them. Soldiers and volunteers in the capital Kyiv, have built hundreds of checkpoints, often using sandbags, stacked tires and spiked cables. The mayor, former heavyweight boxing champion Vitali Klitschko, said: ‘Every house, every street, every checkpoint, we will fight to the death if necessary.’ In Kharkiv, Ukraine’s second-largest city, with 1.4 million people, heavy shelling slammed into apartment buildings. And in the Irpin area, which has been cut off from electricity, water and heat for three days, witnesses saw at least three tanks and said Russian soldiers were seizing houses and cars. A third round of talks between the two sides ended with a top Ukrainian official saying there had been minor, unspecified progress toward establishing safe corridors that would allow civilians to escape the fighting. Russia’s chief negotiator said he expects those corridors to start operating on Tuesday, amid scepticism given the failure of previous attempts to lead civilians to safety. Vladimir Putin’s forces continued to pummel cities with rockets, and fierce fighting raged in places. Ukraine pleaded with the International Court of Justice to order a halt to Russia’s invasion, saying Moscow is committing widespread war crimes. Jonathan Gimblett, a member of Ukraine’s legal team, said Russia ‘is resorting to tactics reminiscent of medieval siege warfare, encircling cities, cutting off escape routes and pounding the civilian population with heavy ordnance’. Corridors intended to let Ukrainian civilians escape the Russian onslaught could open on Tuesday, Kremlin officials said, for civilians from capital Kyiv, second city Kharkiv, the southern port of Mariupol and Sumy. In Mariupol, an estimated 200,000 people – nearly half the population of 430,000 – are hoping to flee. UK Foreign Office minister James Cleverly said the routes set up were ‘nonsense’ because they would only allow refugees to head to Russia and Belarus. He told the BBC: ‘It appears cynical beyond belief. There is a view that Vladimir Putin believed there was a widespread desire of Ukrainians to be closer to Russia, to be more Russian. I think that has been proven to be a complete nonsense by the circumstances we are seeing. ‘Providing evacuation routes into the arms of the country that is currently destroying yours is a nonsense.’ The Ministry of Defence accused Russia of deliberately targeting evacuation corridors, killing civilians. Its intelligence update stated: ‘Ukrainian resistance against a Russian offensive towards Kyiv endures around the nearby towns of Hostomel, Bucha, Vorzel and Irpin. ‘Russia continues to directly target evacuation corridors, resulting in the death of several civilians whilst trying to evacuate Irpin. Due to heavy fighting in the town, it has reportedly been without heat, water or electricity for several days.’ The UN human rights office reported 406 confirmed civilian deaths but said the real number is much higher. The invasion has also sent 1.7 million people fleeing Ukraine. In London, Boris Johnson began a week of intense diplomatic efforts with foreign leaders to build a united front against Putin, hosting Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte at Downing Street. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.