Shane Warne’s ex-girlfriend Emily Scott has shared a photo that appeared to have been sent by the legendary cricketer just hours before he was found unresponsive in his Thai villa. The Australian spin bowler died aged 52 in Koh Samui last Friday from a suspected heart attack, with authorities confirming his autopsy showed he died from natural causes. His body was repatriated to Australia on Thursday night. As Warne’s famous pals and fellow sports stars continue to speak out about the shock of his sudden death, former partner Emily shared a tribute to Warne on her Instagram this week. The pair dated for several months in 2014, before Warne confirmed their split in September of that year. In a post to her stories, DJ and former Playboy model Emily, 39, shared a photo of the view from Warne’s Thai resort, with the timestamp of 1.05pm. Warne was found unresponsive in his room at 5.15pm. The screenshot appeared to be of a photo sent from the cricketer’s suite, which captured the pool and gardens at the hillside resort, looking out to sea, with Warne sharing a shot of the same vista taken the night before his death to his Instagram Stories. He’d written: ‘Good night from @samujanavillas Koh Samui.’ Emily shared a further tribute to her Instagram, writing: ‘We’d play. You were the most fun. Your kids, you were adorable with them. ‘The loss feels too much. You gave the gift of your light, numerous memories, and I’ll always treasure them.’ The world continues to mourn the death of Warne, with fans laying floral tributes at a statue of the sportsman outside the Melbourne Cricket Ground, while the MCG also confirmed a stand would be renamed the SK Warne Stand in his honour. Warne’s former fiancee Elizabeth Hurley also posted a tribute to Warne’s daughters, Summer, 20, and Brooke, 24, on International Women’s Day. She wrote: ‘I love you both so much and have the happiest memories of our times together. Your daddy loved you with all his heart.’ Summer and Brooke, along with their brother Jackson, 23, who were Warne’s children with ex-wife Simone Callahan, posted poignant tributes to their father following his death, with Jackson adding in a message to Instagram: ‘Every day you told me how proud you were of me and I promise to try and keep making you proud.’ MORE : Elizabeth Hurley shares loving message for Shane Warne’s daughter Summer after his tragic death MORE : Shane Warne’s ex-wife Simone Callahan honours ‘eternal love’ to late cricket legend following death aged 52: ‘Taken too soon’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.