Rumour has it that Sir Paul McCartney is going to become a Lord. Casual. As the Beatles icon prepares to mark his 80th birthday, it has been said he’s being considered for a peerage. The incredible honour would recognise his legendary musical career and his contributions to British culture. Sir Paul was first awarded a knighthood by the Queen 25 years ago and, five years ago, it was was upgraded to the even rarer Order of the Companions of Honour. A source told The Sun: ‘Paul is already in an extraordinarily exclusive set of people at the very top of the honours system. ‘There is now quiet talk among officials about how to mark his 80th with something truly special. The idea of offering him the chance to sit as a cross-bencher in the Lords has been mooted.’ They added: ‘He has given incredible service to British culture, so it could be a very fitting tribute and mark of all that he has done for his country.’ The reports come as the musician gears up to headline Glastonbury as the famous festival returns following two years of cancellations due to the pandemic. As well as Sir Paul, Kendrick Lamar was confirmed as a headliner and they will take to the stage this summer. The Hey Jude singer and 34-year-old hip-hop megastar are set to join Friday night headliner Billie Eilish and Diana Ross, who has landed the Sunday afternoon legend’s slot, at Worthy Farm this June. Sir Paul – who last played in 2004 – will top the Pyramid Stage on Saturday, June 25 after the Let It Be hitmaker was due to perform in 2020 before the event was called off. Organiser Emily Eavis told the BBC: ‘When he finally confirmed, we were beyond [excited]. ‘For us, having Paul McCartney is obviously a dream, a huge moment in our history. It means the world getting Paul McCartney to Glastonbury.’ Sir Paul will be seeing in the big 8-0 in style when he plays the world-renowned festival. In true 2022 style, he seemed to confirm his headline slot when he dropped a Wordle clue on social media. Reps for Sir Paul McCartney have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jane Campion apologises for ‘thoughtless comment’ at Critics’ Choice Awards and ‘completely celebrates’ Venus and Serena Williams MORE : Baftas 2022: Rebel Wilson makes dig at Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith affair drama after he misses ceremony in favour of Critics’ Choice Awards 