An 87-year-old woman lay ‘shivering’ on concrete for four hours as she waited for an ambulance. Daughter Zanna Marczenko feared Zhanna Marchenko would ‘die there’ on the ground. The 57-year-old had returned from work on Sunday evening to find her mum at the bottom of their stairwell. She had fallen on the steps and broken a hip. Zanna and a neighbour tried to lift the pensioner, but she was in too much pain to move. She told Metro.co.uk: ‘I tried to keep her warm as she was shaking all over. I took out all the quilts I had at home. ‘I also pushed two-litre Coca Cola bottles with hot water under the quilts. ‘However, mum was still lying on the cold, hard concrete.’ Zanna and Zhanna live in Thornliebank, East Renfrewshire – just six miles from Glasgow’s Queen Elizabeth Hospital. Zanna added: ‘My mum was crying, screaming and terrible confused all the way to the hospital. I was so worried and shocked, that I still cry now when talking about it. ‘It was a horrible experience. I thought my mum would die there waiting for help.’ A spokesperson from the Scottish Ambulance Service has since told Metro.co.uk that a ‘high volume of calls’ and ‘lengthy patient handover times’ had caused the delay. Queues outside hospitals, slow ambulance turnaround times and lengthy waiting periods have all been reported over the winter period. Scottish Labour deputy leader Jackie Baillie – who has previously slammed cuts to ambulance services – urged Scottish Health Secretary Humza Yousaf to take action. She told Metro.co.uk: ‘This is an absolutely horrifying story and my thoughts are with Zhanna Marchenko. ‘Our paramedics do a tremendous job, but day after day, stories like these are more and more common place and Humza Yousaf has turned his back on staff and patients. ‘This has to end.’ Zanna, who moved to Scotland from Ukraine 10 years ago, is also pleading with healthcare chiefs to make changes. She said: ‘This experience clearly shows that most people cannot count on proper help and that they may in fact die or suffer serious damage to their health while waiting for an ambulance. ‘It is unacceptable.’ A Scottish Ambulance Service spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘Due to a high volume of calls that evening and lengthy patient handover times at hospitals, there was unfortunately a longer wait time for an ambulance for this patient. ‘We triage calls to ensure we prioritise the most seriously ill patients and based on the information provided over the phone by the caller, including that the patient was inside the flat, the call was triaged as suitable to be passed to one of our clinicians for further assessment before an ambulance was assigned. ‘We’re sorry for the delay in attending to Mrs Marchenko and hope she is recovering well.’ The Scottish Government said the pandemic had created the most challenging crisis in the 73-year history of the NHS. A spokesperson said: ‘Ambulance services around the UK, as well as the wider NHS, are experiencing unprecedented demand – largely because of COVID-19, but also due to a combination of increasingly complex cases, and exceptionally busy emergency departments. ‘We recognise that, during the pandemic, some patients have experienced longer wait times than normal due to increased demand during peak periods. We are doing everything possible to support the Scottish Ambulance Service, and the wider NHS system, to cope with current pressures and to improve the level of service and response times for the public, and to reduce pressure on the workforce.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.