Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe has finally been able to drop off her daughter on the school run, something she told how she dreamed of doing while locked up in Iran. Images show how she held daughter Gabriella’s hand and carried her lilac backpack on their way to the primary school in north London. Nazanin, 43, was reunited with her family last month after flying back to the UK, nearly six years after she was arrested in Tehran and accused of plotting to overthrow the Iranian government. The British-Iranian project manager for the Thomson Reuters Foundation had taken daughter Gabriella – then not even two years old – to see relatives. She was detained at the airport as she prepared to fly home. After her release, she told a press conference that the school run was ‘something that I will look forward to because I want to get to know her friends and the community better’. She said that there would be ‘a lot of adjustment’ in setting back into everyday life so ‘we will just take it very slowly’. Many claimed she was being used as a political pawn over a longstanding financial dispute over a weapons deal between Britain and Iran, made before the Shah lost power in a revolution. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss confirmed that the Government had settled the £400million debt to Iran, that it had owed since the 1970s. While the British and Iranian governments have claimed there is no connection between the debt and the case, Iranian state media reported in 2021 that unidentified Iranian officials said Nazanin would be freed once the debt was paid. Her husband Richard Ratcliffe had steadfastly campaigned for his wife’s release, going on hunger strike in the months before she was finally able to return. Her release comes after spending four years in jail and then two years more under house arrest, separated from her husband and young daughter. At the notorious Evin prison in the Iranian capital, she spent time in solitary confinement in windowless cells, declared hunger strikes and had medical treatment withheld. Now free, Nazanin has already used her voice to advocate for wildlife conservationist Morad Tahbaz, a British-US national who remains in prison in Iran. He was released temporarily the day charity worker Nazanin and retired civil engineer Anoosheh Ashoori were allowed to go free, but since then has been taken back to prison. Nazanin’s constituency MP Tulip Siddiq, who had campaigned for her release, shared a ‘first family selfie’ showing Nazanin smiling with her husband a daughter. She tweeted: ‘So lovely to have uplifting conversations with Richard and Nazanin today. ‘They are both relentless in their pursuit of justice and raised the plight of Morad Tahbaz with me. ‘Here I was hoping to sleep for a week… Here’s their first family selfie!’ Celebrating her freedom, she previously told how her constituent had endured ‘six years of hell in Iran’. Nazanin told her she had most missed ‘every day moments with her little girl’ – such as baking together, and the school run. She and Gabriella were also pictured making up for lost time by making homemade pizzas together. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.