A drink-driving mother screamed ‘God, why didn’t I put their seatbelts on?’ after killing two of her children in a horrific crash. Mary McCann, 35, sobbed as she was jailed for four years after hitting a Scania HGV on the M1 near Milton Keynes last summer. Sentencing, a judge named the case heartbreaking and said she would carry the cost of what she did for the rest of her life. Her daughter Lilly McCann, 4, died on the roadside after being thrown from the car at around 11.10pm on August 9. Smaller Peter McCann, who was 10 that day, was also killed as he was flung around the backseat and discovered slumped in the footwell. Neither child wore a seatbelt as their mum drove 72mph in a 60 zone between junctions 14 and 15. She had tried to avoid the lorry as her car drifted into lane two – but instead went into it, sending her vehicle spinning. A witness heard McCann shout: ‘God, why didn’t I put their seatbelts on?’ in the smash’s immediate aftermath, Stephen Shay, prosecuting, said. A two-year-old girl who was a third passenger in the car was not badly hurt. Meanwhile lorry driver Simon Denton – who the judge said did nothing wrong – was left with whiplash. McCann, who has two other children, was arrested last September after failing to answer bail following her children’s funerals, Aylesbury Crown Court heard. She was visibly distraught as she appeared via video-link from HMP Bronzefield today. Laban Leake, defending, told the court: ‘She is here to be punished by this court and rightly so, but it must be acknowledged that the true punishment for this offence lives within Mary McCann. ‘It is to that unquenchable wheel of fire that Mary McCann is bound.’ Mr Leake said his client suffered from complex post-traumatic stress disorder. Judge Francis Sheridan said Lilly would ‘not have been ejected’ if she had been strapped in, while ‘Smaller would have remained in his seat’. ‘There is no punishment commensurate with the loss of one’s two children and I accept that’, he said. ‘The message must go out: don’t drive under the influence of alcohol.’ McCann, from Derby, admitted two counts of causing death by careless driving whilst under the influence of drink. She was jailed for 49 months and banned from driving for seven years and two weeks. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.