Happy Easter! People across the UK will be enjoying a long, bank holiday weekend to celebrate the Easter holidays. As we spend this weekend indulging in chocolate eggs and hunting for the Easter bunny, it can be easy to forget that the Easter holidays hold a deep significance to Christians. Why is Easter Sunday special? Many Christians celebrate Easter Sunday as the day of Jesus Christ’s resurrection, as told in the New Testament of the Bible. According to the Gospel of John in the New Testament, Mary Magdalene came to the tomb where Jesus was buried and found it empty. An angel told her that Jesus had risen. Easter Sunday is sometimes known as Resurrection Sunday. The week preceding Easter Sunday is known as the Holy Week, and it contains Maundy Thursday, Good Friday and Holy Saturday. Jesus’s resurrection was on the third day after his crucifixion by the Romans, which took place on what we now call Good Friday. This was discovered on the Sunday after his death, when Mary Magdalene visited his tomb and found that not only had the stone been moved, but that the body of Jesus had gone. Jesus was seen later that day by Mary, and other disciples and for 40 days by many others. The actual word ‘Easter’ does not appear in the Bible, and there aren’t any early church celebrations mentioned. It appears that Easter, like Christmas, developed later in church history. In the UK, and other parts of the world, Easter Sunday is a national bank holiday, and most shops will be closed. Many Christians will go to church for a special Easter sermon. Many Christians and non-Christians exchange Easter eggs, and a lamb roast is common on Easter Sunday, as lambs represent new life and the spring. Many of us are familiar with the chocolate aspect of Easter. Eggs symbolise new life, as Jesus began his new life after his resurrection on Easter Sunday, and cracked eggs are symbolic of an empty tomb. Eating eggs was forbidden during the Holy Week. Instead, they were saved, decorated and gifted to children. It wasn’t until the 19th century that the first chocolate eggs appeared in France and Germany, and this tradition has now carried on. MORE : 20 fun Easter quiz questions and answers MORE : How to recycle your Easter egg packaging Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Share your views in the comments below.