A super smart little girl has become the ultimate backseat driver after teaching herself the Highway Code and giving her parents advice as they drive around. Ariella Procopiou, three, is fascinated by shapes and, when she first saw a road sign, she became hooked. Mum Maria Constantinou, 40, decided to give her a copy of the Highway Code – which she says has become her daughter’s favourite book. Now, little Ariella sits in the back of the car when she is on trips with her family, reciting obscure bylaws to help out her mum and dad Nicholas Procopiou, 41. The precocious youngster is not just a whizz with shapes, either – she’s also learnt the basics of a staggering seven languages. Ariella can string together phrases in French, Chinese, Japanese, Spanish, Italian, Bulgarian and German. Maria, from Cheshunt, Herts., says: ‘She’s got a memory like you wouldn’t believe. If you show her something once she’s memorised it.’ Ariella, who could recognise letters, colours and shapes in English by 18 months old, uses songs and repetition programmes on Youtube to learn, her mum said. Her first words were aubergine, persimmon, hexagon and pentagon, and she knows all the names of the planets in our solar system. Ariella also taught herself to read aged two, putting together the sounds all on her own, and takes a new book a day from the local library. ‘If she doesn’t know what something means she gets so frustrated,’ says Maria. ‘She just keeps finding new things to learn. ‘She loves languages and she can’t go to bed until she’s learned numbers up to 100 and phrases like goodnight, hello, and how are you. ‘She just became fascinated by anything Chinese one day, and she came to find me and started talking in Chinese, so I thought, “right okay, it’s Chinese this week.” She had my phone in her hand with this song that teaches the Chinese colours and she’d learned them all. ‘I held up pieces of coloured paper and she said the colour in Chinese. I told her nursery she loves languages so they taught her Japanese numbers up to 100 on her first day to settle her in. ‘Sometimes she just comes in speaking in a different language she’s learnt from my phone and I don’t know what it is. I know if I sat down with her I could teach any language and she’d learn it just like that.’ Ariella was conceived via IVF after Nick, a barber, and Maria, a childcare worker, spent three years trying. The tot’s talents also extend to doing puzzles of up to 42 pieces all by herself, and her mum has already taught her the times tables. She could also recite her address and her mum’s mobile number from age two, and can repeat an advert from the TV even if she’s heard it only once. Maria adds: ‘She knows things way beyond her years. I’ve always thought she’s like an old soul in a young body, it’s like talking to a 20-year-old, not a three-year-old. ‘I’ve known ever since she was born because she was so quirky, and that’s often the case with gifted children. ‘She was always very attentive and aware, she cried when she couldn’t communicate something, it was such a relief to her when she could speak. ‘Usually parents read to their children at night, but I’m the one with my head on the pillow. She reads everything from story books to leaflets in the doctors’ surgery. She loves the Highway Code – it’s her favourite book.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Man runs one of the UK’s smallest cafes from his 3ft by 6ft Bristol garage MORE : Sex expert shares how to use music in the bedroom MORE : Inside the ‘world’s loneliest home’ on sale for £250,000