Fancy living like royalty? Well, now’s your chance. And it might not cost as much as you might think. A luxurious countryside estate is up for grabs – and it’s cheaper than a one-bed flat in London. Located upon the French border of Haute-Marne and Haute-Saone in the picturesque village of Melay, this impressive property is perfect for a rural escape, with a healthy dose of luxury. Inside, there are 12 bedrooms, nine bathrooms, an open-plan living and dining area, a bespoke kitchen and a spacious landscaped garden, which comes complete with a private swimming pool. Unlike in London, space won’t be an issue. The estate boasts 4,223 sq ft, original features such as rustic window frames, high ceilings, wood burners and a spiral staircase. Outside, there’s a spacious driveway which can accommodate multiple cars and leads to the back of the property – perfect for hosting Bridgerton-esque soirees. French doors open to reveal the countryside-themed patio, which features an outdoor seating area and private bar. Inside, the cosy foyer includes a character fireplace and is placed across from the dining area, which can host plenty of guests for breakfast. Think mimosas and Instagram-worthy platters of fruit. Nine of the bedrooms have an en suite bathroom with spacious showers and large windows that offer a perfect countryside backdrop. Built in 1644, this historic chateau is being sold as a bed and breakfast, with the five guest rooms usually booked throughout the season. The property can also be rented out for weddings, artist weeks or even company trips, providing a further stream of income. As the ground floor features a private living area, you can soak up the beautiful forests and farmlands which encompass the estate all year round. Situated five hours away from Calais and only three from Luxembourg, the chateau is the perfect ‘layover’ destination for those with a travel bug. Listing agent Jan Ido said: ‘Chateau Melay is a home away from home located in the lovely village of Melay. ‘It works equally well as a B&B, is well appointed, maintained and has many original features. ‘It’s very much possible that you’ll fall in love with this stunning and forgotten little piece of France.’ Chateau Melay is currently listed with Leggett for €299,000 (£251,594). Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your daily horoscope for Tuesday, April 5, 2022 MORE : Easy mood-boosting meals to make when you feel low MORE : Woman uses rags as reusable loo paper for a more sustainable life