Property worth nearly £100 million has been seized from a Russian sportsman considered to be one of the worst F1 drivers of the 21st century. Nikita Mazepin and his oligarch father Dmitry have faced sanctions because of their links to Putin. The Mazepin family was added to the European Union’s list of sanctioned Russians in early March in response to the country’s violent assault on Ukraine. Dmitry Mazepin is the chairman of UralKali, an enormous state-owned fertiliser company, and was called for a one-to-meeting with Putin on the day the invasion began. UralKali were previously title sponsor of American-owned F1 team Haas, who also employed his son Nikita as a driver for the 2021 season, until both contracts were abruptly cancelled ahead of the 2022 campaign once the invasion had begun. Haas replaced the fired Mazepin with former driver Kevin Magnussen as they tried to distance themselves from the 22-year-old and his controversial family. Now, Italian police sources say that a villa in Sardinia, owned by the family and known as Rocky Ram, has been targeted by investigators. In the past weeks, the Italian government is understood to have seize almost one billion euros worth of property from wealthy Russians with links to the Kremlin. Among them is a superyacht worth over half-a-billion owned by fertiliser and coal magnate Andrey Igorevich Melnichenko, which was impounded in the port of Trieste. Mazepin’s Formula 1 seat was essentially paid for by his father — he would not have been deemed good enough for a promotion to F1 had it not been for the massive cash injection he brought it to Haas, which had tumbled towards the back of the grid after joining the sport in 2016. The 22-year-old endured an embarrassing rookie season in Formula 1 in 2021, spending the majority of the campaign well off the pace of the rest of the field, spinning out frequently. He also caused dangerous situations for rivals by failing to move out of the way quickly enough under blue flags. Russia has been rendered a sporting and cultural pariah since Putin launched his assault. FIFA and UEFA have banned Russian teams from taking part in football competitions including the World Cup, and the Formula 1 Grand Prix scheduled for September in Sochi was cancelled, while Russia was also told it cannot participate in this year’s Eurovision Song Contest. Red Bull have ‘two or three issues’ in F1 title fight with Ferrari, not just reliability Toto Wolff makes Mercedes’ F1 title chances estimation after Australian GP For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 