Thursday means the weekend is only a Friday away, and the stars can help you get there in style. Keep down-to-earth, Aries. And stay practical, Sagittarius. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for today, April 21, 2022. Read on for your star sign’s forecast. March 21 to April 20 The Moon in ambitious Capricorn and the emphasis on the grounded sign of Taurus can assist you in keeping a down-to-earth focus. With Mars continuing its journey through Pisces, you may be getting frustrated with the slow pace of events or with nothing happening at all. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Have some great ideas brewing? You’ll be keen to get moving. Today’s Capricorn Moon can assist you in choosing what to focus on and what to miss out. The Sun newly in your sign encourages you to think about your brightest dreams. Avoid watering them down. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 With key planets in Pisces and a high-flying zone, you may have plans but little control over how they come together. And this could be frustrating for someone who thrives on fast-paced events and the cut and thrust of everyday life. Matters will proceed at their own pace. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 You do best when you ask others for help or when you cooperate with them. Teaming up can bring some brilliant ideas into the mix that you might not have considered otherwise. But you’ll also be seeking fresh inspiration, and for this you’ll be ready to look further afield. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Does your daily routine support your goals? If not, you’ll find that just makinga few tweaks could see you moving ahead in leaps and bounds. Activities that you’ve taken for granted might be holding you back so an honest review of your habits may assist you more than you know. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 A keen determination to forge a new path may already be showing results. Your patience is being rewarded and the more you stick with your consistent and steady approach, the better for you. Any difficulties you do experience can be down to people and their moods and whims. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 While the Sun in your sector of desire can make you acutely aware of what you want or need to feel happy, you might delay going after it. Why would this be? It’s not so much that you can’t be bothered but more that you’ll have to battle so many distractions. This is a time to say no more often. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Your creative abilities are truly at a peak, with the coming weeks just perfect for honing your skills to get better results. This is a time when you can get some truly beautiful results that will inspire others. Perhaps they’ll have a go themselves or be ready to buy from you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Practical considerations might inspire you to dive into those chores that keep your life ticking over and make it much more comfortable. Household tasks, admin and other key activities may be a bore but don’t shirk them. Still, there could be a temptation to settle into a good novel. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 The Moon in your sign and its tie with the Sun in Capricorn suggests the day could get off to a positive start as your head and heart are in harmony. You know what you need to do and can put your best foot forward without feeling conflicted in any way. You’ll be a good listener too. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Your finances may be more of a priority, with Mars and Venus now in your money zone. Thinking of working from home and allowing your entrepreneurial side out to play? The coming weeks might find you researching the possibilities around this and coming to some interesting conclusions. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Let your imagination soar, especially if there are bare spaces in your home or office that could benefit from some creative input. Are you a gifted artist? If so, enjoy the chance to showcase your work. When it comes to liaising with others, a blend of sensitivity and practicality can help close a deal. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness