Hugh Grant has reportedly launched a new phone-hacking claim against The Sun newspaper. The actor, 61, previously brought a case against the News of the World accusing it of phone-hacking in the 2000s; the case was settled in 2012. Now Grant is apparently launching a fresh claim against the Sun, which, like the defunct News of the World, is owned by Rupert Murdoch’s News UK. The Sun have always denied any illegality took place at their company, and News of the World was closed in 2011 following the scandals. According to The Guardian, Grant is launching a ‘Sun-only’ claim, alleging that phone-hacking took place at the outlet in the 2000s, when current chief executive of News UK, Rebekah Brooks, was editor. The reported fresh claim comes after a number of celebrities settled phone-hacking claims against News Group Newspapers, including actress Sienna Miller, who settled her claim against The Sun publishers last year. She claimed that the newspaper used ‘illegal means’ to find out about her pregnancy, which the publisher denies. It was noted at the High Court that there has been no admission or finding of any wrongdoing on behalf of the Sun or any of those named. A number of other celebrities have reportedly launched claims against News UK relating to allegations of historic phone-hacking, including Spice Girl Mel B, Atomic Kitten’s Liz McClarnon and actress Kate Winslet. News UK has always insisted the only illegal activity in its outlets took place at News of the World. Metro.co.uk has reached out to The Sun and reps for Hugh for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sienna Miller feels ‘fully vindicated’ after settling phone hacking claims for ‘substantial damages’ MORE : Doctor Who: Hugh Grant addresses rumours he’ll take over from Jodie Whittaker as 14th Doctor 