Travel restrictions in Greece will be scrapped from next week, just in time for summer. As of May 2, the Mediterranean nation will revert back to pre-pandemic style arrangements for those looking to enter the country. People no longer need to show proof of vaccination to board flights, and test requirements won’t be required. Last month, Greece also dropped the need for a passenger locator form. Restrictions will be eased in time for summer, when it is hoped holidaymakers will return in their masses. Tourism accounts for 25% of Greece’s economic output and is vital for the country’s economy. Minister of Health Thanos Plevris said in a statement: ‘According to the epidemiological data and the suggestions of the experts, we are announcing the roadmap for the de-escalation of the measures against the Covid-19 pandemic. ‘All measures will be reviewed on September 1, depending on the picture of the pandemic.’ Tourism chiefs and hospitality bosses are hopeful travellers will return in full force. Andreas Andreadis, who runs luxury resorts in Greece, told the Guardian: ‘All omens look positive. ‘For a few weeks after the start of the war in Ukraine demand dropped but since the end of March it has picked up and is now excellent.’ Currently, travellers coming into Greece by plane are subject to random testing upon arrival. If someone tests positive, then they face a five-day quarantine. While all travel restrictions are to be axed by May, Greece still has a handful of measures in place to contain the spread of coronavirus. Face masks still have to be worn indoors and – until August – there is still a cap on the number of people who are allowed inside restaurants, shops and sport venues. Greece recorded 8,413 positive coronavirus cases in the last 48 hours, the National Public Health Organization (EODY) said on Monday. They noted 66 deaths during the same period, which brings the overall number of pandemic victims to 28,933. Of those who died with the virus, 95% had an underlying condition, or were 70-years-old or over. Switzerland is also lifting travel restrictions next month. Like Greece, people no longer need to show proof of vaccination or do any Covid tests. The Government says they are reverting to ‘the usual rules for entering Switzerland’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.