Becoming a mum is a life changing experience. There is a whole new person in your life that must be cared for and this completely changes the dynamic of your existence. Now, women are sharing the most unexpected aspects of motherhood, from the great bits to the not so good parts. A new survey of UK mums by One4all Gift Cards found that one of the biggest revelations was just how much you could love another, with a joyful 69% saying they have fallen in love with motherhood. Nearly half (48%) said they have never felt more carefree and cared less about what others think, while 43% said dull days are a thing of the past as their little ones make them laugh and brighten up each day. Meanwhile, 41% said dressing up is no longer part of their lives as they now worry about their kids’ wardrobes more than their own. When mums were asked how it makes them feel to be a mum, a heartwarming 39% said it brings them the most joy and happiness. Thankfully, for any expectant first time mums, a huge 80% found motherhood wasn’t as hard they expected it to be. Despite this, the mums surveyed were still honest about the highs and lows of being a parent. More than 1 in 5 (44%) mums admitted to having a ‘secret cry’ in the car, with another 37% saying they had an emotional moment in the shower. The food shop is also a time to let emotions run free as some honest mums admitted to a cry in the aisles. Nevertheless, most of the time there is delight, as 43% said being a mum gives them purpose in life and 36% noted that they have never felt more wanted or loved in life as they do now. When looking at the top ten list of most unexpected outcomes of motherhood, it’s clear that life does change.  48% admitted to having less free time and 43% said they had to quickly learn how to function on less sleep. However, the mum bond is strong between friends, as nearly a quarter (23%) of UK mothers found true friendships with other mums who support them on their parent journey. Joining the mum club has also created a supportive network for many, 23% said their new friendships with other mums has helped them through their motherhood journey, while 16% revealed how helpful other mums are in sharing information and details with each other. Other relationships have also benefited. More than one in five (21%) admitted their relationship with their own mum and partner have strengthened. ‘Being a mum is the most rewarding job in the world, but it is true what they say, that no one can ever fully prepare you for the true ups and the downs which come with it,’ says TV and radio presenter and mum of two Jenny Powell. ‘The journey itself is an emotional rollercoaster, but any unexpected tears or tantrums – whether mine or my daughters – are worth it every step of the way, and it’s remarkable to see so many mums finding new inner confidence and recognising the brilliant job they are doing. ‘Being a mum to a 21 and 13 year old, I’m now enjoying a new stage of motherhood as my youngest enters her teenage years and my eldest is embarking on life as a young adult. It’s a joy to watch them grow, and I’m looking forward to all of the new unexpected joys of motherhood which I still have to come.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mums transforms her Portsmouth home with fairytale interior inspired by her kids’ dreams MORE : Mum of eight is now pregnant with her own grandchild MORE : ‘I want mum!’ How to cope when your child has a favourite parent… and it’s not you