Gary Player has backed embattled golfer Phil Mickelson in light of the American’s links with a breakaway Saudi tour. Mickelson, a six-time major champion, is taking a break from golf after being heavily criticised for his role in leading a group of players to join a Super Golf League earlier this year. However, Player – who won nine majors between 1961 and 1978 – believes Mickelson has paid the price for his misguidedness and should be allowed to move on with career. He said: ‘I think we live in a time now when we are such a judgmental society, a litigious society, a critical society, where people get crucified. ‘The greatest PR man on the golf tour in the last five or X amount of years has been Phil Mickelson. He has been the ideal man for a sponsor, for professional golf, for the public, the way he’s handled the public, with dignity and with love. ‘And he makes a mistake, which every one of you in this room have made a damn mistake. We all have. And he said he’s sorry. But even the Lord God will forgive you of your inequities if you ask for forgiveness. ‘I phoned him. I said, ‘Hold your head up high’. You’ve made a mistake. Everybody makes a mistake. And he should go on with his life. It’s amazing. From the epitome of perfection, he’s down there being crucified. It’s not right. That’s my opinion. He said terrible things, but we all make mistakes.’ Since winning the PGA Championship last year, Mickelson’s popularity has fallen like a stone and many sponsors have cut ties with the American following a phone conversation he took with golf writer Alan Shipnuck. In an excerpt to be released in a new book next month, Mickelson describes the Saudis as ‘scary mother****ers’ to get involved with and suggested his support for the breakaway league was to force the PGA Tour’s hand to give more money to players. Last month, following the revelations, he issued an apology via his management team where wished to put the issue behind him. He said: ‘Although it doesn’t look this way now given my recent comments, my actions throughout this process have always been with the best interest of golf, my peers, sponsors, and fans. ‘There is the problem of off-record comments being shared out of context and without my consent, but the bigger issue is that I used words I sincerely regret that do not reflect my true feelings or intentions. ‘It was reckless, I offended people, and I am deeply sorry for my choice of words. I’m beyond disappointed and will make every effort to self-reflect from this.’ For the first time since 1994, Mickelson is not playing at this year’s Masters as he seeks time away from the limelight. MORE : Butch Harmon explains why return of Tiger Woods will help Rory McIlroy MORE : Tiger Woods confirms he is ready to make his comeback at The Masters For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 