Today’s Full Moon is in Libra, which could shake things up a little. Old feelings might be once again brought to the surface, making some of the signs feel a little emotional. Lunar influences might also inspire you to explore new opportunities. So it’s all happening today! Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for today, April 16, 2022. Read on for your star sign’s forecast. March 21 to April 20 Today’s Full Moon in your sector of relating emphasizes your feelings, especially those that have been pushed under the carpet. Dazzling aspects can encourage you to talk things over, and find a way to make peace. A restless tie later in the day could encourage you to purchase on impulse. It might seem vital that you get it right away, but it may lose its sparkle fast, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 A powerful lunar phase today occurs in your wellness zone, and could spotlight a habit that you have been meaning to give up for a while. If it’s about relinquishing a certain food and substituting it for something healthier, this can be a good time to make that commitment. With determination to persist, the old ways may soon disappear, and you’ll likely feel much better for it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 With a bubbly influence on the cards, leisure and social events, such as a celebration, outing or other occasion, can be exciting. Feelings may be very much to the fore though, which could lead to squabbles over awkward matters. There is the potential for laughter and romance too Gemini, which might take the edge off more involved issues, and act as a pleasant restorative. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 A potent Full Moon in your domestic zone puts the spotlight on the home environment, and might see you seeking some quiet time in which to unwind. Will this be possible? If there are any family dramas brewing, chances are they could come to a head today. A heart-to-heart concerning such matters can help diffuse tensions, and allow you and others to feel better. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Feelings can fluctuate, so extra care may be needed when discussing delicate issues, Leo. You might discover that you’re far more emotional about a matter than you thought, and this could show in your conversation about it, and the decisions you make. It’s possible you may overreact, especially if someone challenges you. And yet once the air is clear, it can all be forgotten. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Emotional issues could be the reason you feel like going on a spending spree, as powerful energies can trigger sensitive feelings around such matters, Virgo. Are you happy with the way things are going? If not, this may be the time to acknowledge any key issues, and to consider what you want to do about them. A talk with someone you trust might leave you much more positive. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 The Full Moon in your sign might mean you’re more emotional over the next day or so, which can influence your relationships. This could lead to spur-of-the-moment decisions, whether linked to an ongoing bond or a new romance. Your feelings may be very changeable and quite unreliable, so if you do have some key decisions to make, wait until you feel calmer and at peace. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Today’s lunation can inspire you to take some time out for yourself, to relax and recharge, Scorpio. It takes place in a secluded zone, so you might find yourself naturally withdrawing from life a few minutes at a time to reflect and recharge. Even so, Mercury’s tie to Uranus hints at unexpected requests or some disappointment. Be prepared for disruption to your plans too. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Lunar influences can stir up your social sector, adding a feel-good energy to the day, especially if you’re ready to enjoy yourself. Attending an event? It could be a boisterous occasion Archer, but one you’ll relish. Emotions might fluctuate though, so think carefully about taking a relationship further if you’re reacting to the mood of the moment. A slower pace may help avoid any regrets. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 A Full Moon in your sector of personal goals, can inspire you to make your feelings known. If this encourages useful discussion and leaves you more at ease, then so much the better. But this is also an opportunity to stand out from the crowd, and doing so in a way that attracts others who share your views. Is a project coming to an end? Enjoy the sense of accomplishment you’ll feel. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 The present lunar phase in your sector of adventure, can coincide with a surge of emotion that pushes you to explore a new opportunity. You may wonder if you have what it takes regarding a challenge or a leap of faith, but other influences suggest you are more than equipped to have a go and succeed. A developing bond could become much closer, which can boost morale, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Feelings may run deep Pisces, and leave you a tad overwhelmed. Whatever is bothering you, put some simple steps into action to take the edge off it. If a matter needs your attention, don’t leave it too long, as it could gain momentum. At the same time, you can be a tad outspoken, as a lively aspect might encourage you to say it like it is. At least others will know where they stand. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness