AJ Odudu felt that she had to jump through ‘many more hoops’ than her white peers during her career as a TV presenter. Following her Strictly Come Dancing success, it was predicted that the 34-year-old host would go on to big things, and she’s already landed a series of major presenting gigs, including the Bafta red carpet event which took place last month. However, AJ told Women’s Health that she felt the need to work twice as hard as a Black woman on TV. Gracing the front cover of the May issue in a baby pink leotard, she said: ‘Even if you don’t get told (that you need to work harder to get half as far as white peers), you feel it.’ She added: ‘The opportunities you get and the things that you do, you know in your heart of hearts that you’ve had to jump through many more hoops than your counterparts.’ Despite feeling the overwhelming pressure, The Big Breakfast star revealed how proud she was to have ‘waded’ through it. AJ made a huge impact during her time on the Strictly dance floor alongside Kai Widdrington, and made it all the way to the live finals. But fans were gutted when she was forced to pull out of the series after she tore a ligament in her right ankle. Her nasty injury also affected her place in this year’s nationwide tour, which resulted in EastEnders actress Masie Smith taking her place. AJ consistently impressed the judges with her routines, but her absence meant the final went ahead with just two celebrity contestants – actress and eventual winner Rose Ayling-Ellis and Great British Bake Off star John Whaite. When asked about how she felt about missing the final, she said: ‘I don’t know how to describe what it feels like to have a broken heart, and that’s what it feels like.’ Read the full feature online Womenshealthmag.com. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Better Call Saul’s Bob Odenkirk brands constantly driven lifestyle ‘gross’ after heart attack MORE : Denise Welch celebrates 10 years of sobriety with before and after photos: ‘The best decision I ever made’ 