One moment the toddlers were playing, happy and completely fine – and the next moment they had fallen completely unresponsive. That is how the parents of Evelyn Anderton, now 3, and Rumi Siret, now 2, discovered their children had serious and rare heart conditions. Evelyn’s mum Emma told Metro.co.uk the day her daughter fell ill was a ‘very normal day’ in September 2020 when she was nearly 18 months old. ‘She’d gone to nursery, she was eating normally, playing normally, everything was fine,’ said the 40-year-old from Leicestershire. ‘We picked her up about 5.30pm and within 10 minutes of her being home I knew there was something seriously wrong. ‘She’d gone limp and floppy, her eyes were rolling back. I didn’t know what to do. I’d never been in this situation. ‘I phoned 999. The paramedics arrived and said they didn’t think there was much wrong with her. ‘They checked her vital signs and everything was alright, but because of her young age they took her into hospital by ambulance.’ When they arrived at Leicester Royal Infirmary, Evelyn was put straight on heart monitoring and within two minutes her heart had shot up to 280 beats per minute. ‘I was now in a room on my own, not knowing what was happening – it felt like the longest time of my life, being away from my daughter,’ said Emma, who had to be alone due to Covid-19 restrictions. ‘I was just there with my thoughts. The doctor came in and said we don’t know much at the moment but we think it’s something to do with her heart.’ Drugs to settle the rhythm and pace of Evelyn’s heart were thankfully successful but she was quickly transferred to Leicester Glenfield, a heart specialist hospital, for medical investigation and she was immediately placed in the paediatric intensive care unit. Emma, who conceived Evelyn through IVF and lost a twin during the pregnancy, added: ‘I was asked if there had been any incidents of sudden infant death in the family. ‘Horrific questions that broke me. ‘I was praying that everything was going to be alright for her. But we still didn’t know.’ After more tests Evelyn was diagnosed with Brugada syndrome and had an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD) fitted – a device which shocks the heart back into a regular rhythm if the heart goes into sudden cardiac arrest – after a major operation. In the nine months which followed, Evelyn’s device shocked her 11 times – proving how life-saving it is. Emma, who is married to John, 55, said: ‘Because of her genetic condition we’re not going to be having any more children, she is the most special kid in the world. ‘She has touched many hearts. My hopes for Evelyn are that she leads a happy and normal life and that her condition won’t affect her. ‘But there will be some limitations as she gets older, we’ll need to protect her with her device. ‘I love Evelyn dearly. She is the best thing that has ever happened to me. She means the world to me and we need to make sure she stays safe and healthy.’ It was a similar case with Rumi, who suddenly became unresponsive at the age of 20 months in January last year. ‘About 10 minutes before it happened Rumi was fine – she was playing in her pyjamas and dressing up shoes and was perfectly happy,’ her mum Kelly, 29, told Metro.co.uk. ‘I have a video of her doing that, then she got on the other end of her sofa on her tummy and at that time her dad came to the door and I went to let him in. ‘When I came back she was making this strange snoring noise… almost like she was pretending to be asleep. It sounded a little strange but I didn’t really think anything of it.’ But when Kelly’s husband Jac, 29, came in and pretended to be a dinosaur and his daughter didn’t respond, they knew there was something wrong. ‘I told Jac to check her and he picked her up and she was just lifeless, floppy, grey and cold,’ said the mum of six, who lives in Oxfordshire. ‘He didn’t know what to do and was in complete shock and shouting at her to wake up I got up off the sofa and screamed and Jac put her in my arms. ‘I was telling myself to calm down and I thought at first she might be choking. But then I realised she wasn’t.’ After she dialled 999, the call handler talked Kelly through chest compressions and she started CPR on Rumi, which continued for around 10 or 15 minutes until paramedics arrived. They took Rumi straight into an ambulance, shocked her with a defibrillator then took her straight to the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford. Her parents also had difficulties seeing her due to Covid-19 restrictions. Kelly, who was heavily pregnant while this was happening, added: ‘She had been put into an induced coma and was on a ventilator and was attached to lots of wires. ‘They had explained that they had restarted her heart but they didn’t have any answers yet as to what had caused her cardiac arrest.’ They were terrified she would have brain damage after being starved of oxygen – but as soon as she woke up two days later she shouted ‘mummy’. She underwent more tests and 18 days after her cardiac arrest she was transferred to Southampton Hospital to have an ICD implanted. The surgery went well, and she was later diagnosed with Long QT syndrome, which is a very rare genetic condition although neither Jac nor Kelly carry the gene. Kelly had a tough pregnancy with Rumi where doctors detected a heart problem through a scan – but they thought the issue had resolved itself before birth, and Rumi appeared totally healthy. Kelly, who gave birth to son Jaxon around six weeks after Rumi was discharged from hospital, said: ‘Psychologically it has affected us of course. ‘I did struggle a bit after Jaxon was born, because I was terrified something was going to happen to him. Rumi sleeps in my room now with Jaxon in case anything happens. ‘At one point I was so anxious would even take her with me when I went to the toilet. ‘I’ve come a long way and don’t do that anymore, and I’m managing it, but the experience has definitely affected me – which I think is only natural. ‘But my children get me through everything, and they are amazing and cope with it really well.’ She added Rumi is ‘absolutely bossing her life and her milestones, and every day she makes progress’. To highlight what the families have gone through over the last couple of years, the British Heart Foundation celebrated Rumi and Evelyn at its annual Heart Hero Awards, which Metro.co.uk is the media partner of for this year. Kelly was awarded a CPR Heart Hero Award 2021 for saving Rumi’s life, and Evelyn was given a Young Hero Hero Award last year for helping raise £4,000 for the charity. READ MORE: Aspiring doctor, 18, saved his dad’s life with CPR after he suddenly collapsed Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.