Boris Johnson and Volodymyr Zelensky dined on roast beef during the Prime Minister’s surprise trip to Kyiv on Saturday. Mr Johnson made a secret journey by car, helicopter, military plane and train for the five-hour visit, becoming the first leader of a G7 nation to travel to the Ukrainian capital since Vladimir Putin’s invasion. The two leaders had a private one-hour meeting followed by a 30-minute walk together to Independence Square. They have struck up a close relationship and speak almost every day since the war began on February 24. Read more: The two words Volodymyr Zelensky said to his wife as war erupted in Ukraine ‘On arrival in Kyiv, the PM and President Zelensky met for an hour – this was a meeting just with the two of them, a Number 10 spokeswoman said. The pair then enjoyed a full bilateral meeting over dinner, where the menu included a starter of goats’ cheese salad and chicken soup. Their roast beef main course was followed by cherry dumplings for dessert. Mr Johnson was accompanied by a ‘very small delegation’, the spokeswoman confirmed. ‘I believe it was one member of his private office and then security. ‘In terms of the entirety of the visit, he left on Friday evening and he travelled overnight, and he arrived back in the UK on the Sunday morning,’ she said. The trip had been planned for ‘several weeks’ but a final decision was made on the day of travel, following advice from security officials. Mr Johnson told President Zelensky ‘the Ukrainian people are a lion and you are its roar’ during the trip, which Downing Street described as a ‘show of solidarity’. He pledged the UK, along with other nations, would provide the equipment, technology, know-how and intelligence to prevent Ukraine from being invaded again. The Ukrainian premier said Mr Johnson would ‘go down in history forever’ after meeting him in Kyiv. In an address to the nation, he said: ‘The leadership of the United Kingdom, in providing our country with all the necessary assistance in terms of defence, as well as leadership in sanctions policy, will go down in history forever.’ The Prime Minister was also presented with a ceramic cockerel, which has become a famous symbol of resistance in Ukraine. He is understood to have taken the gift back to his country residence, Chequers, where he is having ‘a bit of a break’ to ‘get some rest and spend time with family,’ Downing Street said. Mr Johnson will continue to take part in meetings and receive updates, particularly on Ukraine. The war-torn nation is bracing for a major imminent Russian attack that could destroy the east, Ukraine’s defence ministry said on Monday – as Mr Zelensky warned the coming days would be crucial. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.