A woman received an ‘extortionate’ £150 fine for throwing two small crusts from a sandwich to pigeons in Manchester city centre. Hazel Kirby’s punishment was triple the fine paid by Boris Johnson for breaching Covid lockdown restrictions at a Downing Street birthday party. She said it was ‘disproportionate’ to the current minimum £100 penalty for a speeding offence in the UK. Hazel, from Bolton, Greater Manchester, was given the fixed penalty notice in Piccadilly Gardens for a ‘littering offence’ under Section 87 of the Environmental Act 1990. She’d travelled into the city on March 31 for a hair and podiatry appointment and thought she’d share the crusts of her M&S sandwich with the birds. ‘I just chucked it across and a pigeon swooped in and took it. It was there for a matter of seconds and as far as I am concerned, there was no littering. ‘I went over to dispose of the wrapping in a bin and a woman from the council called me back. ‘She was very careful to not tell me what the fine would be until she took my details.’ ‘When she told me how much it was, I heard the voice of a man behind me telling me to tell her to go away, in colourful language.’ Hazel, 61, said she has paid up, because she knew it could go up to a maximum of £2,5000 or she could go to court if she delayed for too long. But the fine rose from £120 to £150 because she didn’t pay within 10 days as she left home the following day to visit a friend down south who had just lost her husband. Hazel added: ‘Is it fair to say that the council is being overzealous? It just seems easy money to me to stop and fine someone for giving a pigeon a few crumbs of bread. ‘This whole episode has made me think, do I really want to go back into Manchester ever again? ‘I dropped a crust to a bird – it is not the crime of the century. I do not drop litter and am a responsible citizen.’ Hazel said she walked around Piccadilly Gardens after the incident but could see no warning signs over littering and feeding pigeons. In a subsequent email, environmental enforcement company 3GS told her there were 11 signs around the area. It told her that feeding pigeons in ‘most cities’ was a problem and can encourage pests and vermin into an areas. Feeding birds, it added, also carries ‘both nuisance and health implications’. Hazel was fined in the same spot as an Indian student who’d fed a piece of his tortilla wrap to a ‘hungry looking’ pigeon. A Manchester City Council spokesperson said: ‘We know that people want to see a clean city centre which is why we make no apology for continuing to crackdown on littering. ‘We have dedicated officers in the city who won’t hesitate to take action against any person found dropping litter, no matter what type of litter it is, and anyone who is caught can expect a fixed penalty notice. ‘There are more than 700 bins across the city so there is no excuse for dropping litter.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.