The world is on a ‘fast track’ to climate disaster and more than 3°C of global heating, the UN Secretary General has warned. Antonio Guterres slammed world leaders for ‘broken promises’ in the latest dire warning about the state of the planet. His intervention comes as the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) published the third part of its six landmark reports, widely considered to be the benchmark for climate science. Mr Guterres branded the findings a ‘file of shame’ and said: ‘We are on a pathway to global warming of more than double the 1.5°C limit agreed in Paris.’ The report urges a ‘now or never’ effort to make sure the environment remains ‘liveable’, in a final warning to Governments worldwide. During an IPCC press conference on Tuesday, the UN chief continued: ‘The jury has reached a verdict and it is damning. ‘This report… is a litany of broken climate promises. ‘It is a file of shame, cataloguing the empty pledges that put us firmly on track towards an unliveable world.’ The latest report finds that based on policies implemented up to the end of 2020, the world faces temperature rises of 3.2°C by 2100, and warming of 2.8°C even if all the climate action pledges for the next decade are actually delivered on. Emissions have to peak before 2025 to limit warming to 1.5°C or 2°C, it adds. Mr Guterres continued: ‘We are on a fast track to climate disaster: Major cities under water, unprecedented heatwaves, terrifying storms, widespread water shortages, the extinction of a million species of plants and animals. ‘This is not fiction or exaggeration. It is what science tells us will result from our current energy policies. ‘Some government and business leaders are saying one thing – but doing another. ‘Simply put, they are lying and the results will be catastrophic.’ Presenting the IPCC’s findings, Jim Skea, the co-chair of Working Group III that helped draft the report, said it was prepared by 278 authors from 65 countries, who reviewed more than 18,000 scientific papers. It also considered close to 60,000 individual comments from governments and experts, the scientist added. The report warns that meeting globally-agreed goals to limit temperature rises to 1.5C or below 2C requires deep and immediate greenhouse gas emissions cuts in all areas. ‘Now, the reality is that greenhouse gases emissions which are causing global warming are at their highest levels in human history’, Mr Skea explained. ‘So we are definitely not on track to limit warming to 1.5°C. ‘It’s now or never, if we want to limit global warming to 1.5°C. Without immediate and deep emissions reductions across all sectors, it will be impossible.’ The report says the world is well off track to make the necessary emissions cuts, with pollution continuing to rise and temperatures soaring and already at dangerous levels. It adds that there is more private and public money flowing into fossil fuels than into climate action. But the report does detail ways to combat the issue. It calls for emissions to be cut by switching to increasingly cheap renewables and fuels such as hydrogen, as well as better energy efficiency, capturing carbon and planting trees. The report also highlights how ordinary people can be encouraged to make green choices in eating more plant-based diets, efficiently heating their homes, walking and cycling, and how cities can be made greener, more walkable and healthier. It points out that the costs of solar and batteries needed for electric vehicles have plunged by 85% in the last decade and their deployment has rocketed, while wind power has fallen by 55% in price. Some countries have also brought in effective laws and policies that have led to falls in emissions, the experts note. They found that the economic benefits of cutting emissions exceed the cost of the action needed, while suggesting trillions of dollars of coal, oil and gas assets could become ‘stranded’ as the world takes action to limit global warming. But climate activist Greta Thunberg did not share the signs of optimism, tweeting: ‘When reading the new IPCC report, keep in mind that science is cautious and this has been watered down by nations in negotiations. ‘Many seem more focused on giving false hope to those causing the problem rather than telling the blunt truth that would give us a chance to act.’ A meeting to agree the 63-page summary – approved in a line-by-line process involving representatives of 195 countries – overran by more than two days as delegates wrangled over the text, which is now deemed to have been approved by governments. The latest study follows two previous instalments of the overarching sixth assessment report, the first of its kind since 2014 – with the first setting out a ‘code red’ warning on what humans are doing to the planet. IPCC chairman Hoesung Lee said: ‘We are at a crossroads. The decisions we make now can secure a liveable future. ‘We have the tools and know-how required to limit warming.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Vital climate research in jeopardy thanks to Putin’s invasion of Ukraine