A man has been charged an eye-watering £40,000 for a single day’s worth of electricity after a smart meter error. Paul Davies, 46, says he was told smart meters are ‘never wrong’ when he contacted energy supplier EDF. Mr Davies, from Scunthorpe, described the ‘nightmare’ dealing with EDF, which said his direct debit charge would surge to £400 because of the readings. The supplier has blamed the blunder on a software issue, according to the Grimsby Telegraph. But just days earlier the same problem happened to another EDF customer, grandad Peter Chambers, who was told he owed more than £42,000 for a single day’s power. Mr Davies, who carefully monitors his energy usage, criticised the attitude of call centre staff after he raised the issue. ‘Their attitude on the phone was a massive problem. ‘They kept telling me the amount was right and that I must’ve used that much. ‘At one point they told me a smart meter is never wrong. ‘How the hell does one person use £40,000 worth of electric in one day? It was as if my meter was paying for the whole street. ‘It was only because I kept talking to them that I got the problem sorted, otherwise it may have persisted.’ Mr Davies has now turned his smart meter off to prevent anymore faulty readings. He fears the outcome could have been worse for someone more vulnerable receiving a mammoth bill. ‘Somebody who is a bit older or maybe buries their head in the sand when a bill comes through could have had a heart attack, or worse, killed themselves,’ he added. ‘Everything is going up these days, but this is not what you need.’ Mr Davies spoke out as Britain remains burdened by the worst cost-of-living crisis in decades, forcing people to choose between heating and eating. Record rises in household bills were introduced at the start of April with costs soaring faster than wages, leaving millions struggling. Metro.co.uk has reached out to EDF for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.