Current students and graduates across the country could soon be stung by a huge spike in student loan interest rates. Experts say anyone who has taken a student loan out in England and Wales since 2012 should brace themselves for a ‘rollercoaster ride’ when it comes to interest. Due to current IFS inflation rates, the maximum interest rate on loans – paid by those earning £49,130 or more – will rise from current rates of 4.5% to an eye-watering 12% for half a year. And anyone earning less could still see a rise from 1.5% to 9% – so experts have shared a few things to note. Jessica Pinkett, head of youth insights at Student Beans, says the 12% rise is alarming, considering their previous research found 79% of students are already worried about loan repayments. She says: ‘While this is expected to dip in March 2023, the leap from 4.5% to 12% for higher-earning graduates with a balance of £50,000, for example, will see an extra £3,750 to pay in interest from the six-month hike. ‘Additionally, lower to mid-earning graduates will see interest on repayments rise from 1.5% to 9%. While these numbers are scary for the short period, interest will fall again in March 2023 and is expected to sit at around 7%, according to the IFS. ‘But, unfortunately, those on the current repayment plan are expected to experience turbulent interest changes over the next three years, ranging from 0% to just over 8% as predicted by the IFS. ‘The concern with this is that current higher-earning graduates, or those with significant savings, will be more inclined to try and repay student loans as quickly as possible, which will, unfortunately, have no benefit for them.’ Sue Cade has two children currently at university, in their second and third year, and is deeply worried for their financial futures. ‘In my opinion they shouldn’t have paid full fees for their underwhelming online tuition (both doing practical courses that for a long time lacked the practical element),’ Sue tells Metro.co.uk. ‘Both will be in massive debt after they finish, even more so with this indefensible spike. They don’t know the reality yet, they don’t understand what’s coming. ‘On top of that, due to me being self-employed and Student Finance unable to advise on what figures they needed – even my accountant couldn’t work out what the form was asking for – both children were overpaid for their maintenance loans. ‘I have now had to bail them out to make up for the shortfall – a cost so far of £3,800. I am a single parent, I earn a reasonable income but that knocked me for six. ‘In truth, the whole system is disorganised, unfair and remains biased towards those from wealthy backgrounds who either don’t care about huge loans because they will get huge salaries and pay the loan off – or whose parents will simply pay the loan for them. The rest will be paying for longer and, of course, paying more.’ Rachel Harte, head of financial planning at Claro Money, agrees that more should be done to stop this from happening to students and graduates. She says: ‘The student loans system is poorly understood, however, currently loan interest is based on the retail price index which has soared due to the cost of living crisis. ‘The interest rate surge doesn’t reflect the rate the government borrows money at – therefore, it should consider stepping in to prevent a surge in the cost of student loan repayments for anyone that has graduated in the past 10 years. ‘Research shows that a third of under 30s earning £40,000 per annum or more are currently spending more than they earn – showing that those on higher incomes aren’t immune to the pitfalls of poor financial planning, and the current cost of living crisis.’ Jessica also fears that this announcement is likely to deter some students from entering higher education. ‘With finances being the biggest concern for over half of UK students (55%), it’s important for those in this position to become educated on what the changes really mean for them as individuals and to make decisions accordingly,’ she adds. ‘Current and prospective students should also note that while the change in interest will affect the amount they repay overall – and therefore the length of repayment – it won’t affect the amount paid each month, as this will only ever be a percentage of the individual’s salary over the threshold.’ Essentially, the interest hike means that you’ll be paying back the money for longer – rather than more every month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Five expert tips to save money on your food shop MORE : All the things that are costing us more money from this April MORE : Nearly a third of single Brits want a partner just to save money