Could this be the first picture of Russia’s top warship sinking after being ‘hit by Ukrainian missiles’? The Moskva, a Black Sea missile cruiser, was a huge force in controlling Vladimir Putin’s naval front and striking port cities like Odesa and Mariupol. It hit the headlines when a Ukrainian soldier was famously filmed saying ‘go f*** yourself, Russian warship’ as its crew threatened to shell Snake Island before capturing the unit. But Russian morale was seemingly left in tatters when it was destroyed on Wednesday night, seven weeks into the war. The Kremlin has said the flagship sank on stormy seas after a fire caused by exploding ammunition – but Ukraine says it brought down the ship with two Neptune missiles. There are reports an image of a ship in trouble shows the last moments of the Moskva. Black smoke is seen pouring from the vessel, while all the lifeboats on the aft port side are seen to have been deployed. A source told Russian media VHCK-OGPU that the cruiser sank shortly after these pictures were taken. This would mean a statement from the Russian government that it sank under tow back to the port Sevastopol area is false. The images appear to show a calm sea – which would also be contrary to official Kremlin reports claiming there was a storm or rough seas. If genuine, the new snap is likely to have been taken from a nearby ship. A Turkish ship was rumoured to have rescued 54 men. There is speculation hundreds may have died onboard amid a virtual news blackout. But Russia released an undated video yesterday claiming to show more than 100 crew members. The new images appear ‘consistent with an anti-ship missile strike’, said independent open-source analysts questioned by authoritative The Maritime Executive. ‘It appears to show two holes amidships at the waterline, just below the stacks on the port side’, they said. ‘Significant fire damage is visible above decks, and the ship has a pronounced list to port. ‘Black smoke marks at multiple hull penetrations near the main deck level are consistent with an internal fire running aft of the site of impact, according to analysts.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.