Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker’s public displays of affection show no signs of slowing down as they looked as loved-up as ever on an outing this week. The pair, who are due to tie the knot soon, were all smiles as they were pictured holding hands as they stepped out in Los Angeles on Thursday. Dressed in super casual gear their looks were in stark contrast to their glamorous turns rubbing shoulders with the Hollywood elite at the Oscar after-parties on Sunday. Kourtney, 42, had worn a stunning, vintage Dolce & Gabbana strapless dress and Blink-182 drummer Travis, 46, looked dapper in a Maison Margiela tailored suit for the Vanity Fair event at the Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts in Beverly Hills. In Contrast, this week, mother-of-three Kourtney was pictured in a distressed-looking black sweatshirt, khaki cargo pants and trainers and sunglasses. Her fiance Travis, had a similar look in a matching black hoodie, but with studs and shades and black trousers with worn-out black shoes. While Kourtney has previously shied away from showing affection publicly with her exes, it’s been an entirely different story with her and Travis. On the weekend, the pair first arrived at The Dolby Theatre’s red carpet for the Academy Awards ceremony where they engaged in their usual public display of affection, kissing each other and snuggling up together in front of the cameras. The PDA continued throughout the evening when they attended the Vanity Fair after-party, where Travis, who performed at the Oscars ceremony, grabbed Kourtney’s bum on the red carpet. The duo, who got engaged in October, with Travis going all-out with a seriously  romantic proposal, is set to give fans a behind the scenes look into their lives on the upcoming new Hulu reality series The Kardashians, which will air on April 14. In a trailer from the show, footage shows the pair at the doctor, exploring ways to have a baby together. ‘Travis and I want to have a baby,’ Kourtney is heard saying. Kourtney has three children with her ex, Scott Disick, Mason, 12, Penelope, nine, and Reign, seven. Travis has two children with his ex, Shanna Moakler, Landon, 18, and Alabama, 16. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Chris Pine says getting ‘crack machine’ iPhone stopped him reading – but he can tell us ‘everything about Pete Davidson and Kim Kardashian’ MORE : Daniel Radcliffe jokes he was ‘intimacy coach’ for The Lost City co-stars Sandra Bullock and Channing Tatum during raunchy scenes 