A Conservative MP has been found guilty of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old boy and expelled from the party. Imran Ahmad Khan, 48, was convicted at Southwark Crown Court over the attack at a house in Staffordshire in 2008, when he is said to have forced his victim to drink gin and watch pornography. The boy said he wasn’t ‘taken very seriously’ when he made the allegation to the Tory Party press office days before Khan was elected as the MP for Wakefield, West Yorkshire, in the December 2019 general election. The Court heard how Khan forced the teenager to drink gin and tonic, dragged him upstairs, pushed him onto a bed and asked him to watch porn before the attack. Now 29, the victim told a jury he was left feeling ‘scared, vulnerable, numb, shocked and surprised’ after Khan touched his feet and legs. He said the future MP came within ‘a hair’s breadth’ of his privates, as he went to sleep in a top bunkbed. The boy ran to his parents and a police report was made at the time, but no further action was taken because the youngster did not want to make a formal complaint. Following the verdict, the Tory party said the MP, who currently remains as an independent in Wakefield, had been expelled from the party with immediate effect. Khan, then 34, claimed he was trying to be ‘kind’ and ‘helpful’, but the teenager became upset and ‘bolted’ when the topic of pornography was raised. The MP, who is gay and a Muslim, claims he only touched the Catholic teenager’s elbow when he ‘became extremely upset’ after a conversation about his confused sexuality. But days after Khan was elected as a new ‘red wall’ MP, his victim made a complaint to police about the incident. He told jurors the events ‘all came flooding back’ when he learned Khan was standing in the vote. Khan, who was sent a questionnaire by Staffordshire Police rather than being interviewed under caution at a station because of ‘Covid protocols in place at the time’, denied sexual assault. The Tory hopeful had quite literally been parachuted into the constituency in a skydiving stunt after he was selected weeks before the election. Already suspended by the Conservative Party, Khan was found guilty by a jury on Monday after around five hours of deliberations. If he is handed a prison sentence of more than a year, he will be thrown out of the House of Commons. Khan could also be subject to a petition to oust him in the recall process. Labour called for him to immediately resignation following the verdict. A party spokesman said: ‘Imran Ahmad Khan should immediately resign so a by-election can take place and the people of Wakefield can get the representation they deserve.’ Khan made no comment as he left court but a member of his legal team said hewould be appealing. Judge Mr Justice Baker said he would sentence Khan at a later date, which he did not specify. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Judges throw out Met Police appeal against ruling on Sarah Everard vigil