A British man is fighting for his life after crashing his scooter into a parked car in Bali. Mark Lee, 42, suffered a bleed to the brain and other serious injuries when he collided with the car’s door as it opened into his path. Doctors believe the only reason Mark, who lives and works on the island as an artist, survived the crash was because he was wearing a helmet. Mark, who is originally from south Wales, had been heading home from his art studio in Ubud on Saturday when the collision took place. Since the devasting crash, he has undergone surgery to relieve the pressure on his brain and is expected to require further operations on a broken hand. Mark’s sister-in-law Colleen said, despite the serious injuries, he is making progress and no longer requires the help of a ventilator to breathe. ‘He was meant to be coming home to see us in May,’ Colleen said. ‘They reckon if he hadn’t had his helmet on he would have been killed.’ Colleen said the family is desperately trying to travel out to Bali to support Mark but must arrange visas before they are able to do so. The situation has been complicated further because Mark did not have medical insurance at the time of the crash, and his treatment costs are mounting. In response to the growing bills, a fundraising page has been set up to pay for medical care and rehabilitation which is expected to take several months. The page, set up by a friend called Zachary, describes Mark as one of the most ‘kind-hearted, beautiful and gentle souls’ who worked as a ‘visionary, artist, inventor, architect and designer’. It went on: ‘The costs are rising as the days go by. Everything must be paid in advanced because he does not have health insurance. ‘We need to pay for the surgery, hospital ICU care, rehabilitation, ambulance, rent and living expenses for the next few months as well as any additional doctor visits and medicines for the trauma to his head and hand injuries. ‘This is an extremely stressful time for him and his family.’ The page added: ‘Throughout this stressful period, his friends and family remain hopeful and resilient. ‘We are raising the money to help Mark to pay for these expenses and assist him for a full recovery during and after hospital.’ To date, the page has raised more than £25,000. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.