Shrouk El-Attar – aka Dancing Queer – is an artist, engineer, and LGBTQ+ refugee from Egypt. Primarily a belly dancer and drag performer, Shrouk’s latest project is all about making the art of belly dancing more inclusive – with the creation of a groundbreaking gender non-specific belly dancing robot. ‘As an Egyptian, I grew up with belly dance being simply called “dance”,’ says Shrouk. ‘The term “belly dance” is a Western-coined name that isn’t even descriptive of the authentic practice, we don’t use our bellies to dance – and the original Egyptian costume even covered the stomach! ‘On Google, nearly everybody who turns up in image search is white, Western, and looks nothing like me. ‘It often feels like I have been literally wiped out of my own culture.’ Shrouk, who has been living in the UK as a refugee since 2007, performs as a belly dancer in an act called ‘Dancing Queer’ to raise funds for legal defense fees for LGBTQ+ people in Egypt, and to help with relocation for those persecuted and at risk because of their gender or sexuality. Shrouk’s latest project was showcased through Watershed’s Winter Residencies, where they have recently been named a permanent resident. The project was a fusion of engineering and art to explore making a robot that moves autonomously to Egyptian music. The performance piece saw Shrouk duet with the robot. ‘I am developing and engineering a gender non-specific bellydancing robot, for it to be something that brings joy but also starts important conversations,’ they explain. ‘By making my robot gender non-conforming, it pays homage to the Egyptian Ghawazee of the 1800s and reminds people that Egyptian dance wasn’t originally something that women performed for men’s entertainment, but for everyone, of all genders to take part in and, most importantly, for their own, personal joy.’ Shrouk, who was named as one of the BBC’s 100 most influential women in the world in 2018, has previously about the freedom they found to be queer as a liberating and life-changing experience. But the road has been bumpy. Two years after arriving in the UK at 17, Shrouk’s family found out about their queer identity, and their relationships fell apart. Shrouk was forced to leave home at a young age and to go through a separate and invasive asylum process. However, their struggle made them all the more determined to fight for their ‘LGBTQ+ siblings’ back in Egypt. Watershed’s annual Winter Residencies programme is an opportunity for artists to develop cutting-edge ideas at the Pervasive Media Studio, Watershed’s creative technologies research space. The artists have received financial, critical, and technical support from Watershed and share their progress via blogs and conversations on the Pervasive Media Studio website. Winter Residencies 2022 is made possible with support from Arts Council England. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Retreat for Black women aims to ‘heal racial exhaustion’ and create space for joy MORE : How to develop healthier responses to stress MORE : What I Rent: Danielle, £500 a month for a two-bedroom apartment in Cape Town, South Africa