The Duchess of Cambridge made an unexpected appearance at today’s Anzac Day ceremony in London. The event, which falls on April 25 each year, pays tribute to Australia and New Zealand’s war dead. Prince William was in attendance as a representative for the Queen, who has chosen to relinquish some of her royal engagements due to mobility issues. It was only confirmed at the last-minute that Kate would be joining her husband. A Kensington Palace spokesman said: ‘As a result of changes to the diary she is now able to attend.’ Prince William and Kate both sported red poppy pins as they were welcomed to Westminster Abbey by the Dean of Westminster. The Duchess was dressed in a white Alexander McQueen coat dress which she matched with Collingwood earrings and a Jane Taylor white headband. The Duke laid a wreath at the Cenotaph on behalf of his grandmother, the Queen, before the service began. Prince William and Kate walked down the same aisle as they did for their wedding in 2011. The Dean, the Very Reverend Dr David Hoyle, told those gathered in Wesminster Abbey: ‘Today we gather to remember what must never be forgotten. ‘We are also here to honour not just bravery, but common cause. ‘We will reflect on the complex history that makes allies and enemies and leads us through war and peace. ‘We remember the loyalties that bound the men and women of Gallipoli together. ‘We think of their courage at a time when we are conscious of a very different conflict and of other challenges. ‘We look around and find reason to pray for those caught up in war today. ‘We look back and remember the recent anxieties, loyalties and demands of a pandemic which is not yet over. ‘Knowing that trust, respect, service and resilience are virtuous acts, we commit ourselves once more to a renewed determination to seek peace and to work together for the good of all.’ Anzac Day – April 25 – marks the anniversary of the start of the First World War Gallipoli landings, and is a national day of remembrance for Australia and New Zealand. Thousands of troops – from the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps – died alongside British allies in the ill-fated 1915 campaign. Its legacy is the celebration of the ‘Anzac spirit’ of ‘courage, endurance, initiative, discipline and mateship.’ Crowds in Australia and New Zealand joined Anzac Day services at dawn to commemorate the dead as the sun rose. In London, the Queen’s cousin Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, attended a morning service at the New Zealand War Memorial. He laid a wreath and watched as a haka was performed. Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, also marked Anzac Day. The future king and his wife released a statement alluding to the spirit of fighting in Ukraine. The couple wrote: ‘As we pause to reflect on the sacrifice of the Armed Services personnel of Australia and New Zealand in two World Wars, and in other conflicts and peacekeeping operations, our thoughts will also be with those communities around the world who are being torn apart by violence and conflict, and those who are fighting for freedom in the face of oppression.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.