Katie Price has previously revealed her son Harvey has been desperate to go to a nightclub, and his dream came true last night. Harvey Price, 19, was joined by mum Katie, 43, and her fiancé Carl Woods, 33, as he made a personal appearance at The Acapulco Club in Halifax on Friday night. Punters were charged £10 each for a meet-and-greet with Harvey, who was seen being surrounded by groups of girls. Katie is rumoured to have got £6,000 for the appearance, which is going to be put in a bank account to go towards Harvey’s future. A source told The Sun: ‘Katie normally charges more but she’s agreed to appear for £6k as she’s keen for Harvey to make his own money. It’ll all go into his bank account for when he’s older. ‘It’s £10 for a meet and greet so the club can pay her fee easily – people will be queuing up to meet them!’ Katie added on her Instagram story on the way to the club: ‘Halifax here we go with @officialmrharveyprice first time club appearance and first time in a club.’ Harvey had previously revealed he was desperate to go to a club with his mum and Carl, after winning a National Diversity Award earlier in the year. He had returned to his residential college at 11.30pm that evening, and Katie asked him in a clip shared on Instagram: ‘Do you want to go out again late? I might take you to a club next,’ to which Harvey enthused: ‘Oh yeah.’ Katie asked: ‘And what are you gonna do in a night club?’, and Harvey revealed his celebration would be ‘a backflip’. She promised: ‘We’re gonna arrange it. And who do you want to go with you in the nightclub?’, to which Harvey responded: ‘Mummy and Carl.’ Harvey appeared to have a great time at his first nightclub and was seen putting his arms around fans who had paid for the meet and greet, and tucking into his favourite drink of Robinson’s squash. He also threw T-shirts into the crowd which read Harvey’s catchphrase: ‘What a day!’, and ‘Katie and Harvey Price gave me this T-shirt at the Acapulco club’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price slams stars getting MBE before her after Harvey’s Law campaigning: ‘Why not me?’ MORE : Katie Price avoids legal action after filming members of public from inside courtroom amid restraining order hearing 