A city accountant was fired after his boss said being a millennial made him ‘too demanding’, a tribunal heard. Insurance boss Lucy Raymond-Williams suggested employee Jay Patel, 26, ‘expected things to be handed to him on a plate’. Mr Patel – who is dyslexic and has overcome considerable challenges to achieve academic and career success – described suggestions he was entitled as ‘objectionable’ and ‘distressing’. He was sacked just weeks after Ms Raymond-Williams hailed him as her “blue-eyed boy, my project to show what people with dyslexia can achieve,’ the employment tribunal heard. Mr Patel sued Lucy A Raymond and Sons, based in London, for both age and disability discrimination. He lost the age claim after employment judge Stephen Heath ruled he was offended because of the obstacles he had overcome in life, rather than how old he was. However, he won the disability discrimination claim – and is now due to receive compensation. Mr Patel, who has a first-class honours degree in accounting and management, became part-accredited with the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) and was hired by the company in November 2020. Mrs Raymond-Williams was seeking a fully qualified accountant but made an exception because dyslexia was of ‘huge importance’ to her, as she has relatives with the condition and has also set up a dyslexia charity. However, the report from the central London hearing said: ‘Mrs Raymond-Williams, though she has considerable direct experience of dyslexia, appeared to view the condition entirely through the lens of her personal experience. ‘There was no sense that (her company) at the interview sought to enquire how his dyslexia affected him as an individual and what specific requirements he might have and what they could do to address any needs.’ Just two days into his new job, Mr Patel had to work from home after a national Covid lockdown was announced. He repeatedly asked HR about funding to complete his qualifications but was not given an answer. He was not set any targets and struggled with his work, as colleagues expressed concerns over his ability and lack of progress. Claims he was ‘very discourteous and very demanding’ were ‘exaggerated’, the tribunal heard. Mrs Raymond-Williams decided to ‘dispense of his services’ just one month later on December 1, 2020, conceding she made ‘the wrong decision giving a dyslexic person the job.’ She accused him of being ‘too demanding, in common with his generation of millennials’ when he asked for feedback his dismissal meeting. The employment tribunal ruled the comment was ‘probably in the context of his requests for funding of his ACCA course and sign-off of his professional objectives and that this was a trait of the millennial generation’. ‘We find that he was distressed about this comment, not so much of it relating to his age but more because he felt, as a disabled person, brought up by a single mother who prioritised his education, and who himself had overcome numerous barriers to achieve academic success, that very little in life had been handed to him on a plate.’ However, Judge Heath ruled Mr Patel was discriminated on grounds of his disability by being sacked over his dyslexia, criticising the company for making a ‘sudden about-turn’. A hearing to award him compensation will be held at a later date. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.