Transport secretary Grant Shapps has caused quite a stir with a promotional video for Government-sponsored discounts on railway travel. The Great British Rail Sale started at 10am this morning – offering Brits up to 50% off train tickets around the country. The idea is for families who are struggling with the cost of living crisis to still be able to afford domestic tourism. Mr Shapps really channelled his dad-joke sense of humour and announced the scheme in a video many have dubbed ‘cringey’. The clip showed a slideshow of destinations you might consider for a local holiday, with Mr Shapps swapping clothes and accessories to illustrate exactly what activity you’d take the trip for. Leaving no room for interpretation, Mr Shapps took a very literal approach and grabbed a sporty puffer jacket for the mountains in Edinburgh, sunglasses for the beach in Cornwall and binoculars for a walk in the Lake District. At the end of the video, Mr Shapps sent a completely different message to the ‘stay at home’ one Brits have been bombarded with for the last two years. He said: ‘We’ve had two years of living life virtually. It is time to get real and visit our beautiful country.’ The Conservative politician, who is clearly drawing on his previous career as a salesman, has been met with a mixed reaction. Whilst some said they ‘appreciate the effort’ to move away from a ‘dull bloke in suit saying forgettable things’, others were not such fans. Yorkshire-based Dr Alice Lilly joked this morning: ‘It is 9.31am and I have already watched the Grant Shapps video four times, please stage an intervention.’ More scathingly, Londoner George said: ‘Can imagine the civil servants p*****g themselves laughing at the vacuous moron on top.’ Jacq Dodman commented: ‘Seriously mate if you’ve got time to make these ridiculous publicity stunt videos you clearly aren’t doing your job properly.’ This is not the first time Mr Shapps has tried this approach. He made a similar video last January when he said train travellers would no longer have to hear the ‘endless torrent’ of announcements. Many criticised this move for being ‘out of touch’ as cutting down on announcements was not really at the top of people’s lists of transport issues. This most recent discount scheme has come under the same judgment, especially as Mr Shapps has claimed it will ‘help with the cost of living’. Stressing that people’s rising energy and food bills are what families are most worried about, one person said: ‘Are people supposed to burn the (train) tickets for heating or have you got any good recipes that use them?’ Others argued it was a ‘gimmick’ to make travel cheaper for just a month – between April 25 and May 27 – when commuters would benefit more from travel being made more affordable permanently. Mr Shapps said: ‘For the first time ever, operators across the rail industry are coming together to help passengers facing rising costs of living by offering up to 50% off more than a million tickets on journeys across Britain. ‘There’s no better time to visit friends, family or just explore our great country, so book your tickets today.’ The sale, said to be the first of its kind, is expected to bring some Manchester to Newcastle journeys down to a little over £10, while seats on some London to Edinburgh services will be slashed from £44 to £22. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.