Serena Williams has seemingly shut down any reports she’s set to retire from tennis by teasing she’ll be back for Wimbledon this year. The 40-year-old hasn’t played a match since Wimbledon last year but had been due to feature at the Australian Open in January before picking up a hamstring injury. But in a recent social media video appearing alongside Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers, Williams suggested she’d be back for Wimbledon at the end of June. ‘I am backstage at a Bitcoin conference in Miami with Aaron Rodgers here,’ Williams said. ‘We’ve been talking about my comeback and he’s been hyping me up and getting me ready for Wimbledon. Can’t wait!’ Rodgers appeared to be caught off guard by the Wimbledon revelation, saying: ‘Wimbledon? What about the US Open?’ Williams replied: ‘Wimbledon is before the US Open! I have to play Wimbledon first!’ It could put to bed reports the 23-time Grand Slam winner is set to retire as earlier today she parted with her long-term coach Patrick Mouratoglou, who has now teamed up with Simona Halep. Mouratoglou took to Twitter to confirm their split after 10 years together as he’s missed coaching Williams while she’s been inactive the past year. ‘In the last eight months I realised how much I’ve missed coaching,’ he said in a statement on Twitter. ‘It is the passion of my life and I still feel I have so much to give. ‘Simona came to the Mouratoglou Academy before Indian Wells for a training block. I swung by at a few of her practices, watched her train. ‘At the end of the week, she asked me if I was available to coach her. I have the highest respect for her but it was out of the question at the time. ‘A few weeks later, I had a conversation with Serena and the door opened for me, at least short term, to work with someone else. ‘I will keep you updated on what is coming next soon.’ MORE : Tennis chief confirms stricter punishments for ‘aggressive’ behaviour amid Nick Kyrgios and Alexander Zverev meltdowns MORE : Serena Williams had to ‘fight for’ Cat scans that showed blood clots in her lungs after giving birth to her daughter For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 