The new trailer for Stranger Things season 4 has dropped, teasing even more terror and a war brewing in Hawkins for Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) and the rest of the gang. What’s more, there appears to be a terrifying new villain pulling the strings in the Netflix series, with some fans debating the theory that they could be a character viewers have met before. The trailer shows Max (Sadie Sink) sitting at the grave of her late brother Billy (Dacre Montgomery), speaking to him after witnessing him sacrifice himself during the explosive fight against the Mind Flayer in the finale of season three. Later on, Max appears to be in the Upside Down running away from a Demogorgon-type creature, with another shot showing her seemingly being possessed while visiting Billy’s grave with Lucas (Caleb McLaughlin), Steve (Joe Keery) and Dustin (Gaten Matarazzo), as she levitates above their heads. Then, in the final moments of the new trailer, a humanoid creature with multiple tentacles attached to their body descends to the ground, before a close-up of their face reveals their skull-like appearance. Fans reacted with horror at the sight of the potential new villain, with one saying the creature looked ‘so evil’ and another remarking: ‘I can’t wait to see just how much trouble this villain is gonna cause.’ Others drew the emotionally hard-hitting conclusion that it could be Billy, who was controlled by the Mind Flayer for much of season three before finally fighting against its power to save Eleven, Max and their friends. The fact that Max is the first character we see in the trailer as she talks to Billy prompted some to predict that she will play an especially significant role in the new season. Plus, the fact that she was shown floating above the ground – in a harrowingly similar way to the creature at the end of the teaser – has led to speculation that there could be a connection between them. ‘Cannot wait for this. My theory is that’s Billy at the end and it was also him controlling Max, whether he’s the good guy or bad guy. But this looks another level,’ one person tweeted. ‘Max is narrating the trailer. Don’t tell me this ugly creature is my sweet guy, Billy,’ another questioned. At the end of season three, the gang defeated the Mind Flayer at the Battle of Starcourt… but it’s presumed that this only marked the demise of their physical form. So could it be that the Mind Flayer is not only still at large, but also controlling Billy in a new way? Someone else questioned whether Max could end up gaining powers, considering Eleven’s have disappeared at this point in the narrative. ‘Okay but what if this villain is Billy and Max got Eleven’s powers?? Like why is Max in the Upside Down? Why is she floating? Why is the trailer centering her??’ they wrote. All worthy questions that will hopefully be answered in due course. Just a couple more months to wait! In the trailer, an ominous voiceover from an unknown individual states: ‘You’ve broken everything. Your suffering is almost at an end.’ They later say: ‘It’s time. You have lost.’ While it seems like it could be a logical conclusion for the unrecognisable creature to be Billy in the new season, another fan expressed their belief that it could be Hopper (David Harbour). Considering we are desperately waiting for Hopper to be reunited with Eleven and to finally get together with Joyce (Winona Ryder) after three seasons of will-they-won’t-they, we hope they’re wrong. Stranger Things season four arrives on Netflix on Friday May 27, with the first three seasons available to watch on the platform. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stranger Things season 4 trailer teases ‘war is coming’ as Eleven and the gang face grave danger MORE : Bridgerton star Nicola Coughlan reveals she auditioned for Stranger Things but knows it’s ‘not personal’ she didn’t get the part 