Naked Attraction presenter Anna Richardson made her feelings towards Nadine Dorries known after declaring she isn’t welcome on the dating series. The Government confirmed last week that it will proceed with plans to privatise Channel 4, which has been publicly owned since it was founded in 1982 and is funded by advertising. The politician, 64, wrote that former Conservative Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher had ultimately wanted it to be ‘free from the constraints of the state’ and described opposition to the move as ‘lazy, overwrought and ill-informed rhetoric from the Leftie luvvie lynch mob’. When asked whether the Culture Secretary could change her view over the controversial move, the 51-year-old host shut it down by insisting she would ‘never have her’ on the reality series. ‘I just think that, even though Naked Attraction is about the beauty of the body. I think ultimately it comes down to personality, doesn’t it?’ she said during her interview on Times Radio. ‘And I think that Nadine has shown her true colours in all ways.’ She continued: ‘I don’t think that we could reveal any part of that woman that is in any way enlightening or attractive, I’m afraid so. She’s off the panel.’ Richardson’s revelation comes after Dorries clashed with Location Location Location presenter Kirstie Allsopp, who questioned whether it was ‘really ministerial’ to describe those opposed as a ‘lynch mob’ while ‘at the same time complaining about having been accused of fascism’. The TV host responded to the announcement by tweeting that ‘no true Conservative would sell Channel 4’ and that ‘Lady T will be spinning in her grave’. Following the news, celebrities such as It’s A Sin writer Russell T. Davies, and comedian Sue Perkins have also voiced their concerns. ‘A government that talks about celebrating British achievements in the same breath as selling them off to foreign investors. We are sunk,’ Perkins tweeted. GMB presenter Adil Ray, who starred in Channel 4 school drama Ackley Bridge, reminded fans: ‘C4 has been the lifeblood of UK diversity. Skins, It’s A Sin, Ackley Bridge, Desmond’s, Undateables, Paralympics, This Is England, Britz, Eastern Eye, Black on Black, The Word, Brookside, Dispatches, Bandung File, Queer As Folk, My Beautiful Laundrette..we owe them everything.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Nadine Dorries’ reps for comment. Naked Attraction airs Thursdays from 9pm on Channel 4 with past episodes available to watch on All4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Naked Attraction criticism is misplaced – we actually need more nudity on TV  MORE : Nadine Dorries and Kirstie Allsopp clash over Channel 4 privatisation: ‘Lady Thatcher will be spinning in her grave’ 