The first plant-based mock chicken wings with fake ‘bones’ to hit UK supermarket shelves have sparked controversy as some vegans say they’re a little too realistic. A hard sugarcane ‘spear’ runs through the centre of the crispy jackfruit ‘Wingz’ by London-based vegan food retailed Biff’s Plant Shack. The company claims the product will ‘re-define boneless’ and show people that ‘the elements of meat that seem so intrinsic to animals can be bettered in both taste, experience and impact’. Jackfruit has become a mainstay of commercial imitation meat products due to its texture and mouthfeel, but sugarcane bones have yet to take off widely beyond niche vegan recipe books. The new range, which launches in Waitrose supermarkets on Wednesday, is believed to be the first to be sold by a major retailer in the UK. Customers who have already bought the ‘wings’ directly from Biff’s were full of praise after the announcement, with one Instagram user commenting: ‘I can confirm these are amazing.’ Others said vegans would be put off by the experience of eating something that reminds them too much of meat. Rachael Burt wrote: ‘Is anyone else a little uncomfortable about the “bone”?’ The company’s founder, Biff Bloom-Burrows, acknowledged some vegans might be offended by the realism of the wings but said the company was determined to attract meat-lovers away from real chicken wings. He said: ‘We want to make a product that’s not only better for the planet, but can show people that even the elements of meat that seem so intrinsic to animals can be bettered in both taste, experience and impact. ‘As vegans ourselves, we understand that the sugarcane can, at first bite, seem a little weird – especially if bones are something that always made you feel uncomfortable in a meat product. ‘We respect those opinions, but over time it’s an element of the dish we’ve become increasingly proud of as a way to engage with people, trigger conversations and show-off what natural, plant-based ingredients can achieve. ‘Billions of chicken wings are eaten every year, with 1.4 billion wings (that’s 350 million chickens) consumed on Superbowl weekend alone. ‘There is a huge appetite for a vegan alternative that can replicate the real thing – and to make even a small dent in that figure would create a big change.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.