A New Jersey man was arrested and charged with attempted murder after he repeatedly ran over a 23-year-old woman in an SUV during an apparent fit of road rage Tuesday morning. Surveillance footage of the attack shows the woman running from the man’s silver SUV before he allegedly plowed into her. The woman was initially left in critical condition, but had improved to fair condition, according to NBC New York. Officials in Elizabeth, New Jersey arrested Vincent Jean, 56, on suspicion of first-degree attempted murder, aggravated assault and other charges. He was taken into custody following the attack and remains at the Union County Jail, according to the county prosecutor’s office. Jean allegedly ran over the unidentified woman twice. Once as she was running away from his vehicle, and a second time after he had already hit her. According to prosecutors, Jean ‘deliberately’ backed up over her. The incident unfolded Tuesday morning after Jean drove down a one-way street in reverse, apparently to avoid morning rush hour traffic, when he crashed into the woman’s car, neighbors told NBC. As Jean started to drive away, the woman began taking photos of his car. ‘At that point, the suspect drove his car directly at the victim and she began to run onto the lawn to avoid being struck,’ the prosecutor’s office said. Security footage from a neighbor’s home shows the lengths he took to target the woman following the accident. After attempting to back his car into her on the lawn and missing, Jean allegedly pulled back out onto the street to make a three-point turn, before further chasing the woman onto the lawn. As Jean drives his SUV through the front lawn the woman can be seen falling while attempting to get away. He then runs her over with his vehicle, reverse on top of her and drive away. The woman was found by police officers shortly after 8.30 am Tuesday ‘lying on the front lawn of a residence . . . suffering from numerous severe injuries,’ prosecutors said. Jean then allegedly fled the area, but patrol officers found him later parked on a nearby street, sitting alone in the driver’s seat of his damaged car, the prosecutor’s office said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.