Martin Roberts has revealed he underwent emergency surgery after having chest pains which turned out to be ‘massive amounts’ of fluid on his heart. The Homes Under The Hammer presenter revealed he could have had ‘hours to live’ had he not had the operation. He wrote alongside the video: ‘So. Bit of a shocker. Thankfully I’m here to tell the tale…’ Explaining what had happened, he posted a video message telling fans: ‘Well, I have to say this isn’t where I expected to be watching Homes Under the Hammer today. ‘Bit of good news, bit of bad news. I ended up in the Royal United Hospital in Bath yesterday. I’ve been having quite a few chest pains and just feeling generally lousy. ‘So I was brought in here and turns out I had a massive amount of fluid all around my heart, which was actually stopping my heart working. ‘Had they not got rid of it, which they did in an emergency operation last night, then it’s sort of quite serious, like, hours to live kind of c**p. ‘So anyway here I am, still around, thank goodness, thank god and angels, all those things. ‘There’s lots of other complications that have happened as a result, but we will work through those, and I’ll keep you updated.’ He then joked: ‘Meanwhile, there’s a good TV show on that I think I’ll watch while I’m here.’ Martin had recently returned from the Ukraine-Poland border after driving a van full of supplies to help the refugees fleeing attacks from Russian forces. He wrote on Twitter after successfully arriving last month: ‘1260 miles. 25 hours driving. Five countries. 427 wine gums. 8 large cans of red bull. An entire Spotify play list. An unbelievably kind and supportive mountain of encouragement from you, and the main part of my mission is done. Just heading to the border with sleeping bags x.’ Martin had felt it was his duty to do what he can to help the refugees, which is what led to him embarking on his epic journey across Europe to drop off supplies. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Shocking texts Johnny Depp sent about Amber Heard read out in court as trial continues: ‘Let’s drown her before we burn her’ MORE : Piers Morgan tells Donald Trump’s press secretary ‘pack your bags’ after leaked audio shows him failing to end explosive interview 