Sharon Osbourne feels her family is ‘cursed’ after husband Ozzy Osbourne tested positive for Covid. The former Black Sabbath, 73, star was diagnosed with Covid overnight in the US, prompting wife Sharon to jet over to the US to be with him. Her friend and fellow TalkTV presenter Piers Morgan shared an update with his viewers on Thursday evening, and read out a text he’d received from Sharon. She said in the message: ‘It’s just a nightmare, Piers. I’m at the airport, I feel like the Osbournes are cursed.’ Piers agreed sympathetically: ‘They’ve certainly had a terrible run of bad luck,’ before passing on a supportive message to the family. ‘I want to send Sharon all my love, to Ozzy as well, my best wishes for a full and speedy recovery, and everyone here at TalkTV and Piers Uncensored is right here behind you willing you on. So good luck to you, Ozzy,’ the broadcaster said. Flying back to the US has meant Sharon, 69, has had to cancel tonight’s episode of her new programme The Talk, which launched on Monday, and sees her discuss current affairs and pop culture antics alongside a panel. Announcing Ozzy’s latest health setback in a tearful interview, Sharon said earlier: ‘Ozzy was only diagnosed in the middle of the night our time. I spoke to him and he’s OK. I am very worried about Ozzy right now. ‘We’ve gone two years without him catching Covid and it’s just Ozzy’s luck it would be now.’ Talking about returning to TalkTV Sharon said: ‘I can’t believe my luck. I’m missing the show and I’ve only been there three days. I can’t believe it. Three days and I’m missing the show but I will be back. I know I will. ‘It will take me a week to get my old man back on his feet again and I will be back.’ When asked how her family are doing, Sharon said: ‘Unfortunately, it was diagnosed in the middle of the night and they were all sleeping, so I haven’t spoken to them yet, but they’ll rally round, they’ll be with him.’ Sharon has promised to return as soon as next week, and may appear via video-link in the meantime. ‘I know my husband, we’re going to get him back on his feet and we’re going to get a negative test by next week,’ she said. Ozzy revealed he had Parkinson’s disease in January 2020 and is also dealing with issues stemming from an accident in 2019. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs on TalkTV, 8pm Monday – Friday (Sky 526, Virgin Media 627, Freeview 237, and Freesat 217). Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ozzy Osbourne, 73, tests positive for Covid ahead of ‘final operation’ MORE : Sharon Osbourne breaks down in tears as she pulls out of TalkTV show after husband Ozzy Osbourne, 73, contracts Covid 