Sometimes, no matter how hard you try, finding the perfect decor and finishing touches to add a bit of luxury to your home feels impossible. Whether it’s slightly mismatched shades of wood, a box you can’t find a hiding place for or curtains that are just a little bit too short, interior design is a tricky game to play. Thankfully though, social media has democratised the interiors game, from wishfully noting down themes and accents you see on Architectural Digest to listening to experts share their tips on TikTok and Instagram, it’s becoming easier to get the feng shui down without paying a fortune. Krishnan Rajaratnam, 20, who studies Interior Architecture and Design at Coventry University and shares interior design tips on her TikTok account Interior By Kirsh, recently shared the interior design mistakes that contribute to making your home look cheap. Across two videos, Rajaratnam advised against 10 common decor choices if you want a luxury feel in your home. Duvet covers came up twice: firstly, if they’re creased, Rajaratnam advises giving your sheets an iron to get a more expensive look, and secondly, opt for plain over patterned bed sheets. Outdated lighting, especially light shades, also make your home look cheaper, according to Rajaratnam, as do exposed electrical wires and over-the-door coat hangers. Investing in some more modern light shades and a coat rack might make a big difference when it comes to the feel of your home. In terms of decoration, Rajaratnam also advises against small artwork as well as canvases. In a third video, which offers tips on how to make your home look more expensive, Rajaratnam suggests buying a large, oversized piece of art for one wall, roman blinds, a freestanding bathtub and kitchen plinth lighting: the sophisticated equivalent to cheap looking exposed LED lighting. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to redecorate any room in an hour, according to an interior designer MORE : Struggling to focus working from home? It could be down to your interior choices MORE : Scalloped homeware is everywhere right now – here are our favourite wavy interiors pieces