A government whistleblower who raised concerns about serious animal welfare breaches and meat traceability has won a £1.25million settlement. Senior vet Dr Tamara Bronckaers also received an unreserved apology from the Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs (Daera) for the ‘hurt and distress caused’ after a tribunal found she was constructively dismissed. Dr Bronckaers was awarded the payout – said to be the biggest of its kind awarded in Northern Ireland – after she was subjected to unfair treatment while working for the department’s Veterinary Service Animal Health Group. The vet expressed fears about records on thousands of animals moved between farms being deleted. She worked for the department for 19 years but resigned in 2018 after claiming management refused to listen. An industrial tribunal found she had been constructively dismissed in September last year. Daera launched an appeal against the decision but dropped it earlier this month. Dr Bronckaers, who described her ordeal as ‘extremely harrowing’, said: ‘This outcome has been a long time coming and I can move on in the knowledge that I did what was right, and I now have a long-waited and justified apology from the department. ‘I witnessed first-hand animals suffering unnecessarily and believe that over a five-year period in excess of 20,000 animals were involved in deleted moves which would have had significant implications for traceability within the supply chain. ‘I strongly believed that the department was failing in its duty to protect animal welfare and therefore I couldn’t continue doing a job that I wasn’t being allowed to carry out ethically. ‘I couldn’t sit back and watch these breaches persist.’ Dr Bronckaers, regarded as an expert on livestock market legislation, identified serious failings in animal welfare and an abuse of process called ‘deleted moves’. The process involves a dealer buying an animal without having someone to immediately sell it to, the BBC reports. Dr Bronckaers discovered animals sometimes left a market to join a dealer’s herd before the buyer was found – and the move would be deleted from the tracing system. Animals with fewer moves in their history are more valuable. But inadequate records could affect the traceability of meat in the supply chain and have an impact on the spread of disease. The tribunal ruled Dr Bronckaers had been reasonable to persist in raising her concerns – but she was ignored and undermined and treated in a way that was ‘intimidating, patronising, belittling and dismissive of her as a professional.’ Dr Bronckaers’ solicitor, John McShane, hailed her bravery as ‘astounding’. ‘This is the largest settlement of its type in Northern Ireland and the outcome for Dr Bronckaers is wholly justified bearing in mind the detriments she has suffered that have not only affected her career, but her family and her financial situation. ‘She was willing to do what was ethically right to the detriment of herself, her family, and her standard of living in retirement. ‘It is a choice that very few people would make as the easier path would have been to keep quiet.’ Daera has launched an internal audit review of cattle traceability within the Veterinary Animal Health Group. It said in a statement: ‘The department takes extremely seriously all the matters which contributed to the outcome of the recent tribunal and will be progressing an internal review into them. ‘This review is being undertaken with urgency and will be completed at pace.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.