Ministers are preparing to scrap the BBC television licence fee, as fewer and fewer people think it’s worth paying for. A Government White Paper says that since the last review less than a decade ago, viewing habits have changed a fair bit and that it’s time for a change. ‘Technology has revolutionised how, when and where audiences can access and watch content,’ the document says. ‘An increasing number of households are choosing not to hold a TV licence, as fewer people choose to watch live TV or other activities that require a licence. ‘Should this trend continue as expected there are clear challenges on the horizon to the sustainability of the licence fee.’ The Government says it will now look at how other countries fund this public service broadcasters as part of its funding overhaul. Criminal sanctions for non-payment are ‘disproportionate and unfair’, and any new model would abandon this threat, the 42-page white paper says. Ministers have said they will set up a timetable to find a viable alternative in time for when the BBC’s current royal charter expires in 2027. They warn that if no other funding options are found in time, then the decline in demand for TV licences could ‘significantly’ push up the current £159 fee. The BBC  has previously come under fire over the abolition of free TV licences for all over-75s, with a grace period on payment because of the Covid-19 pandemic having ended on July 31. Previous funding reviews have concluded that the TV licence fee is the ‘least bad’ option, the Times reports. Other alternatives could include a subscription, or linking the fee directly to a household bill such as internet or electricity. While its keeping an open mind, the BBC still believes the licence fee is the most effective way of protecting its independence and universality. Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries has promised a new ‘golden age’ of television with her new Media Bill. She says it will allow UK broadcasters to compete with Netflix, Amazon and Apple and would allow viewers to complain about content on streaming services. Media regulator Ofcom would have the power to fine them £250,000 for breaking a ‘video on demand code’ drawn up to protect viewers from harmful content. The aim of this is to create a level playing field between terrestrial TV and streaming services. The Government has said it will also scrutinise Ofcom’s role as regulator of the BBC to see if the system needs any improvements. Dorries also claimed that the BBC has a problem with impartiality and ‘groupthink’  and needs to make ‘material and swift progress’ in addressing this, the white paper adds. A BBC spokesman said: ‘We look forward to engaging with the Government on both the forthcoming mid-term review and then the national debate on the next charter. ‘The White Paper recognises the BBC’s critical role in supporting the UK creative sector and we remain focused on delivering great value for all licence fee payers.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.