A search for survivors is underway in the Philippines after landslides and flooding swept across the country. At least 25 people died on Sunday and yesterday following heavy rains and winds on the central and southern coasts. Winds reached 40 miles per hour and were brought about by tropical storm Megi – known locally as Agaton – according to the authorities. Harrowing photos shared on social media show roads and buildings submerged by water and thick mud, with coast guards, police and firefighters rushing to rescue residents. Some had been waiting for hours trapped on their roofs with the water around them rising steadily. In the central Leyte province, 22 bodies were recovered after being buried under a landslide and six people were reported missing, Baybay city police chief Joemen Collado said. ‘In one village, a landslide occurred and other victims, unfortunately, were also swept away by the surge of water,’ he told the DZBB radio network. ‘There were at least six missing but there could be more.’ A Leyte resident told news agency AFP: ‘I was crying because I know the people buried there, and I was also scared because there were mountains behind our house.’ Three more storm-related deaths were reported by the government’s disaster-response agency in the southern provinces of Davao de Oro and Davao Oriental. More than 30,000 families have already been displaced after nearly 200 floods were reported in different areas in central and southern provinces over the weekend. Some have already been moved to emergency shelters, authorities said. According to the Disasters Emergency Committee, an average of 20 storms hit the Philippines every year. The south-east Asian country is an area of intense seismic activity because it is located along the border of two tectonic plates on the ‘Pacific Ring of Fire’. This means it is also prone to earthquakes and volcanic eruptions. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.