Fancy dating a Taurus? There are some things you need to know about this special star sign. Taurus is the second sign of the zodiac, a fixed sign (born in the middle of a season), an Earth sign (ruled by the grounding element of earth), and governed by the planet Venus (beautiful, indulgent, aesthetic). Taureans’ astrological symbol, and spirit animal, is the bull. A mostly placid creature, but one which, when roused, can be fearsome and unstoppable in their rage – that pretty much sums up the Taurus personality. So, you don’t want to rile up a Taurus. But what else do you need to know before you embark on a relationship with this sign? Read on for your roadmap. Taureans are pleasing, comforting, chill company, they are good to be around because they are laidback (did someone say lazy?), like the good things in life, and are always up for some pleasure-seeking. They will let you be you – no judgment. Taureans are solid, stoic, resilient and strong. They are the endurance sign, with stamina to spare. They may not get the job done the fastest, but they will stick with it. Many people think Taureans are stubborn. The nuance here is that they’re actually deeply analytical people who think through everything meticulously, and their opinions are therefore well pressure-tested and have taken time to craft, so they don’t change their mind easily. When roused, yes, they can lose their temper big time and then it’s just best to get out of the way. Taureans are resolutely practical. They are not turned on by imaginative, creative fantasy themes. They like things they can touch, smell, feel and eat (food is life). Taureans’ Venus ruler makes them very interested in money (if not obsessive), love and sex (big appetites for both), secure relationships and happy-ever-afters, pleasure, harmony, good aesthetics and beauty. Being bossed, nagged and henpecked by a speedier, more demanding, time-conscious partner or friend! Taureans do what they want, when they want, and no amount of rushing, bothering, nudging, or reminding will change any of that – and it irritates them enormously. They do not understand why they should have to conform to someone else’s clock or expectations. Taureans are very romantic, very physical, very loyal, very loving and very into receiving lots of attention from an object of affection. They are full-on partners in that respect. They like to be appreciated and shown affection overtly. They love cosy, intimate, one-on-one time, and will want to build a private kingdom just for the two of you. Taureans love security, control, known entities, so they tend to lean towards long-term, steady relationships rather than playing the field (too much effort…). Their ideal date would be being together at home, ordering a luxurious takeaway and lovely cocktails, watching something interesting in front of a log fire. Other Earth signs- so fellow Taureans, as well as Capricorn and Virgo. Earth signs are the hardworking, practical, no-nonsense realists of the zodiac. They like partners who have got their sh*t together and know what they’re about, so they work well together. Earths are into the power couple vibe. Taurus’s opposite sign (the sign they’re magnetised by in love) is Scorpio. This is definitely a sex thing, and can get really intense. Both signs are obsessed with security and control. They are both very strong-minded. Taurus shares a planet, Venus, with Libra, so that too can make for a harmonious pairing. A very nice home with all mod cons, beautiful décor, spotless floors and a pleasing ambiance. Loyalty and lasting affection. Lots of sex. Staying in more than you go out. Intimacy and connection. A real desire to please you and look after you. Great meals out. Luxurious holidays and weekends away. Being late for every single thing you go to as a couple. Plenty of money in the bank and healthy savings/pension statements. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : A rare Pisces Stellium is near – here’s what it means for your star sign MORE : It took me four years, five GPs and £1,500 to get HRT MORE : Woman shares what it’s like to go through the menopause at just 15