We’re constantly being told to cycle more to help clean up London’s air and do our bit for our health and the environment. And, since the start of the pandemic, lots of people have chosen to do exactly that. But a huge issue sweeping the capital is the shortage of bike parking spaces. Thousands of Londoners are looking for a safe space to store their bikes – but the number of residents waiting for a spot massively outweighs the number of hangars currently available. New research published last week found that cyclists in the capital are waiting four years for a hangar spot – and more than 60,000 are currently on the wait list. This is the case for Remy, who lives in a one-bed Holloway flat with her boyfriend, Ed. The couple have had to find space for their two bikes in their 400-square foot flat for the past two years. Despite waiting for a year and half for a bike hangar space in Islington, Remy hasn’t heard anything back yet. As a result, she’s been storing her bike in her top-floor flat, which involves carrying it up a narrow staircase every time she gets home. She tells Metro.co.uk: ‘For a very long time, we were just storing them in our flat, which was a nightmare. Because the flat is so small, we had to put our bikes in front of our washing machine in the corridor, so we had to move them every single time we wanted to wash anything. We did that for about six months.’ Remy explains that she then decided to move the bikes into the building’s communal landing – but this was met with a warning. She adds: ‘Hilariously enough, (after hearing nothing about the hangar) the council came into our building and put these stickers all over our stuff in the hallway. ‘They basically left us an angry letter and said “if you don’t move yourself out of the hallway, because it’s a fire hazard, we’re going to dispose of it.” So that’s no longer an option. ‘While I completely understand that we’re not allowed to keep them in the hallway, it’s kind of a comical, Catch 22 situation that I’m basically getting harassed and told I can’t keep into my hallway – so I have to keep them in my tiny, tiny flat. But there’s a solution where I can pay the council for a bike hangar to eliminate this problem, and they won’t even let me pay them to put elsewhere, in a reasonable space. ‘They won’t let me give them money to fix this issue.’ Remy’s boyfriend Ed knows a thing or two about waiting for a bike hangar. He originally applied six years ago when he lived down the road, and didn’t hear back for three years – despite numerous emails. He then applied again in February 2021 at his new Holloway property, alongside Remy, and heard back the following day after sending a follow-up email. However, Remy is still waiting. Ed says: ‘I applied on the February 21 2021 and strangely heard back on the February 22. However, on this occasion I followed up with an email and my application number (which I don’t believe was an action that was suggested in the first application) and was allowed to pay for the spot and be sent a key. ‘I think it speaks volumes that some people are waiting years to get one of these spaces and yet when I chased with an email about one, I got confirmation of my spot the next day. It feels like the people who run this system are just only replying to people who put extra effort when really all applications should be considered with the same level of care.’ But the even more frustrating thing is that there appears to be spare spaces in Ed’s hangar – and despite Remy emailing the council about them, she’s still heard nothing. Remy says: ‘The hanger I think has 10 bikes and there are two vacant spaces and we’ve seen that they’ve been vacant for several months, and the council just won’t reply to me. ‘I’ve considered just sticking my bike in there and I have no problem paying for it (I think it’s like £130 or £150 a year) but they just won’t reply to me. So I’m worried that if I put my bike in there, they’re going to take it.’ Molly, a 28-year-old trade journalist who lives in Crystal Palace, is another person who has been forced to carry her bike up to her flat for months. She says: ‘I mostly keep it in the hall of my flat, or occasionally my bedroom if necessary. This means carrying my bike up and down two flights of very narrow stairs – and it takes up a sizeable chunk of the hallway. ‘Because it’s all so narrow I’ve knocked the wall quite a bit, so I’m concerned it’s going to impact us getting our deposit back.’ Clean Cities recently launched a #ThisIsAwkward campaign for cyclists to share the ridiculous spots they are storing their bikes at home while they wait for hangars – some submitted images include bikes in the shower, by the fireplace and next to a bed. ‘Let’s face it no one wants to heave a big bike up flights of stairs to a flat after work, or sit twitching the curtains all night praying it doesn’t get stolen from the lamp post outside,’ says Oliver Lord, UK Head of the Clean Cities Campaign. ‘Secure cycle parking is simple stuff that councils should be delivering far more of, to help make cycling as easy as possible. These huge waiting lists are embarrassing, as is having to do the cycle salsa in our homes.’ London cyclists feel there are a few ways things can be fixed. Ed says three main things need to be addressed to tackle the situation. He explains: ‘Number one is simply more bike hangars. One hanger takes up the space of a small car and can store six bikes, more hangars in key areas would do so much for safe bike parking. Also, the extra rental fees going to the council would mean more money to help with upkeep.‘Secondly would be checks on hangars that are listed as full. Having checks even every month or two to see if spaces are consistently empty would help work out if spaces were actually available. ‘I’m sure there are people on larger incomes that either stop using them or move house and don’t notice the £107-a-year fee leave their account.‘A more clear system on the council websites would be good, too. In Islington, to apply to have to go to the website, then open a separate PDF and then follow another link to apply that goes back to the council website. And if you want to have any luck at all you need to then chase via email with your application reference number.’ Perhaps the worst part is that current wait list times are stopping people getting bikes and cycling – something the government and the Mayor of London are actively encouraging. Ryan Bowes, who lives in Southwark, says the lack of hangars has stopped him getting a bike. He explains: ‘Back in July 2021, my housemate tried to reserve us two local bike hangar spots as we mostly make trips around the city that are short, to work/socialise etc – but not short enough to make on foot. ‘We were told about the high demand for spots and, as of today, we have still haven’t had any news or been able to secure a spot anywhere in the borough. We live in an upstairs flat and our communal corridor isn’t wide enough to fit one bike, let alone two, so unfortunately we’ve had to abandon the idea of getting bikes.’ This bewilderment is certainly being felt by cyclists such as Remy – still desperately waiting for a hangar space. She adds: ‘I think if they want to encourage people to cycle or take public transport, and find cheaper ways of getting to work, they need to have someone who’s actually responsive and monitoring the bike hangers – or just put out more bike hangers. ‘They are great – it’s a brilliant idea. And it’s not so expensive – I think £150-a-year is still considerably cheaper than taking the tube everywhere. They just need to put more out. ‘It’s a free way for the council to get money. I don’t understand why they don’t do it more.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best urban bikes for cycling around town – for every budget MORE : Meet the adorable deaf cat who loves bike rides around London MORE : All-female cycling group recreate a 500-mile tour of the Highlands done by Scottish teens in 1936