Kim Jong-un’s sister has unleashed another blistering rant, warning of an ‘unimaginably terrible disaster’ in South Korea. It’s the second time North Korea’s ‘number two’ has verbally threatened her southern neighbour this week alone. Kim Yo-jong again promised her family is prepared to use nuclear weapons if provoked. She said: ‘If the South Korean army were to injure even an inch of our land, they would face a catastrophe that we had never imagined before. ‘In that case, South Korea itself will become a target.’ The politician also claimed, in a statement read out on state news channel, that she ‘opposes war’. But she added South Korea would face ‘unimaginably terrible disaster’ if it launched a pre-emptive attack. Yo-jong warned North Korea’s arsenal of nuclear weapons could be used for ‘eliminating the enemy’s armed forces at a strike’. Analysts believe her comments could be directed at Yoon Suk-yeol, South Korea’s incoming president. While North Korea has never publicly criticised Yoon, the politician has recently called for a more ‘muscular’ defence against the authoritarian state. Rachel Minyoung Lee, an analyst with the US-based 38 North project, said: ‘North Korea has thus far refrained from criticising Yoon at an authoritative level, but it certainly seems to be laying the groundwork for it.’ Yo-jong’s chilling comments follows a similar outburst towards South Korea’s defence minister Suh Wook. On Sunday, he said his country would ‘accurately and quickly hit any target in North Korea’ if a conflict broke out. He was quickly branded ‘scum-like’ by a furious Yo-jong, who said his comments were a ‘very big mistake’. Yo-jong has previously delivered threats to US President Joe Biden and warned him not to ‘give off powder smell in our land’. This all comes amid heightened tensions between the two Korean states over the North’s spate of weapons tests. One recent deployment of a ‘monster missile’ was debunked by security experts. North Korea claimed they had succesfully fired a deadly Hwasong-17, but it later emerged the weapon was in fact an older model. Security experts believe the launch was faked in a bid to drum up further support for Kim’s regime. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.