BTS stars J-Hope and Jungkook have been praised for being ‘professionals’ after suffering slips and falls during their Grammys performance. The K-pop hitmakers delivered a stunning performance of their number one single Butter at the music awards in Las Vegas on Sunday, featuring a special cameo from Olivia Rodrigo. However, there were slight mishaps that eagle-eyed fans managed to spot in blink-and-you’ll-miss-it moments. At one point, BTS were stepping off a platform together in the middle of the stage when J-Hope lost his footing and stumbled forward. However, he immediately played it off and quickly ran up nearby steps in a bid to catch himself. Later in the set, Jungkook ever-so slightly slipped as he descended steps on the stage but, like J-Hope, was able to recover quickly. Fans flooded the group with plenty of support and praise, with one tweeting: ‘JK almost kinda trip too.. or soo i think but the performance was dooe enough and they were as always professional, they can handle it smoothly.’ Referring to J-Hope, another said: ‘nooo Hobi almost slipped but look at how quick he moved to the stairs and smiled.’ ‘He’s such a professional I thought he was picking something off the floor,’ one commented. Applauding his recovery, one Army member weighed in: ‘The way it looked like it was about to be a *very* hard fall, and he manages instead to turn it into a jog up the stairs, and turns to smile at the camera and immediately gets right back into position?? Experienced professional right there.’ ‘I thought it was part of the choreography,’ one said as another fan agreed: ‘I didn’t even notice he’s a sweetheart.’ BTS’ performance was all very James Bond with Jungkook making a dramatic entrance by flying in from the ceiling, and the group – also consisting of Jin, Suga, Jimin and RM – looking dapper in an array of silver and black shimmery suits. In one of the most sizzling moments of the performance, V sidled up to Drivers Licence singer Olivia in the audience and whispered something in her ear that made her pull a shocked reaction, of course, all part of the set. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Grammys 2022: Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins remembered in ‘beautiful’ tribute after death aged 50 MORE : Grammys 2022: BTS’ V flirts with Olivia Rodrigo while J-Hope recovers from slip during sizzling performance 