A chef is suing Tom Kerridge’s double ­Michelin-starred gastropub for £150,000 after he was scalded by boiling stock ­during a kitchen accident. Andrew Lewis was working at The Hand & Flowers in Marlow — the UK’s only pub with two Michelin stars — when he was sprayed by the liquid as he tried to fix a tap on an urn. The 28-year-old suffered scalds across more than a third of his body, leaving him permanently scarred, suffering flashbacks and mentally traumatised, he claims. He is suing both the Buckinghamshire pub and IPM Catering Ltd, of Kettering, Northamptonshire, the company responsible for servicing the urn. The Hand & Flowers, opened in 2005 by Great British Menu presenter Tom and his wife Beth Cullen-Kerridge, is famed for its £88 steaks and was AA Restaurant of the Year for 2011-12. In court papers, barrister Simon Brindle said Mr Lewis had been working there as a demi chef du partie for just over a year when he was injured on October 24, 2018. He said the chef was responsible for setting up and switching on the stock boiler, a pressure cooker that heated meat and vegetable stock ‘to 100°C’. On the day of the accident, Mr Lewis noticed stock leaking and ‘first cleared it up, and then tried to fix the leak by tightening the tap’. But he said as Mr Lewis crouched down in front to tighten the tap ‘it suddenly came away from the stock boiler, causing pressurised, boiling stock water to be ejected from it and over him’. Mr Lewis, of Thame, Oxfordshire, claims that one or other of the firms was negligent in ‘failing to ensure he was adequately protected from the risk of burn and scald created by the unintended ejection of the stock’. According to papers lodged with London’s High Court, each of the firms says the other was to blame. Mr Brindle said that, after hospitalisation, Mr Lewis has returned to work and is now head chef at a different restaurant. But he said he has ‘significant pain in his legs at the end of the working day’ and is claiming damages for potential loss of earnings if injuries worsen. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.