A dad and son have been fined because one of their customers ‘briefly’ stood up when Covid rules only allowed people to eat and drink while seated. Ian Snowball, 62, runs the Showtime pub in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, with his son Adam, 36. Their sports pub was open in June last year, when coronavirus rules at the time banned standing customers at bars and restaurants. The idea was to keep people seated at socially distanced tables, instead of standing and mixing with each other. But one of Showtime’s punters allegedly stood up to drink from a cup of beer during beer pong – instead of remaining seated to drink it – while Ian’s colleague Alex oversaw the game. Two environmental health workers said they saw this happen when they looked through the pub’s window on June 25. Ian and Adam were then charged for ‘failing to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the customer remained seated while consuming food or drink on the premises’. The customer’s name is unknown and he has not been charged with any offence. The dad and son have each been fined £2,000, while the pub’s parent company, Hellfire Entertainment, was fined £4,000. Ian said: ‘(This is) totally pedantic. The law says you are not allowed to stand up and eat and drink. ‘Obviously, that’s written because they don’t want people walking around the pub, eating drinking and transmitting the virus. ‘But this is a case of a person sitting down on a seat, and then on one occasion allegedly standing up, throwing a ball and drinking and then sitting down in the same seat. ‘They haven’t moved, but the difference is, they’re said to stand up to drink at that seat.’ Ian and Adam are planning to appeal the fines when they appear in Kirklees Magistrates’ Court on Friday. If they lose the appeal, they will have to pay £1,000 in costs as well as the original fines, and they face receiving a criminal record. Ian and Adam were already convicted of coronavirus rules earlier this year for allegedly allowing drinking past the 10pm curfew on November 4, 2020. The pair are also in the middle of appealing this fine, worth more than £4,000. Ian believes the council has a ‘vendetta’ against him which started over a dispute about a ‘derelict’ road near the pub. Kirklees Council said: ‘When Covid-19 restrictions were in place, they were there to keep us all safe. And we thank the vast majority of businesses who worked really hard to make sure these rules were followed at all times, playing a key part in reducing Covid-19 transmission. ‘We do not want to prosecute any local business, but any breach of these restrictions has to be taken incredibly seriously in the interests of public safety, irrespective of when they took place. ‘In this case some restrictions were not followed and subsequent fines were issued to the owners, which remain unpaid, resulting in the prosecution.’ It comes as the prime minister paid a £50 fine for breaching his own coronavirus restrictions and attending his own birthday party in June 2020 – when gatherings were not allowed. Boris Johnson has apologised but insists he did not realise he was breaking the rules amid claims he was ‘ambushed with a cake’ by staff. Ian said it seemed there was ‘one rule for politicians and another for local people’. He went on: ‘There is and there always has been and there always will be. ‘It’s a privilege of the wealthy, and people in those positions are always treated differently – and the council is one of those people.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.