A ‘saucy’ tomato has caused a bit of an uproar among staff at one Marks and Spencers branch, with the little fruit accused of something akin to indecent exposure. Maxine Baker was gobsmacked when she clapped eyes on the tomato while doing a quality check in the salad section. The store security and safety advisor burst out laughing when she saw it, and it was decided it looked too similar to a vulva to remain on the shelves. The 52-year-old said: ‘Oh my God, it’s hilarious, it’s tomato-saucy. ‘I was doing quality checks on the tomatoes and picked that one up, and I just absolutely cracked up. ‘I just fell about laughing when I saw it. ‘I showed a colleague of mine, she did the same. It’s brilliant, I love it. ‘I have got a really good sense of humour and I like slapstick and that was really up my street, so I thought ‘I have got to let everybody see it’. ‘I keep making up these silly things like “Now I know where cherry tomatoes come from” and “Now I know what our tomatoes get up to in the night when the store’s closed”.’ It was mum-of-two Maxine who decided the tomato was too rude to remain on the shelves. The north-west Londoner, who’s been working at the store for seven years, said: ‘I don’t think anyone would sell it but I showed a few colleagues and also my boss who thought it was hilarious too.” She added: ‘Everyone I show it to is just cracking up, and their hand goes to their mouth in embarrassment. ‘I took it off the display and brought it home and put it in the freezer to preserve it because I have to keep it, I just love it.’ Maxine has sworn to never eat the tomato because it’s ‘too sweet and cute.’ So what do you think of the offending tomato? Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Supermarkets start rationing cooking oil after shortages due to Ukraine war MORE : Woman spends only $25 on food weekly by dumpster diving in supermarket rubbish bin MORE : How to get the most out of your supermarket loyalty cards