The Ukrainian town of Borodyanka has suffered ‘significantly more dreadful’ devastation in the hands of Russia than Bucha did, president Volodymyr Zelensky has said. The past week has seen harrowing pictures emerge from Bucha, with troops suspected of killing dozens of civilians before leaving the town on March 30. Yet in Borodyanka, north west of the country’s capital Kyiv, it is thought some 300 people have been killed by Russian forces including around 50 executed. Like many besieged regions, it has faced heaving shelling leaving few buildings standing. Videos show search and rescue teams using heavy equipment to dig through the rubble of a block of flats that had collapsed in the hopes of reuniting families looking for loved ones. ‘It’s significantly more dreadful there. Even more victims from the Russian occupiers,’ Mr Zelensky said. ‘And what will happen when the world learns the whole truth about what the Russian military did in Mariupol? ‘There, on almost every street, is what the world saw in Bucha and other towns in the Kyiv region after the withdrawal of Russian troops.’ The Ukrainian Parliament wrote in a tweet: ‘The destruction in Borodyanka was considered even worse than in Irpen and Bucha. ‘The world will soon learn about the atrocities of the occupiers there, but now only one thing is clear – the village in ruins. ‘Of the 29 high-rise buildings, 21 were damaged, eight of them were completely destroyed. ‘Rescuers have been dismantling the debris for several days now, so the horrific finds will soon be known to everyone.’ Ukraine’s prosecutor general, Iryna Venediktova, said yesterday rescue workers recovered 26 bodies from underneath two destroyed apartment buildings in Borodyanka. ‘Just in the rubble of two apartment blocks, 26 bodies were recovered,’ she wrote on Facebook. ‘Only the civilian population was targeted: there is no military site here,’ she said, adding it was ‘impossible to predict’ how many more bodies would be found. She further claimed the Russians have used cluster bombs and heavy multiple rocket launchers ‘that bring death and destruction’. ‘Evidence of the Russian forces’ war crimes is at every turn,’ she wrote. ‘The enemy treacherously shelled residential infrastructure in the evenings, when there was a maximum amount of people home.’ One heartbreaking image showed a woman waiting for the bodies of her relatives to be pulled from the rubble in Borodyanka. Ukraine’s prosecutor general estimated authorities had found 650 bodies, 40 of which were children, throughout the Kyiv region – which covers Borodyanka, Bucha and Irpin among other towns and villages. Russia has denied targeting civilians in Bucha and elsewhere, accusing Ukraine and the West of staging the bodies seen from satellite images to derail negotiations. The country’s suspected actions, described as war crimes, have received much condemnation from the West leading them to impose tougher sanctions. The UK, US and European Union have since given Vladimir Putin’s two daughters – Katerina Tikhonova, 35, and Mariya Vorontsova, 36 – travel bans and asset freezes. In addition to this, the Bloc has also approved an embargo on coal imports, the first of its sanctions to target Russia’s lucrative energy industry. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.