Bird-lovers have fallen foul of Leicester City Council – after a row broke out over abandoned bread. Wardens rushed to a neighborhood in Rushey Mead on Monday after they received reports that four slices had been left on the ground. Investigations soon revealed the glutinous grub had been left out for local birds. The wardens took to Twitter to voice their frustrations. They tweeted: ‘Rushey Mead City Warden has received complaints regarding bread deposited for birds on public land. Visited and removed bread.’ The council plans to install signs and carry out early-morning patrols to combat the problem. Abandoned food, such as bread, attracts unwanted ‘vermin’, such as rats, they say. But their tactics have been likened to ‘Big Brother’ by one local politician. North West Leicestershire MP Andrew Bridgen told the Mirror: ‘It’s like communist China, stopping you feeding the birds. Big Brother is watching in Leicester when you are feeding the birds, it seems. ‘It’s a bit like the lockdowns in Shanghai right now – you can’t feed the birds. ‘Given that Leicester was one of the most locked-down places during Covid, it’s interesting that the council didn’t take that view on rule-breaking on the mayor’s breaking of lockdown to visit his partner.’ The abandoned bread had been reported to the council by local residents. A Leicester City Council spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘Our city wardens were responding to complaints from residents about this dumped food. People might think they’re helping local wildlife, but it’s more likely they are attracting rats. ‘It may seem like a minor issue but Leicester City Council spent more than £300,000 on pest control last year. ‘Councils up and down the country regularly have to spend their limited resources dealing with pest problems.’ Local authorities across the UK have been clamping down on bird feeding – and have made money in doing so. Hazel Kirby, from Bolton, was fined an ‘extortionate’ £150 fine for throwing two small crusts from a sandwich to pigeons in Manchester city centre. She said: ‘I dropped a crust to a bird – it is not the crime of the century. I do not drop litter and am a responsible citizen.’ And in London, James Watson, 68, was given a £150 fixed penalty notice by Ealing Council for throwing bird feed onto the ground then walking away. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.