The internet never forgets, and it’s very quick to jump on a scandal and make loads of memes. Within moments of Neil Parish being named as the Tory MP accused of watching porn in the House of Commons, his Wikipedia page became engulfed in chaos. Users of the online encyclopedia wasted no time in writing that he has a platinum membership to porn website Brazzers. Someone even added a section called ‘pornography career’ to his biography and listed his official website as ‘www.beanflickers.com’. Parish, who is being investigated by parliament over the allegations, was changed at one point to ‘pornish’ on the page. Meanwhile his constituency, Tiverton and Honiton, was changed to ‘Tiverton and Hornitown’. Those editing the accused MP’s page called him a ‘dirty pervert’ and listed his political party as ‘OnlyFans’, instead of the Conservative Party. Another entry called him a ‘British Conservative Party politician, farmer, and fondler’. After the flurry of online vandalism, Wikipedia posted a disclaimer on the top of the page saying ‘updates without valid and reliable references will be removed’. Putting the roasting he’s getting to one side, it’s important to remember that Mr Parish is still being investigated over the porn allegations, which have not been proven. The MP has been suspended from the parliamentary party while he is investigated, a spokesperson for the Tory Chief Whip revealed today. Speculation had been rampant for days after the two female Conservative MPs recalled the porn watching incident during a meeting about sexual harassment. It quickly became apparent the colleague was another Tory, although party chiefs had previously refused to name him. One of the women, a minister, is said to have seen Mr Parish watching the adult material on his phone as she sat next to him during a select committee hearing. She told colleagues that she thought he was aware he’d been caught but continued watching regardless, according to The Times. Responding to the allegations after being named today, Mr Parish said he would ‘cooperate’ fully with the investigation and continue to perform his duties as an MP in the mean time. Writing on his website, Mr Parish said: ‘Following recent allegations regarding an MP’s use of their mobile phone in Parliament, I have referred myself to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards in the House of Commons. ‘I will be cooperating fully with any investigation, and whilst it is ongoing I will continue to perform my duties as MP for Tiverton and Honiton.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.