Ajax have not given up hope of convincing Erik ten Hag to remain at the club and are ‘trying everything’ to persuade him to turn down a move to Manchester United. The Dutchman held several interviews with United officials last month, including new chief executive Richard Arnold, and he is believed to have verbally agreed a three-year deal with the option for a fourth. Compensation for Ten Hag is only expected to cost around £2million, though United had hoped to negotiate a fee with Ajax and avoid souring their good relationship with the Eredivisie champions. But the Dutch giants do not intend to lose Ten Hag without a fight and technical manager Gerry Hamstra has revealed that they are still speaking to the coach about extending his stay in Amsterdam despite United’s offer. Speaking ahead of Sunday’s Dutch Cup final, Hamstra told ESPN: ‘We hope he stays, but there are now only two scenarios. Our job is to stick to the facts and he’s not left yet. ‘He is focused on the present. Only Erik can determine his future. He is old enough and wise enough for that. ‘We really hope he stays, and if he does not stay we have to be ready for the second scenario.’ Asked why Ajax did not try to keep Ten Hag, Hamstra responded: ‘I can be very clear about this: we did. We did everything to… we are trying everything to keep him on board.’ Probed further on whether that extended to offering the manager a new contract, Hamstra confirmed: ‘Yes. We have tried everything. When? Recently. More money? Yes.’ He added: ‘I think Erik said he is busy with this game and that is what he is focusing on. ‘When players and coaches do well, they end up in the spotlight. That goes for Erik too. He has done a fantastic job for the past few years.’ United are confident of securing a deal for Ten Hag but did not want to announce any deal until after Sunday’s Dutch Cup final against PSV to avoid disrupting Ajax’s season. The reigning Eredivisie champions are also four points clear of their rivals in the league with five games left to play. MORE : Erik ten Hag makes offer to Robin van Persie after picking Mitchell van der Gaag as his Manchester United assistant MORE : Graeme Souness says ‘petulant’ Manchester United star Bruno Fernandes isn’t a top player and criticises Raphael Varane For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 