BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker has revealed the surprising advice he was given by Sir Alex Ferguson ahead of his move to Channel 5. The TV presenter, who has hosted BBC Breakfast since 2016, announced last week that he is leaving to join 5 News at Channel 5, replacing Sian Williams. Dan revealed that footballing legend Sir Alex gifted him some ‘lovely’ words of encouragement ahead of his ‘next challenge’ when the pair met up at the Randox Grand National Festival at Aintree last week. The Strictly star said: ‘I’ve had a long chat with Sir Alex Ferguson. It’s the first time I’ve seen him for a while and he looks very well.’ He added, to The Mirror: ‘He’s given me career advice, which was lovely. ‘He was talking about the move to Channel 5 and talking about life and accepting the next challenge. ‘When he was moving to clubs, St Mirren, Aberdeen and all those sorts of things, it’s good to get advice from good people around you.’ Dan is the latest high-profile departure from the BBC following the loss of Newsnight presenter Emily Maitlis, former North American editor Jon Sopel and veteran political interviewer Andrew Marr. Reflecting on his decision, Dan shared a photo of a picturesque sunset with his Twitter followers and wrote: ‘It is often the case that the simple truth is much duller than all the made-up “moles” and so-called “sources” claim. ‘In a nutshell… a bloke with a really good job, which he loved, got offered a really good job somewhere else which provided an amazing new challenge and the chance to make some exciting TV. ‘The bloke explained to his current employers that, even though it was a tough decision, he had decided to leave. They are now trying their best to allow him to make a dignified departure. ‘Have a great Monday. I’m off for some toast.’ Dan, 45, presented Football Focus from 2009 to 2021 and has been a fixture on the corporation’s flagship breakfast show since 2016, where he fronted with Louise Minchin until her departure in September 2021, and Sally Nugent from then onwards. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dan Walker claims ‘simple truth’ behind BBC exit is ‘much duller’ than reports MORE : Dan Walker could ‘net up to £1,500,000’ after quitting BBC Breakfast for new Channel 5 role 