‘I thought my dad would be walking me down the aisle, not wheeling me,’ my wife joked on our wedding day. We both burst into laughter. The whole day was a much needed respite from her various cancer treatments, blood clots and health problems caused by her terminal stage four pancreatic cancer diagnosis. By this point, she was living in a hospice. But all of that left our minds that day. The only thing I could think of while she was coming down the aisle was how beautiful she looked and how lucky I was to be marrying her. Exactly a month later, she was gone – leaving a huge hole in both mine and our son Isaac’s life. At least we had that one day of laughter and light throughout it all. I met Lindsay through mutual friends around seven years ago. My first impression of her was that she wasn’t your typical girly girl – she was an ex-junior olympian for Great Britain in shooting! – and we couldn’t stop making each other laugh. Our first date was at Chiquito in Sheffield, and we got along really well. After dinner, we went to a pub across the road and did a bit of karaoke – laughing at each other about how bad we were at singing. From there, we started seeing each other and about nine months later, we decided to move in together. It all happened pretty quickly but it felt right. In a nutshell, she was just a really nice person and would do anything for anybody. She worked in the care sector, then with young adults with learning disabilities, so looking out for others was just in her DNA. Lindsay was really fun to be around and her laugh was infectious – all of this is what made me fall in love with her. Four years into our relationship when she was around 35, we found out she was pregnant. It was a fairly normal pregnancy, even though she was technically classed as a ‘geriatric mother’, which is pretty brutal to hear for someone in their 30s. But towards the end of the third trimester, she noticed she was having quite a bit of pain in her hips, so she got it checked out and doctors ended up diagnosing her with symphysis pubis dysfunction (SPD), which usually occurs during pregnancy when your pelvic joints become stiff or move unevenly. She was told by doctors that it’d clear up after the birth so didn’t really think much more about it. On the day of the labour, she was fully dilated but medical staff realised the baby was in the wrong position so she had to have an emergency caesarean. Despite that little hiccup, everything ended up fine and we were so thrilled to welcome our beautiful little boy, Isaac, into the world. We finally had the family we’d always talked about. After the birth, Lindsay’s pain in her hips continued so doctors thought it might just be because of the emergency birth. She started physiotherapy and after a while, realised that wasn’t really helping. Lindsay started noticing that whenever she drank alcohol – even her favourite Jack Daniel’s – she would feel really sick. This progressed to random pains in her abdomen, which she found excruciating. So when Isaac was around a year and a half old, we took her to the hospital and they did a CT scan, which showed some ‘areas of concern’. They rushed her off to another specialty hospital and it was there that they confirmed Lindsay had stage four pancreatic cancer that had spread throughout her body. As soon as we heard the word ‘cancer’, we both felt shocked and sick to our stomachs. It was like life was coming crashing down on us. Our minds raced – was the hip and pelvic pain during her pregnancy the early signs of her cancer? We will never know for sure. Doctors basically told us that there were treatment options to prolong Lindsay’s life as much as possible but that it was terminal and we should think about end of life care. We were both in a state of shock and couldn’t really understand what was happening. She underwent chemotherapy and had a PICC line permanently inserted into her arm so that she didn’t need to have needles put in every time she had treatment. One day soon after, she was upstairs resting and she called me on the phone in a state of deliriousness to say that she had no idea where she was or what was going on. I knew something wasn’t right so I rushed her to the doctor, who said it was probably just bruising from the PICC line and sent us home to monitor the situation. The next day, I wanted a second opinion and another doctor agreed it was probably just bruising. But then a few days later, she was deteriorating so I took her to the hospital and it’s then that we found out she had a massive infection that was causing blood clots throughout her entire body. I was angry that it wasn’t picked up and that she was in pain for so long. They had to put her on constant blood thinners to keep her clots at bay. She went to Ashgate Hospice for a routine treatment and suddenly took a turn for the worse. That’s when we thought it was best for her to just stay there, even though we had a stairlift and round-the-clock carers ready to go for her return home. It was while she was staying in the hospice that we thought it might be nice to get married and feel like a family unit – if not just to take Lindsay’s mind off all the health problems she was having at the time. So with the help of the hospice, we had a small wedding ceremony because this was right in the middle of Covid-19. Lindsay loved putting on her wedding dress, getting dolled up and joking around all day. It felt like such a joyous occasion through what had been an awful experience. For the next month before her passing, she handled everything with such stoicism and humour. She vowed that she wouldn’t spend her final days feeling sorry for herself – and she honoured that. She laughed and joked with everyone in the hospice and was such a source of positivity. Unfortunately, a blood clot in her leg ended up causing massive internal bleeding and the inevitable was happening. On the morning of her death, myself and Lindsay’s sister sat by her bedside for an hour at a time, then alternated with Lindsay’s mum and dad for the next hour – due to coronavirus restrictions at the time. During the 20 seconds or so where we were all in the room ready to swap over, that’s when she stopped breathing and passed away. I think she wanted us all to be together for it. At the time, Issac was at nursery because Lindsay was adamant that she didn’t want his routine to be affected by her. He’s still too young to really process what’s happened to his mum or why she’s no longer around. But every night before bed, he says goodnight and ‘love you’ to the photo of her by his bed. He’s not going to forget who she is but I dread the moment he’ll start asking where his mum is because I’m not sure how to explain it to him yet. Life has been incredibly tough since her death, but a silver lining is Isaac. Whenever I feel sorry for myself – which I do quite a lot – I just look at him and am reminded of the love she had for him. I feel lucky to be alive and I live each day in memory of my wife – and the future of my son. Ashgate Hospice supported Lindsay and Simon Birley, you can find out more about them on their website here. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing James.Besanvalle@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : When my wife’s stomach started hurting, I had no clue that within a year I would lose my soulmate to cancer MORE : Cancer survival rates could ‘go into reverse’, damning NHS report warns MORE : Cancer diagnosis is ‘biggest health fear’ – but people are still delaying seeing a GP about symptoms