Simon Cowell has stressed that there are fewer ‘professional people’ on this year’s series of Britain’s Got Talent, despite anger from viewers over claims the show was ‘fixed’. Over the weekend, the ITV competition came back with a bang as Simon was joined once again by Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams on the judging panel after a two-year hiatus, with Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly back in the wings presenting. While some of the acts delighted audiences across the nation, including teacher Tom Ball who prompted comparisons to Susan Boyle, others irked fans after they discovered the careers they have in the real world. The Greatest Showman singer Loren Allred, who provided the vocals for the hit track Never Enough in the film, was awarded a Golden Buzzer from Amanda… but viewers weren’t happy considering the pro musician has already performed with the likes of Andrea Bocelli and Michael Bublé. Some fans were convinced the audition for singer Nick Edwards was a ‘fix’ after he delivered an impromptu performance despite already being mic’d up, although BGT has maintained that he was ‘totally unsuspecting’. After viewers were left stunned over the discovery that Golden Buzzer comedian Axel Blake already has a special on Amazon Prime Video, Simon has stated that ‘this year, there are less professional people’. ‘That’s where we started the show all those years ago,’ he told The Sun. ‘We started by opening the show to anyone regardless of a day job or hidden talent that they want to show the world.’ Simon added that they ‘don’t really have any rules on it’, saying that anyone is welcome ‘wherever you’re from, whatever you do’. The media mogul emphasised how coming on the British or American Got Talent show shines a spotlight on acts around the world, as viral audition clips ‘can be seen by hundreds of millions of people’. ‘When you get those mega clips, your career can kick off. I’m guessing it could happen with the girl who gets the golden buzzer,’ he said. Loren, who previously competed on The Voice, recently spoke out stressing that while she has been in the music industry for several years, ‘people don’t know who I am’. ‘Over all these years I’ve been fighting for my chance to be known and to make it,’ she said. The singer explained that while Never Enough ‘was a big success’ from The Great Showman, ‘people still think that the actress sang it’, after Rebecca Ferguson mimed the tune in the movie. ‘I have never gotten the opportunity to tell my story. That’s never happened for me,’ she said. ‘I am an unsigned, independent artist still trying to make a name for myself.’ Britain’s Got Talent returns on Saturday at 8pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent viewers baffled by editing blunder as David Walliams appears in two places at once: ‘Didn’t know he had a twin’ MORE : ‘I can’t be replaced!’ Amanda Holden’s warning to Simon Cowell ‘after coming out of coma’ for Britain’s Got Talent return 