There’s so much to love about DIY, but wading into that world for the very first time can be intimidating. From saving money to unleashing your creative side, DIY is so satisfying. However, it’s one thing to have a go at making something, but it’s quite another when that something is going to make a permanent change to your home – for better or for worse. And when you’ve got that drill in your hand for the first time, it’s hard not to think about how much money mistakes might cost you. For anyone looking to dip a toe into DIY for the very first time, we’ve got step-by-step instructions from Thomas Goodman, construction expert at MyJob Quote.co.uk. This is how to do it right and do it fearlessly. For the first step, Thomas says you’ve got to figure out the size and depth of the hole you’ve got to drill. ‘When you use screws,’ he explains, ‘it’s important to make use of pilot holes to stop the wood from splitting. The diameter of the drill bit for the pilot hole needs to be the same size as the screw that you’re using, without the threads. ‘There are different types of drill bits. Some are used for driving screws, and others are used for cutting small or large holes into wood. If you know the type of project that you are working on and the size of the holes that are needed, this will give you an idea of the size and type of drill bit that you need.’ Now it’s time to fit it into the drill. ‘Do this by loosening the chuck by twisting it counterclockwise,’ says Thomas. ‘This will widen the diameter of the jaw pieces that clamp onto the drill bit. ‘Insert the smooth part of the drill bit into the jaws and then re-tighten the chuck until everything is secure. Make sure the drill bit is in the centre and ensure the haws clamp onto the flat sides of the shank. ‘Also, ensure you don’t secure the jaws around the flutes of the drill bit, as this can increase the risk of it breaking.’ Now, you need to make sure everything is in ship-shape with the other parts of the drill. Thomas explains: ‘Start by ensuring the battery is completely charged as a low charged drill can lead to ineffective drilling. ‘Check the speed settings. Low speeds are used for driving screws into the material, and faster speeds are used for drilling holes. You will use the faster speeds for most projects and may use the slower setting for drilling larger or deep holes into the wood with a twist drill bit. ‘Make sure the direction setting is correct. You need to drill clockwise if you’re cutting or screwing into the material and counterclockwise if you’re unscrewing or removing the bit. ‘Also, take a look at the dial around the chuck. These numbers will indicate the torque settings, and this is useful for when you’re driving screws. If the number is too low, the drill may stop spinning and will make a clicking noise under low pressure. If the torque is too high, the screw bit may slip against the top of the screw, which may end up rounding off the screw head.’ Next, you’ll want to make sure anything you’re drilling is secured so that it can be kept still while you work. ‘Make sure any material you’re drilling into is secured to something sturdy with either a vice or clamps,’ advises Thomas. ‘It’s also useful to clamp a piece of scrap wood under the material as this allows for a cleaner edge when the drill exits. Make sure there is enough clearance, so you don’t end up drilling into the table or vice. ‘Mark precise holes onto the material where you will be drilling, so you know where to drill.’ Now, it’s crunch time. ‘When drilling the hole,’ says Thomas, ‘make sure the tip of the drill bit is touching the material before you turn the drill on. The drill bit also needs to be at the appropriate angle before starting. In most cases, you’ll drill straight through the material, so the drill bit will need to be perpendicular to the material. ‘Pull the trigger on the drill and start slowly drilling. Once the drill bit cuts slightly into the material, you can then speed up and apply pressure until you have cut right through the material. ‘Once through, make sure the drill is spinning in the same direction and pull out the drill bit. This helps to clean up the freshly-drilled hole.’ The last step is to simply make sure you’re happy with your drilling. ‘If the drilled hole was for a fastener,’ says Thomas, ‘ensure the fastener fits into the hole easily. If not, go through the hole again with a slightly larger bit. ‘Once you’ve drilled all of the holes, remove the drill bit and put it away. Put the drill away and vacuum any dust or chips off the work surface or the ground.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : A beginner’s guide to electrical wires – and how to navigate them in DIY MORE : DIY mum transforms ‘boring’ bathroom in one day for just £28 MORE : YouTuber shares step-by-step tutorial to make a cat toy that will keep your pet entertained for hours