Television host Bill Maher has been heavily criticised for comments he made about Jada Pinkett Smith following the Oscars slap involving Will Smith and Chris Rock. In case you missed it, Will stormed the stage at the awards ceremony and slapped comedian Chris after he likened Jada to the fictional action character GI Jane, who shaves her head. Jada has previously spoken out about suffering from alopecia, an autoimmune disorder that causes hair loss. On Friday, the TV host commented on Jada’s condition during an episode of HBO’s Real Time with Bill Maher, where he told the Girls Trip actress to ‘just put on a f***ing wig.’ He further downplayed her condition by saying she’s ‘lucky’ that this is her medical problem, stating that it is ‘part of ageing’. ‘I mean, alopecia, it’s not leukaemia, OK?’ Bill said at the start his show, adding: ‘Alopecia is when your hair falls out – there are worse things.’ Later in the episode he returned back to the topic and said: ‘If you are so lucky in life as to have that be your medical problem, just say “Thank God.” ‘It’s not life-threatening. ‘It’s part of – for most people, 80% of men, 50% of women – it’s part of ageing.’ He added that ageing ‘happens to all of us’. ‘And you know, just put on a f***ing wig like everybody else at the Oscars if it bothers you so much.’ People have taken to Twitter to slam Bill’s ‘seriously insensitive and ignorant’ comments. One person wrote: ‘This is truly despicable. I understand the blow back and some of your position, but alopecia isn’t something we should make light of. Grow up old man.’ Another person added: ‘Your comments about Jada are disgusting. You should be ashamed talking about a woman like that.’ Jada first revealed in 2018 that she suffered from alopecia in an episode of her Red Table Talk, where she admitted ‘having issues with hair loss,’ and described her situation as ‘terrifying’. She said: ‘It was one of those times in my life where I was literally shaking with fear.’ The star went on to embrace her condition, cutting her hair shorter until eventually going all out with a buzz cut in 2021, which she still wears today. Jada debuted the style in an Instagram post captioned: ‘Willow made me do it because it was time to let go.’ Since the viral Oscars moment, Will has announced he would be resigning from the Academy, saying in a statement shared via Variety: ‘The list of those I have hurt is long and includes Chris, his family, many of my dear friends and loved ones, all those in attendance, and global audiences at home. ‘I betrayed the trust of the Academy. I deprived other nominees and winners of their opportunity to celebrate and be celebrated for their extraordinary work. I am heartbroken.’ He added: ‘I want to put the focus back on those who deserve attention for their achievements and allow the Academy to get back to the incredible work it does to support creativity and artistry in film.’ Will concluded: ‘Change takes time and I am committed to doing the work to ensure that I never again allow violence to overtake reason.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Bill Maher’s representatives for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bill Maher defends Matt Damon following backlash over homophobic F-slur: ‘Why is this guy always in the doghouse?’ MORE : Bill Maher claims Olympics are ‘more woke’ than Oscars and calls cancel culture ‘an insanity swallowing the world’ 