Donald Trump has warned the world is heading for nuclear war if ‘stupid’ leaders aren’t careful, saying he would tell Vladimir Putin ‘we have far more powerful weapons than you’ if he were still in charge. The former US president stuck to his assertion that he could have prevented the Russian invasion of Ukraine tonight in a heavily anticipated interview with Piers Morgan. When asked if he threatened the Russian leader with US nuclear arms while in power, he refused to give a definitive answer but added: ‘I threatened him like he has never been threatened before. ‘I told him what our response would be, and he said, “Really”. And I said, “Really”.’ Talk TV viewers were treated to further strange twists as Mr Trump applauded Mr Putin’s military and negotiation strategies when he positioned more than 100,000 troops on the Ukrainian border before February’s attack. ‘When he built up soldiers on the border, I said that is a very smart, brilliant move because I thought he was negotiating. When he went in, I said it’s no longer a brilliant move’, he said. His comments came just seconds before he was forced to agree with Mr Morgan that the Russian president is a ‘genocidal monster’. Speaking of how sitting president Joe Biden and other state heads are dealing with the war, he warned ‘the world is going to be blown to pieces’ – adding ‘you have a lot of stupid people leading it’. ‘Our leaders are not smart, and if they are not smart, we can potentially end up in a nuclear war’, he said. ‘This is the beginning. I have been the best predictor of things ever. It doesn’t have to happen. I think they are dealing with him incorrectly. ‘It is like they are speaking with fear. We have one weapon alone that could destroy everything.’ Questioned on how exactly he would deal with Putin, he replied: ‘I would say we have far more (nuclear weapons) than you do, far more powerful than you and you can’t use that word ever again. ‘You cannot use the nuclear word ever again. And if you do, we’re going to have problems.’ One of the most bizarre moments saw the Republican criticising Mr Putin for using ‘the N-word’ – not the racist slur but instead the Russian leader’s threats of nuclear retaliation. Mr Trump said: ‘I call it the “N-word”. He uses the “N-word”, the nuclear word, all the time. That’s a no-no. You’re not supposed to do that.’ Mr Trump also alleged he went head-to-head with Kim Jong-un during his one term in office, threatening him with ‘a bigger than his red nuclear button on his desk’. According to the ex-president, the North Korean leader was really impressed, telling him that ‘no one has talked to us this way’. Tuesday evening will see more of the chat, which is set to see Mr Trump storming off set during a heated argument with the TV personality. His controversial appearance in the new UK programme comes just hours after a New York judge held him in contempt for his ‘repeated delays and failures’ to comply with an investigation into his business practices. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.