Former Kings and Queens of the jungle may be returning in an all-star spin-off that could air next year. ITV is reportedly planning a two-week I’m A Celebrity Get Me Out of Here special, which would be recorded in South Africa in July and is planned to be shown in 2023 after viewers get the usual fun in November. Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly will of course be hosting, having done so for the last 20 years. A show source told Metro.co.uk: ‘The team behind I’m A Celebrity are making a brand new spin-off of the hit series, this time set in South Africa. It will be hosted by Ant and Dec and will feature the most loved, favourite campmates from previous years.’ ‘The show is still very much based in the world of I’m A Celeb. The campmates will be doing trials and living in the camp environment, but with fresh and exciting new twists on the format,’ they added. ‘The campmates will have a hand in their own destiny through a series of internal votes and challenges.’ Over the last two decades, the jungle (and Welsh castle) have welcomed everyone from Gemma Collins to Caitlyn Jenner, but who could be set for a return for the all-star special? Katie’s already made two appearances on I’m A Celeb, so why not a third? The model first took the jungle by storm in the third series, where she was joined by the likes of Kerry Katona, before returning in 2009, where she withdrew after nine days of bushtucker trials. Katie already shared on Instagram today that she’d be down to return, and we’d love to see her back! In fact, seeing as she met her ex-husband on the show… Peter also gave the competition a go in series three, with Katie (known then as Jordan). Famously, the pair hit it off in the camp, starting a relationship and eventually marrying and having two children together, before their very public split in 2009. So for all the good TV drama, why not bring them both back together? Alison appeared on the 10th series of I’m A Celeb, where she finished in 10th place, but given another chance we’re sure she’d be even more enthusiastic and leave us in hysterics as she battles the crawlies. Although we’d love to see her back doing bushtucker trials, Alison admitted on This Morning today that she’s not up for returning, saying: ‘Oh nah, I don’t think I would do it.’ When she was quizzed on what the toughest part was when she had taken part, she said: ‘For me, just not being able to go and have a shower when I wanted.’ Who better to add to the camp than Joey who, from his time on the show, brought us lessons on telling the time and some of the funniest facial expressions when he was forced to do the eating challenges. Before joining the competition, Joey said: ‘I would like to think that I would be the joker of the camp,’ and he certainly was, as fans will remember him calling water cannisters ‘manbags’, thinking it was snowing in the jungle and making up the word ‘confrontate’. The Towie star finished in fourth place of the 13th series, where he lost out to Westlife singer Kian Egan. But that didn’t stop him trying again, as earlier this year, Joey took part in the Australian version of the show, where he was eliminated in seventh place. Maybe it’ll be third time lucky? Every group needs its troublemaker, and Amir showed us he was one when he convinced Iain Lee to steal their Dingo Dollar strawberries and eat them in secret. While we wouldn’t trust him with our Dingo Dollar treats, he’d certainly bring a cheekier side to the camp and who knows what mischief he’d get up to in an all-star special? The boxer featured on the 17th series, along with Rebekah Vardy and Dennis Wise. Queen of the jungle herself, Stacey is a must for us. She was crowned in the 10th series of the competition, and gave us iconic moments like when she pelted comedian Dom Joly in the face to try and get him involved in her secret mission. The Loose Women panellist also met her husband Joe Swash and fellow jungle royalty alumni through the show, and we can already tell they’d be the mum and dad of the group. Joe was crowned King of the Jungle two years before this now-wife Stacey took her place on the thrown. The year after, the EastEnders star returned to Australia for the spin-off series I’m a Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here, NOW! which he co-presented with the likes of Caroline Flack and Laura Whitmore. In 2016, the spin-off was renamed to Extra Camp, which Joe remained a co-presenter on until 2019. What we’d really love to see is Joe and Stacey battling it out on those challenges… Queen of The Chase Anne Hegerty made an attempt to be crowned queen of the jungle in series 18. However, she finished in seventh place, with Harry Redknapp crowned the winner that year. During her time on the show, Anne opened up about being autistic and received so much love and support from her fellow campmates. ‘I didn’t raise the autism issue… I try not to do that. But if someone else raises it I make it clear I’m happy to talk about it,’ she said at the time. ‘I really appreciate how nice and sympathetic they’ve been to me and how supportive they are. And it’s nice they say I pick up social cues because I’m never quite sure that I entirely do.’ Inbetweeners star Emily Atack was an instant hit with viewers, and finished in second place on series 18, with Anne and Harry. She then joined Joel Dommett and Adam Thomas as an Extra Camp presenter and became even more of a fan favourite, so we’d love to see her back too. Back when she was on I’m A Celeb, Emily hadn’t ruled out finding love in the jungle, so who knows what romance could flourish if she returned? Happy Mondays singer Shaun featured on the 10th series of I’m A Celeb, where he came in second place to Stacey. Some may recall Shaun had a tumultuous relationship with celebrity nutritionist Gillian McKeith during their time in the jungle together, leading to moments when he had just had enough and shouted at his fellow campmates. Who doesn’t love the drama? If there was anyone that would keep his fellow campmates under control, it would be Shaun. Dean, known for his role as Robbie Jackson on EastEnders, appeared in the sixth series, and was eliminated in eighth place. One of the most iconic moments across all series is when Dean left viewers (and Ant and Dec) in hysterics in a memorable Temple of Doom trial. Now would be the perfect time for him to make a comeback and leave us in hysterics once again as he screams his way through trials. Last but not least, there’s no one quite like Gino. The Italian chef featured on series nine and beat Kim Woodburn and Jimmy White to be crowned King of the Jungle, providing many hilarious moments along the way. After the show, Gino and his fellow campmate Stuart Manning were actually charged by the Australian police with animal cruelty for killing and cooking a rat in camp. However, the charges were dropped after ITV accepted responsibility for the incident. We can only imagine what Gino would do this time around! I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here returns to ITV later this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price pleads with ITV for spot on I’m A Celebrity All Stars spin-off and this has to happen: ‘Get me in!’ MORE : Kate Garraway addresses possibility of I’m A Celebrity return in all-star series: ‘I could redeem myself!’ 