Jenie Fuerte, 34, decided to put lockdown to good use by boosting her savings, channelling the money she’d normally spend on socialising and travelling towards a deposit. She’d previously been living in a house share in Ealing and had always intended to become a homeowner, having opened a Help to Buy Isa in 2018. Now closed to new applications – though the Lifetime Isa is similar – the Help to Buy Isa gives buyers a 25% bonus on their savings when completing on a property. Last year Jenie purchased a 25% share in a one-bedroom shared ownership apartment at SO Resi Ealing, and is thrilled to have escaped the uncertainly of renting. Shared ownership is available to people with a good credit history and a household income of no more than £90,000 (£80,000 outside London). They buy a share in the property that’s repaid via a mortgage, while the balance is taken care of by subsidised rent to a housing association. A deposit is only needed for the stake purchased, which ranges from 25 -75% of the value, though the minimum is set to drop to 10%, and they can increase their shareholding later on, in a process called staircasing. ‘I had been in a houseshare for two years, and whilst it was fine temporarily, it became a nightmare from the first lockdown,’ says Jenie, who works in a central London hospital. ‘It was hard not having my own space, and dealing with a challenging landlord was very stressful. The pandemic gave me the push I needed to really focus on my savings and secure a place of my own where I could make my own rules and do as I please!’ She was drawn to SO Resi Ealing by its affordability, amount of space and convenient location. ‘The outdoor space was really appealing – balconies are nice and big and the rooftop garden is amazing,’ she continues. ‘Location-wise the development is perfect as it’s within a short walk of both West Ealing and Ealing Broadway stations, and I’m close to many shops and restaurants. ‘A lot of money is going into Ealing at the moment with new housing, retail and of course Crossrail, and you can really see the future potential of the area. It’s very much up and coming, and I am confident that I have made a good investment. ‘For me, the most important thing is that I feel happy and comfortable in my home, and shared ownership has allowed me to do this. ‘I now have the security of owning and I don’t have the uncertainty that comes with renting. I would recommend shared ownership to buyers like me on single incomes, as it offers a realistic route onto the property ladder.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How shared ownership works – according to people who bought through the scheme MORE : How these three people used buying at auction to create million pound homes MORE : The dos and don’ts of haggling when buying a house