Tributes have poured in for a British dad killed in Ukraine while reportedly fighting Russian troops. Scott Sibley, 36, has been named as the first British national killed in Putin’s war. Another Brit who has not been identified is missing, the Foreign Office has said. It is thought that the pair had been fighting against Russia as volunteers in support of Ukraine’s military. The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO) did not provide any details on what the men had been doing in Ukraine. Earlier, an FCDO spokesperson said: ‘We can confirm that a British national has been killed in Ukraine and are supporting their family.’ On the second British man, the spokesperson said: ‘We are aware of a British national who is missing in Ukraine and are supporting their family. We are urgently seeking further information.’ Now, a fundraising page has been set up for Mr Sibley, a veteran of the British armed forces. His friend, Craig, who set up the page, wrote: ‘To me he was a friend like no other and the bravest person I’ve had the pleasure to have known, he was as good as a brother to me. ‘His life may have been cut short but he lived to the full and did things the Sibs way, right until the end.’ Mr Sibley’s former unit, the Logistic Support Squadron, also, paid tribute to him on its official Facebook page following the news of his death. The post said: ‘This week the Sqn has lost a former serving soldier. A man that showed Commando spirit until the end. RIP. Scott Sibley.’ Another friend Alex Darwin, who served with him, wrote on a Facebook post: ‘I’m in complete disbelief. ‘What a pleasure to have served alongside you, to know you & to of experienced your kind nature. ‘You were there for me, & I will forever be grateful. ‘One hell of a beautiful guy, inside & out! Stand down, Scott Sibley.’ Another friend said: ‘Scott Sibley you were a good friend, and funny as hell. ‘You will be missed by everyone who ever met you that’s for sure. ‘Until the big re-org in the sky brother. Stand down soldier, your duty is over. RIP, It’s our stag now.’ The government did not say when Mr Sibley was killed or when the other man went missing. Multiple reports said they are believed to have been fighting in support of Ukrainian forces. When the war broke out, Ukraine asked for foreign volunteers to travel to the country and fight against the Russian invasion. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss initially said she supported those who wished to fight before later backtracking. The advice from the UK government has always been that people should not join the frontline, they can support Ukraine in other ways. But around 150 Brits are thought to have headed out to fight anyway, including  veterans and Britons without combat experience. A small number of serving British personnel are also believed to have gone absent without leave to join the resistance against the Russian invasion. News of the causality comes just over a week after two British soldiers were captured by Russian forces while fighting in Ukraine. Shaun Pinner and Aiden Aslin were paraded on Russian TV, pleading Boris Johnson for a prisoner exchange, after they were captured in the besieged city of Mariupol. Both men have lived in Ukraine with their partners for four years, and were serving in a unit of Ukrainian marines. They have asked to be swapped for Viktor Medvedchuk, a Ukrainian politician who is close to Vladimir Putin. But asked by Sky News’ Kay Burley about the potential for this exchange, Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis said: ‘We’re actually going through the process of sanctioning people who are close to the Putin regime. ‘We’re not going to be looking at how we can help Russia, we’re looking to actually ensure that the Putin regime is unsuccessful in this abhorrent invasion and we’ll continue to do everything we can to support the Ukrainian people and the Ukrainian president and government to defeat Putin.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.