Simon Cowell was seen sporting a wrist brace this weekend, two months on from his second serious bike crash, which left him with a broken arm. The music mogul was seen wearing the support on Saturday outside the America’s Got Talent studios in Pasadena, California. Arriving in a grey jersey top and matching tracksuit bottoms, the judge also sported trainers, a black face mask and aviator style sunglasses. Spotting photographers outside the building, he gave one of his trademark cheery thumbs up with his injured hand, then making it into a double with his unaffected arm. Fellow show judges Sofia Vergara and Heidi Klum were also photographed arriving at the taping. Modern Family star Sofia looked glamorous in bright pink lipstick, cat’s-eye sunglasses and a leopard face-print shirt and trousers. Meanwhile Heidi opted for large white shades, a metallic silver bomber jacket and pale denim jeans. Simon – who was also seen with a purple plaster cast on his arm in early March, after originally being given a bright yellow one – suffered the crash in early February. His second electric bike crash in 18 months, Simon confessed shortly afterwards that he was ‘a bit of a nutter’ and told MailOnline: ‘I’m OK. I’m feeling much better thank you. It happened just round the corner.’ The star was said to have taken a tumble over the bike’s handlebars while out riding near his London home, The Sun said. The accident followed a crash in August 2020 in the US, which saw him break his back and undergo six hours of surgery which involved having a metal rod inserted. A source told the publication that The X Factor boss, who was not wearing a helmet, was ‘lucky to be alive’ and that passers-by had stopped to help him. The 62-year-old vowed that he had ‘learnt his lesson’ after the crash, which he called ‘actually quite boring’, as he revealed son Eric gave him ‘the biggest telling off’ for sporting the appropriate headwear. Britain’s Got Talent judging colleague Amanda Holden cheekily bought Simon a pair of stabilisers as a gag gift shortly after the accident, but the TV star’s run of bad luck continued after he tested positive for Covid-19 shorty after his crash and was forced to miss auditions for the show. BGT has since been confirmed as returning later this month after two years off screen thanks to being cancelled in 2021 due to the pandemic. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ryan Reynolds dashes onto pitch to hug goal-scoring hero as Wrexham AFC reach FA Trophy final at Wembley MORE : Ant and Dec baffled after Alan Partridge savagely shades P&O Ferries during Saturday Night Takeaway 