Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick ‘killed’ Marcus Rashford with his team selection against Leicester City, according to Gary Neville. Despite Cristiano Ronaldo missing the Premier League clash through illness, Rashford was only named on United’s bench, with Bruno Fernandes playing as a false nine. Given United’s shortage of options up front, Neville was surprised by Rashford’s omission and says the decision would have ‘killed him’. Rashford was considering his future at Old Trafford after being left out of last month’s Manchester derby defeat to City and speculation over his future looks set to intensify following his latest setback. Manchester United could only draw 1-1 with Leicester City as they lost more ground in the battle for a Champions League spot and continued to flatter to deceive under interim boss Rangnick. Asked about Rashford’s omission following the Old Trafford stalemate, Neville told Sky Sports: ‘I was struggling a little bit with it before the game without the centre forward. ‘That’s killed Marcus Rashford today… not playing in that team. ‘I know he’s been poor, I know he’s lacked confidence but for Cristiano Ronaldo to pull out this morning and for Paul Pogba to go in and change the system of play and the way in which the game has been approached and not just put Marcus Rashford in as a striker as a straight swap having trained with the players the last 10 days… ‘Overall, there’s too many things at this club that are uncertain.’ Explaining his team selection, United interim manager Rangnick said: ‘The question was whether to start with Marcus or with Bruno as false nine plus Paul Pogba in midfield. ‘We decided to go with the latter and then when we still needed a goal after 60 minutes, we decided to go for a central striker. It’s obvious that Marcus is not full of confidence and it’s a difficult time for him.’ Manchester United produced another underwhelming performance against Brendan Rodgers’ Leicester and had Fred to thank as his second-half goal cancelled out Kelechi Iheanacho’s opener. Rangnick added: ‘If I look at the whole lot, I think the performance was OK. ‘Both teams had chances and then in the last 15 minutes, we had two or three good chances to score the winner. Overall, if we are honest, a draw is OK.’ Manchester United, who could be seven and four points behind Arsenal and Tottenham respectively come Monday night, return to action next weekend against struggling Everton. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 