This is the last picture taken of a mum smiling at her disabled nine-year-old daughter before allegedly administering a lethal dose of ketamine. Roula Pispirigou, 33, has been charged with killing her daughter Georgina, who was tetraplegic – a form of paralysis – after suffering seizures in April 2021. She died in January after spending eight months in hospital, but a test of her muscle tissue revealed the presence of the anaesthetic although it had not been prescribed by doctors. Nurses later confirmed Pispirigou had been left alone with her daughter shortly before Georgina’s death in January this year. Pispirigou appeared in court last week and has been jailed in Korydallos Prison, Athens, until her trial date which has not yet been set. She strongly denies the accusations. Tissue samples from her two other children who died in recent years are now also being re-examined. Malena, 3, died from liver failure in 2019 and Iris died in 2021 from a suspected heart defect at the age of just six months. Forensic pathologist and president of the Forensics Union in Greece, Grigoris Leon, told local news station Syndeseis the exhumation of her other children may indicate ‘criminal acts were the cause of death’. He told the Greek City Times: ‘We had two initial reports [when the children died] that show the pathological cause of death. ‘The first shows liver deficiency and the second heart malformation in the aorta as well as pulmonary embolism. ‘As you can understand, pathological causes do not go along with findings pointing towards criminal acts which is why re-evaluations are being made by my colleagues. ‘Essentially, here the old causes of death will have to be overturned and this is the only way we can be led to the truth and be able to find justice. ‘Until the cause of death officially changes on the report we obviously can’t continue the conversation.’ A computer tablet which was buried with Georgina was retrieved on Saturday morning in case it could provide further evidence. It was buried with the schoolgirl as Pispirigou claimed ‘it was her favourite item’. Court documents seen by local media reportedly said the autopsy showed Georgina died from a lethal dose of ketamine less than 20 minutes after it was administered. Medical staff had last visited the nine-year-old around an hour before she died. Georgina’s dad, Manos Daskalakis, has told lawyers he supports the case against his estranged wife. But Pispirigou’s mum, speaking to local news publication STAR, said she did not believe her daughter capable of killing the three children. She said the pair had a close mother-daughter relationship and added Pispirigou was ‘extremely upset’ over Georgina’s illness and death. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.