Lewis Hamilton has admitted that the changes Mercedes have made to his car haven’t improved its performance, after a disappointing day of practice ahead of the Australian Grand Prix. The seven-time world champion finished Friday’s second practice session way down in 13th, one-and-a-half seconds slower than leader Charles Leclerc of Ferrari, while teammate George Russell didn’t fare much better in 11th. Mercedes have been off the pace since the start of the season, with Ferrari and Red Bull emerging as the teams to beat, but while Hamilton still managed to finish on the podium in the opening race in Bahrain, it was clear that a lot of work needed to be done to get the Silver Arrows back to the front of the grid. Hamilton and Russell’s W13 is suffering from ‘porpoising’ issues where the car bounces up and down on the track uncontrollably, and until this issue is fixed there is little that either driver can do. Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff already admitted that there was no quick solution to the matter but nevertheless work has been done on the car since the last race in Saudi Arabia a fortnight ago, but as evidenced by Friday’s timings not much has changed. ‘I feel good, I feel ok, it was just a difficult session,’ Hamilton said after practice was over. ‘It is just nothing you change on the car makes a difference at the moment so that is the difficult thing. You get in very optimistic and then you make changes, and it doesn’t seem to be wanting to improve. ‘We made some changes going into FP2. FP1 was better and FP2 was harder for us. I don’t know, just a tricky car.’ Australia is only the third race of the season so there is time for Mercedes to turn the car around and Hamilton remains confident that the performance will improve but concedes that they will need to be patient. ‘I don’t think that it will be tricky to find our way back. There is just not a lot we can do. This is the way it is, so we just have to drive with it. ‘That is the frustrating thing because you are trying to push and when you do a decent lap, you are 1.2 seconds down, so it is just difficult.’ Qualifying for the Australian Grand Prix gets underway on Saturday at 7am, while the race starts on Sunday at 6am. MORE : Lewis Hamilton set to struggle at Australian Grand Prix with Mercedes not bringing F1 upgrades MORE : George Russell and Toto Wolff issue Mercedes warning ahead of Australian Grand Prix For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 