Tom Parker’s bandmates from The Wanted have posted an emotional video tribute to him, following the late singer’s funeral today. The four-and-a-half minute compilation video showed various clips of Parker and his bandmates, who formed the group in 2009, ending with the message ‘we love you brother’. ‘Sleep Well Brother x,’ the band said on their official Twitter account, posting a link to the video on YouTube. Set to a piano-backed version of the band’s hit track Gold Forever, which Parker sang the opening line on, the clips included behind-the-scenes snapshots of the band during their recent tour and reunion, as well as their early days and bits from official music videos. It showed plenty of laugh and love between Parker and bandmates, Max George, Siva Kaneswaran, Jay McGuiness and Nathan Sykes, as they took part in shows and photoshoots together while Parker was fighting his stage four brain tumour. He died on March 30 at the age of 33, following his diagnosis in October 2020. During the video, the singer is seen sitting on the sofa with his phone, glancing up at the camera to laugh: ‘I have no idea what we’re doing. I know we’re doing a video, I’m here for it, and that’s all that counts.’ Parker’s widow, Kelsey, paid tribute to the star as her ‘soulmate’ during his funeral in a pre-recorded message, saying: ‘Marrying you was the best day of my life.’ Family and close friends, including Liam Payne from One Direction, attended the private ceremony at St Francis of Assisi church in Petts Wood, south-east London on Wednesday morning. Jay, Max, Siva and Nathan served as pallbearers, carrying his coffin into the church as Champagne Supernova by Oasis played to fans gathered outside around three big screens that livestreamed the service, after Kelsey invited people to pay their respects outside. Max agave an emotional speech, beginning with a joke referencing the band being pallbearers: ‘I could actually hear him saying, “It’s about time”, as he carried us for the last 12 years. ‘Tom was always a brother, he made such an impact from the start. His love for music and striving for success outmatched all of us.’ He joked that Parker had been the only member of The Wanted to have had a ‘punch-up’ with all his bandmates, prompting laughter from attendees. Siva also spoke, hailing Parker’s ‘big Boltonian heart’ before adding: ‘He was never afraid to stand up for what was right, no matter the risk.’ In the weeks before his death, Parker reunited with his bandmates for their delayed reunion tour. In his last Instagram post before his death, Parker shared his love for his friends, posting a photo of them together on stage. He wrote in the caption: ‘Dream Team ❤️’. Parker and Kelsey had been married since 2018 and welcomed their son, Bodhi, in October last year. Their daughter, Aurelia Rose, was born in 2019. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : James Argent supported by ex-girlfriend Lydia Bright as former Towie stars attend The Wanted singer Tom Parker’s funeral MORE : Queen’s love of horses captured in new photo marking 96th birthday 