Shocking text messages that Johnny Depp sent about wife Amber Heard were revealed in court as their defamation trial continued. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor was on the stand on Thursday at the Fairfax County District Court for the latest day of the case, when his friendship with fellow star Paul Bettany was discussed. Heard’s lawyer, Ben Rottenborn, asked if Bettany was a ‘good friend you’ve done drugs with’, with Depp noting that it was a ‘strange question’ but confirmed that they are ‘good’ friends, and had done drugs together ‘at times’. The attorney then read messages that he had sent Bettany throughout the course of their friendship, regarding the Aquaman actress. In one message, on June 11, 2013, he penned: ‘Let’s burn Amber!!!’ ‘You see that?,’ the lawyer said, to which Depp replied: ‘I do see that.’ Rottenborn continued: ‘You didn’t stop. The next text down says, “Let’s drown her before we burn her!!!” I read that right?’ The actor said yes, before the lawyer apologized to the court for the language in other messages. In the following post Depp sent Bettany, he wrote: ‘I will f**k her burnt corpse afterward to make sure she is dead.’ Depp clarified that he read the message correctly, and that they were sent about Heard before they were married. In a later series of messages, sent after a flight from Boston to LA in 2014 – where Heard alleged that he was abusive and drunk – he vowed to ‘properly stop the booze’. ‘I’m gonna properly stop the booze thing darling. Drank all night before I picked Amber up to fly to LA. Ugly mate. No food for days. Powders, half a bottle whiskey, thousand red bulls, pills, two bottles of champagne,’ the message to Bettany – which the lawyer transcribed – read. He described himself as an ‘angry agro engine in a blackout’ who was ‘screaming obscene’ things, adding that he’s ‘admittedly too f**ked in the head to spray my rage at the one I love for little reason as well, I’m too old to be that guy but pills are fine.’ Rottenborn again clarified whether he’d read the message right, with Depp stating that he had. The court also heard of posts sent on January 17, 2013, where he described Heard as an ‘idiot cow’, with one message reading: ‘Will do I’ll smack the ugly c*** around before I let her in, don’t worry’. ‘Did that worthless h**ker arrive,’ another read – but it was not specified who these were sent to. In 2015, Depp contacted Heard’s sister, Whitney, describing his ex as a ‘filthy w***e’ while they were married. Questioned on whether he ‘tries to conduct himself as a gentleman’, Depp insisted that he did. ‘That was essentially when you have deep deep roots in the south and Kentucky, it’s not just your parents, it’s your grandparents, raised to be southern gentleman, when chivalry was still alive,’ he added on the standards of a Southern gentleman. The former couple met on the set of The Rum Diary in 2011, and tied the knot four years later – before divorcing in 2016. Depp is suing Heard for libel over a 2018 article she wrote in The Washington Post, titled: ‘I spoke up against sexual violence — and faced our culture’s wrath. That has to change’. The article does not mention him by name, but his lawyers alleged that it falsely implies he physically and sexually abused her during their relationship. Heard is countersuing for $100million (£76m) claiming Depp libeled her by calling her a liar. The trial continues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: ‘Best dog act ever’ have already been finalists on another Got Talent stage MORE : Keith Allen talks his new Pinter adaptation The Homecoming and ‘violently expunging from both ends’ 