A 38-year-old man who sexually assaulted a teenager in front of her friends and laughed as she recounted the ordeal in court has been jailed. Delovan Najeeb, also known as Najeed, followed the girl through Manchester’s busy Picadilly Gardens before assaulting her last summer. She described how he ‘grabbed’ her body and ‘trapped’ her under his arm in the attack, which has left her suffering panic attacks and nightmares ever since. The victim, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was forced to relive the experience twice in Manchester Crown Court after Najeeb was put on trial and then appealed his guilty verdict. A judge branded him a ‘blight on the city centre’ after it emerged he had a previous conviction for an offence committed in ‘almost identical circumstances’ while ‘drinking to excess’. Addressing Najeeb, who appeared in court by video link, the victim said: ‘Some people might say that what you did was a low level sexual assault, and you probably think that yourself. ‘When you came up to me and grabbed me I felt terrified. By the way you had your arm around me I could not get away and I was trapped. ‘I was a child, and you, an adult man, had trapped me. You could do what you wanted to me. I couldn’t get away and you knew it, it made me feel sick. I didn’t know what you were going to do or how I could make you stop. ‘You may think your freedom has been taken away, but mine has too. One day you will get your freedom back, but who knows if I ever will.’ Describing the impact of the court ordeal, she added: ‘In court I have had to questioned and grilled about the ordeal you put me through, because you wouldn’t admit to what you had done. While I was doing that, what did you do? You laughed at me. ‘While listening to how scared and violated you made me feel, you didn’t feel sorry or remorseful, you thought it was funny. It was so awful having to relive it all with you laughing at me. ‘What I was going through didn’t matter, only you mattered. Maybe you were being strategic. Whatever the reason, my trauma and distress clearly meant nothing to you. ‘You have deliberately made me relive my trauma over and over, and you have laughed at me while I was subjected to this. You are a dangerous man who has shown no remorse for what you have put me through. I want other women and children to be safe from you and I hope the court will do to.’ Najeeb was sentenced to three years in prison and banned from Picadilly Gardens for life. Judge Conrad blasted Najeeb’s ‘disgraceful’ actions and said his appeal had ‘no merit’. He added: ‘You are entitled to have a trial and to appeal, but the way in which you have conducted yourself makes it clear that you show no remorse for what you did.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.