Wayne Rooney believes every player in the world apart from Lionel Messi is jealous of Cristiano Ronaldo after the Portuguese forward hit out at his criticism of his second stint at Manchester United. During his appearance as a pundit on Sky Sports’ Monday Night Football this week, Rooney tore into United’s current situation and wrote off their chances of securing a place in next season’s Champions League. Rooney also took aim at Ronaldo’s return to United and suggested that the 37-year-old doesn’t offer enough when he’s on the pitch. Ronaldo clearly took exception to Rooney’s comments as he replied ‘two jealous’ in his response to his former United teammate’s Instagram post which promoted his appearance on Monday Night Football. But when asked about Ronaldo’s comment on Thursday, Rooney replied: ‘I actually saw that this morning and I’d probably say that there’s probably not a football player on the plant who isn’t jealous of Cristiano. ‘The career he’s had, the trophies he’s won, the money he’s earned, his six-pack, his body. ‘I think every player, bar probably Lionel Messi, is jealous of Cristiano.’ Asked if Ronaldo’s signing has worked out for United, Rooney said on Monday Night Football: ‘You’d have to say no, at the minute. ‘I think he’s scored goals, he’s scored important goals in the Champions League early on in the season. He scored the hat-trick against Tottenham. ‘But I think if you look to the future of the club you would have to go with younger, hungry players to do the best to lift Manchester United over these next two, three years. ‘And obviously Cristiano is getting on a bit. He certainly isn’t the player he was when he was in his 20s. And that happens, that’s football. He’s a goal threat but I think the rest of the game they need more, they need young, hungry players. ‘I think they’ve got good young players. I think Sancho will be better next year, I think Marcus will be better next year. ‘They’ve got good young players, I think Jesse Lingard should be playing for them because he brings energy, he brings quality. Scott McTominay has done well, so they have got some good young players. ‘They just have to get that confidence, get them believing they are good players and perform at a better level and then obviously whoever the new manager is he’ll bring his own players in and try to rebuild that group.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 