Gemma Collins had a very early start after a big night out as she was evacuated from her hotel at 5.30am. The reality star and actress is currently on a tour of the UK with her stage show, The GC’s Big Night Out, and on Wednesday performed at St David’s Hall in Cardiff. After the show – which can go on until late at night – Gemma grabbed dinner with her crew before settling into bed to prepare for the following day’s show, which involved a long trip to Newcastle and an early start. Unfortunately for Gemma, she got an even earlier start than anticipated as a fire alarm in the hotel went off at the break of dawn and forced Gemma to evacuate. Former The Only Way Is Essex favourite Gemma took to Instagram stories in the early hours of Thursday morning where she shared a video of herself and security guard Sid Arora walking down the stairwell of the hotel, with a timestamp of 05.31. ‘Guys, you couldn’t write it,’ Gemma sighs in the video. ‘It’s half five in the morning. ‘After my performance last night, went out for a bit of dinner, come home, got woken up this morning by a fire alarm.’ She assured fans that they had ‘the all-clear’ and weren’t in any danger, joking: ‘it’s just a day in the life’. The TV favourite added: ‘I’m really pleased that everyone is okay and it is a false alarm.’ Minutes later, Gemma then shared a snap of security guard and pal Sid in what looked to be the lobby of the hotel, as she enjoyed a pot of tea that had been set in front of her. A second video sees a tired Gemma drinking from her cup of tea, looking wrecked, as she explains the situation further. ‘It was a false alarm, thank goodness,’ she clarifies. ‘Everyone is safe.’ The star then shakes her head and sighs: ‘I’ve got to be up in a few hours.’ Sure enough, four hours later Gemma posted a new video, featuring her not-quite-ready to face the day ahead. The video shows her with her hand over her face and shaking her head as she gets her hair done at the all-too-early time of 9.43am, with viral TikTok song Oh No blaring in the background. It will certainly be a long trip to Newcastle today, but hopefully the actress will be able to catch some Zs on the drive, as she will have another Big Night Out to perform on Thursday. Gemma’s Big Night Out tour comes shortly after she was announced to have a starring role in an upcoming production of Chicago The Musical as she’s set to play Mama Morton. She will make her theatre debut this summer as the world-famous musical tours the UK and Ireland, with producers saying they were ‘completely stunned’ by her audition. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gemma Collins’ fiancé Rami Hawash in ‘serious accident’ and now needs eye operation MORE : Gemma Collins claims she was ‘thrown out’ of exclusive LA club after meeting Leonardo DiCaprio, which left her fuming 