Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz are in full wedding planning mode, just days away from the showbiz world’s answer to the royal wedding. While everything’s being set up at Nicola’s $76million (£58million) family mansion, the happy couple are enjoying some quality time together – and took the time to answer some questions about the big day. Playing a game of Mr and Mrs, they were quizzed about their relationship, with both of them revealing that Brooklyn is most likely to cry at the wedding. ‘I’m sensitive!’ he told British Vogue. Brooklyn, 23, also revealed he’s most nervous about the speech but has no fears about the first dance, adding: ‘I’m great at dancing! I’m not nervous about that.’ We love the confidence! Asked who fell in love first, they each answered each other and we can only assume someone’s not being completely honest here. ‘The paddles don’t lie,’ Brooklyn insisted. The smitten couple will be tying the knot at Nicola’s sprawling family home in Palm Beach, Florida on Saturday. Brooklyn has been joined by his parents, David and Victoria Beckham, and siblings who jetted into the sunshine state last week ahead of his and Nicola’s big day. On Tuesday, white marquees were pictured on the grounds of billionairess Nicola’s family home, which is said to be worth a staggering $76million (£58m), while security was seen patrolling the estate with German Shepherd guard dogs. The oceanfront property spans an impressive 44,000sq ft and will welcome Brooklyn and Nicola’s loved ones, including celebrity guests such as Gordon Ramsay, Eva Longoria, Marc Anthony, Mel B and David Furnish, with the latter reportedly attending without husband Sir Elton John – Brooklyn’s godfather – due to the singer being on tour. As for the big wedding dress, there won’t be just one, of course, as Nicola previously confirmed that she will be wearing a selection of Valentino gowns on the big day. Speaking to CR Fashion Handbook, the Bates Motel actress, 27, discussed how she was working closely with Valentino’s Pierpaolo Piccioli to create her bridal looks and had been to Rome twice to choose all the details with her family, saying it was ‘a beautiful thing to be a part of and it’s very exciting’. Guests will reportedly be entertained by the one and only Snoop Dogg who is set to DJ at the reception, but there’s set to be an even bigger appearance in terms of musical guests, as reports claim the Spice Girls are set to reunite for the special day. Making it a family affair, it’s understood Brooklyn’s brothers, Romeo and Cruz, will act as best men with Harper set to be a bridesmaid. One of Nicola’s older brothers, ice hockey player Brad Peltz, will also be the man of honour. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brooklyn Beckham wedding preparations underway with huge marquees at fiancee Nicola Peltz’s $76,000,000 family mansion MORE : Nicola Peltz reveals Brooklyn Beckham has finally met her best friend days before their wedding 