Rihanna has continued to slay when it comes to maternity-wear, not that we’re surprised. The Umbrella singer, 34, is set to welcome her first child with rapper boyfriend A$AP Rocky, 33, confirming their baby news in an already-iconic photoshoot in January. She has been dressing her growing bump in only the finest fashions ever since, giving us a host of incredible looks. And she isn’t about to stop now as she served looks while out and about in LA. The Ocean’s Eight actress donned a dreamy bright pink mini-dress with a mint green feather trim for dinner at Giorgio Bialdi. She completed the look with a matching fluffy green clutch bag, heels and chunky jewellery. We are in no way worthy of RiRi. Rihanna is in her third trimester, meaning she will be giving birth to her first child very soon. Speaking to Elle Magazine about her pregnancy journey so far, the Grammy winner opened up about the changes in her body. When about her glow, she told the publication: ‘There’s a pregnancy glow. There’s also those days, girl. Especially in the third trimester where you wake up and you’re like, oh, do I have to get dressed? ‘The face gets a little round and chubby. The nose starts to spread. Everything is a challenge, from getting dressed and how you’re going to do your makeup. But I like challenges.’ After intense speculation, Rihanna and A$AP – who were first linked in 2020 – announced their baby news at the beginning of the year, sending us all into meltdown. Recalling the struggle in hiding the fact she is expecting, Rihanna previously told E! News that she found it hardest to keep quiet around her core friends. ‘It was harder for me to keep it from my posse, because they’re around me, they know my habits,’ she confessed. ‘They’re like, “You don’t want something to drink? You’re not smoking?” And I’m eating all the things I’m not used to eating. They know I hate sweets and I’m all of a sudden asking for cookies and donuts. ‘But finally, I just had to let it all out, and they were all shocked, of course, as the world was shocked as well.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amanda Bynes to finish degree as she focuses on the future following termination of conservatorship MORE : Alexander Skarsgård ‘nearly ran over’ Greta Thunberg while she was on a protest 