How frequently do you wash your bed sheets? Be honest. Well, if you’re a single man you’re much more likely to be leaving the dreaded chore for months at a time – according to new research. Almost half of single men don’t wash their bed sheets for up to four months at a time, with 12% admitting they wash them when they remember – which could be even longer. A survey of 2,250 UK adults over the age of 18 carried out by Pizuna Linens, discovered that 62% of single women changed their bedding once every two weeks, whereas only 29% single men washed their sheets at the same frequency. Instead, 45% of single men admitted only washing their sheets every three to four months. Couples typically do their sheets every three weeks. Forgetting, not being bothered, and not having any other clean bedding are the top reasons people don’t change their bedding more often. Worryingly, 41% of UK adults don’t believe the recommended guidelines for washing their bedding to be true. It is recommended to wash different parts of the bedding after different periods of time, depending on how often and how long you sleep in your bed. As a reference, pillowcases and sheets and duvet covers should be washed once a week, blankets and duvets every two-three months, and pillows every four-six months. But it looks as though most people are falling way, way short of this hygiene target. In 2020, another study revealed that a third of people ‘only wash their bed sheets once a year’ – so in comparison to these people, the single men washing their bedding every four months are actually doing quite well. It might be that the thought of stripping the bed and loading up the washing machine is just too much for some, as laundry is reportedly one of the most hated household chores for Brits. But is that really a good enough excuse? Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Tiny baby born weighing just 1lb 4oz survived after being put in a plastic bag moments after birth MORE : Adorable monkey and cat are best friends and love spending time together MORE : Finding out the sex of your baby could lead to ‘better life chances’ for the child