Some senior figures at Manchester United believe Cristiano Ronaldo should be moved on in the summer, according to reports. The Portugal international, who re-joined the Red Devils from Juventus last summer, is United’s top scorer this season with 12 Premier League goals but has often been criticised for his lack of pressing and work rate, which has contributed to United’s struggles. Now the Daily Mail claim some board members at Old Trafford have decided Ronaldo’s exit would benefit the team ahead of next season, with incoming manager Erik ten Hag unlikely to want to compensate his philosophy to accommodate an ageing Ronaldo. At Ajax, Ten Hag’s team is known for it’s dynamism and high-octane football, a style that would be hard to produce with a 37-year-old leading the line. Some within United’s hierarchy are keen to actively encourage Ronaldo to find a new club this summer – with the five-time Ballon d’Or winner still having a year left on his contract – but the final decision will come down to Joel Glazer and the board. United have suffered a disappointing campaign and are looking unlikely to qualify for the Champions League after their 1-0 loss to Everton on Saturday left them six points behind fourth-placed Tottenham. The return of Ronaldo along with the signings of Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane last summer was supposed to kickstart a title challenge for United but all three players have struggled to live up to their billing. Speaking yesterday following their defeat at Goodison Park, goalkeeper David De Gea tore into his team-mates for a lack of motivation and throwing away their top-four hopes. ‘It is a disgrace from us,’ he said. ‘We should be winning this game. We don’t score but we don’t create proper chances to score. ‘We are not good enough, that is for sure. It will be difficult to be in the top four. ‘They played Wednesday and they were tired but they had more desire than us, that is not acceptable.’ Out of Europe and both domestic cup competitions, United have not won a trophy since the Europa League in 2017 – nearly five years ago. MORE : Rio Ferdinand worried about Marcus Rashford and ‘behind the scenes’ at Manchester United MORE : ‘Terrible job’ – Erik ten Hag warned over joining Manchester United due to scrutiny from former stars For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 