Kieran Hayler has taken legal action against Katie Price after she compared him to paedophile Jimmy Savile on social media. Katie, 43, had made the shocking comment after watching a Netflix documentary about the disgraced entertainer, leading Kieran’s lawyers to send her a warning to remove the post straight away. A rep for Katie’s ex said: ‘Kieran Hayler is seeking legal action in regards to the social media post made by Katie Price. ‘For a woman that profusely professes to advocate mental health and anti trolling this is again somewhat contrary to “the values” Miss Price claims to champion.’ Katie had shared a screenshot of an article from January regarding allegations of sexual assault from 2016, which Kieran, 35, has vehemently denied. A spokesman for Kieran said of the claims at the time: ‘Kieran is very saddened by these false allegations, and is happy to fully assist the police and co-operate fully to ensure he is quickly vindicated. ‘But he is keen not to get into a public dispute and would prefer to rectify this matter with the police as quickly and calmly as possible, and continue to focus on his own life and future.’ Kieran had been accused of sexually assaulting a woman three times in 2016, with Sussex Police telling The Sun: ‘We are investigating a report that in 2016 a woman was raped by an adult male known to her at a location in West Sussex. ‘No arrest has been made. The woman is receiving support from specially trained officers.’ Sources added to The Sun that Kieran is ‘furious’ at Katie’s latest post, and that it is ‘horrifying’ for him and his family. A source added: ‘Yet another unprovoked attack from Katie Price, her outburst affects the vulnerable, the innocent, her own children, clearly Miss Price took nothing from Piers Morgan’s open letter of advice.’ Piers had come out earlier in the week to urge Katie to ‘pull herself together’ for the sake of her children, telling her in his column for the paper: ‘You’re a straight talker like me, so let me be brutally frank: you’re spiralling completely out of control, and this won’t end well if you don’t wake the f**k up pretty damn sharpish and pull yourself together. ‘You seem to be on a deluded one-woman mission to self-destruct, and it’s heart-breaking to watch.’ He added: ‘Whether you want to hear it or not, someone has to tell you some home truths before it’s too late. Wake up, Katie. Don’t do it for me – do it for your children.’ Katie had also been due to face court on April 12 for allegedly breaching a restraining order, put in place after Katie verbally abused Kieran’s fiancée Michelle Penticost  by reportedly contacting her via text message, but the date was moved back to April 27. Metro.co.uk has contacted Katie Price’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price’s ex Kris Boyson addresses reunion rumours after hotel photos: ‘I do miss our family life together’ MORE : Katie Price’s court date for ‘texting ex-Kieran Hayler’s fiancee’ delayed 