With the help of antiques expert John Nolan, a flour mill has been transformed into a quirky, luxury home with repurposed antique materials – and it could all be yours for less than a million pounds. Nolan, who has been on shows like Antiques Roadshow and Dickinson’s Real Deal, has been refurbishing the Grade II Listed Property, known as the Coach House, for five years. What makes the place special is that every inch of it has been built and restored using ‘reclaimed materials’ from other historic homes, buildings, and even churches. Now up for sale for £950,000, it’d be a fantastic buy for anyone who loves ornate features and houses that tell a story. ‘The property is rammed to the rafters with antiques and unusual pieces,’ Karl Ormerod of estate agents Jackson Stops, who are marketing the property, said. He added: ‘Everything in there is reclaimed, some of it dating back 500 years, and every detail has a story to tell. ‘In my 30 years, I have never seen a property quite like this.’ Nestled within a private walled garden, the Coach House boasts 2,734 sq ft of accommodation, divided up into an entrance hall, kitchen, formal dining room, four reception rooms, a study, five bedrooms, and three bathrooms. You can also expect to find unique features such as parquet flooring, sash windows, and wooden beams that date back to the 1400s. A Victorian post box and red phone box have been preserved at the rear of the property, but not everything is old-fashioned – there’s also a four-car garage. Meanwhile, at the front, you’re greeted with a pleasant lily pond. What makes the Coach House even more of a gem is the fact it resides within Halsall Hall Estate in Lancashire. Nolan has been restoring the estate, which dates back to 1095, for nearly twenty years. As part of the conversion, he built some apartments in the main hall of the estate as well as several other quirky homes like the Coach House. Ormerod added, ‘The property is quirky, it’s not going to appeal to everyone, but I think the buyer will be someone that likes all the reclaimed materials and the history and background to it.’ Check out the listing and enquire to view The Coach House here. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What I Own: Mortgage broker Natalie, who bought her Gloucester house with a 10% deposit MORE : Antiques Roadshow: Couple stunned to find Cartier set heirloom worth £40,000 MORE : Mum transforms kitchen in rented property into contemporary space for less than £100 