Easter is so close we can almost taste the chocolate. And no Easter weekend would be complete without hot cross buns. Toast them, slather them with butter or add cheese and pop them under the grill, however you enjoy your hot cross buns is up to you. But a new recipe from Charles Artisan Bread offers a unique twist on the classic Easter treat. The team sell hot cross bunnies in their micro bakery in Clapton – and they’re great for the whole family, They’re essentially the same as regular hot cross buns, just shaped as cute little bunnies – complete with ears. The team’s recipe features sourdough starter, mixed spice, mixed peel and raisins and should make 10 buns – each around 90g. This is how to create them at home. Ingredients: For the crosses Method: 1. Soak the raisins and peel in a bowl of water and leave to one side for at least 30 mins. 2. In a bowl mix the sugar, salt, flour and mix gently. Add the butter, mixed spice, and the nutmeg and mix until it comes together. 3. In a separate bowl mix the eggs, sourdough starter, vanilla and milk together and then add to the flour mixture. 4. Drain the raisins/peel and add to the mix. Mix well preferably using a mixer with a dough hook until the dough becomes quite smooth. Then place in an oiled bowl on the counter overnight to proof. 5. In the morning, place the bowl in the fridge before beginning to shape the dough, and mix the flour and milk to make the dough for the crosses. 6. When you are ready place the dough on a clean surface and divide into 10 balls of 90g. 7. Take a ball and using scissors make 3 cuts in one side, one in the middle and one either side. These will form the two ears, elongate them by pulling them slightly and then cup ‘square-ish’ leftover shape into a rounded face shape to complete the bunny. 8. Leave these on a baking tray gently covered to proof for a further hour or two (depending on temperature of your kitchen). 9. Finally, apply a gentle egg wash to the buns and using a piping bag, pipe the ‘cross’ dough onto the surface of the bun. Pipe the mouth area and an outline on the inside of the bunnies ears. 10. Then place 2 white choc chips or raisins onto the face to complete the eyes. Bake at 170 C fan for 15/20 mins (depending on your oven). Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Three great recipes for rhubarb season – if you’re unsure what to make with the ingredient MORE : Five celebrity recipes that make the perfect street food to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee MORE : Indulge with this quick and easy hot cross bun recipe