Grieving relatives of a man gunned down on a park bench 12 years ago have begged for help to find his killer as police offer a £20,000 reward for information. Errol McKenzie, 37, was shot three times at close range at Seymour Road playing fields in Leyton, east London, on April 11, 2010. Mr McKenzie, a repair man who fixed cable boxes and electrical equipment, was known locally as the ‘cable guy’. His family have been left in agony over his death, for which there appears to be no obvious motive. Speaking out on the anniversary of his killing, Mr McKenzie’s daughter, Nicole Bent, and nephew, Tylon McKenzie, told how loved ones are still ‘suffering and struggling’ and are desperate for closure. Mr McKenzie said: ‘It affects us every single year and every day. ‘Please give our family justice and let us rest, please.’ He added: ‘Just please, if you have any information, just come forward. ‘My grandparents especially have been in pain for like 12 years, just let them rest now. ‘Let closure come to our family. Nicole’s been suffering, my uncles, brothers, and sisters have been suffering. ‘It’s time to close the case and let’s get justice and put this to bed now and let everyone move on in life.’ The victim’s family said they couldn’t understand why anyone would target him, adding he was a man of good character. ‘It has been extremely difficult for us as a family and to this day we’re still suffering and struggling individually with the situation,’ Mr McKenzie added. Ms Bent described her uncle, a repair man, as ‘friendly, kind and caring’. ‘He always helped anyone who needs help and he was very loving and a father to his family.’ She added: ‘It’s been 12 years. These guys are still out there, I could be walking past them, I don’t know. ‘We just need some justice and some peace for our family.’ The victim had been visiting the Tottenham area, near to Northumberland Park rail station, to discuss the sale of a cable box on the night of his murder. He left to return to Leyton, where he lived, around 10.45pm and was pictured on CCTV buying alcohol and food in a shop around 11.15pm, before heading to the park. Paramedics were called after Mr McKenzie was shot around 15 minutes later, and he was pronounced dead at the scene. A post-mortem examination found he died from a gunshot wound to the chest, the Metropolitan Police said. Scotland Yard has now issued a fresh appeal in the hope someone might have a ‘pang of conscience’ and come forward with new information. Detective Chief Inspector Dave Whellams, who is leading the investigation, said there was ‘always hope’ despite the time that has passed. ‘Though years have passed, our determination to find out what happened to Errol, and bring justice to his still-grieving family, remains undiminished. ‘There are fragments of information missing that make up the whole picture of what happened to Errol, but in the passing of time allegiances and mindsets change, and I am confident that it can and will happen here. ‘A £20,000 reward is on offer to anyone who can provide us with information that leads to the arrest and conviction of his killers. ‘Errol’s family still grieve for him daily, and the information you have could bring them some peace at long last.’ Police are attempting to trace a number of individuals captured on CCTV footage. Anyone with information should call the Met’s incident room on 020 8345 3775 quoting Op Trocha. Alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.