Liverpool are set to tie Mohamed Salah down to a new four-year deal after the Egyptian backed down in contract talks with the club. The 29-year-old has 18 months to run on his deal at Anfield and though he’s happy on Merseyside, he rejected two proposals from the club over extending his deal. The winger wants parity with the top earners in the Premier League to reflect his global status and though Liverpool were willing to make him the club’s top earner on around £220,000-a-week, that’s still someway short of the £500,000-a-week that Cristiano Ronaldo earns at Old Trafford. However, the Mirror report that Salah has had a change of heart and the support he’s received from supporters this week after Egypt missed out on a World Cup spot has convinced him to sign on at Anfield. With Salah backing down over his wage demands, Liverpool are now reportedly willing to give him an extra year to take his new deal until 2026. Salah will be 33 by the end of his new deal, effectively keeping him at the club for his peak years. The news will be a significant boost to Liverpool, at a time when the club are pursuing an unprecedented quadruple. Jurgen Klopp recently dismissed suggestions that Salah’s contract talks could distract the club’s bid for all four trophies. ‘This season everyone is completely committed. It is a clear commitment for the team for this season and then we’ll talk about the rest – future, immediate, further,’ said Klopp.‘Mo is not a guy for that, not at all. If I don’t line him up then his mood goes down. That is possible, but not against the team or whatever. ‘It’s just I think it’s how it should be in the moment. The decisive parties are in contact and the rest we will see. Everyone is committed. We could have some players who don’t play often enough and aren’t in the squad enough and they could create a bad atmosphere. They don’t. They will not. And Mo is not a guy for that.’ MORE : Ryan Reynolds dashes onto pitch to hug goal-scoring hero as Wrexham AFC reach FA Trophy final at Wembley For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 