A heartbreaking image shows a woman waiting for rescuers to find the bodies of her sister and nephew among the rubble in Ukraine. The photo, taken in a town near Kyiv called Borodyanka, shows her sitting on a chair while workers desperately search for survivors. Ukrainian sources say she is called Liudmyla and is from the town, and rescuers brought her the chair because she had been standing for three days straight. The block of flats was bombed on April 1 but locals claimed Russians blocked rescue efforts before they retreated, leaving people buried in the rubble for a week. Ukraine’s prosecutor general, Iryna Venediktova, said yesterday rescue workers recovered 26 bodies from underneath two destroyed apartment buildings in Borodyanka. She again accused Moscow of targeting civilian areas. ‘Just in the rubble of two apartment blocks, 26 bodies were recovered,’ she wrote on Facebook. ‘Only the civilian population was targeted: there is no military site here,’ she said, adding it was ‘impossible to predict’ how many more bodies would be found. She further claimed the Russians have used cluster bombs and heavy multiple rocket launchers ‘that bring death and destruction’. ‘Evidence of the Russian forces’ war crimes is at every turn,’ she wrote. ‘The enemy treacherously shelled residential infrastructure in the evenings, when there was a maximum amount of people home.’ Ukrainian law enforcement officers are reportedly collecting evidence from Borodyanka for the courts, which she said suggests ‘killings, torture and beatings’ of civilians took place, as well as sexual assault. The Ukrainian Parliament wrote in a tweet: ‘The destruction in Borodyanka was considered even worse than in Irpen and Bucha. ‘The world will soon learn about the atrocities of the occupiers there, but now only one thing is clear – the village in ruins. ‘Of the 29 high-rise buildings, 21 were damaged, eight of them were completely destroyed. ‘Rescuers have been dismantling the debris for several days now, so the horrific finds will soon be known to everyone.’ Volodymyr Zelensky also said yesterday the destruction in Borodyanka is ‘significantly more dreadful’ than in nearby Bucha. The Ukrainian president said: ‘It’s significantly more dreadful there. Even more victims from the Russian occupiers. ‘And what will happen when the world learns the whole truth about what the Russian military did in Mariupol? ‘There, on almost every street, is what the world saw in Bucha and other towns in the Kyiv region after the withdrawal of Russian troops.’ A shocking scale of destruction was unveiled in the town of Bucha at the beginning of the week as Ukraine recaptured it. The so-called ‘butchers of Bucha’ tortured and executed hundreds and left the bodies of slaughtered civilians behind, many with their hands bound behind their backs. The West has widely condemned the attacks as war crimes and stricter sanctions are being imposed on Russia as a result. But Russian authorities have repeatedly slammed the accusations as a ‘false version of events’ and as being ‘staged’ by the West. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.