The weekend is here, and if you want to know what to expect, read on – we’ve got all the star signs sorted. Time to master those hidden anxieties, Taurus. It might be time to cut out some excessive interests, Aquarius. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, April 2, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 What’s been delaying progress, Aries? Today’s line-up suggests getting to the heart of the issue and admitting where you may be going wrong. It requires you to be honest with yourself by peeling back the layers. With a healing influence involved, you might get some powerful insights that will help you reframe your perspective. A shift in outlook could work wonders for you. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Hidden issues may come to light, that have been causing some anxiety in the background. With the Sun and Mercury aligning with healing Chiron, you might feel it’s time to address a matter you’ve tried unsuccessfully to brush under the carpet. Talking about it could certainly help. You can find that others are more sympathetic than you give them credit for, which is all to the good. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Address a situation that matters greatly to your group, club, team or social circle, and others will let you know they’re glad you spoke up. Getting something out into the open could cause some ripples, but it’s better to discuss it now when there is a chance of resolving it, than to let it continue to affect proceedings. Decisions may now be made that will help move things forward. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Doubts may be crippling you, and could be the reason why you haven’t got as far with certain goals as you would like. The coming day or so might make this very clear, and can push you to do something about them. They won’t disappear overnight, but by finding a way to overcome them, you’ll begin to make bigger strides forward in the direction of your dreams, Cancer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Feel blocked regarding an opportunity that seems perfect for you, Leo? Normally you would swing into action and take things as they come. But with asteroid Chiron aligning with the Sun and Mercury, you might be too aware of any shortcomings and less confident of being successful. Although this will pass in a few days, it can highlight a negative belief that holds you back. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 It’s time to let something go that you could be quite attached to. With the Sun and Mercury aligning with healing Chiron, you’ll be aware of how much easier life would be if you didn’t have to deal with the mental and emotional toll. This can set you thinking that there must be another way to deal with this. Getting feedback from others in a similar position may help. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 If there’s an aspect of a relationship that’s getting to you, you may be ready to tackle it once and for all, Libra. If this is someone you care about, then you might be ready to pull out all the stops before it gets worse. Talking things over can be a start. Even if this is a difficult subject to broach, it will get easier the more you discuss it. Leave it for too long, and it could become impossible. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Is a habit taking its toll on your productivity? There may be something you enjoy doing that is affecting your ability to meet goals or deadlines, or that isn’t contributing to your wellbeing. You likely know all about it, but stopping is another matter altogether. Willpower alone might not be enough. Insight could be very effective, if it causes you to see this for what it is and drop it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 As the sign of the Archer, you can either aim true and hit the target, or fire indiscriminately and hope for the best. The current blend of energies could inspire you to be decisive and commit to a goal, as this way you’ll certainly reach it. Whether you want to start a romance, get a business idea underway or promote your skills, this will get things moving. Falter, and you might lose out. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Getting your finances organized could be key to making the changes you want at home. Yesterday’s New Moon in your domestic sector, may have initiated a desire to make a start. Now is the time to get this side of things organized, so you can move ahead with confidence. Is there someone in the family who objects? Talk things over, and they might well change their mind. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You may have many interests on the go, and this can be causing you to feel under pressure. What could you usefully cut out, Aquarius? If you’re beginning to feel the strain, then it might be down to healing Chiron encouraging you to do something about this. As Saturn continues in your sign, you may be drawn to even more ambitious projects, but balance is very necessary too. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You may be in two minds whether to spend money or not, especially if in the scheme of things, it seems almost frivolous. Is it though? If you’re keen to hone a skill that you have an aptitude for and that could become a source of income, then it’s worth it. And with Mercury linking to the Sun, talking to someone about this can leave you with some great ideas to follow up, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness