‘It’s been 84 years…’ since we were promised a sequel to James Cameron’s Avatar movie. Okay, we’re quoting the wrong film, but it has been an exceptionally long time since the release of the director’s acclaimed 2009 epic. Pretty much as soon as Avatar was released a whopping 13 years ago, plans were announced for a sequel – and then a third, and a fourth, and a fifth. Avatar movies are planned up until December 2028, with one scheduled to come out almost every year until then – that despite the fact it has taken well over a decade for the second one to be released. (And we can’t blame the pandemic for this delay.) But, finally, in December 2022 Avatar: The Way of Water will hit cinemas worldwide, and a select few people have caught a first glimpse at what to expect. Director James treated audiences at the Las Vegas CinemaCon to a first look at the film, as well as revealing its title, via videolink at the event. According to the Hollywood Reporter, James told the crowd that he ‘set out to test the limits of what cinema can do’ with the new film, with each audience member given 3D glasses to watch the new footage. Producer Jon Landau told audiences the new teaser will be shown ‘exclusively in theatres’ before showings of upcoming Doctor Strange and the Multiverse of Madness before it is released online the following week. The teaser reportedly shows the return of main characters Jake (Sam Worthington) and Neytiri (Zoe Saldana) on Pandora, and introduces new out-of-this-world creatures. Jon confirmed that while the Avatar films are all sequels, they work as stand-alone films that ‘together are an even greater connected epic saga.’ Sigourney Weaver and Stephen Lang will return as their original characters, and there are some high-profile newcomers attached to the project, including Vin Diesel and even Titanic star Kate Winslet. It’s been a long 13 years but there’s not long left to wait, with Avatar: The Way of Water hitting cinemas in the US on December 16 this year. And while much of the project is still being kept tightly under wraps, it seems unlikely that former N-Dubz star Fazer is involved in the soundtrack. Why would he be, you ask? Well, he told Metro.co.uk that’s his next big goal. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Former N-Dubz star Fazer wants to do ‘the next Avatar soundtrack’ as he eyes career change following release of new single MORE : Kate Winslet’s character replaced by a cat as Leonardo DiCaprio’s fluffy love interest in excellent Titanic spoof video 