As belated birthdays go, Meri Mion’s 13th celebrations really do take the cake. In 1945, American soldiers marched into the city of Vicenza in Italy, near to the village of San Pietro. The 88th Infantry Division had reached the city after intense fighting with German soldiers. In San Pietro, Meri and her mother had been getting ready to celebrate her 13th birthday. A freshly baked cake had been left on the windowsill to cool when the pair heard the conflict between American and German soldiers had reached a climax. They scarpered to an attic in a nearby farm building where they spent the night. Bullets from retreating Nazi soldiers rained down on their house but, by morning, the Germans had gone. But Meri’s birthday cake had also vanished – and it is thought peckish US soldiers had scoffed it on their way to Vicenza. America has now officially apologised for the lost cake, and even bought Meri a replacement. The Italian, who turned 90 today, dabbed away tears as she was presented with the cake during a special ceremony held this morning. She uttered ‘mamma mia’ and ‘grazie’ as she accepted the gesture of goodwill. Soldiers, local residents and Italian veterans soldiers all gathered to sing Happy Birthday to her in both Italian and in English as the sun shone. Meri waved American flags and beamed at the US soldiers as she celebrated her birthday. Meri was both emotional and surprised the US soldiers had returned the cake, 77 years later. ‘Tomorrow, we will eat that dessert, with all my family remembering this wonderful day that I will never forget,’ she said. Sgt. Peter Wallis, from Washington, presented the cake to Meri, with Col. Matthew Gomlak, commander of U.S. Army Garrison Italy. Sgt Wallis said: ‘It was a little awkward, but it makes me feel great to give her the cake.’ Around 19 US soldiers were killed or wounded and several tanks destroyed when the Germans were ejected from Vicenza back in 1945. There were cheers from Italians as Americans marched into the city after winning the fight. During a parade through Corso Palladio, Vicenza’s famous thoroughfare, delighted residents even offered the troops bread and wine. ‘That warm welcome by the people of Vicenza continues to this day,’ Col Gomlak added. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.