Prince William and Kate Middleton want to move to Windsor as early as this summer to be nearer to the Queen, according to sources. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge – who spend their time between Norfolk and Kensington Palace – are said to have looked at a number of royal homes in Windsor. Insiders say these include the Royal Lodge, a 30-room 17th century mansion  inherited by Prince Andrew which is a short drive away from the Queen. But the Duke of York will not budge, and Kate and William are now looking at private homes in the area. However, the pair have been considering some other Crown Estate homes, including Frogmore House, about half a mile south of Windsor Castle. Their children George, eight, Charlotte, six, and Louis, three would feel right at home, as they are taken there to play at weekends. William and Kate are also said to have looked at Adelaide Cottage – just a 10 minute walk from the the Queen – but it is currently being lived in, the Sun reports. The couple have ruled out moving into one of the luxury apartments in Windsor  Castle or into Fort Belvedere – once home to King Edward VIII and Wallis Simpson. Royal sources have dismissed claims that the pair are moving into one of the luxury apartments within Windsor Castle. William and Kate are also looking at schools in Windsor, Surrey and Buckinghamshire, sources say. The Queen, 95, moved from Buckingham Palace to Windsor Castle at the start of the Covid-19 pandemic and has since decided to make it her permanent home. One of the reasons is that her London residence is undergoing expensive renovations which aren’t expected to be finished until 2027. But she also is very fond of Windsor and has many cherished memories with her late husband Prince Philip there. Since then the Queen has had a number of health scares and has cut back on her official duties, which could be why William and Kate want to be closer to her. It could also have something to do with concerns that disgraced Prince Andrew is getting too close to the monarch following his sex scandal. William and his dad Charles were said to be dead against Andrew walking the Queen into Westminster Abbey at Philip’s memorial service last week. But the Queen is said to have overruled both of her future heirs in order to put on a united front with her son. It led to suggestions that Andrew is trying to worm his way back into the limelight after subjecting the Royal Family to such an embarrassing episode. A source told the Sun: ‘The need to move to Windsor is growing more and more. Andrew spends a lot of time with the Queen. ‘There is not a man, woman or child who would not say he had every right to be at Philip’s thanksgiving. But the family have been adamant there’s no way back. ‘There are real fears that despite being banished from The Firm in January, he is using his closeness to the Queen as a springboard back into public life.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.