We’ve never had it so good when it comes to watching film and TV at home. Every week there are dozens of new programmes and movies available to binge across an ever increasing number of channels and streaming services. In the past month, I’ve enjoyed Resident Alien (NOW Entertainment), The After Party (Apple TV+), The Adam Project (Netflix), Cruel Summer (Amazon Prime), Crystal Palace vs Arsenal (NOW Sports), Turning Red (Disney+) and La Petite Maman (Mubi). I also rented House of Gucci (Chili). Oh, and there have also been Derry Girls (Channel 4), Peaky Blinders (BBC) and the FA Cup (ITV). And there’s plenty still to view — my ‘to watch’ list is four times as long. To have this much choice means there’s always something to see, whatever my mood. But it all comes at a cost. In my list above of programmes watched, there are six streaming services. The full price to have all of these for a month could be between £84 and £95, depending on the package selected. A movie rental can vary from £3.50 to £5.50. And then the TV Licence on top is another £13.25. If I repeated this every month for a year, my total bill could be approaching £1,400. And I don’t even have Sky or Virgin TV, which would add hundreds of pounds more. That’s a crazy amount for anyone to pay, and it’s no wonder stats last week showed 1.51 million streaming services were cancelled in the UK in the first three months of 2022. So should you follow suit and axe Netflix and co? If you’re paying for streaming services and not watching them, then absolutely you should unsubscribe. Saving £10 a month is £120 a year. The more you ditch, the more money you save. And even if you are watching more than one service at once, do you need to? There’s frankly so much choice on each platform that it’s impossible to really do any single service justice in a month, let alone two. I’d favour picking one and bingeing away until you’ve watched everything you want, then move onto the next one and repeat. I imagine you’re questioning how I manage to do this, but I also watched all those shows in the same month. For a start, I didn’t have them at the same time, only starting one when I’d finished with another. And more importantly, I’ve not paid anything near full price for the services I used. Special offers and deals meant Apple TV+, Amazon and the movie rental were free, while NOW, Disney, Netflix and Mubi were all significantly discounted. In total, I probably paid less than £20 (the bulk of that going to the Licence Fee). And if you’re paying more than £25 a month for all your TV then you’re paying too much. So my advice is to pick the service you want for this month, find the best price, and cancel all the others. There have been three new switching bonuses in the past few weeks, with Halifax and HSBC offering brand new deals and Virgin Money revamping its offer. At first glance the £175 from HSBC is the most attractive, and if you’re only after switching for cash rather than a new bank, it makes sense to get this bigger payout. However, if you’re after a better bank on top of free money then I’d go for the Halifax Reward with £125 for switching, then £5 a month afterwards and a decent app. The Virgin Money deal is possibly their best one yet as you’ve got a choice of how you use your points. But I’d still favour the free cash available elsewhere. The offers and accounts all come with terms and conditions, so make sure you read up before applying. Andy Webb is an award-winning blogger and podcaster from Be Clever With Your Cash. Follow Andy on Twitter, YouTube and Instagram via @andyclevercash If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. MORE : How to cancel Amazon Prime, Video, and Music MORE : How much does it cost to run a hot tub MORE : Investor pulls $1.1 billion out of Netflix after losing $400 million on share plunge