Liverpool have begun talks to sign Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni, according to reports in France. The 22-year-old is one of Ligue 1’s most highly rated young midfielders and is competing to win a place in France’s World Cup squad later this year. Several clubs across Europe have been linked with Tchouameni, with Real Madrid and Chelsea both interested in the midfielder. Earlier this month, reports claimed that incoming United manager Erik ten Hag has identified Tchouameni as a signing he would like to strengthen his midfield options this summer. But according to FootMercato, Liverpool have now entered the race to sign Tchouameni and have already approached the midfielder’s representatives. The report claims that Jurgen Klopp’s side are also willing to offer a better deal to Tchouameni, while Monaco are holding out for a €60 million (£50.7m) fee. Tchouameni was named in Ligue 1’s Team of the Season last year and also won the division’s Young Player of the Year award. This term, the 22-year-old has remained a key part of Monaco’s midfield as the club remain in the hunt for a place in next season’s Champions League. When asked about Tchouameni’s talent last year, former Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas, who now plays for Monaco, said: ‘He has the potential to become a complete midfielder. ‘He’s a modern midfield player.’ Speaking about his future last month, Tchouameni said: ‘It is certain that I am not the same player since my arrival in Monaco. ‘I passed caps but I worked for a long time to get where I am today. Quite honestly, I’m not focusing on what’s next. ‘I continue to work and progress and we will see later. I don’t know, maybe it’s a discussion I need to have with the coach. ‘But, you don’t have to be a Real Madrid or Manchester City player to be called up to the squad. We see players here who also play for very good clubs like Wissam [Ben Yedder] and me at Monaco. ‘Today I had a few starts in blue and I’m an Monaco player so it’s not a question I’ve asked myself for the moment.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 