Amy Schumer has denied that she was planning to make a controversial joke about Alec Baldwin’s Rust shooting at the Oscars. The I Feel Pretty actress hosted the ceremony last month alongside Wanda Sykes and Regina Hall, and later lifted the lid on some ‘scrapped’ quips. She sparked huge backlash following an appearance at a Las Vegas stand-up show, after reports claimed she told the crowd that she was banned from referencing the shocking incident that led to Halyna Hutchins death, on the set of Rust last year. However, addressing the claims, the 40-year-old insisted that this was never actually her plan. Sharing a screenshot of an article mistakenly stating she had purchased a $12.5million home in Montecito, Amy penned: ‘This is not true. ‘I also was never going to say the Alec Baldwin joke at the Oscar’s. But I am saying anything I want at my live shows. Hope you come out [sic]. ‘Link in bio for tickets to my shows. I’m touring august through the holidays!’ It was claimed that Schumer was planning a quip regarding Baldwin’s shooting incident, and had revealed ‘the joke she wasn’t allowed to say on TV’ while appearing on stage during the Aces of Comedy series. According to reports in Vanity Fair, the Trainwreck star told the crowd: ‘I don’t even know what to say about the Oscars. ‘I was kind of feeling myself…and then all of a sudden, Ali was making his way up. And it was just a f**king bummer. All I can say is that it was really sad, and I think it says so much about toxic masculinity. ‘It was really upsetting, but I think the best way to comfort ourselves would be for me to say the Oscar jokes that I wasn’t allowed to say on TV.’ The publication reports that she went on to share some of the material that she wasn’t allowed to mention, explaining that her lawyer had warned against them. It is claimed that she reportedly referred to Baldwin accidentally fatally shooting Hutchins, and then she reportedly said: ‘Don’t Look Up is the name of a movie? More like don’t look down the barrel of Alec Baldwin’s shotgun.’ The outlet claimed that Schumer then added: ‘I wasn’t allowed to say any of that [at the Oscars], but you can just come up and [slap] someone.’ Baldwin accidentally discharged a gun on the film set last October, fatally shooting cinematographer Hutchins. Director Joel Souza was also injured but recovered from his injuries – while Hutchins was pronounced dead at a nearby hospital shortly after. Schumer came under fire over the comments on social media, as fans questioned the claims about making a joke over the cinematographer’s death. Many also condemned her over the previous statement she made, explaining that she was ‘traumatized’ over Will Smith slapping Chris Rock at the ceremony. ‘I think we can all agree that the best way to unpack what happened is to stream my series @lifeandbethhulu and see me on tour this fall,’ she said at the time. ‘But for real. Still triggered and traumatised. I love my friend @chrisrock and believe he handled it like a pro. Stayed up there and gave an Oscar to his friend @questlove and the whole thing was so disturbing. ‘So much pain in @willsmith anyway I’m still in shock and stunned and sad. I’m proud of myself and my cohosts. But yeah. Waiting for this sickening feeling to go away from what we all witnessed [sic].’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Miley Cyrus puts on brave face during casual stroll after parents Tish and Billy Ray ‘file for divorce’ MORE : Mark Wahlberg still has his prosthetic penis from Boogie Nights but it’s safely locked away: ‘It’s not something I can leave out!’ 