Peter Kay has told fans he is ‘doing great’ as he made a rare public appearance to launch a wheelchair-accessible boat in Lancashire. The comedian, 48, has kept a low profile after stepping away from the public eye in 2017 due to ‘unforeseen family circumstances’, but recently returned to the stage with his comedy tour. He made an appearance over the weekend at the Lower Rivington Reservoir to launch a ‘wheelyboat’ near his home in Bolton. The boat will give disabled adults and children the chance to enjoy water-based activities at the centre for the first time. He told PA: ‘It’s very lovely to be here today, I’m honoured to be asked to launch this fantastic wheelyboat, which I hope gives a lot of people a lot of pleasure and happiness out on the water. ‘The Anderton Centre is a fantastic place and I love coming here, and the people are really nice and when it’s a nice day and there’s an heatwave you think you’re in the south of France.’ Peter stepped down to the water’s edge to cut the ribbon on the boat, joking: ‘I’m just going to get on with cutting it with the scissors… I did think, I might be smashing a bottle against it, but apparently in the modern world that is not allowed for recycling. ‘I’ve never launched anything in my life, apart from one of my children – no, only kidding. ‘So I declare, this fantastic wonderful wheelyboat officially – don’t all run and jump on – open.’ When asked how he was doing, Peter added: ‘I’m great thank you very much, nice to be doing something, nice to be doing this.’ Peter began his first tour in 11 years earlier this month, returning to the stage to perform his Dance For Life show at Manchester Central Convention Complex on Good Friday. More shows are planned for London this week and Liverpool in August but he said any future TV appearances would remain a ‘surprise’. The Coulam Wheelyboat V17, a purpose-built fully wheelchair-accessible powerboat, is the first for public use in Lancashire. Andy Beadsley, director of The Wheelyboat Trust said: ‘Wheelyboats are a lifeline for anyone with a disability, as each boat removes the barriers and enables disabled people to participate alongside and on equal terms with their able-bodied counterparts. ‘All too often people with disabilities are restricted in the activities they can take part in due to lack of accessible facilities and equipment, which is something we are striving to change.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : EastEnders star Max Bowden ‘reveals gender of baby’ with ex-girlfriend Roisin Buckle MORE : Travis Scott teams up with Future for first song since Astroworld tragedy 