A mysterious spike in reports of unexplained hepatitis among young children has claimed at least one life, according to the World Health Organisation (WHO). Health experts first became alarmed when 10 Scottish children under the age of 10 were reported to have been diagnosed with an unknown acute form of the disease, which causes liver inflammation, on April 5. By April 8, 74 cases were identified in the UK, prompting an international warning. As of last Thursday there had been 169 cases among children aged between one month and 16 years worldwide, most of them in western Europe, the US and Israel. Seventeen children have required liver transplants – equivalent to one in 10 patients. It’s not known which country they or the deceased child lived in. The disease harms the liver’s ability to process nutrients, filter blood and fight infections, and is most commonly caused by a virus. Many of the young patients suffered abdominal pain, diarrhoea and vomiting but did not have a fever, another common symptom of known types of hepatitis, the WHO said. Doctors have not detected any of the common viruses which are typically behind acute cases – ones which appear and are resolved in a matter of months – such as hepatitis viruses A, B, C, D and E. A spokesperson for the WHO said: ‘It is not yet clear if there has been an increase in hepatitis cases, or an increase in awareness of hepatitis cases that occur at the expected rate but go undetected.’ Its experts have not ruled out non-viral causes, which have previously been known to include autoimmune diseases, medications, drugs, toxins, and alcohol. However, one current hypothesis is that the cause is an unknown type of adenovirus, a family of common viruses which usually infect the lining of an organ such as the lungs or eyes. Adenovirus has been deteced in at least 74 cases, of which 19 were also infected with Covid-19. In a statement, the WHO added: ‘The United Kingdom, where the majority of cases have been reported to date, has recently observed a significant increase in adenovirus infections in the community (particularly detected in faecal samples in children) following low levels of circulation earlier in the COVID-19 pandemic. ‘The Netherlands also reported concurrent increasing community adenovirus circulation. ‘Nevertheless, due to enhanced laboratory testing for adenovirus, this could represent the identification of an existing rare outcome occurring at levels not previously detected that is now being recognized due to increased testing.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 