TV personality Paddy Doherty has updated fans on his condition from his hospital bed after he told followers he ‘thought’ he had a heart attack. Paddy, 63, has vowed to give up drink and ‘stopping messing about’ after he was taken to hospital with heart problems this week. On Wednesday, the Celebrity Big Brother star posted a video of himself lying on a hospital bed with a drip attached to his arm as he recounted his ordeal. ‘My heart I think… I had a heart attack last night. My breathing keeps being difficult. It’s like a horse sitting on your chest,’ he began. In a separate video, he promised to ‘come back stronger’ after his hospital dash, saying: ‘Hello everybody. I look better now, shaved, brushed my teeth. Feeling ten times better. Imagine two days in the hallway, it was not just me there was a rake of people here. ‘To see them stuck in a corridor. One man was pulling the blankets off, bless him he didn’t know. “I kept saying you’ve got to cover up. We haven’t got the safe facilities for him. Then the man wanted the toilet but there wasn’t anything for him in the hallway. The sad thing about it, two days. It was like a traffic zone! ‘They get no breather and no thanks. The NHS are god’s angels; they fight for what they are doing with their heart and soul. Without them, the world wouldn’t even survive.’ Speaking of his own health, the TV star said: ‘I’m alright. I wouldn’t say I’m great but I’m getting there.’ ‘I’ve got to stop drinking, stop messing about, and enjoy my life the way I was enjoying my life,’ Paddy said. ‘A lot of people do things in life they shouldn’t do,’ he added. It comes a year after he suffered from complications after contracting Covid. Paddy ended up in hospital three times in two months, due to the virus. He suffered difficulties speaking, as he revealed he was having issues with his lungs, while using oxygen to help him breathe. In a clip shared to Facebook, Paddy explained: ‘I’m back again. I’m short of breath. You’re not going to believe this my f**king lungs – god forgive us for cursing.’ He added: ‘I’m hoping to be out later on. It’s 3 o’clock in the morning, there’s nothing wrong with me, it’s just my lungs. I tell you, I’m worse than a cat.’ Paddy, a former bare-knuckle boxer, is best known for starring in Channel 4 docu-series My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding which followed the lives of Irish Traveller families. He has also appeared on Danny Dyer’s Deadliest Men in 2009 and finished as a runner-up on Celebrity Big Brother in 2011. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Coronation Street’s Tanisha Gorey posts new snap from TV night out MORE : Emmerdale star Mark Charnock pays tribute as Doctor Gail’s final scenes air 