A drunk man who drove a stolen car off a bridge onto a busy motorway has been jailed for less than three years. Hughes Raymond Holmes left a passenger with horrific injuries and using a wheelchair after a series of staggeringly dangerous manoeuvres ended in predictable fashion three months ago. The 32-year-old drove through a set of red traffic lights and hit a van, veered across three lanes of traffic and slammed through the crash barrier at the Bowburn interchange in Durham. The car teetered over the motorway before falling and landing on its roof – ‘fortunately’ missing both carriageways. Durham Crown Court was told that Holmes had taken a red Vauxhall Astra from his passenger’s son and drove it off the A177 flyover, from where it landed on the central reservation of the A1(M) on January 21. She was left unconscious, prosecutor Robin Patton said, adding that Holmes was seen kicking the driver’s door open and getting out, leaving her trapped inside. She  suffered a bleed on the brain, a broken neck and multiple fractures of the spine. Three months on, she is still using a wheelchair, Mr Patton added. The court heard he also tried to blame the woman for the crash, telling witnesses and police she had been driving and had ‘nicked’ her son’s car. Holmes, of Spennymoor, County Durham, later pleaded guilty to aggravated vehicle taking, causing serious injury by dangerous driving, driving without insurance and failing to provide a specimen of breath. Today, Judge Ray Singh sentenced him to 32 months in prison. Sentencing Holmes – who was banned at the time of incident – Judge Singh told him: ‘Your behaviour was utterly despicable. ‘The only thought you had was for yourself – no-one else.’ Witnesses who spoke to Holmes after the crash said his breath stunk of alcohol. He had tried to flee the wreckage by walking up the embankment but was intercepted by a man who tried to stall his departure, Mr Patton said. When a police officer asked if he was willing to provide a breath sample, the court was told Holmes replied: ‘Am I f***.’ The car was reported missing at 9am on January 21 after its owner was told by a friend it was being driven around Spennymoor with his mother and the defendant in it, Mr Patton said. The man rang his mother and her responses were ‘slurred’, the court was told. When he asked to speak to Holmes and told him to stop driving, the response was ‘incoherent’, jurors were told. A witness who saw the car that morning described a row between the defendant and his passenger, with him stopping her from getting out of the car, Mr Patton said. Holmes was involved in another near miss before the crash when, at about 10.30am, he was seen overtaking another car ‘at speed’ on a single carriageway, narrowly missing a Jeep going the other way. Paul Rooney, mitigating, said Holmes has apologised to the woman and she ‘appears to have forgiven him’. A Durham Police spokeswoman said: ‘Not only did Hugh Holmes knowingly take a car without permission, but he was also completely unfit to be behind the wheel. ‘His reckless actions resulted in horrific injuries for his passenger which will affect her for the rest of her life. ‘We would like to thank the members of the public who assisted in the investigation and those who stopped to help in the aftermath.’ Holmes was also banned from driving for 343 weeks. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Dad fined because his car’s shadow was in disabled spot outside post office