A man decided to ‘have a dig at the council’ by planting flowers in potholes near his home to highlight the sheer number of them. Duncan Campbell, from Northville near Cwmbran in Wales, said he first started doing it as a joke for himself – but it’s grown massively. It has now become so popular he wants to raise awareness of the state of the roads in his area. The carer told WalesOnline: ‘It’s not something I really thought about at first to be honest. ‘I was in B&M last week and saw the flowers were five for a fiver, so I got them to put them in my garden. ‘On my way home I again started going over the potholes – the roads are terrible. ‘When you drove through the roads here you’ve pretty much got to swerve everywhere you go. ‘It dawned on me I could start putting the flowers in the potholes for a laugh. I wasn’t doing much at home, so it was really just a bit of merriment for myself.’ Duncan, 55, started taking pictures of his efforts and posting them on social media. People soon started getting in touch with requests for potholes on their roads to be decorated. ‘The reaction has been very good,’ said Duncan, who has lived in the area all his life. ‘Every time I walk around the area people stop me and talk to me about it and they seem to be quite pleased that there is some attention being drawn towards it. ‘Some people are quite confused by what I’m doing, but I think it’s a good laugh to be honest. I’m quite enjoying myself. ‘What started out as something quite funny has a serious element to it. What I’m taking photos of are the services that are obviously very visible to us. ‘These are the services that are obviously failing us. The state of our roads has always been a long, long issue. My concern is regarding how many invisible services to most are also failing.’ Duncan is standing as an independent councillor in next month’s local elections. A spokesperson for Torfaen Borough Council said: ‘The council operates a system of both pro-active and reactive inspections of all adopted streets within the borough. ‘The full cycle of inspections take place on a cyclical basis, and all streets are fully inspected. ‘We also inspect any potholes that are reported to us via online forms etc. Potholes which are found on private streets are the responsibility of the landowners whomever they may be. ‘An inspection of this street has taken place, and the potholes identified will be fixed in a matter of due course. ‘We would like to inform residents that interfering with the carriageway regardless of their intentions is dangerous.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.