A former goaltender for the US soccer team has been taken into custody for allegedly driving while intoxicated and resisting arrest while her two-year-old twins were in her car. Hope Solo, a two-time Olympic gold medalist, was detained in a Walmart parking lot by Parkway Village Circle in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, on Thursday, TMZ reported. The 40-year-old was charged with DWI, misdemeanor child abuse and resisting arrest, according to the media outlet. She has been booked at the Forsyth County jail. Solo posted a statement from her lawyer, Rich Nichols, on her Instagram on Friday afternoon. ‘On the advice of counsel, Hope can’t speak about this situation, but she wants everyone to know that her kids are her life, that she was released immediately and is now at home with her family, that the story is more sympathetic than the initial charges suggest, and that she looks forward to her opportunity to defend these charges,’ Nichols stated. Solo, who is married to former Seattle Seahawks tight end Jarramy Stevens, gave birth to her twins in 2020. She has had multiple prior arrests. In 2014, she allegedly physically confronted her nephew, but the charges were dismissed as the 17-year-old boy and his mother, Solo’s half-sister, stopped cooperating in the case. The same year, she was accused of threating a police officer and saying she would ‘kick his a**’. Stevens was arrested shortly before their wedding in a disturbance involving Solo. He was not charged. In 2012, the US Anti-Doping Agency issued a public warning to Solo after her urine test came back positive for Canrenone, a steroid lactone that is banned. That was the year she played for the US Olympic team in London and won gold. Solo was part of US championship teams at the 2012 and 2008 Olympics, as well as the 2011 Women’s World Cup. If convicted in the latest incident, Solo could be sent to jail. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.