A fundraiser in honour of Tom Parker has raised more than £30,000 in the days after his death. The Wanted singer died on March 30, at the age of 33, after being diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour. Following the news, the musician’s widow Kelsey Parker set up a GoFundMe page to ‘keep his memory alive forever’, and allow his loved ones to turn their grief ‘into something positive’. Within days of being created, the fundraiser had exceeded the initial £5,000 target and has now passed the £30,000 mark. Writing on the donating page, the mum-of-two said: ‘I am Kelsey Parker, very proud wife of Tom Parker, probably best known for being one fifth of UK boyband The Wanted, but to those who knew him he was my husband, a Daddy, son, brother and friend. ‘As many of you know, Tom was diagnosed with a brain tumour in October 2020 and on Wednesday 30th March 2022 he passed away peacefully with all of his closest friends and family by his side. ‘Our hearts are truly broken, Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without him, but one of the biggest sources of comfort over the last 2 years has been the outpouring of love and support we’ve all received. ‘We can’t thank everyone enough for holding Tom, myself and the children in your thoughts and prayers, for lighting candles and sharing beautiful messages of hope and condolence.’ Kelsey explained that proceeds will ‘eventually go to amazing causes’ in his name, to help others in need. ‘We want to take everyone’s incredible love, support and generosity and turn our grief into something positive and to keep Tom’s memory alive forever,’ she continued. ‘We simply couldn’t have got through the last 2 years without the help and support we have received and if we can offer it back to others that would be the best way to honour Tom and make our two children, Aurelia and Bodhi proud. ‘From the bottom of our hearts, a huge thank you. If love alone could have saved Tom, he would have lived forever…’ The Glad You Came musician was diagnosed with a tumour in October 2020, sharing the news on social media shortly after. Sadly, Kelsey confirmed that he had died at the end of last month, in a heartbreaking message on Instagram. ‘It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side,’ she said on her account. ‘Our hearts are broken. ‘Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. ‘Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout. He fought until the very end.’ ‘We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children.’ ‘Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout. He fought until the very end.’ The couple, who tied the knot in 2018, welcomed daughter Aurelia together in 2019, before completing their family last year with baby Bodhi. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Fragile’ Halsey to attend Grammys 2022 just three days after surgery MORE : Gogglebox star Ellie Warner ‘barely left’ boyfriend Nat Eddleston’s side after horror crash: ‘She’s still in state of shock’ 