Dan Stevens is continuing his savage takedown of Boris Johnson after going viral earlier this week, encouraging fans to call for the Prime Minister to resign from his position after partygate. On Wednesday evening, the Downton Abbey star left viewers gobsmacked when he used an appearance on BBC’s The One Show as an opportunity to make a savage dig at the PM, after he and Chancellor Rishi Sunak were fined by breaching Covid-19 rules at lockdown parties. When asked about the premise of his new TV series Gaslit, which delves into Richard Nixon’s Watergate scandal, the actor responded: ‘Well, what you’ve got is a criminal for a leader, who is wrapped in a messy war, embroiled in a stupid scandal, and surrounded by ambitious idiots and really should resign,’ before adding: ‘No I’m sorry that’s the intro to Boris Johnson, I’m so sorry!’ Co-presenters Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas were left utterly stunned, while viewers hailed Dan over the clip, which quickly went viral on social media. The 39-year-old later said that he was ‘fired up’ in the moment after hearing about the partygate palaver ‘on every radio bulletin’, telling GQ: ‘I thought it was worth highlighting the extraordinary similarities.’ However, the Legion star isn’t finished quite yet, as on Saturday morning, he shared a post on Twitter and Instagram requesting for fans to make ‘Boris-themed Easter posts’ with the hashtag ‘#heisresign’, saying that he would repost his favourite submissions. One fan on Twitter responded to the post by writing: ‘Dan Stevens is on a MISSION. Get ‘em, Dan!’ Another remarked: ‘Okay I know I said I didn’t think I could love @thatdanstevens more already but… he’s the gift that keeps giving.’ He also promoted a ‘Boris Johnson’s resignation march’ that’s set to take place on Monday. Dan was one of the latest celebrities to speak out against the Prime Minister when the news of his fines came to light, with Piers Morgan and Gary Lineker among those expressing their outrage. Piers tweeted: ‘Conservative MPs now have to decide whether they’re comfortable with having a law-breaking Prime Minister & Chancellor. Bottom line: why should the British public follow any laws if those in charge of setting them so brazenly break them & keep their jobs?’ Meanwhile, Countdown star Susie Dent threw some shade on Twitter with her ‘word of the day’, writing: ‘Word of the day is ‘maw-worm’ (19th century): one who insists that they have done nothing wrong, despite evidence to the contrary.’ While she didn’t mention the Prime Minister by name, many interpreted it as a thinly-veiled dig. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Have I Got News For You: Ian Hislop rips into Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak and calls for them to resign amid Partygate scandal MORE : Gogglebox stars fume at Boris Johnson’s Partygate apology: ‘He’s got to go!’ 