Helen Skelton has been seen out without her wedding ring, the day after confirming her shock marriage split with husband of eight years Richie Myler. The Countryfile star, 38, only welcomed her third child with her estranged husband, 31, in December; they are also parents to sons Ernie, six, and five-year-old Louis. Dressed in jeans and a stripey nautical-style top, the Countryfile star was snapped walking out with her four-month-old baby Elsie in her carrier on Tuesday, which Helen carried over her left arm. She wore her blonde hair pulled up in a high ponytail and accessorised with gold hoop earrings and a delicate chain necklace. Her wedding and engagement rings were clearly missing from her left hand. The TV presenter was multi-tasking as she spoke on her mobile phone, seemingly in a cheerful mood. Helen announced her separation from rugby ace Richie on Monday night via Instagram, saying he had ‘left the family home’. In her statement, she wrote: ‘Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co parent our small children.’ Her last Instagram post with Richie was in February, as she shared a sweet selfie of the pair of them in the kitchen together, joking ‘That time I bumped Into you in the kitchen for ten minutes’ as she commented on the chaos of being a new family of five. Since then, a source has added that things appear to be over for good for the couple. They told OK! magazine: ‘It’s so sad, but friends don’t think there is a way back for them. She’s really sad about it. Friends are really worried for her, but there is no way back sadly.’ The insider also claimed that Helen, who previously spoke of the ‘crushing loneliness’ she felt moving to France for Richie’s career in 2015, had been ‘struggling recently’ as a mum to three young children. She recently jetted off for a sun-drenched holiday with her children over the Easter break, seemingly without Richie, just days before announcing their split. While Helen shared uploads of playing by the pool with her kids, it seemed Leeds Rhinos star Richie was missing the action as he shared a photo of himself training hard at his Yorkshire-based club. ‘Light at the end of the tunnel,’ he wrote alongside it. It was in reference to him finally returning to the pitch after spending weeks recovering from an injury having torn his abductor muscle in a previous game in February. Richie is yet to comment on their split. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Inside Countryfile host Helen Skelton’s relationship with husband Richie Myler following marriage split MORE : The Wanted re-release Gold Forever for charity in memory of Tom Parker after ‘beautiful’ reaction to special version 