A transgender woman who was strapped to a wooden chair and given electric shocks ‘to cure her’ has suggested government ministers try conversion therapy and ‘see if they still think it’s acceptable’ for trans people. Carolyn Mercer had attempted to take her own life shortly before she was put through the abhorrent practice aged just 17. More than fifty years later, the 74-year-old is thriving, living openly as her true self with a loving family and a successful career. But she still struggles to feel positive emotions and says ‘the only person I ever hated is myself’. She has warned Boris Johnson ‘has blood on his hands’ after the government vowed to ban conversion therapy – but not for transgender people, despite them being nearly twice as likely to be targeted. Four years after initially promising a ban, the government has said it is a legally complex issue and ‘further considerations are needed’. ‘I went to an NHS hospital, I was taken into a dark room and strapped to a wooden chair. Electrodes were soaked in saltwater and stuck to my arm’, Carolyn, from Lancashire, told Metro.co.uk. ‘Pictures of women were shone on the wall in front of me. Then randomly, they threw the switch. ‘The pain shot through my body, my arm shot up in the air. This was repeated. They tried to make me associate pain with who I saw myself as being, who I wanted to be.’ Speaking about the government U-turn, she said: ‘My first feeling was a total lack of surprise. I was appalled but I was expecting it. ‘For Johnson to say it’s utterly abhorrent for gay people, then why is it acceptable for trans people? It’s barbaric. Perhaps they want to go through it themselves and see what it’s like.’ Born biologically male, Carolyn was three when she convinced her younger sister to switch clothes with her, and went to bed that night ‘hoping someone could invent a brain transplant’. Transgender people ‘weren’t spoken about in the 1950s’ and her first introduction was when she stumbled upon a nasty piece in a Sunday newspaper at age 14. Her confusion soon turned into self-hatred and she grew suicidal at the thought of continuing to live as a man. ‘I was distraught. I was crazy mixed-up, suicidal, I tried to kill myself and I’m so pleased it didn’t work’, she said. ‘When you’re faced with that sort of situation, what do you do? You can’t see any sort of future.’ After looking for support with her local vicar, she was taken to see a psychiatrist who promised ‘to cure her’. ‘When the treatment was over, the thing that hurt me most was not the memory, not the pain, not the tears. What hurt me most at the time is that it didn’t work’, Carolyn said. ‘That’s what I wanted because it seemed so wrong, so odd. I was a freak, I wasn’t normal.’ Following six hour-long sessions, she declined further ‘help’ as she initially had hope it had been successful. From the outside ‘everything looked wonderful’ as she married her wife, had two children and became the second-youngest headteacher in Britain. Inside, she was ‘falling apart’- trembling whenever she thought of the electric shock chair and drinking vodka until she vomited on weekends. She struggled with depression and began to think it was better for her family if she took her own life. But after struggling with gender dysphoria for decades, she realised she needed to ‘stop destroying herself’. She shared her secret with her children and began taking hormones in the early 1990s. Her journey wasn’t easy and she was even briefly suspended from her job when she was ‘outed’ in the national press in 1994. But the activist remained ‘determined’, and says she ‘couldn’t have asked for more’ from loved ones after she completed her physical transition in the 2000s. Despite no longer being ashamed of her authentic self, Carolyn still wrestles with the impact of conversion therapy. ‘When did I start to like myself more? Never, including now’, she said. ‘The only person I’ve ever hated is myself. The conversion practice depressed all of my positive emotions. Even now, I have real difficulty feeling them. ‘I don’t physically shake anymore when I think about the treatment, that went on for 40 years, but I’m still struggling.’ Use of electrical aversion therapy in the UK was almost totally abandoned in the 1970s as experts realised it didn’t work, according to Dr Tommy Dickinson, the author of Curing Queers: Mental Nurses and their Patients, 1935-1974. But Caroyln fears for others put through persisting forms of conversion practice including ‘exorcism’, violence and food deprivation. ‘As well as being barbaric, conversion practice is responsible for people losing their lives’, she said. ‘If this isn’t banned, there is blood on people’s hands – particularly the prime minister’s, and he needs to realise that. ‘If there was a will, the Conservative government could work the complexities out easily. They don’t want to do it.’ A YouGov poll suggests 58% of Tory voters back a ban. Stonewall – which pulled out of a landmark government LGBTQ+ conference alongside 200 other organisations – said it is ‘shameful the PM is choosing to protect some LGBTQIA+ people and not others from abuse’. Conversion therapy is today described by the NHS and other major psychological bodies as ‘unethical and potentially harmful’. A government spokesperson said: ‘The Government has a proud record on LGBT rights, and the Prime Minister is committed to bringing forward legislation to ban conversion therapy. ‘Recognising the complexity of issues and need for further careful thought, we will carry out separate work to consider the issue of transgender conversion therapy further. ‘This is a legally complex area and we have a responsibility to ensure unintended consequences are not written into legislation, particularly in the case of under 18s.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.