Bruce Willis looked loved-up with wife Emma Heming as they enjoyed a family outing, after his health battles were revealed. It was revealed that the Die Hard actor, 67, would be retiring from acting after he was diagnosed with aphasia – a disorder caused by damage in a specific area of the brain that controls language expression and comprehension. His Hollywood counterparts led tributes over the news, sharing their love for the actor on social media. The Expendables star was seen for the first time since his diagnosis was made public, as he went ‘off the grid’. In a snap shared on Emma’s Instagram page, taken by their 10-year-old daughter Mabel, he gazed lovingly at his wife during a walk. Bruce donned an orange vest for their day out, paired with grey jeans and chunky boots – and Emma was similarly low-key in a jacket and jeans. ‘Mom & Dad in their favorite habitat #offthegrid,’ she captioned the upload. Bruce’s loved ones – Emma, his ex-wife Demi Moore and their daughters Rumer, Scout and Tallulah – broke the news of his diagnosis on Instagram in a joint statement, alongside a post of the Sixth Sense star. ‘To Bruce’s amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities,’ the statement read. ‘As a result of this and with much consideration Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him. ‘This is a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support. We are moving through this as a strong family unit, and wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him. ‘As Bruce always says, “Live it up” and together we plan to do just that. Love, Emma, Demi, Rumer, Scout, Tallulah, Mabel, & Evelyn.’ Scout later thanked everyone for their support, telling fans: ‘The exquisite outpouring of love that I am experiencing right now is just blowing me away. ‘Thank you all for showing up with so much tenderness and stunning love for my daddio and my whole family!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bridgerton creator addresses why fans didn’t get to see Kate and Anthony’s wedding in season 2 after disappointment MORE : Good Morning Britain’s Kate Garraway forced to clarify she doesn’t want NHS to be privatised: ‘I didn’t at any point say that’ 