The Academy has moved forward the hearing to discuss Will Smith slapping Chris Rock at the 2022 Oscars by 10 days. The meeting is now set to take place on Friday, April 8, moved forward from April 18. Academy President David Rubin wrote to the board of governors, confirming the new date and saying that the hearing would ‘address possible sanctions for Will Smith in response to his actions during the Oscars broadcast.’ The letter continues: ‘The April 18 date was set in accordance with California law and our Standards of Conduct because our agenda included possible suspension or expulsion of Mr Smith from membership. ‘We were required to provide Mr Smith notice 15 days prior to the board meeting at which such action might be taken, and also give him the opportunity to provide the board a written statement no less than five days prior to that meeting.’ He added that following Smith’s resignation from the Academy, ‘suspension or expulsion are no longer a possibility and the legally prescribed timetable no longer applies. It is in the best interest of all involved for this to be handled in a timely fashion.’ After Rock, 57, made a joke about Smith’s wife Jada Pinkett Smith’s hair, comparing her to GI Jane, the King Richard actor, 53, stormed the stage, slapping the comic, before returning to his seat and swearing at him. Smith, who won the best actor Oscar moments later, has since resigned from The Academy and apologised for his behaviour. Following the shocking incident, Smith wrote: ‘Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. ‘My behavior at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally.’ He added: ‘I would like to publicly apologize to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong. I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness.  ‘I would also like to apologize to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world. I would like to apologize to the Williams Family and my King Richard Family. I deeply regret that my behavior has stained what has been an otherwise gorgeous journey for all of us. ‘I am a work in progress.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for The Academy and Will Smith for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ricky Gervais slams people for calling Jada Pinkett Smith’s alopecia a ‘disability’ MORE : Oscars audience ‘could have had Will Smith arrested’ over Chris Rock slap 