Jennifer Lopez has confirmed she and Ben Affleck are engaged again, sharing the happy news in an announcement to fans. The singer, 52, sent out a video message to fans in her newsletter on Friday, which revealed her stunning green ring as a teary-eyed Jennifer put a hand up to her face, before she can be heard saying: ‘You’re perfect’. Fans had already suspected that Ben, 49, might have popped the question as Jennifer had been seen with a large ring on her wedding finger last week while furniture shopping with her daughter Emme, 14. The singer did not address it at the time and TMZ claims she spun the stone around to face her palm when she spotted photographers in the vicinity. News of Bennifer’s engagement comes a year after they rekindled their relationship after 17 years apart. The pair previously began dating in July 2002 and got engaged in November of the same year, however they postponed their wedding which had been scheduled for September 2003 and ultimately split in January 2004. In February, Jennifer revealed that their relationship was different this time around, telling People: ‘We’re older now, we’re smarter, we have more experience, we’re at different places in our lives, we have kids now, and we have to be very conscious of those things. ‘It’s a beautiful outcome that this has happened in this way at this time in our lives where we can really appreciate and celebrate each other and respect each other, ‘We always did, but we have even more of an appreciation because we know that life can take you in different directions.’ Jennifer has 14-year-old twins Emme and Max with ex-husband Marc Anthony, while ben shares daughters Violet, 16, and Seraphina, 13, and son Samuel, 10, with ex-wife Jennifer Garner. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jennifer Lopez wears huge diamond ring on outing with daughter as her relationship with Ben Affleck goes strong MORE : Jennifer Lopez knows way to Ben Affleck’s heart as she feeds him cookies in sweet moment while running errands 