Never let it be said that free isn’t one of our favourite words, just take this week, with Wagyu Beef and sausage rolls tantalising our tastebuds. Add to that a host of al fresco dining and drinking options bringing up the rear, a good old-fashioned car boot sale, sustainable boozing on a brand new hotel terrace and Earth Day celebrations. Obviously we’ll be topping that up with some light disco dancing. Well, someone’s got to do it… Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No, what’s the matter with you, it’s an art installation by Philippine artist Leeroy New to mark Earth Day. It’s called The Arks of Gimokudan and it has taken over the courtyard of Somerset House to remind us, among other things, of what a perilous position countries like Mr. New’s homeland are in with the climate emergency. Consisting of three ships made entirely from reused and recycled materials and plastic waste, it’s a three-metre-high totally Instagrammable experience loaded with history and meaning in a neoclassical courtyard that was already pretty stunning. An important piece of work, an important day and the bars at Somerset House are nice too, just saying. Until April 26, Somerset House, Strand, WC2 If there’s one thing we like more than food (apart from booze, obvs), it’s free food, especially when it’s high quality Japanese-style Wagyu beef. Who would be crazy enough to give away something like that, we hear you ask. Flat Iron, that’s who. Yep, Head of Beef (which is apparently a job), Fred Smith of Flat Iron has sourced some of the very best Black Wagyu and is so keen for everyone to taste it – this being the very first time it’s been available in the UK – that he’s giving the stuff away! Just turn up as early as you can after 6pm on the designated day and fill your boots. Oh and don’t forget to sample their famous beef dripping chips while you’re at it. From 6pm, next Wednesday (April 27) 41-45 The Cut, SE1 Halston, Gucci and Fiorrucci at the ready (it’s from a Sister Sledge song!) as we’re going south to the Brixton Disco Festival to enjoy. Happening across a variety of venues around Windrush Square, the celebration of all things glamorous and dancey will include British disco stars like Mr Scruff with Colleen ‘Cosmo’ Murphy, Dave Lee ZR and The Shapeshifters with Toni Tinks and Obi Franky. And it’s not just about the music and the dancing and the flirting and whatever else you feel is appropriate behaviour at a disco, there’s also a special screening of seminal Vogueing documentary Paris Is Burning at the Ritzy. Apply body glitter in readiness. Next Saturday (April 30), various venues, Brixton That burst of great weather over the weekend has reminded us how much fun it is to eat outside. Al fresco, if you like. And there are some great new places to get fresco in like Willows on The Roof at John Lewis in Oxford Street, if you don’t mind, with chicken courtesy of Tinie Tempah! Then there’s the brilliantly named Umbrella Workshop in Shoreditch, where the guys behind The Sun Tavern and Discount Suit Company are throwing open the pavement in a cute little mews for cocktails and nosh. Then it’s over to SushiSamba in Bishopsgage to get lost amidst the foliage on their terraces at Heron Tower as we sample fusion foods with lashings of exotic cocktails. Let’s take this outside. Various venues If they think they can lure us to a new pub in Clerkenwell with the promise of free freshly made sausage rolls… then they are absolutely bang on the money. We are already totally available to check out new places to imbibe and the addition of free savouries (and how good do sausage and cranberry rolls sound? Especially when made from the finest Gloucestershire Old Spot sausage meat) has definitely clinched it. Look out for the hidden hatch, knock on the door and tell them your best knock knock joke (it’s what the internet was invented for, looking things up) and bag your free sausage roll to enjoy in your new favourite neighbourhood pub, The Clerk & Well. Tomorrow (April 21), 156 Clerkenwell Road, EC1 Could there be a more classic weekend activity than a car boot sale? Well, forget a bunch of dusty Vauxhall Cavaliers parked on school playing field, we are going upscale at Kings Cross’s Granary Square and Coal Drops Yard at an event curated by Wayne Hemingway’s HemingwayDesign. Out are dog-eared paperbacks and single shoes, in are classic cars and scooters, vinyl (very appropriate considering it’s Record Store Day!) and over 100 stalls selling pretty much everything with an emphasis on upcycled fashion, what with it being Earth Day and all. Factor in the raising of money for charity, street food and tipples and we’re looking at a well cool day out. Saturday and Sunday (April 23 and 24) Kings Cross, N1 Would you like 50% off your pizza? Do bears freshen up in the woods? Well get thee down to the brand new opening from indie pizza folk Zia Lucia before April 27 and you can enjoy their famous four doughs (why four? Nobody knows but they’re slow-fermented for flavour) for pretty much half of what you would usually pay. And it’s not just any old pizza joint, either. Thanks to a collaboration with local street artist Alo, there’s an ‘urban expressionist’ portrait of the Aunty Lucia the restaurant is named for, which means tasty carbs and Insta opps all in one spot. Just don’t break the internet, you hear. Offer until April 27, 61 Stoke Newington Church Street, N16 As if Stratford wasn’t already fancy enough (we remember when you used to lock the car doors as you drove through!), it’s now fancied itself up even more with the opening of a brand new hotel on the very fringes of Queen Elizabeth Park. It’s called The Gantry and to celebrate Earth Day this Friday, they are opening their summer terrace in partnership with South African gin brand, Inverroche, who are creating a totally sustainable G&T menu – because no one wants guilt with their tipple, right? With menus printed on plantable seeded paper, coasters with seeds in and, most importantly, gin to enjoy on the beautiful floral wraparound terrace, it sounds like summer’s sorted. 40 Celebration Avenue, E20 Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : We tried Guinness Cold Brew Coffee Beer – this is our verdict MORE : Get 100 Greggs sausage rolls (or flights to Barbados) by switching bank accounts