Olivia Wilde has shared new details about boyfriend Harry Styles’ performance in her film Don’t Worry Darling, and she’s full of compliments. The Booksmart director, 38, shared the first full trailer of the upcoming film with audiences at CinemaCon in Las Vegas on Tuesday and promised big things from Harry, 28. Olivia called the project ‘ambitious’ and added that Harry’s performance is ‘truly a revelation’. She also joked that her boyfriend Harry is ‘an up-and-coming actor with no other career that I’m aware of.’ The psychological thriller also stars Midsommar’s Florence Pugh as a 1950s housewife in a utopian experimental community. She becomes worried that her husband, played by Harry, and his glamorous company might be hiding disturbing secrets. Referencing iconic ‘movies that push the boundaries of our imagination’ like Inception, The Matrix, and The Truman Show as influences for Don’t Worry Darling, Olivia explained: ‘I want you to imagine a life where you have everything you could want. ‘Not just material things… but true love and friendship. What would it take for you to give up that perfect life? Are you willing to dismantle the system that’s designed to serve the world?’ Olivia also revealed that she had pitched the movie to 18 studios before getting the go ahead to film it, but had wanted to ‘aim for the moon’ if she got a chance to direct again after Booksmart. The director added that Florence ‘lives or dies’ by her role, with the movie also starring Chris Pine, Gemma Chan and Nick Kroll. In conjunction with Olivia’s CinemaCon appearance, Warner Bros also tweeted out a photo of Harry and Florence cuddling in bed from the movie, confirming the release date. The film’s teaser trailer was also released last September, giving fans a short glimpse at what to expect, with a series of interactions between Florence and Harry before she questions where her husband has gone, only to be told by a mystery voice: ‘Away. Nothing for you to concern yourself with.’ Don’t Worry Darling is scheduled for release in cinemas on September 23. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles recalls feeling ‘so ashamed’ about sex before dating Olivia Wilde in frank sexuality talk MORE : Kim Kardashian denies attempting to cancel Blac Chyna’s show but demanded she be kept off KUWTK as she testifies in court 