Piers Morgan has revealed the first guest on his brand-new TalkTV show will be none other than Donald Trump. The former Good Morning Britain host has been teasing his fans on social media in recent days, as he gears up to launch his latest gig. Earlier on Wednesday, he tweeted: ‘At 9pm tonight, I will reveal my first guest on @PiersUncensored. ’It’s a sensational jaw-dropping interview that will make global news for days.’ He wasted no time confirming who would be set to kick off his tenure with a bang – the actual former President himself. The 30-second long trailer shows the interview with the pair, who aren’t on great terms, quickly descend into chaos. Trump says: ‘I think I’m a very honest man, much more honest than you, actually,’ with Morgan responding: ‘Really?’ Morgan goes on to challenge him on his view on the election result, telling him there is a lack of ‘hard evidence’ to suggest Joe Biden wasn’t fairly elected. Trump famously declared victory the morning after the election in November 2021 and went on to claim election fraud after Biden was projected the winner days later. In the trailer, he goes on to call the host ‘dishonest’ and demands the crew to ‘turn the camera off.’ Seconds later, he storms off the set – in a moment strangely reminiscent of the broadcaster himself. It comes after Piers gave an insight into his snazzy new set, where he will be seen grilling guests on his weeknight show. Designed by TalkTV executive director Erron Gordon and Emmy award-winning designer Jim Fenhagen, the space boasts a 360-degree design to allow shooting from every angle. Gordon explained the process, sharing: ‘I began with an absolutely blank canvas in terms of the studio space – with the simple vision to create something as unique as the show itself. ‘Knowing Piers Morgan Uncensored will be broadcast across three continents, we have created a truly state-of-the-art environment containing unique design elements not yet seen in British TV news.’ TalkTV will launch on April 25. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Prince Harry hints he may not return for Jubilee after saying ‘US is home’ MORE : Jessie J appears to confirm relationship with basketball player Chanan Colman as pair cuddle up on day out together 