Nicki Minaj has opened up about her sobriety on Twitter and how much she is ‘loving life’ since making the change. The rapper, 39, had responded to a fan who asked if she was high, confirming: ‘No I’m sober & loving life. You?’ She the added: ‘I used to b happy when I was high. Now I’m happy when I’m sober. No judgement to anyone. Be gentle with yourself.’ Nicki added: ‘My eyes naturally look like that and ppl always think I’m high when I’m not wearing makeup.’ She then joked: ‘Plus my eyes are naturally gray & I was born in the Caribbean islands of Cuba. The 1st paragraph was [100%] true tho.’ Nicki has previously spoken about how becoming a mother changed her, after welcoming her son 18 months ago with husband Kenneth Petty. The Superbass star became a mother in September 2020, and told James Corden on The Late Late Show that it made her ‘see more good in people’ and ‘more good in the universe.’ She added: ‘It makes you more of a forgiving person. When I look at my son, I’m reminded that I am so blessed. ‘I realised, for so many women, this is their dream. Their dream is to have a child and not everybody gets that blessing. ‘So when you have a little baby, you are reminded every day like, “Oh my God. Thank you God for this little gift.”’ She also revealed on a recent appearance on James Corden’s Carpool Karaoke that she suffers with anxiety after being trolled since being in the public eye. Nicki admitted: ‘I think when you are a woman and you’re in the public eye all the time, if you’re not careful you can become less confident because you’re being constantly scrutinised. ‘I just don’t think it’s natural. It’s not natural for a human being to just always feel like everyone’s critiquing them.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nicki Minaj absolutely nails Adele impression as she joins James Corden in first Carpool Karaoke in two years MORE : Romeo Beckham, 19, is ‘ready for marriage with Mia Regan, 19,’ after Brooklyn and Nicola Peltz got wed 