Blac Chyna’s court case against the Kardashians has got off to a rocky start as the famous family were insulted to their faces by prospective jurors, including one particularly awkward mention of Kim’s sex tape. American model Chyna is suing the Kardashians, alleging that Kris, Kim, Khloe and Kylie specifically were responsible for her reality show, Rob and Chyna, being axed. Chyna, real name Angela White, was engaged to Kardashian brother Rob and the pair share five-year-old daughter Dream together; their reality show was axed after they split in 2016. While Rob’s attorney said their split is what caused the show to end, Chyna insists the Kardashians plotted to ensure her show was taken off the air. The model is suing the Kardashians for a whopping $108 million (£83 million) in damages, according to court documents seen by the Mail Online; $44 million for ‘past economic damage’ and $64 million for ‘future economic damage’. Being such a high-profile case involving some of the world’s most famous faces, it was always going to be difficult to find a jury made entirely of unbiased people with no knowledge or prejudgement of the situation. This was made all the more clear on Monday when Kris, Kim, Khloe and Kylie arrived in a Los Angeles courtroom to watch the jury selection and were made to sit through hours of prospective jurors insulting them. One potential juror who asked to be excused from the case told the judge he would not be neutral as he had watched Kim’s sex tape with ex Ray J, which was leaked in 2007. The middle-aged man said he had ‘never watched the Kardashian show but I have watched the Kardashian sex tape and I don’t think I could be neutral in this case’, with laughter reportedly breaking out in the courtroom, according to the Mail. ‘I’m going to be playing that sex tape in my head and possibly not listening too closely,’ the same man said later, however he was interrupted by the judge who told him ‘we got the point’. Another man asked to be deselected from the jury as he could not be unbiased about the Kardashians, telling the court ‘anything that has to do with their names is just a bit no for me… I don’t think reality TV is good for society.’ One woman said she had banned her daughter from watching Keeping Up With The Kardashians, while another said they ‘sincerely hope none of these people get any wealthier’ from the court case, according to The Independent. ‘I just want to say I have a very negative perception of the parties and I’m not sure I could be unbiased,’ one man said, while another voiced his anger at the perceived special treatment the defendants were getting, pointing out they were getting ‘Fiji water hand-delivered to them as they sit in court’. Not all of the reaction was negative however, with one man reportedly admitting he would not be able to remain unbiased in the trial as he was ‘a big fan’ of the Kardashians. Despite everything, the Kardashian family appeared relaxed in court, and were smiling and laughing with each other during breaks; they are all expected to testify during the trial. Chyna became embroiled in the legal battle with her ex-fiance’s mum and sisters after alleging they made sure her and Rob’s reality series was axed, which she said ‘not only hurt me financially and emotionally, that hurt my beautiful KIDS.’ She continued: ‘I’m taking them to court to stand up for my legal rights and to be an example to my kids that “what’s right is right, what’s wrong is wrong.” And what they did was so wrong.’ Chyna also has a nine-year-old son, King Cairo, who she shares with Kylie’s ex Tyga. Rob and Chyna endured a very public split in late 2016, with Rob posting explicit photos of his ex online, prompting her to get a restraining order against him in 2017. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Blac Chyna ‘hurt financially’ by Kardashians as she makes new statement on lawsuit MORE : Rob Kardashian speaks out after ending Blac Chyna legal battle on eve of court trial 