Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker are supposedly ‘married’ after tying the knot in a secret Las Vegas ceremony. The pair walked the red carpet at the Grammys this weekend, with reports now emerging that they became husband and wife in a wedding chapel at 1:30am on Monday, hours after the bash. The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star, 42, and Blink-182 rocker, 46, have reportedly been together since December 2020, but only went public with their romance after three months. As Kardashian fans all over the world go wild over the marriage rumours, let’s take a trip down memory lane and remind ourselves how Kravis came to be. It might seem like they’ve only known each other for a couple of years, but Kravis go way back (to 2017). The pair first met as neighbours in their private Calabasas neighbourhood and were spotted on several occasions hanging out and going for lunch. They were also spotted together with their children, as Kourtney shares Mason, Penelope and Reign with ex husband Scott Disick, from whom she split in 2015. Meanwhile, Travis is father to Alabama and Landon, both of whom are his biological kids. He shares Alabama and Landon with ex wife Shanna Moakler, whom he was married to for four years until separating in 2008. Travis is also very close with stepchild Atiana De La Hoya, from Shanna’s previous relationship. At the start of 2021, Kravis became an item after they went from friends to lovers. After being seen on dates at restaurants around LA, and also holidaying in Palm Springs at momager Kris Jenner’s home, they took their relationship to the next level. On Valentine’s Day of 2021, the hot new couple announced their relationship to the world with a sweet Instagram post (because nothing is real anymore unless it’s on Insta, right?) They solidified their romance with a cute PDA pic, showing them holding hands in the car together. Naturally, social media was sent into a frenzy and little did we know it was the first of many public displays of affection to come. It seems to have become a running theme in the Kardashian clan, that boyfs must get their GF’s names tattooed on their bodies. Most recently, SNL comedian Pete Davidson added several inkings to his already extensive collection, all dedicated to Kim. But, Travis did it first when he got a tattoo of name on his chest in April 2021. Since making his love for the mum-of-three well and truly permanent, the musician has got a handful of other tats in Kourt’s honour including her lips on his bicep and the words ‘I love you’ written in her handwriting. Until August 2021, Travis had not been on a plane since he was involved in a deadly plane crash in 2008, during which four people died. So, boarding a flight with Kourtney was a huge deal for him, and he credits her for giving him the courage to do so, writing on Instagram at the time, ‘With you, anything is possible.’ The 2008 crash left Travis with third-degree burns over half of his body and traumatised him for a long time. But with Kourtney by his side in summer 2021, he flew to Cabo and later claimed he felt ‘invincible’ so long as she was with him. Travis had previously revealed his desires to travel the world with Kourtney, and she promised to go with him. Kravis made their first red carpet appearance as an item at the 2021 VMAs. Not ones to shy away from being affectionate in front of the cameras, the stars enjoyed a few smooches as they looked every inch the ‘it’ couple in all-black outfits. Kourtney looked ultra smitten with a beaming smile on her face while Travis, erm, basically sucked her face. Since, the pair only seem to have become more comfortable in snogging for the paps. Kourtney said ‘yes’ in October 2021 after less than a year of dating. Travis proposed to the KUWTK star while enjoying a getaway in Santa Barbara. He got down on one knee on the beach, presenting his bride-to-be with a sparkling Lorraine Schwartz diamond, that is said to have cost $1million (£764k). Oh, and if that wasn’t romantic enough, they were also surrounded by a sea of roses. The Kardashian fam stopped documenting their lives as we know it when their E! reality series ended, however, they’ve since started working on a new Hulu show named The Kardashians. Little did we know that cameras caught the whole Kravis proposal on film, so we hope we’ll get to see more when the series lands this month. Kourtney’s relationship with Scott was well-documented on KUWTK, from every high to every low. As the release date for The Kardashians approaches (April 15), she’s confirmed Travis will be a part of it, but she is ‘very protective’ of their relationship. Revealing that, while he will make appearances, Travis won’t be her main ‘storyline’ on the show, Kourtney told Variety: ‘I definitely hold my relationship really close. It’s so sacred to me and I am very protective of it. I think I’ve learned a lot of lessons. ‘There is a lot of us on there, and we’ve had such a good time doing it because we have such a good time when we’re together, but I definitely want to protect it as much as I can. But also, this is my life.’ And here we are today! With Kourtney and Travis reportedly married. It is said that they wed at the One Love Wedding Chapel following the Grammys, but no more details have been divulged. Therefore, it is not known whether Kravis obtained a marriage licence prior to the ceremony, but it is said that an Elvis Presley impersonator officiated the wedding. ‘They came, got married, tossed the bouquet in the driveway, and danced to Elvis. They showed a lot of love and had a lot of fun,’ chapel owner Marty Frierson told PEOPLE. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price ‘splashes out on £179,000 pink Ferrari’ despite two-year ban after drink-driving charge MORE : Mila Kunis reminds children of Ukrainian heritage: ‘It is incredibly important to know where you came from’ 