Manchester United are set to finalise the appointment of Erik ten Hag as their new boss, according to reports. The hunt for a new permanent manager to succeed Ole Gunnar Solskjaer finally looks to be coming to a close following interviews with several candidates. Ajax boss Ten Hag and PSG’s Mauricio Pochettino were both interviewed, while Spain coach Luis Enrique and Sevilla’s Julen Lopetegui were also considered on a four-man shortlist to replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick in the summer. But according to ESPN, United chiefs have now decided Ten Hag is the man they’re set to appoint with the Dutchman prepared to walk away from Ajax at the end of the season. Football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher have led the search for United’s new boss, reporting in to chief executive Richard Arnold and joint-chairman Joel Glazer. Widespread reports have suggested club officials have been in disagreement over whether Ten Hag or Pochettino would be the best fit but ESPN now claim Arnold and Glazer are in agreement that the 52-year-old is the best man for the job. Rene Meulensteen, who previously worked under Sir Alex Ferguson from 2007-13, is said to be among the candidates being considered as Ten Hag’s assistant. Ten Hag admitted only last week he hoped Ajax would understand if he opted to leave for a ‘great club’ like United. ‘My focus is currently only on Ajax, but in football you never know,’ said Ten Hag. ‘I don’t want to rule anything out. ‘I’m currently employed here at Ajax to perform. With the cup final against Eindhoven we still have eight finals left and I need all my energy for that. Anything else would just be a distraction. ‘I know that everything in football can change from one day to the next. If at some point I should decide to take the next step, I hope that people here will understand.’ Asked to confirm or deny speaking to United, Ten Hag added: ‘Everyone knows each other in the industry. There are always talks with representatives from other clubs, that’s normal. ‘Manchester United is a great club with great fans, but I can only repeat myself: my full focus is completely on Ajax. ‘We are already planning for the new season. I’ve sat down with Ajax after every season so far. That will also be the case this time. ‘I can say that Ajax and Erik ten Hag are very happy with each other at the moment.’ MORE : Erik ten Hag will urge Manchester United to sign Ruben Neves if he becomes manager MORE : What Erik ten Hag told Manchester United about struggling Old Trafford players during job interview For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 