A friend and colleague of Sir David Amess has said his killer used his right to a jury trial in order to ‘gloat’ about his crimes. Richard Hillgrove spoke to Sir David on a Zoom call moments before the MP was repeatedly stabbed by Ali Harbi Ali at a constituency surgery. Mr Hillgrove reacted after the 26-year-old was found guilty of murdering the Conservative MP on October 15 last year. Mr Hillgrove said: ‘It’s a sad day that someone can use our legal system to gloat and it’s very distressing for the family to have to relive all of this again. ‘It’s all because of someone who has shown no remorse whatsoever. ‘It’s quite a chilling day. He exercised his legal right to a trial but I don’t know how he could say he was not guilty before standing in court admitting to everything and finding everything amusing. ‘It’s a sad day for our legal system.’ Sir David, 69, took part in an online call with Mr Hillgrove which ended at 12.02pm, three minutes before he was stabbed 21 times by Ali as he held a constituency surgery at Belfairs Methodist Church in Leigh-on-Sea, Essex. The terrorist used a carving knife and had been spurred on by ISIS propaganda. He told the Old Bailey he had no regrets over the killing as it meant the MP for Southend West could no longer ‘harm Muslims’. Ali was referring to Sir David’s voting record on the UK’s foreign policy, including air strikes on Syria. The jury deliberated for 18 minutes this afternoon before finding the defendant, from Kentish Town, north London, guilty of murder and a charge of preparing acts of terrorism. He refused to stand in the dock as the jury delivered its verdict, citing ‘religious grounds’. Mr Hillgrove, 50, a PR professional, told Metro.co.uk that Sir David’s work and legacy will live on through the virtual parliament. The veteran politician was the MPs’ champion for the project, which brings together hundreds of children from different constituencies to debate and learn about the topical issues of the day. There is also a headteachers’ champion, Peter Spencer-Lane, who leads Saint Pierre School in Leigh-on-Sea. Mr Hillgrove’s daughter, Lola, who had been paired with Sir David through the project, attends the school, which hosted a meeting between the MP’s daughter, actress Katie Amess, and the prime minister in February. Mr Hillgrove said: ‘The legacy of Sir David Amess and all the good he did will be continued through the Children’s Parliament, which is ongoing and which his eldest daughter, Katie Amess, has agreed to become patron of. ‘She met Boris Johnson last month after accepting the patronage. ‘The next topic on May 26 will be about how we can make the world a safer place and kids will be debating a broad range of issues ranging from the Russian invasion of Ukraine to knife crime. Lennox Rodgers, a former prisoner, will be talking to some of the kids about county lines. ‘Young people face a swarm of global tensions and the parliament allows them a voice on the topics that matter. ‘Long may the Children’s Parliament continue its good work.’ Ali had spent years plotting to kill an MP, researching targets including Michael Gove, Dominic Raab and Sir Keir Starmer. The university dropout posed as a healthcare worker who was moving to the area in order to gain access to the surgery, the Old Bailey was told. He pleaded not guilty to the charges on December 21. Sir David is also survived by his wife, Julia, and four other children, David, Sarah, Alexandra and Florence. Ali is due to be sentenced at the court tomorrow. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.