Love was certainly in the air at the Grammys tonight with Addison Rae and Brandi Carlile among the smitten stars putting on all the PDA with their partners. TikTok star, actress and Kourtney Kardashian’s bestie Addison was blissfully in her own love bubble with boyfriend Omer Fedi, as they arrived at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas on Sunday. The couple gave the photographers a front row seat to their love-fest as Omer licked her cheek before sharing a very tongue-heavy kiss. Addison and Omer were first linked in July 2021 and they’ve been going strong ever since. They have a lot in common as Omer, who hails from Tel Aviv, is also a musician and has been nominated for Grammys in the past thanks to his work with some of the biggest stars in music, and signed to Universal Music Group in 2020. They weren’t the only happy couples on the block, as singer Brandi rocked up to the red carpet with her wife Catherine Shepherd and didn’t hold back on the affection, with the pair sharing several kisses while posing for photos. Brandi and Catherine have been married since 2012 and share two children, Evangeline, eight, and Elijah, four. It’s a big night for Brandi as she is nominated for an impressive five awards at this year’s Grammys, including best pop solo performance, record of the year and song of the year for Right On Time. Paris Hilton arrived at the awards with husband Carter Reum on her arm. The businessman gave her special attention by planting a kiss on her cheek as they posed for photos, showing they’re clearly still enjoying the honeymoon phase after tying the knot in November. Justin and Hailey Bieber were their usual loved-up selves as they puckered up for the photographers. Chrissy Teigen and John Legend looked happy and relaxed as they were snapped on the red carpet, while Latin superstar J Balvin put on PDA with girlfriend Valentina Ferrer. Comedian Chelsea Handler arrived at the star-studded bash with her boyfriend Jo Koy, while Victoria Sigel and James Hunt were pictured sharing kisses on the red carpet. Trevor Noah will do the honours of hosting the Grammys ceremony, with performances set to come from Olivia Rodrigo, Lil Nas X, Billie Eilish and Silk Sonic. There will also be a special tribute to late Foo Fighters star Taylor Hawkins who died last month, and acclaimed composer Stephen Sondheim who died in November. Among those competing for the coveted album of the year, are Justin Bieber, Doja Cat and Jon Batiste. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Grammys 2022: Chelsea Handler praises Chris Rock for ‘not reacting’ to Will Smith’s slap at Oscars MORE : All the Grammys 2022 red carpet looks you need to see 