Boris Johnson has approved Rishi Sunak’s request for an independent investigation into his finances. The chancellor asked for the investigation in the hope that it would clear his name following a barrage of criticism about his family’s tax affairs. His billionaire wife, Akshata Murty, dramatically announced she would start paying UK taxes on her overseas income, which she was not legally required to do as a non-domiciled (non-dom) resident. The tax status, which is thought to have saved her £2.1 million a year in payments to the Treasury, is intended for residents of the UK whose ‘permanent home’ is outside the UK. Further questions were raised after it emerged the couple, who lived in America in the 2000s, held onto their US green cards for years after he became a government minister. The chancellor had previously insisted his wife sought non-dom status because she planned to return to her native India. But holders of US residency are required to make an effective legal commitment that America is their ‘forever home’. Mr Sunak did not give up his green card until his first official visit to the States as chancellor in October 2021, some 19 months after he was put in charge of the Treasury. He has since said that he had ‘always followed the rules’ and hoped the review by Lord Geidt, the Independent Adviser on Ministers’ Interests, would ‘provide further clarity’. A spokeswoman for the prime minister said: ‘I can confirm that the prime minister has agreed to the request from the chancellor for Lord Geidt to undertake this work. ‘The prime minister has full confidence in the chancellor.’ Lord Geidt headed last year’s investigation into allegations of impropriety surrounding luxury refurbishments made to the flat above 11 Downing Street, where Mr Johnson lives. Lord Geidt reportedly considered resigning from his role in December after an investigation by the Electoral Commission found the prime minister had made a false statement to him about his knowledge of the funding. The PM gave a ‘humble and sincere’ apology for failling to disclose WhatsApp messages with a Tory peer who funded the works. Lord Geidt criticised Mr Johnson for acting ‘unwisely’ but said the PM had not been deliberately misleading. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.