Jeremy Kyle’s long-awaited return to the small screen sparked a mixed reaction from TalkTV viewers online. After months of promotion, the channel made its debut on Monday April 25, with the former talk show host presenting alongside Sharon Osbourne. The 56-year-old broadcaster has kept a low profile after his titular ITV programme, The Jeremy Kyle Show was axed in May 2019, following the death of guest Steve Dymond. As Jeremy, Sharon, Esther Krakue, Tonia Buxton, and JJ Anisiobi discussed the current stories dominating the headlines, several viewers commented on Jeremy’s presence. One person tweeted: ‘Wow. @TalkTV hired Jeremy Kyle. It seems as an industry we really do have no standards or accountability anymore.’ ‘Absolutely gutted @TalkTV why would you put Jeremy Kyle back on tv! Now I won’t watch,’ another added. While the majority weren’t impressed, some fans were gushing over Sharon and Jeremy’s partnership, with one writing: ‘Loving TalkTV so far – Piers is his brilliant self and loving Sharon Osborne and Jeremy Kyle’s panel discussion.’ Jeremy was hit with intense backlash after the Chanel 4 documentary Death explored the scandal that happened behind the scenes of the popular chat show – which ran from 2005 to 2019 – with former employees claiming bosses were abusive and manipulative. One of the shocking allegations made in the tell-all claimed that the producers weren’t allowed food until guests were booked. After viewers listened to the alleged horrors that occurred behind the scenes, many called on TalkRadio to fire Jeremy from his current gig. Jeremy addressed the allegations made in the documentary during his drivetime segment last month. ‘I will say only this, my friends, to you. I have maintained a consistent approach over the last three years,’ he said. ‘I have said that I will not comment on the tragic death of Steve Dymond until the legal process is finished, and that is a position that I will maintain.’ He added: ‘When and trust me there will be a time after the inquest, when it is proper for me to have my say, because there are two sides to every story. I will do it here, and I will do it to you, and that is the most important thing.’ The Talk airs weeknights from 9pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dr Hilary Jones slammed by GMB viewers after claiming GPs who work just 3 days a week are doing ‘more hours than most’ MORE : Piers Morgan gloats after explosive Donald Trump interview beats all TV rivals’ figures ‘combined’ 