Russia’s foreign minister has warned the threat of nuclear war ‘should not be underestimated’ as the war in Ukraine enters a critical phase. Western arms are pouring into the country in a bid to bolster the army in the face of a renewed assault by Kremlin forces. Vladimir Putin has made it clear he considers the arms shipments amount to an escalation in what risks developing into a proxy war against Russia. Now Sergei Lavrov has reiterated a threat to target Western arms deliveries and once again raised the prospect of atomic weapons being used. Speaking on Russian television, he said ‘everyone is reciting incantations that in no case can we allow World War Three’ but that Western nations are ‘pouring oil on the fire’. According to a transcript posted on the Russian Foreign Ministry’s website, he said of the potential of nuclear conflict: ‘I would not want to see these risks artificially inflated now, when the risks are rather significant. ‘The danger is serious. It is real. It should not be underestimated.’ His comments come days after a test of Russia’s new intercontinental ballistic missile, which Mr Putin said would give the West ‘food for thought’. The rocket is said to be capable of striking Europe and the US with nuclear warheads and is due to be fully operational in a matter of months. UK defence secretary Ben Wallace confirmed in the Commons yesterday that Britain is supplying armoured vehicles fitted with anti-air missiles, the latest in a series of lethal deliveries to the Ukrainian armed forces. He described the Russian military’s organisation as ‘woeful’, adding: ‘I don’t celebrate the loss of anyone’s life and when I see the huge casualty rates of Russian soldiers, as a former soldier I think it is a disgrace, a betrayal of those young men.’ In an interview with the Associated Press, Ukraine’s foreign minister warned that if western powers want to ‘stop Putin in Ukraine and not to allow him to go further, deeper into Europe’, then countries need to speed up the delivery of the weapons requested by Ukraine. Russian strikes targeted five Ukrainian railways stations, in what the Institute for the Study of War called ‘a likely effort to disrupt Ukrainian reinforcements to eastern Ukraine and Western aid shipments’. The progress of Kremlin troops in the east of the country has been insignificant and slow in recent days. A new offensive to annex the Donbas region – which has been partly controlled by pro-Moscow forces since 2014 – is under way but is yet to produce a significant breakthrough. Mr Putin is said to have demanded some form of victory to declare at the annual military parade due to be held in Moscow on May 9 but progress remains elusive. Meanwhile on the ground, new evidence of the human toll already inflicted on Ukraine by the war has reportedly been unearthed. MORE : Putin accuses Ukraine of plot to assassinate Russian TV journalist with car bomb Mariupol mayor Vadym Boychenko said authorities are trying to estimate the number of victims in a new mass grave he says was identified about six miles north of Mariupol. It could be the latest in a string of burial sites found close to the ruined city, which has fallen largely under Russian control and where a fresh offensive to dislodge the last remaining Ukrainian soldiers is under way. Satellite images have confirmed the presence of freshly dug graves around the city in recent weeks. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.