Stacey Dooley is visibly stunned after hearing a glamour model reveal the vile death threats she receives in tonight’s first episode of Stacey Dooley Sleeps Over series 3. The show returns with the documentary maker spending a long weekend with former Page 3 girl Carla Bellucci and her family in scenes due to air on W on Monday evening. Carla runs an extremely successful OnlyFans account, which earns her a hefty sum each week. This success has caught the eye of her 16-year-old daughter, who is keen to follow in her footsteps, with cosmetic surgery also on the agenda when she turns 18. But Carla’s career hasn’t been a walk in the park and she admits in front of her two children and partner that she has been inundated with death threats. In an exclusive clip shared with Metro.co.uk, Stacey asks her: ‘I’ve seen on your Instagram that you’ve turned the comments off. What kinds of things were they saying?’ ‘Anything,’ Carla replies. ‘[They’d go] “Ew, your foot, your hand, your toe, your skin is horrific. I’ve never seen skin so bad”.’ ‘When you’re constantly consuming vile messages about yourself, that is disheartening,’ Stacey acknowledges. ‘I always get, “go kill yourself”,’ Carla adds. ‘That’s their favourite thing to say to me.’ Stacy is seen with her mouth ajar as she listens to what Carla has been forced to endure at the hands of trolls. Elsewhere in the clip, Carla’s daughter expresses her interest in copying her mother’s career. ‘I’d like to [have an OnlyFans account],’ she discloses. ‘I’ve seen the money come in for you [mum].’ The brand new series of Stacey Dooley Sleeps Over follows Stacey as she stays with three families that each have strong women at their centre. The remaining episodes see the television star hang out with 70-year-old Dominatrix Sherry and Jemma McGowan, a young mum fighting incurable cancer. From sharing family meals to attending important life-changing events, Stacey gets involved in all aspects of the families’ lives to intimately explore their attitudes to love, relationships, parenting and money. Honest and insightful, the series reveals the things that make us different but also the things that we all have in common. Stacey Dooley Sleeps Over returns to W tonight at 10pm. Catch up on UKTV Play. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 