Amber Heard expressed that she has always ‘maintained a love’ for her ex-husband Johnny Depp, as she prepares for the defamation trial on Monday. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor, 58, sued his 35-year-old ex-wife for $50 million (£39million) for defamation after she wrote an op-ed for the Washington Post in which she described herself as a victim of domestic violence, though she didn’t name her former spouse, and in return, she countersued for $100 million (£76,714,200). However, Depp categorically denies the article’s implication that he was violent toward her. Addressing the upcoming trial on social media, Heard wrote: ‘I’m going to go offline for the next several weeks. ‘As you may know, I’ll be in Virginia where I face my ex-husband Johnny Depp in court. ‘Johnny is suing me for an op-ed I wrote in the Washington Post, in which I recounted my experience of violence and domestic abuse.’ She continued: ‘I never named him, rather I wrote about the price women pay for speaking out against men in power. I continue to pay that price, but hopefully when this case concludes, I can move on and so can Johnny. ‘I have always maintained a love for Johnny and it brings me great pain to have to live out the details of our past life together in front of the world.’ ‘At this time, I recognize the ongoing support I’ve been fortunate to receive through these years, and in these coming weeks I will be leaning on it more than ever. With love always, A,’ she concluded. The trial is set to begin on April 11 at the Fairfax County courthouse in Virginia. Last month, Depp was dealt a legal blow after Judge Penney Azcarate ruled against his summary judgment motion and confirmed the Aquaman actress can use the state’s anti-SLAPP statute. The measure ensures immunity from civil liability when it comes to statements regarding matters of public concern which would be protected under the US constitution’s First Amendment. Both Depp and Heard are set to give in-person testimony, and it was also confirmed that Avengers star Paul Bettany, actor James Franco, and Tesla founder Elon Musk will do so virtually, according to documents filed on March 14 and 15. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Johnny Depp’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amber Heard celebrates ‘the greatest year’ as daughter Oonagh turns one days before $100,000,000 Johnny Depp defamation battle begins MORE : Johnny Depp reveals he’s on ‘verge of new life’ after crushing Amber Heard trial loss as he accepts award in Serbia 