Brits will get poorer by the day because energy bills are set to rise at least 10 times faster than wages this year. That’s the stark finding of analysis by the Trade Union Congress (TUC) on the day the energy price cap goes up by £700. Britain is facing its worst living costs crisis in decades amid soaring household bills and inflation. Wages are struggling to keep up with rising prices, leaving millions feeling worse off. The energy rise is being caused by huge pressures on the global energy market, including increased demand post-Covid lockdowns and the war in Ukraine. And with wholesale prices already outstripping today’s steep increase and Vladimir Putin threatening to cut off Europe’s gas, it’s not going to get any better any time soon. The biggest spike to household bills in living memory kicks in today, with costs rocketing by 54% to just under £2,000 a year. The energy price cap for those on default tariffs who pay by direct debit is rising by £693 from £1,277 to £1,971 from April 1. Prepayment customers will see a bigger jump, with their price cap going up by £708, from £1,309 to £2,017. Chancellor Rishi Sunak has announced some help for families but the TUC said it was ‘woefully inadequate’. They called for an increase in the minimum wage to at least £10 an hour, new grants paid for by a windfall tax on energy and oil company profits and an increase in Universal Credit. General secretary Frances O’Grady said: ‘People shouldn’t be struggling to cover the basics, but millions of families have been pushed to breaking point by spiralling bills and soaring inflation. ‘This is a living standards emergency. Rishi Sunak must come back to parliament and present an emergency budget. ‘We need a proper package of economic support for families. Britain faces the worst living standards crisis in generations.’ Labour’s shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves called the chancellor ‘cycnical’ and ‘out of touch’, accusing him of ‘shielding the record profits of oil and gas producers’ while allowing bills to balloon. The Institute for Fiscal Studies has previously warned that inflation running well above public sector wage increases will mean a real terms pay cut of £1,750 for teachers, firefighters and nurses. According to the Office for National Statistics, the cost of everyday items and fuel is rising by 6.2%, the highest level in 30 years. A government spokesperson said it recognised ‘people are struggling with the rising cost of living’, adding: ‘…we can’t shield everyone from the global challenges we face but we’re putting billions of pounds back into the pockets of hard-working families across the UK.’ It pointed to tax changes and help with energy bills as evidence of its attempts to offset the crisis In another blow to families, council tax will rise by an average of £67 per household from today. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.