He made headlines for his infamous ‘I’m cooking an egg for the very first time’ Big Brother line back in 2006. But now, Glyn Wise has swapped reality TV for religion and is joining the church, now to be known as Father Glyn. Sixteen years ago, the then-18-year-old finished second place, losing out to Pete Bennett who was crowned winner of the seventh series. From his time on the show, he won over viewers hearts with hilarious one-liners, including when he learnt to boil an egg for the first time, and managed to make it into a song. Now, at the age of 34, he’s transformed into a different person, and ignited viewers’ nostalgia on the way, as he made an appearance on This Morning today. Speaking to Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary, Glyn reflected on how being on Big Brother meant his ‘life completely transformed overnight.’ ‘It was like jumping into a tornado,’ he said, recalling his life going from a lifeguard to modeling for Calvin Klein. ‘I became Glyn from Big Brother.’ He added how ‘glad’ he was that his time on the show was before the age of social media had ‘kicked off’, saying: ‘You see the hate that goes out there now on every platform.’ But it wasn’t hate being spread as fans who remembered him were quick to take to social media and share their nostalgic memories. While Glyn did jump from lifeguard to reality TV star over a decade ago, he’s since made another huge life change. Announcing his new life, Glyn recently took to Twitter and said: ‘Done it!’ referencing being accepted for the Ordained Ministry with the Church in Wales. ‘Thank you to everyone at London @churchofengland for their support & prayers! Looking forward to spread the good word & become Fr Glyn,’ he continued. Glyn further revealed on This Morning that it felt as though this was always the life he was meant to lead, admitting: ‘I prayed my way into Big Brother.’ He said: ‘I wanted something to completely change my life, and Big Brother did that.’ His change in direction now follows working as a lifeguard, a radio DJ, and teaching English in South East Asia. Glyn starred on the Channel 4 series in the same year as Nicki Grahame, who died last April at the age of 38 after suffering from anorexia for the majority of her life. Tonight, a documentary called Nikki Grahame: Who Is She? is airing on Channel 4, which will explore Nikki’s life from her early childhood and the way her career developed after stepping into the spotlight. ‘Every time I think of her I smile, I laugh, she was such great energy,’ Glyn reflected. ‘Nicki would be looking down on us and smiling and laughing.’ This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 