Simon Cowell has revealed that he will often eat beans on toast at home so he can avoid eating out as he discussed his diet overhaul in recent years. The music mogul reportedly lost three stone when he instigated a health kick two years ago, which saw him drastically switch up his choices after a doctor told him he had the ‘worst diet out of all the clients I have ever seen in my life’. He also denied having undergone any gastric band or bypass surgery. The 62-year-old, who was recently seen arriving at the America’s Got Talent studios for filming sporting a wrist brace on the arm he broke in February in an e-bike crash, said that he has cut out his beloved pies and pizza, as well as red meat, dairy and gluten. Simon also insisted that he was ‘not a big eater’ and would ‘rather have a beer than eat, any day of the week’. Shortly after the first look at BGT 2022 was unveiled, with the show back on our screens after a two-year wait on April 16, the TV star got candid on his health journey in a new interview. Speaking to The Sun, Simon firmly denied suggestions he’s undergone weight loss surgery, adding: ‘Wouldn’t there be scars?’ Sharing that he had visited a Harley Street doctor specialising in ‘a certain kind of diet’ instead, he explained ‘He did my blood work and pee and all the rest of it, and a month later the results came in and his words were, “You have the worst diet out of all the clients I have ever seen in my life — you have a schoolboy’s diet from the 1960s.” ‘It was just pies. So he sent me a list of things I can’t eat, and that included red meat, dairy, sugar and gluten. And I pretty much stuck to it.’ As he revealed that his new diet included green smoothies, grilled tomatoes and soup now over pies and pizza, Simon also said that he ‘doesn’t enjoy it [eating] that much’ and shared his tip for avoiding eating somewhere where ‘I know I’m going to hate the food’. ‘I have baked beans on toast before I go, then eat nothing. ‘When you go to one of these ghastly big parties, or weddings, where the food is horrific, I just can’t deal with that.’ Although taking up cycling was part of the star’s new lifestyle, he’s had a run of bad luck after suffering two e-bike crashes in 18 months. His London smash resulted in his eight-year-old son Eric giving him ‘the biggest telling off’ for not sporting a helmet, with Simon vowing he had ‘learnt his lesson’. In August 2020, his first accident saw him break his back and undergo six hours of surgery which involved having a metal rod inserted. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dan Walker penning chapter on ‘incredible’ Strictly co-star Rose Ayling-Ellis for upcoming book MORE : Who are Nicola Peltz’s parents and what is their net worth? 