Today is officially the hottest day of the year so far, with temperatures hitting 22°C in central London. The Met Office says its likely to creep up to 23C in a few hours hours, while most of the country enjoys sunny and clear skies. St James’s Park saw the highest temperature today, beating the previous record of  20.8°C in London on March 23 and Cornwall on March 25. Meanwhile in the mercury has been reaching the high teens in parts of Scotland and Northern England. It comes as Brits head off on trips to make the most of the first Easter weekend without Covid restrictions since the pandemic. Travellers have been warned to expect traffic jams and delays at airports, train stations and ports as they go on their getaways. There were large traffic jams on the M20 in Dover as P&O services to Calais remain suspended. Some travellers complained that they had missed their ferries after being stuck on the road for hours. The AA has predicted that 27.6million car journeys will be made over the course of the bank holiday weekend. Met Office meteorologist Steven Keates urged beach-goers to ‘stick on the sunscreen’ and drink plenty of water to protect against higher-than-average UV levels. The strength of UV rays could hit 6, which is considered ‘high’ on the Met Office’s index. This increase has been caused by slightly depleted stratospheric ozone, which helps protect Earth from the rays, Mr Keates said. Naturally occurring reactions in the atmosphere as well as man-made emissions both contribute to the phenomenon, which is usually temporary, the forecaster added. He said: ‘It’s a naturally fluctuating cycle, in part not helped by human emissions. There will be a short-term, slight depletion (in stratospheric ozone)… and the sun gets stronger in mid-April as well. ‘So if you’re going to be outside for a long time, stick on the sunscreen and protect yourself basically as there’s a slightly elevated risk of sunburn.’ Mr Keates said that some coastal areas may experience ‘misty and murky’ conditions caused by cloud earlier in the day but a lot of areas would be ‘bright if not sunny’. South-western parts of England and Wales had seen misty and cloudy weather during the morning. Late in the afternoon there could be some showers across the Pennines and southern Scotland, but they are unlikely to be heavy. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.