Everyone is talking about Nicola Peltz and her gorgeous wedding ensemble. Yesterday, the actress married Brooklyn Beckham at a lavish ceremony in Palm Beach. But Nicola’s custom-made Valentino wedding gown hasn’t been the only point of interest Her stunning half-up and half-down hairstyle has been a talking point, too. And Nicola’s hairstylist, Adir Abergel, has now revealed the bride’s hair was inspired by Claudia Schiffer – so much so, she even sent him snaps of the model from the 90s for inspiration. Speaking to Vogue, Adir said: ‘She’s been sending me all of these radimages of early Claudia Schiffer – including pictures of her with bangs– so they inspired us, plus the dress, which is just beautiful.’ What’s more, Adir revealed that Brigitte Bardot’s half ponytails were also a reference point. Nicole Petty, a haircare expert at Milk + Blush, explains why the look is a popular choice for brides like Nicola. She tells Metro.co.uk: ‘Romantic, versatile and effortlessly elegant, half-up and half-down bridal hair is one of the most popular styles for brides to wear – with celebrities such as Nicola Peltz showing us just how desirable the style is in her newly-released wedding photos. ‘Lifting hair away from the face and neck highlights the bride’s natural beauty and creates a soft, romantic look without being too fussy. ‘Meanwhile, Nicola’s soft cascading curls heighten the romance even more by adding volume where needed, while the straighter sections add a touch of class and sophistication which scream Hollywood glamour.’ So who can wear this bridal hairstyle? Nicole has a few pointers – depending on hair type. She says: ‘While the style can suit almost any hair type and texture, those with fine hair will need to pay attention to creating volume or invest in some hair extensions to avoid hair looking thin. ‘Creating volume at the back of the head is also essential to avoid the style looking flat – a texturising powder and some light back-combing to lift the hair can help here. ‘Brides-to-be should also consider whether they want to make the chop by adding a face-framing fringe like Nicola.’ Nicole says while you don’t need a fringe to wear your hair half-up and half-down, having shorter pieces that frame your face can complement features, such as your cheekbones, and soften the look. She adds: ‘Curtain bangs are one of the most popular cuts right now and can easily be adapted to suit most face shapes. ‘Take notes from Nicola, who eschewed her usual style of tucking her long locks behind her ears and instead opted for statement Brigitte Bardot-inspired curtain bangs that fell at her cheekbones, perfectly framing her face. ‘There’s no doubt that we’ll be seeing brides recreating Nicola’s wedding hairstyle for their special day this spring/summer.’ Below are some of our favourite half-up and half-down bridal styles from Instagram: Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The Fit List: Put your wellness first with these beauty and fitness buys MORE : How to achieve ‘flicky hair ends’ – because they’re on trend again MORE : How to make a DIY hair mask for moisturised locks at home