Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak have broken the law and repeatedly lied to the British public. They must both resign. They made the rules. They broke their own law. They have to go. For all those people up and down the country who did the right thing, the past day will feel like yet another slap in the face. Over the last two years, the British public have been asked to make the most heart-wrenching sacrifices and have been overcome by guilt. Guilt that, because they stuck to the law and didn’t bend the rules, they missed some of the most important moments – from births to funerals. But all those people had no reason to feel guilty. The guilty men are the PM and Chancellor who have broken the law and dishonoured their sacrifice. And the PM lied and lied and lied. I recall seven-year-old Josephine, who sent a hand-written letter to the Prime Minister on her birthday in March 2020 to let him know her mummy and daddy were cancelling her party. She said she would be staying at home ‘because you asked us to’. She didn’t mind cancelling her birthday ‘because I want everyone to be ok’. The next day, the PM replied to Josephine: ‘We have all got to do our bit to protect the NHS and save lives, and that is exactly what you’re doing.’ But clearly it was one rule for him, and another for Josephine – and the rest of us. Now we know he didn’t shut down his own birthday party just a few months later: he spent it breaking the law. You see, Boris Johnson doesn’t think twice about lying: whether to Parliament, to the Queen, to the public or to your kids. This is the first time in the history of our country that a sitting Prime Minister has been found to be in breach of the law. Boris Johnson is presiding over a circus of immorality in Downing Street that is corrosive to our country. Today’s Conservative Party can no longer claim to be the Party of law and order. Britain deserves better than this soft-on-crime Conservative government. According to ONS data released in January, total crime is up, while anti-social behaviour is rife. Labour will introduce new Police Hubs at the heart of local areas, creating new Neighbourhood Prevention Teams to tackle anti-social behaviour and make offenders pay back to the communities they’ve harmed. Our Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper has a concrete plan for policing our streets, while the Tories seek to distract from the fact that Downing Street is itself a crime scene – one where not one shred of decency is to be found. Boris Johnson’s cheerleader-in-chief, Tory MP Michael Fabricant took to the airwaves yesterday to baselessly claim that nurses and teachers had broken the lockdown rules. A doomed attempt to save Johnson by smearing our frontline heroes. His is the shameless face of today’s Conservative Party. As Sky News anchor Mark Austin later told Fabricant after he had accused health workers of going ‘back to the staff room and having a quiet drink’ at the end of their shifts: ‘Just for the record, my wife is an A&E doctor and I can assure you there was nothing going on in her hospital like that, they were exhausted, completely exhausted throughout Covid.’ Fabricant’s slurs have drawn the condemnation of the Royal College of Nursing and the National Association of Headteachers. But will he do the decent thing and apologise? Of course he won’t. The fish rots from the head, as they say, and Boris Johnson’s Downing Street reeks like a decade-old kipper. Johnson’s Downing Street is plagued by Tory sleaze and scandal, while the cost of living crisis is hitting households hard. Not only are energy prices up, the Government is imposing tax rises. And as today’s rising inflation figures show, prices on everyday items are up too. Labour has a plan to cut energy bills through a one-off windfall tax on oil and gas producer profits. Meanwhile, the Chancellor has increased taxes for working people to their highest levels in 70 years. Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak cannot show the leadership the country needs. Their integrity lies in tatters. Both of them must go and go now. Britain deserves better. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing James.Besanvalle@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : I called the prime minister a liar and got thrown out of Parliament MORE : Tax-raising, law-breaking Rishi Sunak is completely unfit for the job MORE : Carrie Johnson apologises for lockdown parties after repeated denials