Metropolitan Police Commissioner Dame Cressida Dick will leave her post on Sunday April 10, it has been confirmed. Deputy Commissioner Sir Steve House will serve as acting commissioner while the recruitment process is ongoing to find her successor, according to the office of Mayor of London Sadiq Khan. It said Mr Khan will work closely with Home Secretary Priti Patel to appoint a new commissioner ‘to address the deep cultural issues facing the Met Police Service’. A spokesperson for the mayor said: ‘The mayor thanks Dame Cressida Dick for her decades of public service. ‘The mayor has been clear that candidates for the next commissioner must have a plan to restore the trust and confidence of Londoners.’ Dame Cressida was effectively forced out of her job following  a series of scandals including the rape and murder of Sarah Everard by serving policeman Wayne Couzens and the racist, misogynist and homophobic messages shared by a group of officers based at Charing Cross police station. She resigned after she was unable to convince Khan she could reform the force and was unwilling to attend a meeting to discuss with the mayor why he thought her plans were inadequate. The Met has faced accusations of institutional sexism and racism following a spate of controversies. Most recently, a 15-year-old black girl who was strip-searched on her period announced she is suing the force after a report found racism was a factor in her ‘traumatic’ treatment. The Met tweeted a picture of Dame Cressida and a comment from her confirming her departure date. It said: ‘My last working day as Met Commissioner will be 10th April. It has been a tremendous honour to serve the people of London and the UK. ‘I will share more on the work of my brave officers and staff next week.’ Dame Cressida will take unused annual leave after April 10, with her last day of employment being Sunday April 24. Home Secretary Priti Patel confirmed during the week that the circumstances of Dame Cressida’s resignation will be reviewed by the outgoing chief inspector of constabulary Sir Tom Winsor. The Home Office said the review, to begin on April 1 and expected to finish by the summer, will aim to: – Establish and assess the full facts, timeline of events and circumstances which resulted in the stepping aside of Dame Cressida; – Consider whether due process was followed; and – Include recommendations on how accountability and due process may be strengthened. Dame Cressida quit after Mr Khan expressed his displeasure at her handling of outrage over racist, misogynist and homophobic messages shared by a group of officers based at Charing Cross police station. Her resignation, which came hours after she said in a media interview she had no intention of quitting, was greeted with dismay by many officers. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.