Kanye West has ‘pulled out of Coachella’, it has been claimed. The Praise God rapper was due to perform across both weekends of the California festival, taking to the stage at the Empire Polo Ground on April 17 and April 24. However, according to reports, the 44-year-old is thought to have bowed out of his pre-announced sets on both days. As well as this, Travis Scott was due to join him at some point during the performances, with TMZ reporting that this is now out of the question. It is unclear why the dad-of-four pulled the plug on his appearance, but a source claimed to Variety that he had not rehearsed or prepared for the gig. Ye has not addressed the claims publicly, while Coachella bosses have not made any announcements over whether he will be performing. Harry Styles, Megan Thee Stallion, Billie Eilish, Doja Cat, Swedish House Mafia and Carly Rae Jepson are among the other names on the star-studded line-up. It was recently reported that the Grammy-winner is ‘seeking help’ following his bitter split from ex-wife Kim Kardashian. The Skims businesswoman filed for divorce from the musician last February, bringing their six-year marriage to an end. Following their split, she publicly moved on with Pete Davidson, with Ye repeatedly asking for her to return to their relationship. He also posted explicit outpourings about the Saturday Night Live comedian on Instagram, leading to a 24-hour ban from the platform. Following the drama, an insider claimed that he has agreed to stop his behaviour on social media for the sake of the four children he shares with Kim – North, Saint, Chicago and Psalm. A source close to the Kardashians told Page Six: ‘For the sake of the kids, Kanye has told Kim he’s not making any public appearances or inflammatory social media statements, and he will go away somewhere to get better.’ A rep for Kanye added tot he outlet: ‘At this time, Ye is committed to a healthy co-parenting relationship with Kim and is focused on raising their beautiful children.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Kanye and Coachella for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC One to air June Brown documentary after EastEnders MORE : Pistol trailer: Carnage-packed first teaser drops for Danny Boyle’s chaotic Sex Pistol series 