As spring and summer swoop in, the urge to travel abroad might be bubbling up inside you. But if you haven’t been vaccinated against Covid-19, your holiday destination options do slim down some. Some places just won’t let you visit full stop – while others might require you to be fully-vaccinated to step off the plane and roam free without a lengthy quarantine period. So, where can you actually go if you’re an unjabbed Brit? And what will you be expected to do? Here’s what you need to know. In a few cases, nothing. Iceland, for example, has no Covid restrictions for travellers. Most countries will require proof of a negative Covid test result – often (but not always) a PCR test (taken within 72 hours) or an antigen test (within 24 hours) in order to enter the country. A few will require you to test on arrival. Cyprus, for example, will have you test at the airport (at your cost) and then self-isolate at your hotel until the result comes back. Other countries, such as Costa Rica, may ask unvaccinated people to book specific insurance in order to visit – while Nepal requires unvaccinated folks to apply for a special visa. Sri Lanka lets unvaccinated people in after testing, but once there you’ll need to stay in a Tourism Bio Bubble. In St Lucia, you’ll be similarly restricted to a Covid-safe accommodation. Some places won’t require a test if you can prove, via the NHS Covid Pass, that you’ve recovered from Covid within a certain time frame. Czech Republic and Spain will NOT typically allow someone unvaccinated in for tourism purposes – unless they can provide necessary documentation to show they’ve recently recovered from Covid. To put it simply: the rules vary for each country, so check the FCO website for the exact entry requirements for your desired destination before you book, and again before you set off. It’s wise to check the country’s own government website, too. And though this list is up to date at the time of writing, keep in mind that travel rules can still change at any time. If you manage to escape for a holiday, you’ll be pleased to know there’s nothing for you to sort for your return to England. As of March 18, 2022, all Brits returning home to England won’t need to test or fill in a passenger locator form anymore. Yep, that includes passengers who are unvaccinated, too. MORE : Best places to travel in 2022 – according to experts MORE : Covid vaccine: How to book the jab for 5 to 11-year-olds MORE : Travel experts reveal the cheapest holiday destinations for an Easter getaway Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below