Katie Price has reportedly bought a pink Ferrari worth £179,000 despite currently being banned from driving. The mum-of-five was handed a two-year ban from getting behind the wheel after she pleaded guilty to drink-driving last year. New photos obtained by The Sun show Katie posing next to a a hot pink Ferrari, with a source saying: ‘Katie’s getting a pink Ferrari – it’s worth £179k and she sees it as a gift to herself after everything she’s been through. She can’t wait to get her driving licence back.’ They added to the outlet: ‘Katie’s planning to pay for the car in instalments now she’s back to earning money again after the bankruptcy.’ The My Crazy Life star, who is recently thought to have split from her fiance Carl Woods, previously revealed that entrepreneur Lisa Marie Brown would be designing her new car. After pleading guilty to drink-driving last year, Katie was sentenced to 16 weeks suspended for 12 months, 100 hours of unpaid work, 20 sessions of rehabilitation work with probation, and a two-year driving ban. The 43-year-old was arrested for drink-driving while disqualified and without insurance following a crash near her home in Sussex. Her sentencing was deferred following a stay in The Priory. She had previously entered her pleas in court on September 29, a day after telling police: ‘I took drugs, I should not be driving, I admit it all’, following the collision on the B2135 near Partridge Green. Officers had responded to the crash at about 6.20am, and Katie was arrested and taken to hospital. Images from the scene showed a BMW flipped on its side on the country lane. The court heard a drugs wipe gave a positive reading for cocaine and a roadside breath test taken by Katie following the accident was positive for alcohol. After the crash Katie’s family had expressed concern for her wellbeing. In a statement from the family shared on Katie’s Instagram account, they said: ‘As a family we have for some time been concerned about Kate’s wellbeing and overall mental health. ‘Today our worst fears nearly came true. As a family we have been and will continue to help Kate get the help she needs. ‘We hope that she will realise that she cannot battle her issues alone.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Katie Price for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price enjoys day at the salon with ‘insanely stunning’ daughter Princess Andre in wake of Carl Woods ‘split’ MORE : Katie Price swerves £174,000 tax bill after cosmetics company goes bust 