President Volodymyr Zelensky has addressed the mothers of every Russian soldier in an emotional speech after Ukraine officials said hundreds of executed civilians had been discovered in a mass grave. The war-torn country’s leader claimed the mums raised ‘butchers deprived of everything human’ after 410 dead civilians were found in Kyiv-area towns recently retaken from Kremlin forces. ‘What did the man who was riding his bicycle down the street do?’, Mr Zelensky asked in a late-night powerful speech on Sunday evening. Vladimir Putin’s troops are accused of massacring civilians with scenes ‘akin to a horror movie’. Some victims were shot at close range and others were found with their hands tied behind their backs, it’s claimed. Russia’s defence ministry has denied the accusations, claiming photos and videos of dead bodies ‘have been stage-managed by the Kyiv regime for the western media’. But Mr Zelensky alleged the atrocities amount to ‘genocide’ and named Russian soldiers ‘murderers, torturers, rapists looters – who call themselves the army’. ‘I want every mother of every Russian soldier to see the bodies of the killed people in Bucha, in Irpin, in Hostomel. What did they do? Why were they killed?’, the Ukrainian leader said. ‘What did the man who was riding his bicycle down the street do? Why were ordinary civilians in an ordinary peaceful city tortured to death? ‘Why were women strangled after their earrings were ripped out of their ears? How could women be raped and killed in front of children? ‘How could their corpses be desecrated even after death? What did the Ukrainian city of Bucha do to your Russia? How did all this become possible?’ He continued: ‘Russian mothers! Even if you raised looters, how did they also become butchers? ‘You couldn’t be unaware of what’s inside your children. You couldn’t overlook that they are deprived of everything human. No soul. No heart. They killed deliberately and with pleasure.’ New pictures show Mr Zelensky looking emotional while walking through the town of Bucha, where bodies were found lying in the street. He has vowed to create a ‘special mechanism of justice’ with international assistance to investigate war crimes committed. Everyone involved will be named in a ‘Book of Torturers’ and hunted down to face punishment, he said. Poland’s prime minister Mateusz Morawiecki has also named the discovery of mass graves ‘genocide’ and called for an international tribunal to investigate. German and French leaders were singled out by Mr Zelensky, who invited them to Bucha to witness the ‘war crimes’ their ‘policy of concessions towards Russia’ had led to. Many Western leaders have previously accused Russia of war crimes, with the International Criminal Court’s prosecutor currently investigating this. Russia’s ministry has insisted ‘not a single civilian’ in Bucha had faced any violent military action. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.