Dan Walker is hanging up his BBC Breakfast suit to take on the flagship news bulletin for Channel 5. In the massive announcement today, the presenter, who has been on the Breakfast couch since 2016 will front Channel 5’s revamped 5 News, after Sian Williams announced she was stepping down last month. Revealing the news on Monday, Dan said ‘it’s been a massive decision’ for him to leave the BBC for his new role at Channel 5. The move will also see him present a slate of new shows on the channel, including a range of brand-new non-news programming for Channel 5. Dan joins Claudia-Liza Vanderpuije who co-presents 5 News, which is produced by ITN. Speaking about the move, Dan said in a statement: ‘I can’t wait to get stuck into the daily news show, but I am also excited about making some great new TV for Channel 5. ‘I love their ideas and creativity and it’s rare to get an opportunity like this where paths and ambitions meet. The chance to do something different was too good to turn down.’ The Strictly Come Dancing alum shared a video to his Twitter as the announcement was made, revealing he’ll be leaving the BBC ‘in the next few weeks’. He went on: ‘I’m really excited but this has also been a massive decision for me because I love Breakfast, I love working alongside Sally (Nugent) and I love the team there. ‘But Channel 5 came with big ambitions, big plans and I don’t think opportunities like this come around very often and I can’t wait. ‘I’ve also had the incredible privilege of working on some iconic programmes over the last few years, both art the BBC and elsewhere, and what I love about his deal is that I not only get to present the news, but I get to host a range of new programmes across the channel.’ Dan said: ‘And what an honour to step into the shoes of Sian Williams, I know how popular she is with both the team and the audience. All I can say is I will do my very best to maintain her incredibly high standards. ‘Thank you for watching and I’ll see you soon on a TV screen somewhere.’ Dan joined BBC Breakfast in 2016, having previously hosted BBC Radio 5 Live’s Afternoon Edition, with the programme pulling in audiences of up to 2.3million (which fuelled a rivalry with Piers Morgan during his time on Good Morning Britain). He co-hosts the morning programme with Sally Nugent, after Louise Minchin stepped down in September last year, while also presenting BBC Sport’s The NFL Show, and previously fronted Football Focus from 2009 to 2021. Sian has presented 5 News since 2016 and announced in March that she would be stepping down from daily news presenting to take up more wide-ranging opportunities, while continuing to host her regular strand Mind Matters with Dr Sian for 5 News as well as special projects and documentaries for the channel and ITN.