Rihanna has once again aced the maternity-wear game as she stepped out with boyfriend A$AP Rocky. The pop star, 34, and rapper, 33, are expecting their first child together, with the Diamonds singer making the happy announcement in January with an truly iconic photoshoot. As her bump grows, Rihanna has been serving look after look as she makes maternity-wear her own with some seriously sexy and glam outfits, last month wearing a savage leopard print jacket against the cold in New York as she hit the Louis Vuitton store in the Big Apple. This week, the singer and actress was spotted on a cute date night with dad-to-be A$AP, as the pair hit the cinema to catch a movie. And, as ever, Rihanna’s outfit was a head-turner – but not for the usual reasons. The We Found Love chart-topper dressed comfortably in blue jeans and trainers, complete with a racing-style jacket and baseball cap. And despite a thick gold chain swinging from her neck, it was her t-shirt that was the most eye-catching piece of the ensemble. The shirt depicted Minnie and Mickey Mouse-esque characters sharing a kiss, with the words: ‘Who dat yo? ‘ Underneath was written: ‘Dat’s just my baby daddy.’ Meanwhile, baby daddy in question A$AP dressed in a similar comfortable fashion, even wearing a black and white baseball cap to match Rihanna’s. The Problems rapper wore a navy cotton zip-down hoodie with reflectors on the arms, with a white t-shirt and blue collar, as well as some genuinely tremendous boots. The loved-up pair have been making preparations to welcome their child in recent months, with Rihanna recently spotted checking out some absolutely adorable baby clothes. She was seen browsing the selection of newborn clothes at Couture Kids in Beverly Hills along with a friend and wore an an all-pink outfit for the trip. And, as she hasn’t revealed the sex of her unborn child, fans were left guessing as photos of the star checking out sweet outfits made the rounds online, including one of her gasping at an ultra-adorable smart jacket. While Rihanna makes dressing while several months pregnant look as easy as breathing, the singer and businesswoman admitted in a recent interview that it can be ‘challenging’. However she noted that while playing with clothes as a pregnant gal is tricky, it’s also ‘fun.’ ‘I’m enjoying not having to worry about covering up my tummy,’ she told People magazine in February. ‘If I feel a little chubby, it’s like, whatever! It’s a baby!’ ‘Right now, being pregnant, some days you just feel like, “Ugh, I just want to lay here on this couch all day,”‘ she admitted. ‘But when you put on a little face and a little lipstick, you transform.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pregnant Rihanna is pretty in pink as she gets excited over tiny outfits while out baby shopping MORE : Pregnant Rihanna stuns at Jay Z’s star-studded Oscars 2022 afterparty in another striking sheer dress 