A couple who created an adventure playground for their 10 cats have been left ‘devastated’ after planning officers told them to knock it down. Lorraine and Adrian Marshall have been locked into a dispute with Blackpool Council for nearly a year over the £1,500 ‘catio’ they set up in their front garden last June. After losing three pets to road accidents over the last 15 years, they wanted to protect their ‘babies’ from killer traffic. Despite a petition that had more than 26,000 signatures to save the 8ft structure, the cat owners were told it is ‘in breach of planning control’. A letter from the local authority stated the Marshalls would either have to submit a ‘retrospective planning permission’ or move the playground to an ‘appropriate location’. ‘If we have to go for planning permission, we will do that, if we have to lower it a few inches, we’ll lower it a few inches,’ Lorraine said. ‘But they’re saying it has to be relocated and there’s nowhere for it to be relocated. It’s not possible, and I just don’t see how it is hurting anyone.’ Made of wood and chicken wire, the play area was inspired by the ‘Jungle Jim’ attraction at Blackpool Tower and was designed to be similarly stimulating. The Marshalls even enlisted the expertise of a landscape gardener from the town’s Furry Tails animal hospital. Not long after, it began attracting complaints from neighbours and Blackpool Council was forced to interfere. At the time, Lorraine said: ‘I was heartbroken. How can I tell the cats that they can’t use it? It’s soul-destroying. ‘The cars fly down here, and it’s a really busy street. I can’t let them out on the road. ‘I’d have to keep them in and that, to me, is cruel after we’ve let them out in this space. It’s not healthy for them. They need fresh air.’ Lorraine and Adrian have suffered a lot of heartbreak over the years and this was their way of making sure their beloved pets are safe. Back in 2006, their cat Charlie was killed in a road accident. A decade later, poor Alfie was also crushed to death by a vehicle. And in October 2020, their cat Phoebe was hit by a car after being spooked by fireworks. Their eldest cat, Winston was also hit by a car four years ago but he miraculously survived after extensive medical treatment. It was all these tragic events that prompted the Marshalls to take action. Lorraine said: ‘We have ten cats in there, but they don’t live there all the time. It’s just going out there to play. ‘It’s been up since June last year. We couldn’t keep them cooped up in the house all day long. ‘It’s not fair on them because they need fresh air but they deserve to be safe.’ Blackpool Council revealed that it has received further complaints from neighbours in the last six months. A spokesperson said: ‘It is now six months since our initial contact with Mr and Mrs Marshall where we advised the structure they had built did not have planning permission. ‘We understand that it is an upsetting situation so wanted to give them some time to consider their options.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.