Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz are officially married! The couple, who got engaged in July 2020, have tied the knot in a gorgeous £3million ceremony at the Peltz estate in Palm Beach, Florida, 23 years after Victoria and David’s iconic wedding. Brooklyn had his younger brothers Romeo, 19 and Cruz, 17, as his best men, with the pair tying the knot under a flower-garlanded chuppah to celebrate Nicola’s Jewish heritage, MailOnline reports. Guests including  Mel C and fashion designer Rachel Zoe were pictured taking their seats in marquees at the sprawling estate. The ceremony started at 6pm, with Brooklyn smashing a glass wrapped in a napkin under his heel after the pair married, as is tradition, before they shared a kiss to seal the deal. He is thought to have had six groomsmen, while Nicola had a bridal party of six. Guests also included Victoria’s best friend, Eva Longoria, who showed off her gorgeous look ahead of the ceremony. Gordon Ramsay and his family also attended, as did tennis legends Serena and Venus Williams. Snoop Dogg previously said he would be DJing at the event, while Marc Anthony is also expected to perform. Spice Girls stars Geri Horner and Emma Bunton are not in attendance, with Baby Spice sharing an apology with Brooklyn and Nicola on the big day. She wrote: ‘These two beautiful souls are getting married today! ’m so sorry i couldn’t make it there to celebrate you both. We Love you all very much. ‘@victoriabeckham @davidbeckham try not to cry to much!! #happytears ❤️❤️.’ Security was very tight at the event, according to MailOnline. As well as hiring security guards for the big day, the couple had German Shepherd dogs on hand. Car windows were also blacked out. However, while Nicola, 27, kept a low profile, Brooklyn, 23, was seen early on in the day, zooming about on a golf cart with the couple’s pet dog. Cruz, 17, also followed suit, and Harper, 10, who was a bridesmaid, was also spotted. Brooklyn is expected to take his wife’s surname as his middle name, now being known as Brooklyn Joseph Peltz Beckham. Father of the groom David is the master of ceremonies, while Nicola’s older brother Brad is serving as the man of honour. The bride previously confirmed that her grandmother would be her maid of honour, telling fans on Instagram: ‘My Naunni is my maid of honour’. Posted to her Instagram story, Nicola’s snap showed her grandma sat down in a chair, smelling a pink rose. While fashion designer Victoria designed Nicola’s engagement dress, the bride was dressed in Valentino for the big day. Speaking to CR Fashion Handbook, the Bates Motel star discussed how she was working closely with Valentino’s Pierpaolo Piccioli to create her bridal looks and had been to Rome twice to choose all the details with her family, saying it was ‘a beautiful thing to be a part of and it’s very exciting.’ Brooklyn and Nicola confirmed their relationship in January 2020 – going ‘Instagram official’ around this date. And after a whirlwind romance, in July 2020, the smitten couple announced that Brooklyn had popped the question. After Brooklyn announced the pair’s engagement, he shared a gorgeous pic of the couple. Brooklyn wrote: ‘Two weeks ago I asked my soulmate to marry me and she said yes xx I am the luckiest man in the world. ‘I promise to be the best husband and the best daddy one day. I love you baby x.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eva Longoria and Venus Williams lead stars glamming up for Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz’s wedding ahead of star-studded bash MORE : Emma Bunton to miss Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz’s wedding as she urges Victoria: ‘Don’t cry too much’ 