A six-year-old boy was lured by bullies in his backyard and set on fire. Dominick Krankall’s sister, Kayla Deegan, said he was playing with children who live below them when he got attacked. ‘As soon as he walked down the stairs, the bully called his name and lured him over around the corner, and in a matter of seconds he came back around the corner screaming, saying “Mommy, they lit me on fire,”‘ Deegan told WNBC. An eight-year-old neighbor got gasoline and lighters from a shed on the property and called Dominick over, Deegan said. ‘What he did was pour gasoline on a tennis ball, took a lighter, lit it up and just chucked it right at my brother’s face – and then ran away from him and watched him burn,’ she said. Dominick was transported to Bridgeport Hospital in Connecticut on Sunday afternoon and suffered second- and third-degree burns on his face and legs. He is expected to survive. Police are investigating reports of four unattended children playing with gasoline and setting objects ablaze at the property on Louisiana Avenue. Dominick’s family said the incident is not the first time that bullies have caused him to go to the hospital. ‘Two months ago under the bully’s mother’s supervision, he was pushed into a wall and fell to the floor,’ Deegan said. ‘And again, the mother refuses to admit her kid did it.’ She said ‘it’s heartbreaking, it’s sickening’ to know the family and that nothing has been done about the bullying. ‘This needs to be seen everywhere so everyone knows Dom’s story and what he had to go through, and the extent it went to for someone to hopefully do something,’ Deegan said. The family of the boy who allegedly lit Dominick on fire declined to comment to WNBC. Dominick’s family hopes to raise money for his hospital bill and to move to a safer place to live. ‘MY SIX YEAR OLD BROTHER could’ve died,’ Deegan wrote in a GoFundMe page for Dominick that had raised more than $322,000 as of Thursday morning. ‘He’s going to be scarred for life mentally and physically.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.