We’re taught to dream of work, being asked from toddlerhood: ‘What do you want to be when you grow up?’. Desirable jobs are listed off over the years, moving from singer to scientist and everything in between. What’s ‘dreamy’ varies person to person, but there will be roles you’ll have fantasised about having at some point – as we’ve been taught to do so. Having a job you love and consider to be a dream is highly praised. But over the pandemic, things changed. Many called the things they formerly valued into question – and one of those big topics was work. We saw ‘the great resignation’ and more people demand greater flexibility with work longer term. Attitudes are changing – and we’re waking up to the truth that the reality of ‘dream jobs’ often isn’t so dreamy. What people are deeming as important is in flux. Recent research commissioned by Marketing Signals found that only 35% of us would switch out of our current job to have a ‘dream job’. Does it turn out having a dream job is not all it’s cracked up to be? Jake*, landed his dream role in investment management – with damaging consequences for his wellbeing. He tells us: ‘Walking into our central London office for a 7am start everyday filled me with pride – but also, at times, disbelief that I was able to play out the role I’d seen in film and TV growing up. ‘But building your work up as a dream job is akin to entering into a toxic relationship where you will never feel you are worthy or enough. ‘Irrespective of how many people may want said job, you need to look into what’s the benefit to the company for you doing that job, but more importantly what is the benefit to you.’ He says before the pandemic he was ‘defined’ by his job title, and the various lockdowns were a rude awakening as to how his perspective on work needed to change. ‘When I first left London at the start of the pandemic and was back with family, my perspective entirely changed,’ Jake recalls. ‘The drive to help (already) wealthy people become more wealthy felt far less urgent and pressing. ‘Seeing the work of ambulance staff, delivery drivers, nurses and more hit me with the fairly stark reality that money does not make the world go round.’ He is ‘far more tolerant’ in his approach to work and tries to have better balance, seeing his job as just a job. ‘I’m more forgiving and understanding that we all have lives outside of the job,’ he adds. Indeed, we do. A survey of 5,000 frontline workers by Breakroom.cc found that 74% of shift workers fulfil their set hours ‘not because it fits their lifestyle or is their dream job’ – rather, it’s just about getting the job at hand done. Victoria McLean, founder & CEO of career consultancy company City CV believes people are slightly ‘over’ the concept of a dream job. She says: ‘As much as “dream” jobs are still talked about, for most people, just being happy in a job that pays the bills – and preferably means you still have some money left over at the end of the month – is enough. ‘Even if you love your job, it can’t be great all the time. ‘Dream jobs are often more demanding of your time and commitment and nowadays, people work to live rather than live to work. People want to have a career on their own terms.’ Conde Nast US, the company behind magazines like Vogue, has recently unionised. More than 500 workers have joined. Those running the union Instagram account posted: ‘It would be foolish to treat what we do every day as anything other than what it is: a job.’ This resonates with Rhiannon Bates, a 34-year-old in Yorkshire, who learnt this the hard way. ‘Working in PR for causes that I deeply cared about mean that I felt like I had it all – a super glamorous role working with celebrities, charities, and award-winning businesses, attending fab parties surrounded by A-listers,’ she says. ‘However, while this may look super sparkly from the outside, behind the scenes were years of workplace bullying, toxic environments, and extreme anxiety as a result.‘While on the outside it looked great, and I still sometimes read my previous job specifications and think they sound like dream jobs even to this day, I spent a huge amount of my 20s feeling undervalued and overworked. ‘Something I’ve noticed is that it’s very often not the actual job, but the culture and people which destroy a dream job.’ Over her 15-year career, she can see in hindsight when she believed in the notion of a dream job, she worked too-long hours, would ‘fight to prove’ herself, and rode on a wave of happiness after receiving a ‘breadcrumb of praise’ every so often. She continues: ‘I loved what I did, but internally it was seriously unhealthy. ‘I felt like I was failing because of how I was feeling on the inside compared to how things looked on the outside. ‘I think in some industries or workplaces, there’s a culture of climbing over each other to get to the top. ‘I found myself constantly striving to achieve incredible results, and even when I did, it wasn’t enough. ‘But because it was a highly desirable job and industry, you could never show weakness, you were made to feel instantly replaceable.’ Rhiannon eventually ‘lost count’ of the number of times hundreds of others had applied for her job. ‘Dream jobs are wonderful but come with an added level of pressure. ‘These jobs are out there, and some are wonderful, but equally, sometimes they aren’t worth the pressure and mental trauma that can come with them,’ she believes. Do dream jobs actually exist, then? Some will tell you ‘no’, given the anti-work movement and the ‘vibe shift’ we’re in, that’s turning its back on a ‘work hard’ culture. Over on Reddit, there’s a growing community of people rejecting the idea of employment, asking for unemployment to be an option for everyone – not just ‘the wealthy’. Laura Kingston, director of Leap Career Coaching, is of the view that we aren’t over the concept of a dream job – rather, it’s that what constitutes as ‘dreamy’ is changing. Where once the job title alone was enough, now ideal roles come with fair compensation, benefits, freedom, and for some, the feeling that they’re ‘doing good’ in the world. ‘I don’t think we will ever be over the idea of a dream job – it’s human nature to follow our passions and our callings, to play to our strengths and to find work we love,’ she says, adding that she’d be out of a job if the idea were completely redundant. ‘However, I don’t believe we necessarily have to be in a dream job, as long as we are fulfilling our purpose and passions somewhere in our lives. ‘For example, I have a client who is works for a bank, but she loves to sing, so she became a member of a choir. ‘Another client is an accountant but her passion is writing children’s stories which she does in her free time. ‘Some of my clients have “dreamy” jobs, where they have the flexibility and earn good money, but they are dissatisfied as they don’t have fulfilment or feel their work is “meaningful”. ‘It depends on what an individual’s definition of a dream job is: money, working less, status, travel? ‘Everyone is unique and has their own take on what a “dream job” means to them.’ There are more factors at play that matter post-pandemic, than perhaps there were before. Many living out the reality of having a traditionally ‘prized’ dream job might be wondering: is this worth it? At the end of The Devil Wears Prada, Andrea – who is on her way to a dream career at a top magazine – walks away, seeing how all consumed she had become by it. While most of us don’t have working lives that extreme, the pandemic has made us, like Andrea, finally wake up with fresh eyes, realising that the reality of a dream job is often a far cry from how it looks on paper. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why the ‘Great Resignation’ isn’t a reality for Black Brits MORE : The Great Resignation: Who changed jobs, where they went, and why MORE : Burger King staff write ‘we all quit’ on store’s ad sign for en-masse resignation