Police chiefs have been blasted for spending £42,000 on ‘relaxation cabins’ for staff. The so-called ‘plod pods’ have been bought with taxpayers money ahead of ‘inspirational’ training courses. Each cabin, which cost £14,000 each, will be used at South Wales Police’s headquarters in Bridgend. But the purchases have been branded a ‘complete waste of money’. One woman, who lives nearby the police building, said: ‘What a waste of funds. Getting more policing onto the streets would be better.’ Another local resident queried: ‘Wouldn’t that money be better spent on recruiting more officers seen as they is a massive shortage?’ A retired police officer also claimed the force should prioritise spending to tackle a ‘lack of equipment’ on policing front lines. Debate has also reportedly raged in a Facebook group called ‘Blueprint’ which brings together retired South Wales Police officers. Members claim the region’s police and crime commissioner Alun Michael was ‘insistent’ on the pods being purchased. Mr Michael responded that backlash was partially expected. The former MP said: ‘There are always people who will complain about anything new. ‘The meeting pods are part of a police learning centre development at police headquarters which is a major investment in the training of new and existing police officers and staff. ‘Compared to providing dedicated meeting spaces within the main building at a cost of £4,135 per square metre, the pods at a cost of £14,000 provide a relatively cheap and simple option which enable small group project work to be developed and maintained.’ Mr Michael added around 1,000 new officers and PCSOs will be trained over the next three years as older staff retire – and that new recruits will need a dedicated learning area. The futuristic-looking pods, typically seen in gardens, feature cushion seats and internal tables. They will form part of a new training centre built on the site of demolished police houses in Bridgend. Mr Michael added: ‘Training has been modernised beyond all recognition from years gone by when it was a case of 30 people sitting in a classroom listening to a lecturer. ‘Research shows that providing separate learning areas enhances academic performances so these new facilities will enable us to deliver that high quality training which the public would expect us to provide for our future police officers. ‘Of course there are meeting rooms in the headquarters that could be used, but the pods provide a much more suitable learning environment than we’d get by using existing facilities or by putting up a conventional new building at much greater expense.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.