New pictures have emerged of young draftees who were sent to die in the Black Sea on Russia’s Moskva battleship. The sinking of the flagship 510-crew vessel on Thursday last week proved a symbolic sting for the Kremlin. Moscow said a fire caused by exploding ammunition brought the ship down, but Ukraine says it sunk it with two of its Neptune missiles. Worried-sick parents of sailors on board demanded answers, but Russian authorities said the entire crew had been evacuated, with no further explanation. On March 8, Vladimir Putin told Russian mothers that conscripts were not being used for his invasion of Ukraine and ‘will not be engaged in military actions’. The next day, the Kremlin admitted using draftees – claiming they had been ‘discovered’ in Ukraine and that almost all had been recalled to Russia – except those taken prisoner. But now pictures have emerged of several conscripts on the Moskva, who are all presumed death after the vessel was destroyed. Now anguished parents have hit out at Russian authorities over their ‘lies’ and the ‘bullying’ of their sons. Some relatives have been warned they will not get financial ‘compensation’ for their loved-ones’ deaths if they go to the media. Despite this, Dmitry Shkrebets, father of conscript Yegor Shkrebets, has launched a campaign to force out the truth of what happened to the Moskva. Dmitry has demanded punishment for the ‘scumbags’ who sent the ‘boys’ – forced into compulsory military service – to their deaths. ‘All the guilty should be punished for what they did. Or rather, what they didn’t do,’ he told Current Times. ‘Because these boys – 19-20 years old – should not have been there during these operations. They should have been landed in Sevastopol.’ During the invasion, Dmitry says he found out that these young men were on the ship the whole time. ‘But if I then started making all this noise, then this would be the disclosure of secret information,’ he added. ‘We must open all this abscess and punish all those responsible, why weren’t the boys dropped off? Whatever happens, scumbags have no nationality. A war crime has occurred and all those involved must be punished.’ One frantic mother, Olesya Dubinina, is demanding a rescue operation in the hope her son, Nikita Syromyasov, is somehow still alive. She said: ‘We urgently need to start a rescue operation. For sure, when it sank there were still living people – wounded, unconscious. For sure, there are battened down parts of the ship that have not been flooded.’ Tatyana Efremenko, mother of Nikita Efremenko, said: ‘Every day I call the commander, every day I call Moscow. Nothing. ‘No announcements. I’m going there myself tomorrow morning. I want to visit all the hospitals. I have a one way ticket. ‘I don’t know when I’ll be back. If the defence ministry does not help, then we must go and look for them ourselves. ‘The only thing they told me was that my son was on duty in the dining room at the time of the fire. I’m tired of fighting on the phone.’ She added: ‘It’s just scary. It’s so scary that I don’t understand how this was allowed. I don’t understand what the conscript children were doing on the Moskva…it is beyond the limit.’ Another bereft mother Tamara Grudinina told the BBC Russian service that she received a call from her son Sergey Grudinin’s ‘commander’. He says the man on the phone said he ‘led them out in a chain’ and that the ‘chain broke’, claiming Sergey remained on the ship and went down with it. Tamara added: ‘I’m telling the commander, called Vakula,: “How can it be? I entrusted my son to you, how could you do it yourself, how can we live now?” ‘And he says: “As if, you know, leave us alone” – Not even regrets. As if we are some kind of dogs.’ A relative of Leonid Savin said: ‘I was told he was dead. And then they called and said that he was missing, as if they were mocking. ‘His brother was told that he died, when he asked what is about the funeral, they said that actually nothing is clear. ‘Now he called and was told that he was missing [at sea]. I cannot understand anything now.’ The parents of another conscript were told their son was ‘alive’, and a day later that he was missing. Next came a notification that he had died. They pleaded: ‘What’s going on? Why are we being bullied like this?’ It comes as Russia claims more than 100 of the Moskva’s crew members – including the captain – survived the attack. The Kremlin released an undated video with no sound claiming to show the survivors, after days of speculation and a virtual news blackout on the incident. As the camera pans around, a large group of seamen can be seen at a parade in the Crimean port city of Sevastopol, who were met by navy commander-in-chief Admiral Nikolay Yevmenov. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.