A Conservative MP has had the whip withdrawn pending an investigation by the watchdog over allegations about his conduct. David Warburton, the MP for Somerset and Frome, will not be allowed to sit as a Tory MP while the probe is ongoing. The claims about the 56-year-old, who sits on the backbenches, are being examined by Parliament’s Independent Complaints and Grievance Scheme (ICGS). Claims involving ‘bullying, harassment and/or sexual misconduct’ are handled by the watchdog. A report in The Times claimed allegations made by two separate women are being investigated. This has not been officially confirmed by parliamentary authorities. The paper makes further allegations regarding drug use and the MP’s financial dealings. Neither of these additional claims are said to be under formal investigation and have not been addressed by Mr Warburton publicly. Metro.co.uk has contacted Mr Warburton for comment. The Telegraph, which said the ICGS received a report claiming the MP had behaved inappropriately, reported he denies wrongdoing. Mr Warburton is cited as telling the newspaper: ‘I have enormous amounts of defence, but unfortunately the way that things work means that doesn’t come out first. ‘I have heard nothing whatsoever from the Independent Complaints and Grievance Scheme. I’m sorry, I can’t comment any further.’ A spokesperson for the Whips Office said: ‘David Warburton MP has had the Conservative Party whip removed while the investigation is ongoing.’ The MP appeared to have deleted his Twitter following revelations in a number of media outlets. He was first elected in 2015 with a majority of 20,268, or 53% of the vote, the largest constituency swing to the Conservative Party at that election. The married father was re-elected in 2017 and 2019, with majorities of 22,906 and 19,213, respectively. He is the current chair of the All-Party Parliamentary Group (APPG) on Music and was previously a member of the Commons European Scrutiny Committee. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.