Johnny Depp enjoyed a moment of light relief during his trial against ex-wife Amber Heard, thanks to very animated testimony from his former doorman that even left the judge shocked. The highly-publicised defamation trial continued in Fairfax, Virginia on Wednesday, with Depp, 58, and Heard, 36, counter-suing each other over a 2018 article published in The Washington Post. In the op-ed, Heard described her experience with domestic abuse and, while he wasn’t named in the piece, Depp’s lawyers argue it suggests she was physically and sexually abused by him. During the latest court hearing, Alejandro Romero, who was a doorman at Depp’s former apartment building in Los Angeles, appeared in pre-taped deposition. However, many in the courtroom seemed amused during the testimony, which was filmed as Romero sat inside his car in January 2021. According to Romero, Heard asked him to investigate whether there had been an intruder due to scratches on their front door. However, the doorman said it was caused by their dog, much to Depp’s amusement as he was seen laughing in the courtroom as Romero’s testimony played. He said: ‘What? Four inches above the [floor]? The dog was scratching. In my head [I’m thinking] you think someone is trying to get into your unit with scratches four inches above the floor?’ Romero said that Heard and her friend Rocky Pennington told him that ‘somebody tried to get into my unit’ at the Eastern Columbia Building in West Hollywood. ‘They were so scared. They asked me to go inside the unit to check room by room. I did it, it’s part of my job,’ he recalled. Romero also testified that he didn’t recall ‘seeing any marks or bruises’ on Heard’s face in the days after the LAPD was called to their home. ‘I just don’t remember any. I would’ve seen that and I would remember because that’s something that you would see,’ he stated. At one point, the doorman revealed his frustration with the case and told lawyers: ‘I know you guys sent me the papers to review, and I’ll be honest, I didn’t want to review them because it’s been so long.’ He added that he’s been ‘so stressed out’ and didn’t ‘want to deal with this anymore’. ‘I’m tired … I don’t want to deal with this court case … everybody’s got problems and I don’t want to deal with this no more,’ he said. During his testimony, Romero appeared to have puffed on a vape as he was seen blowing smoke from his nose. He also began driving around in the car all the while still giving testimony in the taped deposition. After the video was played for jurors, Heard’s lawyer, Elaine Bredehoft said it was ‘the most bizarre deposition’ she had ever done. Even Judge Penney Azcarate added: ‘I’ve never seen that before.’ In another relaxed moment during the shocking trial, Depp was seen drawing sketches in his notebook while waiting for jurors to enter the courtroom. The trial continues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp spotted drawing mysterious sketches in courtroom during heated Amber Heard trial MORE : Where is Johnny Depp from and what accent does he have? 