Peaky Blinders fans are already sharing their theories for the upcoming film following Sunday night’s series 6 finale, and many believe it will see Cillian Murphy’s Tommy Shelby take down Adolf Hitler. Steven Knight’s BBC drama concluded with Tommy killing Michael Gray (played by Finn Cole) before going on to discover that he wasn’t sick with terminal tuberculosis thanks to a supernatural intervention. In the lead up to the final moments, the protagonist learned that Doctor Holford (Aneurin Barnard) had joined forces with Oswald Mosley and Hitler to trick him into believing he only had months left to live. Tommy confronted the doctor and considered taking revenge, but ended up lowering his pistol and riding his horse into the distance while his gypsy caravan burned as if it were a funeral pyre. Before the credits rolled, Hitler made a brief appearance in a photograph that revealed he was the best man at Oswald’s wedding to Diana Mitford. Many believe that Hitler’s involvement in the last episode could set up the upcoming film and they’re hoping for an almighty showdown, which could ‘rewrite history’. ‘Can’t wait to see Tommy Shelby kill Hitler in the Peaky Blinders film,’ one wrote. Echoing a similar sentiment, another penned: ‘After watching the finale of Peaky Blinders I’m genuinely convinced that Tommy could kill Adolf Hitler himself and rewrite history.’ ‘Tommy Shelby to kill Hitler then,’ a third wrote. Could this be where the film is headed? Last week, Peaky Blinders creator Knight dropped a teaser as to what fans should expect from the movie. ’I know exactly what’s going to happen, I know what the story is and I’m writing at the moment,’ he told Metro.co.uk. ‘It’s a very specific story, that’s based on a true story from the Second World War and will be told in the Peaky way.’ He went on to suggest Stephen Graham – who plays newcomer Hayden Stagg – would be involved with the project which is expected to come to cinemas in 2023. Peaky Blinders is available to stream on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 