A popular children’s book has been pulled from the shelves after it was deemed to be racist. Oxford University Press took the decision to stop printing The Blue Eye – a book in the Biff, Chip and Kipper series – after widespread criticism that it portrayed Muslim people as being dangerous and scary. The book follows the story of a princess called Aisha who is chased by a crowd of men through the streets of an apparently Middle Eastern town for a magic stone. Biff is quoted on one page as saying ‘let’s stay together, the people don’t seem very friendly’. The illustration shows a market street packed with people, including men wearing turbans with facial hair and a woman dressed in what appears to be a niqab. In another scene, Wilf says ‘I don’t know where we are, but I don’t like this place. It’s scary’. After a group of angry men kick open a door, he adds: ‘I told you this place was scary’. Meanwhile, Princess Aisha describes the group of men as ‘dangerous’. Binuraj Menon, a lecturer at Portsmouth University, said: ‘Children aren’t born racists, but can stop them from becoming one. The strong presence of orientalism in western culture and literature is not at all surprising.’ English teacher named Sherish said: ’Wow, am I right to think this is inappropriate?! What else makes me uncomfortable is teachers who claim to see nothing wrong with this, and continue to expose our children to it, not realising the damage they are causing.’ The Anti Bias Curriculum Project said it was disgusting that the book had been printed and said parents ‘have a responsibility to prevent their children from being racist, but educators too’. But others claimed critics had ‘jumped to conclusions’. Leonardo de Waal said: ‘What perhaps is inappropriate is that we jump to conclusions before setting the context. This is precisely what we should avoid. ‘It’s a story where these children must hide something precious and become paranoid in the process.’ A spokesperson for OUP said the company sought to ensure their books were ‘diverse and inclusive’ and the book was taken out of print in March as a result. They said in a statement: ‘The title in question – The Blue Eye – was originally published in 2001 and amended in 2012; the last sentence of text on the page in question was changed to read: “It would be easy to lose each other in such a crowded place”. ‘The book was then taken out of print completely in March this year, following an independent review, and is no longer available to purchase. ‘OUP destroyed its own remaining stock of the book, although a small number of copies may still remain in the supply chain; some older titles may still be available in libraries, or as second-hand copies. ‘At OUP, we regularly review and make changes to our list of titles to ensure they are up-to-date, diverse, inclusive, and reflective of the world we live in, and we take steps to remove any products that are no longer appropriate from our collection. ‘We also continuously listen to feedback from our customers, and we take our responsibility to learn and improve very seriously.’ The spokesperson told Metro Mr Hunt was unavailable for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.