Pep Guardiola insists he would be happy to give Manchester United the full lowdown on Erik Ten Hag with the Ajax boss looking increasingly likely to take over at Old Trafford come the end of the season. Ten Hag was interviewed by United chiefs last month and on Friday described United as a ‘great club’ while reaffirming his commitment to Ajax until the end of the season. The 52-year-old worked at Bayern Munich during Guardiola’s trophy-laden reign at Bayern Munich and the current Manchester City boss is in no doubt that the Dutchman would be a success in the Premier League. He said: ‘Are you asking me if Erik ten Hag could be here? Definitely. A lot could be here and I think he could be one of the ones. For the way he approaches the game, definitely, definitely.’ Ten Hag had previously been mooted as a potential successor to Guardiola at the Etihad Stadium when the eventually opts to call-time on his ultra-successful spell in charge. And he would endorse him to City director of football Txiki Begiristain saying: ‘I will say it to Txiki now.’ While Guardiola is certain of Ten Hag’s credentials, given the struggles of his predecessors, the former Barcelona boss stopped short of guaranteeing that one of his proteges can deliver instant success.  He said: ‘If I was 100 per cent sure I would call Man United and say ‘guys you have to take him’ but nobody knows. ‘In the past there were brilliant managers. Since Sir Alex left, you cannot say David Moyes is not a proper manager. ‘Or Louis van Gaal or Jose Mourinho. All the managers that have been at United are excellent.’ Guardiola, meanwhile, revealed he has been keeping a close eye on Ten Hag and has been thoroughly impressed by the job he has done at Ajax. He said: ‘The relationship we had was good, especially when we talked about football. ‘We spoke quite regularly and he is just an incredible person and human being. I was surprised at how humble he was. For his qualities, just take a look at his Ajax team. ‘It is a joy to watch. In many, many games, not just the year they got to the Champions League semi-final, and with little details they would have reached the final. ‘Ajax is one of the teams, maybe the team, that has an incredible mythology and tradition with the way they play. ‘It doesn’t matter on the coach, the way they play is the same since Rinus Michels or Johan Cryuff. They continue the legacy.’ MORE : ‘We know how the world works’ – Ajax technical manager unsure over Erik ten Hag future following Man Utd interview MORE : Ralf Rangnick hits back at Louis van Gaal over his advice to Erik ten Hag For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 