A disgruntled pensioner has waited more than a year for his new £37,000 Land Rover to be built. Michael Finnerty is ‘baffled’ as to why the car is not already sat on his driveway. The 68-year-old says the delay means he has to take his grandchildren to school by foot, even when it’s raining. Michael ordered his Discovery Sport through Jaguar’s Land Rover employee scheme back in March 2021. He laid down a £1,000 deposit but progress now seems to have stalled. The pensioner, who worked at a Jaguar branch in the West Midlands for 20 years, told Birmingham Mail: ’The contract was signed, the order was put in [but] I haven’t received my car. ‘After 20 years of service to the company, loyal service I might add, they are not looking after me. ‘All I’m asking for is a build date.’ The delay has been caused by a global semiconductor computer chip shortage that took hold during the pandemic. Jaguar Land Rover has apologised to customers, but also hinted the shortage is far from over. Meanwhile, Michael says he doesn’t want to wait a moment longer. He explained that he wouldn’t consider another car, as he needed a seven-seater for his five grandchildren. He told Birmingham Live: ‘Obviously I have thought about it but it’s the only car I want.’ Michael added that his lack of vehicle means he now has to rely on public transport. He added: ‘Because I’m retired I’ve managed to do without a car. I imagine people who need a car would have cancelled the order. ‘You can’t wait and be without a car for 12 months if you are working.’ A spokesperson for Jaguar Land Rover said: ‘Like other automotive manufacturers, we are currently experiencing some continued supply chain disruption, including the global availability of semiconductors, which is having an impact on our production schedules and our ability to meet global demand for some of our vehicles. ‘We sympathise and will be in contact with Mr Finnerty and are working hard to minimise the impact on customer orders wherever possible.’ The shortage of semiconductors was caused in part by increased demand for personal computers, tablets and smartphones at the height of the pandemic. Now, covid-related closures still plague car companies trying to build new vehicles. Other brands such as Ford, BMW and Honda have been affected by the shortages. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.