Last month, little Sally was found wandering alone in a Liverpool park with a badly broken leg. The 12-week-old lurcher puppy had been abandoned, and it’s thought her original owners may have left her to avoid paying for vet bills. The poor girl had a compound fracture – meaning part of her leg bone had pierced her skin. RSPCA animal rescue officer Katie Glenn said: ‘A member of the public found the puppy in a local park – known as Broadway or Norris Green Park – on 30 March. ‘She had severe injuries to her back legs including an open fracture to her right back leg which needed immediate veterinary treatment. ‘Sadly, vets felt her leg couldn’t be saved, and we had to make the difficult decision to amputate.’ Warning: Graphic content ahead. The pup, who the team named Sally, is now recovering in one of the charity’s animal centres, and will soon be placed in a foster home when she’s well enough. Sally was not microchipped and wasn’t wearing a collar. So if no one comes forward to claim her, the search for her new home will begin. Katie said: ‘We’d ask anyone who recognises Sally or who may have seen anything suspicious in the park on 30 March to get in touch with us on our appeal line on 0300 123 8018 and leave a message for myself or my colleague, Inspector Jenny Bethel. ‘We believe Sally may have been injured in a road accident or similar and that her owners may have panicked when faced with a potentially hefty vet bill. ‘We understand that times are hard and that families are facing the fall-out of Covid and alarming cost of living rises, and we fear this could cause financial difficulties for many, including those with pets. ‘If you’re struggling, please reach out and ask for help. There are many national and local charities that could help. And if your pet needs veterinary treatment please do not delay but speak to your clinic about payment plans or discounted treatment. ‘We’d urge owners never to abandon their pet but to ask for help.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Emotional moment dog is reunited with its owner in Bucha MORE : Oldest working mountain dog honoured with award for her 11 years of brilliant service MORE : Dog who’s spent 750 days in RSPCA shelter desperately needs a home