A garden in Kent has become so overgrown that a postman now refuses to deliver mail there. Branches and vines have spread to nearby properties, leading to a growing number of complaints. Dramatic photos show just how much nature has taken over the garden, in the town of Ramsgate. A van facing the street is pictured nearly engulfed in leaves and branches, while huge trees can be seen towering over the house. The town’s local postman has stopped delivering letters through the property’s front door – and says the chaotic garden makes the house ‘undeliverable’. One neighbour claims he was forced to rebuild their wall due to the out-of-control vegetation. It is thought there is barely any natural light on the inside of the property, due to the volume of trees. One disgruntled neighbour told The Sun: ‘The locals are aware of it, the PCSOs and the fire brigade have been round a few times. ‘I don’t understand how there is no responsibility for it. You have people walking up and down picking up litter. ‘I’m left thinking seriously what is the point of that when you have this there. ‘It isn’t as bad as it was; it has been cut down a bit. But the front is completely overgrown.’ Thanet District Council reportedly have struggled to get through to the house’s owner. Ted, another neighbour, told the Sun: ‘He is very nice, but a bit secluded really. The house is definitely lived in. ‘He doesn’t do a lot with it though. He leaves us alone so we leave him alone.’ Meanwhile Rena Reves said her mysterious neighbour was ‘an enigma wrapped in bush’. She added: ‘There used to be a little path that went up to the front door but that’s long gone. ‘Some of the vines have started going to the chimney of the other house, and if it gets into the brickwork that won’t be any good.’ But an anonymous friend of the homeowner maintained the homeowner was a ‘lovely man’ who ‘did a lot for charity’. The friend added the man preferred using the back door to get in and out of the home. A spokesman for Thanet District Council said: ‘We are aware of the situation at the property on Boundary Road, Ramsgate and our Empty Homes Team has attempted to engage with the owner on more than one occasion, unfortunately without success.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.