MTK Global have announced they have ‘ceased operations’ following US sanctions against co-founder Daniel Kinahan. Earlier this month, the US Treasury announced sanctions against Kinahan and several associates for involvement in criminal enterprise including drug trafficking and money laundering. Dubai-based Kinahan, who has no criminal convictions, also has a $5million bounty on his head with authorities seeking information leading to the ‘financial destruction’ of the gang and the arrest of its leaders in an unprecedented joint effort from American, Irish and British agencies. In the days that followed, MTK attempted to distance themselves from Kinahan, insisting he has had no involvement in the management company since 2017. But with promoters cutting ties and refusing to work with fighters aligned with MTK, the group that counts Tyson Fury among its clients have now announced a halt to their operations – with their statement coming while ‘The Gypsy King’s pre-fight press conference with Dillian Whyte was taking place in London. ‘As a business we have faced unprecedented levels of unfair scrutiny and criticism since the sanctioning by the US Government of Daniel Joseph Kinahan,’ a statement said. ‘It is a matter of public record that Mr Kinahan’s involvement in MTK ceased in 2017, and despite repeated reassurances in this regard, unfounded allegations about his ongoing association with us and our fighters persist. ‘Since leading promoters have no informed us that they will be severing all ties with MTK and will no longer work with our fighters, we have taken the difficult decision to cease operations at the end of the month. ‘MTK prospered because we always put the long term interests of our fighters at the heart of what we do. Our priority in the weeks ahead will be to ensure that our world class boxers are supported to find new partnership as swiftly as possible. ‘MTK gyms are operated independently so will remain open for the foreseeable future. Further announcements will be made in due course. ‘Thank you to all the fans who have supported us over the last decade.’ Also among the fighters managed by MTK are flyweight champion Sunny Edwards, former super-middleweight champion Billy Joe Saunders and UFC fighter Darren Till. MORE : MTK Global cease boxing operations following sanctions against Daniel Kinahan MORE : Tyson Fury breaks silence over Daniel Kinahan ahead of Dillian Whyte fight as WBC president Mauricio Sulaiman denies links For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 