Jamie Carragher believes Manchester United’s move for Erik ten Hag is ‘a brave decision’ and has urged the Ajax boss to get rid of Cristiano Ronaldo and Paul Pogba once he joins Old Trafford. Ten Hag is now the clear favourite to become United’s next manager after impressing the club’s hierarchy during their discussions over the past few weeks. Mauricio Pochettino was also in contention but United have now decided that ten Hag represents the best fit for the club’s current situation. Carragher has backed United’s choice but believes Pogba and Ronaldo should have no place in his team next season. ‘I think it’s a good decision, I think it’s a brave decision,’ Carragher told CBS Sports. ‘The easy choice would have been Pochettino because he’s been in the Premier League before, so they’ve gone for a manager who’s not been in the Premier League. ‘They’ve always gone with the established name if you like in terms of Jose Mourinho, Louis van Gaal. They went with Ole [Gunnar Solskjaer], who was the easy choice. ‘The brave choice would have been not to go with Ole because he had such a good time to start with as a caretaker. ‘So what I mean by this is he’s not managed at a big club and he is seen as this up-and-coming coach, ‘he’s new, he’s fresh’ and Pochettino’s not, he’s actually older than Pochettino, which some people don’t seem to actually know. ‘I don’t think he’s getting picked for the fact of just what he’s done for Ajax in terms of being successful because you expect that at Ajax. ‘But what they’ve done in the Champions League in terms of getting to the semi-final, how they play their football, their performance in the group stage this season. ‘They’ll be disappointed to go out to Benfica but I think it’s a brave choice because I do think Manchester United now need to start making brave decisions, and some of them about the players as well, in terms of Pogba and Cristiano Ronaldo need to go.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 