A massive rave that went on for 21 hours has offered yet more evidence of just how sick people are of Partygate. More than 1,000 people attended the event near the Lulworth Ranges in Dorset in the early hours on Sunday before police came to break up the party. However, people have jumped to defend the ravers, suggesting they were just having a bit of cake, in reference to the defence given by Tory ministers over Boris Johnson’s law-breaking lockdown parties. ‘Well, from what I’ve heard they were only there for less than 10 minutes, and it’s a business meeting,’ one person wrote on Dorset Police’s Facebook page. ‘Boris can do what he wants, so they can too. Why not try and find some real criminal behaviour?’ Another said: ‘They’re just having a bit of cake for 10 minutes to polish off the cheese and wine! ‘When the people that govern our country don’t even follow the rules how can you expect a few peaceful, happy, music loving ravers to do so.’  Mr Johnson is the first sitting British Prime Minister to have been found to have broken the law after being fined for going to his own birthday party in June 2020. It’s believed the PM is facing even more fines as shocking reports emerged he allegedly ‘poured drinks’ and led the celebrations at another party. The site of the Dorset rave was near where the army regularly trains, prompting a warning they were putting themselves in danger of their live firing practice. Disgruntled locals complained about hearing music 10 miles away and described the sound like ‘rolling tanks and gunfire’ keeping them up through the night. Police tried to shut the surrounding roads but by 1pm yesterday, the party was in full swing. A blockade to deter the revellers in the quiet village of West Holme ended up causing traffic chaos for Sunday daytrippers on the narrow lanes. The partygoers, however, simply dumped their cars and walked straight past. Nearly 24 hours after they were first ordered to go, the last of the revellers and vehicles had left by 9pm last night. Deputy Chief Constable Sam de Reya said: ‘Due to the large scale of the event and the inherent impact of dispersing such a high number of people, this process took some time.‘ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.