A boozy breakfast is almost always a recipe for disaster – but we’re not sure we’ve ever seen it go quite this badly. Lindsey Clark was out celebrating a friend’s birthday at a bottomless brunch on Easter Sunday when she found herself in an unlikely position. The 40-year-old offered to reach down the back of a booth to retrieve a friend’s coat which had fallen down a gap between the seat and the wall. Things, it’s fair to say, did not go exactly to plan and she managed to end up wedged in the gap herself, her feet sticking directly up into the air. Two young lads working at the TwelveTwentyFive restaurant in North Shields jumped into action and managed to yank her out by the legs. Lindsey was stuck upside down for over a minute, during which time her friends did the only thing they could do: wet themselves laughing. Thankfully she was uninjured and only slightly more light-headed than she might have been after a morning on the prosecco. Lindsey said she was fully ‘wedged’ and ‘probably would have been okay if I was a bit skinnier but I got stuck’. She added: ‘I have bruises on my boobs and belly where I was stuck and scratches on my legs as the back of the sofa was made with wood. ‘It was mortifying but it didn’t ruin my night, everyone knows that’s what I’m like anyway.’ Julie Jackson, whose 47th birthday was the occasion for the meet-up, said: ‘We were out celebrating my birthday. We were drinking all sorts but a lot of prosecco. ‘My other friend’s jacket fell behind the sofa so Lindsey reached down to get it and fell behind the sofa. ‘She was stuck for about ten minutes in total. The staff were all lovely, they could have been funny about it but they were really nice. ‘It’s not a birthday I’ll forget.’ Support worker Julie shared the hilarious video on her Facebook where it attracted thousands of likes. The Newcastle support worker said: ‘I didn’t expect to get that reaction. Lindsey finds it hilarious, it’s just a bit of a laugh. ‘She’s always wanted to be famous, although I don’t think this is how she expected it to happen.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.