Pep Guardiola must pick Raheem Sterling ahead of Jack Grealish for Manchester City’s huge clash with Liverpool on Sunday, with Sterling providing a more dangerous asset than his teammate, believes Danny Murphy. The top two in the Premier League meet on Sunday at the Etihad in a massively important contest in the title race. Both Guardiola and Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp have big decisions to make in terms of team selection, with plenty of competition for places in both of their excellent squads. Former Reds star Murphy thinks that one of the most important choices Guardiola must make is between Grealish and Sterling, but the Murphy believes there is a clear winner in that contest. A more potent goal and assist threat, with more pace than Liverpool right-back Trent Alexander-Arnold, Murphy thinks Guardiola must deploy Sterling down the left flank to really trouble the Reds. On whether Grealish is in Manchester City’s strongest starting XI, Murphy told the Daily Mail: ‘Right now, no — and that’s despite being a huge Jack Grealish fan for how he can dribble past and beat defenders in the tightest of areas. ‘Competition for places at City is incredibly strong and what Raheem Sterling and Riyad Mahrez have over Grealish is end product in terms of goals and assists. ‘Sometimes you need a wide player with speed who can get in behind the full back, and Sterling is better at that than Grealish. Sterling is quicker than Alexander-Arnold and it is an obvious tool for Guardiola.’ Going into the match, Manchester City are one point ahead of Liverpool and there are eight games to play, so there is plenty more to be decided, but Murphy thinks the winner on Sunday will go on to lift the Premier League title. ‘I’d say so,’ he said. ‘A City win would give them a four-point gap at the top and even if Guardiola’s team slip up in one of the seven games left, I can’t see them doing it twice. ‘A Liverpool win would see them on top having been 14 points behind at one stage. The lead would be narrow but Liverpool’s priority is the Premier League and once ahead, they’ll do everything to stay there, even at the expense of the Champions League or FA Cup.’ MORE : David James picks out three key battles ahead of Manchester City vs Liverpool MORE : Jordan Henderson includes two Liverpool teammates and one Manchester City star in dream 5-a-side team￼ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 