Struggling to put dinner on the table. Being unable to fill the car with fuel to see the grandkids. This is not how most see their retirement – but it’s the reality for these tenants hit by a brutal £1,000 bill hike. Malcolm Bridges, 71, and his Oxford neighbours have been forced to ‘cut back on necessities such as food’ after a whopping rise in service charge and rent. Pensioners living at Harris Court and Drew House were slapped with a four-week notice by GreenSquareAccord (GSA) that annual costs are going up. Rent and service charge combined have gone up from around £6,570 a year to £7,630, a steep rise for people already struggling to make ends meet. Mr Bridges, who has been living in the estate for over-55s with his partner since 2015, said communication between tenants and GSA has been ‘appalling’. The retired civil engineer spends half of his pension on rent, council tax and other bills. He can now no longer afford to visit his only grandson, he said, because the monthly increase costs the same as the two tanks of petrol needed to drive to his home. Mr Bridges told Metro.co.uk: ‘Me and my partner are going to have to cut down on a few things. My daughter and my eight-year-old grandson live in Shropshire. ‘That’s two visits to see my grandson. I can’t do that anymore. I will no longer be able to afford to see him.’ As a result of economic pressures on the not-for-profit GSA, rent is going up by 4.1% – the maximum amount allowed by the government – and service charge by 76%, according to community union ACORN Oxford. Alongside 10 other tenants, Mr Bridges has joined the local branch and is refusing to comply with GSA’s ‘outrageous’ increase. In a letter to director Ross Kuklinski, they stressed this jump in service charge will be ‘exhausting and untenable’. According to the Ministry of Housing’s policy for social housing, basic rent cannot be raised above inflation plus 1% per year. Rules also stipulate providers ‘should endeavour’ to limit service charges to inflation plus 1%. Usually, the fee covers upkeep of communal facilities and cleaning services. As a result, tenants have accused GSA of sneaking further rent increases in through the ‘back door’. ‘What we are really looking for is a face-to-face meeting with a senior decision-maker,’ Mr Bridges said. ‘The service charge needs to be kept to inflation. ‘We also want to open up a permanent channel for communication between GSA and residents, which we haven’t got at the moment.’ On Wednesday, tenants and ACORN members gathered outside GSA’s offices in the city. Pictures from the rally showed them holding placards that read ‘76% service charge hike, is that fair Green Square’. Imogen Thomas, Oxford city councillor and tenants’ champion, blasted the ‘rip-off fee increases’. She said: ‘Too many housing associations take advantage of systemic power imbalances to charge whatever they can get away with, but they can be held to account when tenants stand together. ‘At a time when many are struggling to make ends meet, GSA should show some humanity and look again at the figures they seem to have plucked from thin air.’ GSA stressed the service charge rise directly reflects significant increases to the cost of services in the buildings and improvements like new fire safety measures. A spokesperson said a detailed breakdown of rent and service charges were sent to all renters four weeks in advance of the increases coming into effect, in line with the terms of their tenancy agreements. They added: ‘We understand the cost of living crisis is putting more pressure on our customers than ever. ‘GSA is a not-for-profit organisation which is faced with the same economic pressures and increased costs, and we have a duty to the tens of thousands of people to whom we provide housing and support across the country to make sure that we operate sustainably. ‘A service charge is applied to some tenancies to cover costs associated with delivering certain services to customers living in the building. ‘When the cost of providing services to a particular building increase, the only fair and ethical way to recover those costs is to pass them on directly to those who benefit from them.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.