DIY literally stands for do it yourself, but there are some jobs best left to the professionals. It’s easy to get carried away with your own skills, only to end up bursting a pipe, injuring yourself, or wasting money on materials that you don’t properly know how to work with. That’s why – before you start any renovation project – it’s best to divvy up jobs accordingly, opting for DIY where you can but calling in experts where necessary. Tasks that require a professional are generally those that could be dangerous for an unqualified person, like dealing with wiring, plumbing, or load bearing walls. Knowing when to swallow your pride and delegating to experienced experts can protect your safety as well as your bank balance – these are the jobs best left to the pros. In the UK, water pressure can vary greatly between home to home, affected by factors like how high up your house is (if it’s a high floor or you’re on a hill), nearby water use, and blockages or leaks. Many may try to take matters into their own hands to improve pressure, but amateur efforts could cause more issues than they fix. A ‘hack’ shared on TikTok shows creators removing the flow restrictor from a shower head is an example of this. Toolstation surveyed 100 trade professionals about the method, and they were less than complementary. ‘Hospital A&E departments are busy enough already,’ responded one plumber. Another plumber and bathroom fitter added: ‘Flow restrictors are in place for a reason, removal can cause temperature issues, especially in the case of combi boilers. I would say NEVER remove them unless the manufacturer clearly states they can be removed entirely.’ DIY plumbing in general should be avoided. HomeHow.co.uk asked over 3,000 Brits how much their renovation mishaps had set them back, finding that a poorly fitted toilet costs an average of £350 to fix, while rectifying a botched sink install is £300. ‘A quick plumbing fix may turn into flooding disaster,’ said experts, warning of ‘potential flooding if installed incorrectly.’ Taking a plunger to your drains is one thing, but working with mains pipes is risky business. There’s a risk of causing explosions or leaks, burning yourself, or being fined for works if you don’t have the correct permissions. If in doubt, always check with a licensed professional. Electrical wires are another area to steer clear of. According to charity Electrical Safety First, almost half of all electric shocks described as ‘severe’ are the result of a DIY error. Each year, around 12,500 house fires are also caused by unsafe electrics in the home. Darren Staniforth, Technical Development Manager at the National Inspection Council for Electrical Installation Contracting, says: ‘Meddling in electrical work can result in serious problems for those that are unqualified. ‘Unfortunately, this is something that we are seeing increasing amounts of in recent years. ‘We’d seriously discourage homeowners from having a go at seemingly simple electrical work, and instead, have peace of mind by hiring a fully registered electrician, such as those with NICEIC, to ensure any work is completed to a safe and high standard.’ According to HomeHow’s research, 5% of UK homeowners have attempted a DIY loft conversion, despite it being the most expensive project to get wrong. Holly Herbert, Head of Content at webuyanyhouse.co.uk, says: ‘When converting a loft, you may cause more harm than good, especially if you damage the roof or put a foot through the rafters. Replacing the roof could cost you up to £35,000.’ As well as the potential for damage, you’ll also have to navigate planning permission and building regulations yourself – something best left to those who know their stuff. Although it’s been attempted by 10% of UK homeowners, knocking down walls isn’t suited to an amateur. Holly says: ‘If you knock down a wall and don’t know exactly what you’re doing, you run the risk of your property suffering from subsidence, which can cost up to £20,000 to fix. ‘If you try to knock through a supporting wall, you also run the risk of your house collapsing, and losing everything.’ A structural engineer or surveyor may need to assess whether a wall is load bearing, and steel beams or joists put in place to support the weight of the roof and upper floors. Open plan living is nice – but a demolished property is a little too open, as we’re sure you’d agree. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to tile a wall MORE : The common mistakes experts see DIY-newbies make