Al Pacino has unwittingly managed to break the internet with his choice of a phone case. The Godfather actor, 81, sent fans into a spin after he enjoyed a low-key dinner with Jason Momoa, who shared a snap of their evening on Instagram. ‘Amazing night @pacegallery Julian Schnabel’s – for ESME’ with Love and Squalor so thankful to enjoy dinner with legends. all my aloha j,’ he captioned the uploads. While we were all living for their casual night out, eagle-eyed fans on social media took the opportunity to zoom in on the snap, unveiling the Hollywood legend’s cover – with what seemed to be a photo of Shrek. Yes, seriously. Social media producer Marie Bardi couldn’t get enough of the picture, penning on Twitter: ‘Al’s headphones continue to be iconic, but I need a full investigation on whatever the f**k is supposed to be on his iPhone case.’ Shortly after, Marie found a similar-looking case of the glorious green ogre available for $12.95 (£9.94) on Amazon, uploading a screenshot with the message: ‘OH MY GOD’. Right on cue, Twitter went into meltdown at the information as Al Pacino began trending on the social media platform. A user commented: ‘God bless Al Pacino and his Shrek iPhone case.’ Another yelled: ‘JUST FOUND OUT AL PACINO HAS SHREK PHONE CASE OHMYGOD?!?!?!?’ ‘Al Pacino has a Shrek phone case one more reason as to why he’s a legend,’ one wrote. ‘Petition for make another Shrek movie but all the characters are voiced by Al Pacino,’ a fan suggested. A follower went the extra mile and appeared to message Al’s daughter, Olivia, on Instagram, desperate for clarification. In a screenshot of the DM, they asked: ‘Hi Olivia, sorry for the random question but there’s a bunch of people (including me) going crazy on Twitter because they saw a picture of Al in which it seems he has a Shrek phone case? ‘Is that possible? Because that would be iconic lmao anyway have a nice day :).’ A person appearing to be Olivia settled the debate, replying: ‘Yes it is hahah!!’ Hopefully now we can get the Godfather / Shrek crossover we need and deserve. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Joanna Page urges James Corden and Ruth Jones to write another Gavin & Stacey special before she’s too old MORE : Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz ask wedding guests to donate to Ukrainian charity after $3,000,000 ceremony 