A Conservative justice minister has quit after Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak were fined by police over the partygate scandal. Peer David Wolfson said he was resigning over the ‘scale, context and nature’ of breaches of Covid regulations in Downing Street. He told the Prime Minister that his ‘own conduct’ had contributed to the decision, as well as the actual events. Lord Wolfson added that the ‘repeated rule-breaking, and breaches of the criminal law’ in No 10 had caused him to walk away. Meanwhile, two Tory MPs have called for PM to step – but have opted not to submit letters of no confidence in his leadership. Nigel Mills and Craig Whittaker said Mr Johnson’s position was untenable. The move comes after the two most powerful men in Government were found to have broken the law on Monday, with Mr Johnson gaining the dubious distinction of becoming the first sitting Prime Minister to ever do so. Both politicians have said they will not resign. In his letter to the PM, Lord Wolfson explained ‘Justice may often be a matter of courts and procedure, but the rule of law is something else – a constitutional principle which, at its root, means that everyone in a state, and indeed the state itself, is subject to the law. ‘I regret that recent disclosures lead to the inevitable conclusion that there was repeated rule-breaking, and breaches of the criminal law, in Downing Street. ‘I have – again, with considerable regret – come to the conclusion that the scale, context and nature of those breaches mean that it would be inconsistent with the rule of law for that conduct to pass with constitutional impunity, especially when many in society complied with the rules at great personal cost, and others were fined or prosecuted for similar, and sometimes apparently more trivial, offences.’ Mr Johnson, his wife Carrie and Mr Sunak have all paid £50 fines and apologised for the lockdown busting event on the PM’s birthday in 2020 – but a chorus of criticism from across the political spectrum has been calling for them to step down. ‘It is not just a question of what happened in Downing Street or your own conduct’, Lord Wolfson went on. ‘It is also, and perhaps more so, the official response to what took place. ‘As we obviously do not share that view of these matters, I must ask you to accept my resignation.’ Mr Mills, the MP for Amber Valley in Derbyshire, became the first Tory backbencher to publicly call for Mr Johnson to fall on his sword since the fines landed. He said: ‘Yeah, I think for a Prime Minister in office to be given a fine and accept it and pay it for breaking the laws that he introduced… is just an impossible position. ‘We have every right to expect higher standards of people making these laws… so the idea that he can survive having broken one and accepted he has broken (it), I just think is impossible.’ Boris Johnson has said he was ‘sorry to receive’ Lord Wolfson’s resignation. The Prime Minister replied: ‘We have greatly benefited from your years of legal experience, and you can be proud of the contribution you have made to the Government as we have implemented important reforms to cut crime and support victims.’ Meanwhile, Mr Whittaker, the MP for West Yorkshire constituency of Calder Valley, called for both the Prime Minister and Mr Sunak to walk away. ‘To be very clear, my personal opinion is that he and the Chancellor both should resign because you can’t set the laws and then break them as they have,’ he said in a Facebook video. But Mr Whittaker will not be submitting a letter to the 1922 Committee of backbench Tories, saying he thought the PM would win the vote – which he argued would distract from the Ukraine and cost-of-living crises. The cabinet have largely fallen into line to support the PM – but more fines, a poor result in the local elections or the eventual publication of the Sue Gray report could yet spell more trouble for Mr Johnson’s premiership. One minister who was publicly quiet over the scandal was Home Secretary Priti Patel, but a Home Office source said Mr Johnson has her ‘full support’. It was argued it was difficult for Home Office ministers to comment on ongoing police investigations. Tory MPs could also remove him from power if enough of them write no confidence letters to the 1922 Committee. But for now, they appear to have collectively come to the conclusion that Mr Johnson offers a better chance of electoral victory than his possible successors, while the war in Ukraine is also being used as a justification for not removing him now. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Girl’s letter to Boris saying she’d cancelled her own party while he partied