Lidl has a number of offers in the middle aisle every week – called the Middle of Lidl. From BBQs to fitness gear, and scuba-diving equipment to weighted blankets – there are always some great deals to be found. But what does the legendary middle aisle have in store of Lidl shoppers this week? Here are our top picks. From grooming to cooking, you’re spoiled for choice in Lidl this week. There are items for your home, ones for you, and something for if you have guests this bank holiday weekend. As part of its focus on car essentials, Lidl has a bargain wet and dry vacuum available for just £39.99. Perfect for bank holiday weekend car cleaning, it sucks up dirt in seconds – and can be used as a blower tool too. Available in Lidl stores from today. Take it from us, barbers will be packed this weekend with folks looking for a fresh trim for the Easter break. Take matters into your own hands with this bargain clipper set, reduced from £29.99 to £16.99. It has DualCut technology with self-sharpening blades, and a comb designed to prevent clogging – what could go wrong?! Available in Lidl stores from today. Many people are trying to cut costs right now, and this water jug is a must if you normally buy bottled water. Filter up to 2.4 litres of water for a better taste, less limescale, and longer-lasting appliances as they won’t become calcified. At £9.99, you’ll start saving after a few refills. Available in Lidl stores from Monday April 18. Got guests this long weekend, or just looking for new breakfast recipe ideas? Try this £14.99 waffle maker from Silvercrest. It makes five heart-shaped waffles at once and has a non-stick coating for a smooth (and fluffy) morning meal. Available in Lidl stores from Monday April 18. Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below MORE : London flat you can rent for £2,875 a month has slightly baffling fake grass detail MORE : World’s most underrated road trips revealed, according to a new study