It’s the end of the week, but who knows what might yet happen. Well, we have an idea, and we’re giving you a heads up. Be prepared for things to work out differently to your plans, Capricorn. Gemini, it might be time to lower your expectations. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for today, April 24, 2022. Read on for your star sign’s forecast. March 21 to April 20 Eager to discuss something? Perhaps not! Today’s meandering tie between Mercury and dreamy Neptune, suggests you might be happier to keep it well hidden, especially if it would cause a strong reaction. This can be a time when nothing is quite as it seems, and yet you could be taken in by various notions that seem very doable and quite realistic, even though they may not be. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You may have a very rational reason for wanting to splurge on something, even though doing so could stretch resources. A nebulous aspect might cause you to dissociate from reality, and feel that purchasing an item or experience may be in your best interests. Wait a few days, and you might realise that it isn’t all it’s made out to be. If you look, you could find something much better. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You may have a burning desire to make a plan of vision real, even though it seems impossible at this time. The ongoing Pisces focus, hints that the thirst for this to happen might not go away easily. Seek to be as practical as possible about the potential outcome Gemini, and then you’ll be on a winning ticket. Even so, you may have to lower your expectations for this to happen at all. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Mercury’s angles to Saturn and Neptune can find you willing to think the best about something or someone, but having to face the possibility that what you’ve seen or heard is true. At the same time, you might find it easier to believe the worst, then hope for something better that may not materialize. Perhaps not being too hopeful or too fearful Cancer, is the best approach for now. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 If there’s something you want, then the stellar backdrop encourages you to be honest, and to acknowledge your need. There could be reasons why you may be reluctant to do so, especially if you sense that it might be just out of reach, or even that you don’t deserve it. Neither are true, as you are fully entitled to seek whatever you desire, and admitting it is the first step to getting it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Bold plans will only succeed if you take care of the details yourself. Someone else may promise they’ll do the hard graft, but don’t rely on it, Virgo. If something is important to you, then you need to take full responsibility for it, even if it does eat into your leisure time. The Moon’s angle with Uranus could find you restless too, so if you can fit in a walk or workout, you’ll feel better. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Your curiosity may be in full spate, encouraging you to connect with people and places, and to uncover the latest information on subjects of interest. This weekend can be a very exciting time when you might travel somewhere that has a certain magic about it, or find out something that could be to your advantage. Even so, you may be too generous for your own good at times. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 You may need to hold a difficult conversation and if so the urge to avoid it may be strong Scorpio. But Mercury’s tie with Neptune suggests that you might also decide to bend the truth a little to make things more palatable. If you’re mainly truthful, one or two white lies likely won’t matter. But if you go too far it won’t help you or the situation and will likely make it worse. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Mercury’s link to Neptune, suggests that family members might be in a distracted mood and not ready to listen to advice. As the planet of talk and thought angles towards Saturn too, you may be the one that bursts the bubble of complacency, by speaking plainly about why they need to take notice. You may need to go even further and start the ball rolling, or nothing will happen at all. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Busy today? Be prepared for things to pan out differently to what you had expected. With an ethereal aspect on the go there could be confusion, with others getting times and dates wrong or being generally unmindful. Still, if you’re going to an event or mingling with friends or family, there is a warm and uplifting vibe ongoing, that will make it all very worthwhile, Capricorn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Finding it difficult to communicate with someone? This may be down to an edgy angle, that could see you trying too hard. Relax, and don’t make too big a thing of it. Be yourself and just let the conversation flow naturally. And if this matter runs deep, then refuse to dwell on it or make an issue of it. Over the days ahead it will sort itself out, and things can continue as normal. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 While Jupiter in your sign can encourage you to go all out to enjoy yourself, this might not be as easy as it seems. A close one may need assistance, and you could have to sacrifice a treat or outing so you can help them. Mind, if someone is continually making demands, you might need to have a word. You can’t be in more than one place at once, and you too have plans to consider. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness