Solo travel is hot right now. Whether it’s a one-woman writing retreat to the Italian countryside or a full-blown backpacking adventure across South East Asia, it seems like everyone wants a taste of true independence. In fact, new research by Hostelworld found that 55% of people are planning a solo trip in 2022. But solo travelling, while extremely fulfilling, might get a little lonely sometimes. As adults, making new friends can be daunting: Hostelworld’s survey found that 72% of solo travellers feel nervous ahead of their trip and 30% dread introducing themselves first If you’re worried about making friends, it might be a good idea to choose your locations wisely, lest you end up spending your whole trip wishing you’d brought someone along. According to Hostelworld’s research, these are the best countries for making friends on your solo travels. Spain is a great place to travel solo. Great food, beer, siestas and sangria? What more could you ask for. Spain has a really social culture, not to mention tons of museums, beaches, hikes and buzzing cities like Barcelona and Madrid. Plus, fellow Brits are likely to be found in every corner of the country. Not only is America huge and filled with potential travel buddies, the people are generally very friendly. Whether it’s sightseeing in New York City, surfing in LA or mountain climbing in Colorado, it’s likely you’ll be able to find swarms of people with the same interests as you. Italy is another great option for solo-travel. With so much to see and do, it’s almost impossible to get bored. Plus, the streets come alive at night in Italy, and you’ll be able to find locals and tourists alike drinking in public squares and bars and restaurants everywhere. Fourth on the list is the UK. If you’re from the UK, you’ll know already that most of us are pretty friendly. People everywhere are up for a chat, whether it’s at the bus stop, in a taxi or in the bathroom at a bar. Despite being far away from home, solo travellers heading to Mexico shouldn’t be worried about making friends. Tourists, expats and locals in Mexico are all very open, and Mexico has boasted the happiest population of expats in the world, with the majority having little to no trouble meeting new people. Germany is the epitome of freedom and independence. Home to some of the best nightlife in the world, finding someone to go clubbing with will be no problem whatsoever. On top of that, there are plenty of tourists and hostels geared towards socialising with others. Contrary to what Emily in Paris may have you believe, it’s easy to make friends in France. Solo-travellers often feel safe in France and it’s one of the most visited destinations by tourists on the planet, so you’ll never be short of new people to meet. Not only is Australia a haven for solo travellers and backpackers, it’s also an English-speaking country and, culturally, isn’t much different from back home. Making friends in Australia is likely to be a breeze, whether it’s at work, at your hostel or down at the beach. Another hotspot for solo travellers, Thailand is full of new experiences and people to meet. Because most travellers will have the same plans while they’re there, it’s easy to find people to tag along with, especially if you opt for group tours. Portugal was voted friendliest country in the world in 2021. In fact, 36% of expats said they felt at home straight away and a third said that local residents made up the majority of their friendship group. With a rich culture and beautiful beaches, you’ll have no trouble meeting tourists as well as locals on your trip. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Parents quit jobs to live in a caravan and travel the world with their three kids MORE : Visit these lesser-known Greek islands if you want to avoid tourists this summer MORE : A ‘wellness train’ with crafts and meditation is coming to take you from London to Lincoln