A Conservative MP has been charged with failing to stop after a crash in November. Jamie Wallis, who represents Bridgend, has also been charged with failing to report the crash, careless driving and leaving a vehicle in a dangerous position. South Wales Police say the alleged incident took place in Llanblethian, near Cowbridge. A wooden post was allegedly broken in the one-vehicle crash, which took place at 1.10am. Nobody was injured following the incident. Wallis will appear before Cardiff Magistrates’ Court on May 10. A South Wales Police spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘We have been investigating a road traffic collision which happened in Llanblethian, Cowbridge in the early hours of Sunday, November 28, 2021. ‘Jamie Wallis, 37, from Cowbridge has been charged with failing to stop following a road traffic collision, failure to report a road traffic collision, driving without due care and attention and leaving a vehicle in a dangerous position.’ Mr Wallis is scheduled to appear before Cardiff Magistrates Court at 12.30pm on Tuesday, May 10. The 37-year-old became the first openly transgender parliamentarian in British history when he revealed he was setting out to transition. The MP said he had begun struggling with his gender identity at around eight years old – before the arrival of the internet showed him there were others like him. Wallis, who asks to still be referred to using ‘he’ or ‘him’ until later in his transition, added: ‘As I got older and I started to learn a little bit more about this issue and that moment when you realise it isn’t just you, that moment isn’t just a revelation, it is exciting and terrifying at the same time.’ He has been MP for Bridgend, in Wales, since the 2019 general election. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.