Prince Andrew was branded an ‘utter disgrace’ during an extraordinary council meeting that saw him stripped of the Freedom of the City of York. Members from all the main parties sided with the motion calling to remove the honour on Wednesday night. The duke was given the ambassadorial title in February 1987 in a ceremony shortly after his marriage to Sarah Ferguson. But his link with the city came under scrutiny following revelations about his friendship with disgraced paedophile financier, Jeffrey Epstein, who killed himself in prison while awaiting sex trafficking charges. The campaign to remove the freedom honour gathered pace after Andrew was accused of sexually abusing one of Epstein’s victims, Virginia Giuffre, when she was 17. The prince, who strenuously denied the allegations, made an out of court settlement with the American woman earlier this year. There was no admission of liability in the deal he reached, for an undisclosed sum thought to be in the region of £12 million. However, members of York Council branded him an ‘utter disgrace’ and said the duke brings ‘shame and reputational damage everywhere he goes’. Cllr Darryl Smalley, City of York Council’s Executive Member for Culture, said the Freedom of York was ‘the highest honour’ the city could bestow. He said: ‘The honour is held by many notable and accomplished people who carry it with pride and responsibly. ‘Having been stripped of his military roles and royal patronages by the Queen, we believe that it is right to remove all links that Prince Andrew still has with our great city. ‘I was pleased to see councillors of all parties support this motion and make it clear that it is no longer appropriate for Prince Andrew to represent York and its residents. ‘The removal of this honorary title sends the right message that we as a city stand with victims of abuse.’ Although symbolic, the new humiliation places Andrew under renewed pressure to quit as Duke of York, with civic leaders calling on the Queen or government to step in and strip him of the title if he refuses ‘to do the right thing’. Buckingham Palace has already stripped Andrew of his military titles and royal patronages.  The honorary freedom of the city is bestowed to recognise notable service by local residents, to distinguished people, and to royalty. Other recipients of the honour include the Duke of Wellington, Sir Winston Churchill, film composer John Barry and actress Dame Judi Dench. Andrew was given the freedom as a wedding present from York and he is the first person ever to have it removed, the meeting was told. Independent councillor Dave Taylor told the meeting he hoped Andrew would be replaced by his daughter, Beatrice, as Duchess of York. ‘In contrast to her father, she is personable, intelligent and does her homework, or reads her briefing papers when visiting the City of York,’ Mr Taylor said. Labour’s Aisling Musson told the meeting: ‘We owe it to the people of York, particularly those who have been affected by sexual violence, abuse or human trafficking. ‘Our first duty is not to our reputation but to their well-being and protection, and to remove this stain of an association with this city which I’m sure has weighed heavily on their minds.’ Labour MP Rachael Maskell, who represents York Central, has repeatedly said Andrew should give up his association with the city out of respect. Both Buckingham Palace and a spokesperson for the Duke of York declined to comment. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.