An online greeting cards company has stopped taking orders after being hit by a cyber attack. Funky Pigeon says it was hacked last week but does not believe customer payment data has been compromised. The gift business added that it is writing to all of its customers from the past 12 months to provide details about the attack. But its systems are now offline ‘as a precaution’, meaning it is unable to fulfil its orders. A message on the website reads: ‘Oops! We’re experiencing some issues and we can’t accept new orders at the moment. Please try again later!’ It comes as news emerged of a ‘suspected spyware attack’ on No 10 by powerful cyberweapons linked to the United Arab Emirates. It is unclear who was behind the cyber attack on Funky Pigeon. The WH Smith-owned firm does not believe that any customers’ account passwords have been affected. In a statement, it explained: ‘As soon as we discovered the incident last Thursday, we launched a forensic investigation led by external experts to understand the incident and whether there has been any impact on customer data. ‘We are currently investigating the extent to which any personal data – specifically names, addresses, e-mail addresses and personalised card and gift designs – has been accessed. ‘We take the security of customer data extremely seriously and we have temporarily suspended any new orders via the website.’ The relevant regulators and legal authorities have been told about the breach, according to Funky Pigeon. ‘We would like to sincerely apologise to our customers for any concern or disruption this may cause, and reassure them that our teams are working around the clock to investigate and resolve this incident,’ the company continued. ‘As our investigation progresses, we will provide further updates to customers and other affected parties as necessary.’ It also said it would continue to review and update its protocols after investigating the incident. The hack comes two weeks after retailer The Works was forced to shut some of its stores and halt stock deliveries to its shops following a cyber attack. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Cyberwarfare is the battleground of the 21st century and we’re all involved