New details have emerged about the ‘Butcher of Bucha’, who appears to have recently been blessed by the Orthodox Church. Unmasked as Lieutenant Colonel Azatbek Omurbekov earlier this week, the God-fearing veteran soldier is accused of being behind a slew of war crimes near Kyiv. Horrifying images of dead civilians and mass graves, alongside accusations of their rape, torture and murder in the commuter town have shocked the world. Videos showed civilian bodies littering the streets in Bucha, after Russian forces retreated from the small commuter town. Many victims had their hands bound behind their backs. Omurbekov is the commander of unit 51460, the 64th Separate Motorised Rifle Brigade, which was occupying Bucha, according to InformNapalm. The organisation is a Ukrainian volunteer initiative that monitors the Russian military. The commander, whose troops are accused of a host of atrocities including raping women and girls, was reportedly blessed by an Orthodox priest in November – not long before the invasion began in February. WARNING: Graphic images Following the service, he said: ‘History shows that we fight most of our battles with our souls’, The Times reported. ‘Weapons are not the most important thing. The church is a place where we can take communion and prepare for the coming events. With the blessing of the Almighty, we hope to achieve the same things that our forebears achieved.’ The identification of the commander, who is thought to be around 40, comes as President Zelensky called for those responsible for war crimes to face justice, similarly to the Nuremberg Trials which brought the Nazis to justice after the Second World War. Omurbekov was given a medal for outstanding service in 2014 by Dmitry Bulgakov, Russia’s deputy defence minister. Forces from several other groups are also suspected of being in Bucha, including from the Fifth Separate Guards Tank Brigade of 36th army of the Russian Eastern military district and the 331st Parachute Assault Regiment of 98th airborne division. But Omurbekov is the only commander to have been named so far. Russia insists that allegations of atrocities have been fabricated by Ukraine and accused Ukraine of killing its own civilians in Bucha. Putin’s Foreign Minister, Sergei Lavrov, dismissed the scenes from outside Kyiv as a ‘stage-managed anti-Russian provocation.’ Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said the images contained ‘signs of video forgery and various fakes.’ Satellite images analysed by the New York Times in fact suggest dead bodies have been in the streets since long before the Russian soldiers retreated from Bucha. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Boris Johnson begs in Russian for Putin’s people to end war in Ukraine