This spring, everyone’s talking about energy prices. Dubbed Awful April for good reason, this month has seen an inordinate rise in bills – and living costs across all sectors – but it’s energy where we’re really feeling the pinch. Energy bills are anything to do with light and heat in our homes, and there’s nowhere where these two things are more needed than in the kitchen. But which appliances are the worst culprits? As the energy price cap has risen by 54% since the start of the month, Kesseler‘s energy saving expert, Claire Horne, has revealed the five often overlooked appliances that are increasing your energy bills. Thankfully, she also offers tips on how best to reduce your energy consumption, resulting in cheaper energy bills. ‘A fridge/freezer is one of the biggest culprits for consuming lots of energy, with 12% of the average household’s energy bill caused by its fridge/freezer,’ says Claire. Obviously you can’t just switch your fridge off to save money, but Claire says the way you use the appliance can help reduce the amount of power it uses. ‘Firstly, the more products it contains, the harder it needs to work in order to stay cool and work properly, so begin by making sure you do not overload the fridge,’ she says. ‘Being mindful on what food you really need to buy not only helps you save money on your energy bill, but can also help save you money on your food shop. ‘Another way to help keep your fridge running efficiently is to make sure you defrost it regularly. Even just one quarter of an inch can reduce the efficiency of a freezer by 10%. so make sure all built up ice is removed.’ ‘Although a necessity for any kitchen, if an extractor fan is not used correctly then it can be costly to your energy bill,’ says Claire. To use your extractor fan properly, Claire says you should turn it on when you start cooking but only keep it running for 5-10 minutes after you finish, which she says should be enough time to remove any smells or fumes from the air. ‘If after doing this you notice your fan isn’t working as efficiently as it should, then the best thing to do is hire an engineer to take a look,’ she adds. ‘An inefficient extractor fan will encourage users to keep it on for longer, which can potentially add up to £20 per year to your bill.’ Sad news for anyone who hates cleaning their oven, but a dirty oven uses more energy to cook properly than a clean one, and Claire says this can add up to £30 per year to your energy bill. ‘Although a deep clean of the oven might be the last thing on your mind, it may help keep your oven working efficiently and save you money in the process,’ she says. ‘If your oven is considerably clean yet you notice it isn’t working as efficiently as it should be, then you may need to consider an oven repair or replacement. Buying a new, energy-efficient oven can help reduce future bills by as much as 40%, depending on what type of oven you opt for. ‘A simple tip to take on in the meantime is turn your oven off up to five minutes before you have finished cooking, ensuring you leave the oven door shut for this period. The oven will stay warm enough during this time, so your food will still be cooked to completion. ‘Doing this at every meal time will considerably lower your energy bill.’ Claire says electric hobs are one of the biggest energy consumers in your kitchen, with the average household spending £90 a year on using hobs alone, especially as they take longer to heat up than a gas hob, which provides instant heat. ‘The average cost of an electric hob will increase the older the hob gets or if the hob becomes damaged and dirty, so maintenance is crucial to keep it running as efficiently as possible,’ she says. ‘The electric hob’s energy use can also be impacted by the size of the pans used. It’s a myth that using a smaller pan on a bigger hob will make the pan heat up quicker, instead it will simply waste more energy. Instead, make sure you use the correct sized pan for each ring. ‘Be mindful when using the hob. If you simply need to heat up leftovers then try to avoid using the hob for this task and instead opt for the microwave. ‘The microwave is the most energy-efficient way to cook, as using a microwave for 10 minutes per day will only cost £3 a year.’ We’re a nation of tea-lovers, but filling up your kettle to the maximum amount is a costly habit. ‘In fact,’ Claire says, ‘research shows that boiling your full kettle just four times a day can add £60 to your energy bill. Being mindful with how much water you really need means less electricity waste and can help save water too. ‘It is unsurprising that using the kettle will add to energy bills, however even just leaving the kettle plugged in and switched on can add an unnecessary amount to your energy bill. ‘By not switching your kettle off at the mains, electricity will continue to run through, adding £10 to your annual bill. Avoid this unnecessary expense by simply switching off the kettle at the plug whenever you aren’t using it.’ Claire has some more money-savvy tips that you can use in the kitchen: ‘If you are buying new appliances then make sure you buy the correct sizes for your home,’ she says. ‘Buying a fridge which is big enough to keep food for a family of six when you live on your own will cost much more than necessary. ‘On the other hand, buying smaller appliances, in an attempt to save money, when actually you require a much bigger fridge space, will cause your fridge to work harder to keep food cooler, resulting in more money spent on your bill.’ Claire adds that it’s also wise to check the energy ratings on any new appliances you are investing in. ‘All appliances are given an A-Grating, with many on the higher end of the scale being a similar price to those on the lower end,’ she explains. ‘It is advisable to opt for an appliance with a better energy rating, as having a more energy efficient appliance will save money in the long run, as well as reduce your household’s carbon footprint.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Nutritionist reveals what to eat for breakfast to boost your energy levels MORE : What to do if your energy bill is wrong MORE : Woman who thought she was just bloated stunned after giving birth to her sixth baby on the toilet