Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky held back the tears as he visited the town of Bucha, where evidence is growing of atrocities carried out by Russian troops. Horrifying images show dead bodies lying in the streets or in mass graves – some with hands tied behind their back and with evidence they had been raped, burned or tortured. Russia has tried blaming Ukraine and the West, claiming corpses were planted there as a ‘provocation’ to make Vladimir Putin’s regime look bad. But it is yet to provide any evidence it wasn’t behind these deaths, and archived satellite images suggest bodies started piling up before Russia said its troops left. Authorities have been documenting deaths in the region surrounding Kyiv after Putin’s forces withdrew from the area to shift their focus on eastern Ukraine. Zelensky appeared emotional and overwhelmed as he visited the commuter town of Bucha, vowing to ensure the ‘war crimes’ carried out by Russian soldiers in his country were ‘the last such evil on earth’. He said: ‘Indeed, this is genocide. The elimination of the whole nation and the people. We are the citizens of Ukraine. We have more than 100 nationalities. This is about the destruction and extermination of all these nationalities.’ Zelensky looked emotional as he admitted it was ‘very difficult to talk when you see what they’ve done here’. Vowing that ‘every crime of the occupiers on the territory of our state’ would be investigated, he said: ‘Everyone guilty of such crimes will be entered in a special Book of Executioners… [they] will be found and punished. ‘The world has seen many war crimes. The time has come to make the war crimes committed by Russian troops the last such evil on Earth. It’s very difficult to talk when you see what they’ve done here. ‘The longer the Russian Federation drags out the meeting process, the worse it is for them and for this situation and for this war. ‘We know of thousands of people killed and tortured, with severed limbs, raped women and murdered children.’ Ukraine’s prosecutor-general said the bodies of 410 civilians were recovered from towns surrounding Kyiv after Russian troops withdrew last week. In total, 161 children have died and 264 have been injured since Putin launched his invasion of Ukraine on February 24. The war has created the biggest exodus of refugees from a European country since World War II, with more than 4.2million fleeing the conflict. Some bodies haven’t been able to be collected due to fears Russian troops have left mines among them as booby traps. Zelensk told CBS: ‘They are mining all this territory. Houses are mined, equipment is mined, even the bodies of dead people.’ A mass grave containing the bodies of at least 20 civilians was discovered in woodlands near the town of Motzyhn, about 20 miles west of Bucha. It contained the bodies of local mayor Olga Sukhenko, who was buried along with her husband and son, according to Ukraine’s former ambassador to Austria Olexander Scherba. Sukhenko was found with her fingers and arms broken, according to the mayor of the nearby town of Kopyliv. A Motyzhyn resident said Russian soldiers killed any Ukrainian officials who refused to collaborate. It was reported that Sukhenko had been kidnapped by Russian forces on March 23 and taken to an unknown location. Boris Johnson warned said horrifying images are evidence that Russia is committing war crimes in Ukraine. Vowing that the UK will step up sanctions and military aid, he said: ‘I will do everything in my power to starve Putin’s war machine. ‘No denial or disinformation from the Kremlin can hide what we all know to be the truth — Putin is desperate, his invasion is failing, and Ukraine’s resolve has never been stronger. ‘We are stepping up our sanctions and military support, as well as bolstering our humanitarian support package to help those in need on the ground. ‘The UK has been at the forefront of supporting the International Criminal Court’s investigation into atrocities committed in Ukraine. ‘The Justice Secretary has authorised additional financial support and the deployment of specialist investigators – we will not rest until justice is served.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.   