Selling Sunset’s latest cast member, Chelsea Lazkani, has caused a stir in the Oppenheim Group, becoming our latest obsession. The British-Nigerian luxury real estate agent hit out screens at the beginning of season five, which was released on Netflix this week, alongside her husband Jeff Lazkani, and their two children, Maddox and Melia. She became inseparable with Christine Quinn and impressed boss Jason Oppenheim with her ability to sell multimillion dollar homes, joining the office soon after. Chatting to Metro.co.uk about being the latest addition to the team, the 29-year-old discussed the incredible reaction that she had received from fans before her debut was even aired. She told us: ‘Everyone’s like Black Girl Magic! I’ve been hyped up, I love it! ‘For me, it was so important to not only show who I am being a mother and a real estate agent, but to really sprinkle some of that Black excellence, because I think it’s not shown enough. ‘This is just the beginning and I love it. ‘When I get messages and people are telling me, “Oh my gosh, I’m really thinking about getting my real estate licence”, or “Oh my gosh, you’ve really inspired me, I love your fashion.” I’m like, yes girl! ‘You’re going to see a lot more people like me in these environments. I just love that, it makes me so happy.’ Chelsea has been the latest agent to secure a desk at the swanky Oppenheim Group, beside castmates Christine, Chrishell Stause, Mary Fitzgerald, Emma Hernan, Davina Potratz, Heather Rae Young, Amanza Smith, Maya Vander and Vanessa Villela. She made an instant impression on the gang, closing a deal and selling a property without even being named as part of the team. Spilling the beans on how she got to grips with her new job, she continued: ‘It’s been such a refreshing experience. ‘For the first time ever, I realised that having been exposed to so many different cultures, and living in multiple different countries, I have a different perspective to some of my fellow castmates in terms of what I perceive as drama, versus what they perceive as drama.’ Laughing that some issues ‘aren’t that deep’, she added: ‘That’s exactly how I feel, and I think that’s my perspective on life in general. ‘It’s all about what you let or choose to affect your energy. I hope that my worldliness has given everybody a little bit of a refreshing perspective.’ Well, we are firmly team Chelsea. Selling Sunset season 5 is available to stream on Netflix now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ashley Cain shares emotional embrace with Ant Middleton as SAS star joins 100-mile run for Azaylia on first anniversary of death MORE : TalkSport host Laura Woods praised for sassy response to troll asking if she slept with footballer Adebayo Akinfenwa 