Vladimir Putin is facing a global arrest warrant over the sickening atrocities of Bucha, an international relations expert has said. Images of mutilated dead bodies have circulated around the world, but Dr Catherine Gegout said it would still not be easy to prove the Russian leader had committed war crimes, and even more difficult to prove it was ‘genocide’. According to the International Criminal Court (ICC), genocide is the intentional destruction of people – usually defined as an ethnic, national, racial, or religious group. ‘The problem with this [proving genocide] is that it is really hard to prove there is this intention to destroy – in whole or in part – a group,’ the associate professor at the University of Nottingham said. ‘When this criteria has been applied to other leaders in the past, it has been really hard to prove they had intent. ‘It is not enough to see the dead bodies – you have to prove this intent. ‘In the case of Vladimir Putin, this would be possible because of what he has said about Ukrainians in the past. ‘In his speeches, he says that he doesn’t recognise Ukraine as a nation, and he has repeated this in 2014 and maybe 2018. It’s historic. ‘When he published his historic paper in July 2021, he basically said that Ukraine should not exist. So, I think there is a possibility of showing this intent.’ Dr Gegout’s comments come as president Volodymyr Zelensky told the UN Security Council that ‘the most terrible war crimes’ since the Second World War are being committed in Ukraine. The Kremlin continues to deny culpability for the horrors in Bucha, but they are believed to be ‘the tip of the iceberg’. Russia’s defence ministry also insisted that ‘not a single civilian has faced any violent action by the military’. But mountains of evidence shared by Ukrainian officials, civilians, refugees and NGOs is why it has been ‘quite straightforward’ for Boris Johnson and other world leaders to label them ‘war crimes’, Dr Gegout said. The expert said war crimes are defined as grave breaches of the Geneva Conventions, and include acts of wilful killing, torture, inhumane treatment and unlawful confinement. ‘We know all this has taken place, it’s straightforward,’ she added. ‘So, with war crimes you don’t need to have that intent like with genocide. ‘War crimes happen when you start targeting civilians. According to the rules of war, you shouldn’t be targeting civilians or bombing hospitals like in Mariupol. ‘Instead, you should be fighting an army. That’s conventional warfare. ‘For example, a genocide would be wanting to eradicate the French or German nation. ‘And then the difference between genocide and mass killing lies with the intent to target a group defined by ethnicity, religion, nationality or race.’ There was international fury following the shocking scenes in Bucha, Irpin and Hostomel. UN human rights spokesperson Liz Throssell said footage from Bucha shows ‘all the signs’ civilians were ‘directly targeted and killed’. Ukrainian officials have also called for a new court for war crimes hearings to be set up, similar to the one that prosecuted atrocities in former Yugoslavia. ‘I don’t think it’s going to be hard to prove Russia’s war crimes, I think it’s highly likely,’ Dr Gegout said. ‘The ICC will already have enough evidence. Genocide is also possible to prove but not highly likely simply because it is so hard to prove. ‘How you gather the evidence is important. Now that the international court has opened an investigation, there is a push for documentation to be gathered and shared by sources like Bellingcat, civilians, charities, NGOs, refugees. ‘The thing is the ICC will want Putin but it is unlikely it will ever get him. ‘The only way they could get him is if the regime changes in Russia and someone hands him over. We can’t just go in and get him. ‘We can’t expect too much from this process but for me, the fact that the president is wanted for war crimes, even if he never gets to The Hague, is important.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.