Deciding to pop the question can be joyful and exhilarating. However, aside from the excitement of realising you’re with the person you want to spend the rest of your life with, proposing also opens the door to a veritable cornucopia of questions including and by no means limited to: What is the right ring size? Sure, some couples will go shopping for rings together, but if you want the ring ready to go when you get down on one knee, you’ll probably want their ring size, and you’d be forgiven for not knowing it off the top of your head. Chances are, they don’t even know themselves. That’s why the team at ethical jeweller Ingle & Rhode has put together some top tips for figuring out someone’s ring size on the down low. Pay attention to the rings your partner wears, and make note of any that they might like to wear on their ring finger. If you can sneak into your partner’s jewellery box, look for said ring and grab a pencil and paper. Draw around the ring both on the outside of the ring and the inside of the band. Then, you can take the piece of paper to your jeweller, and they will be able to measure from there. If you happen to have some of this handy stuff (pun intended) lying around, you can use it as a mould for the ring. Simply grab the ring and press it into a big enough piece for a more accurate impression of the size. Just make sure to keep it safe and sound in transit to the jewellers. This one involves tying a piece of string around their ring finger to get the perfect size, and is not for the faint of heart. It’s admittedly a very tricky one only to be attempted if you can a) trust that your partner will sleep heavily enough for you to get this done in secret or b) make up a believable reason for why they need a string tied around their ring finger. You can also mark the string where it meets around their finger instead, but the risk comes to the same. While someone’s ring size is pretty niche knowledge there is, of course, always a chance that your hopefully-soon-to-be-betrothed’s nearest and dearest could already know it. They could also find a way to slip rings into the conversation, or even lend their hand (somebody stop me!) to one of the stealthy methods above. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Woman, 90, finds late husband’s wedding ring 35 years after he lost it in garden MORE : Passenger uses Euston station displays to ask girlfriend to marry him MORE : Gay couple host first ever same-sex marriage in British Antarctica