Kim Kardashian has revealed why True Thompson was Photoshopped over a photo of Stormi Webster at Disneyland, ending the great mystery that has consumed us all. The old theory resurfaced earlier this month when Khloe Kardashian admitted that photos shared by Kim, showing Chicago and True at the theme park, had actually been edited. Armchair detectives did their digging and eventually realised that it was actually Stormi whose face had been replaced. However, Khloe didn’t offer an explanation as to why adding more fuel to the mystery. Well, Kim, 41, has our back and has settled the big debate while also sharing the original photo of Stormi who looks her usual adorable self. ‘The original pics were Stormi!’ the Skims boss randomly confirmed in her Instagram stories on Wednesday. ‘However I asked @kyliejenner if I could post them and she said she wasn’t really feeling posting at the moment and so I respect that!’ She then humorously confessed: ‘But it wasn’t going to mess up my IG feed. Chi was wearing pink and it matched perfectly.’ It’s believed that Kylie was taking a break from social media at the time of the Disneyland trip, in the wake of the Astroworld tragedy which saw a huge stampede leaving 10 people dead at her boyfriend Travis Scott’s music festival. Khloe, 37, breathed new life into the Disneyland speculation earlier in April, when she told her followers: ‘This is True’s first time to Disneyland, and we’re going on It’s A Small World.’ It didn’t take long for a Twitter user to question the timeline and connect the dots, writing: ‘The people have questions @KimKardashian @khloekardashian.’ Coming clean, Khloe simply replied: ‘Welllppp I f**ked this one up. Anyways….. let’s focus on something else. Our show airs in a few days.’ Kim also used her confessional as an opportunity to shut down speculation she also Photoshopped boyfriend Pete Davidson’s face in a recent photo from their date night. And now we can all sleep easy! Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rebel Wilson reveals she caused teacher to cry after locking her in cupboard: ‘It was good revenge’ MORE : Stars of Harry Potter And the Cursed Child on ‘terrifying responsibility’ of living up to magic for fans 