Ralf Rangnick has explained why he decided to bench Marcus Rashford for Manchester United’s Premier League clash with Leicester City despite the absence of Cristiano Ronaldo. United started Saturday’s 1-1 draw against Leicester with midfielders Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba in advanced positions as Portugal striker Ronaldo was ruled out through illness. Rangnick adopted similar tactics for last month’s Manchester derby when Ronaldo was injured but his Red Devils team struggled to trouble Leicester in front of a frustrated Old Trafford crowd. While Fred cancelled out Kelechi Iheanacho’s second-half opener to avoid defeat, United lost more ground in the battle for a Champions League spot. Rashford, who was left out of the last England squad, came on as a second-half substitute but failed to make an impact as his poor form continued. Asked about his decision to play Pogba as a false nine against Leicester, Rangnick said: ‘The only one we had was Marcus Rashford. ‘We knew this morning that Cristiano could not play and decided to start Paul Pogba. After 60 minutes we made the change and had a central striker [Rashford] on the pitch. ‘It is no secret that he was not full of confidence in the last couple of weeks. In training he is looking well but it was a question between Paul and Marcus, we went with Paul. ‘It is a difficult time for him. I had to decide between two options and I think I decided for the one that gave us more stability in midfield, which was true until the goal.’ On Manchester United’s performance, Rangnick added: ‘The second half was the better one, we were struggling to find the rhythm in the first half possibly because of the international break. ‘We gave away a goal on a transitional moment but the reaction after was good and scored a goal. In the end we are not happy with the result but the second half was OK.’ Manchester United could lose further ground in the top-four race when fourth-placed Arsenal – already four points above – face Crystal Palace on Monday night. Fifth-placed Tottenham are one point ahead of United ahead of their game in hand against Newcastle United on Sunday. ‘As long as the top four is possible mathematically, it is possible,’ Rangnick said. ‘It is our job and duty to do our best to finish of the best on the best possible note.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 