It’s tricky to find a silver lining amid the cost of living crisis. Most bills are increasing and household budgets are being squeezed tightly. But there are steps you can take to offset some of the costs with a spring clean of your outgoings and fighting back against rising bills. Consider the following a personal finance MOT. First up, energy bills. Lots of us, myself included, have been hit with big direct debit increases. Energy firms forecast your expected usage and split that into a monthly cost to get your monthly direct debit amount. But as many of us are taking steps to reduce our energy consumption, there’s a chance your provider is overestimating your usage, which is a good case to challenge the increase. Speak to your energy supplier to see if you can negotiate a reduction in your direct debit and if you’re struggling with paying your bill ask what support is available. Second, take stock of your broadband, TV and mobile phone outgoings. It’s worth checking if you’re out of contract – an estimated 7.4million people in the UK are – as it could save you money. Which? found out-of-contract customers could make savings of up to £200 by switching packages. Switching could also mean a faster connection. Our analysis has found that fibre broadband, superior to standard broadband, can cost the same – or less. If you’re happy with your provider, you might feel reluctant to switch. That doesn’t mean, though, that you should not try to shave some extra pounds off your bills. Haggling can be daunting if you’ve never tried, but the fact is that providers expect you to do it. In some instances, they invite it. If the idea of a phone call is too intimidating, many providers allow you to email or live chat with them. Third, dig out your insurance paperwork. If your home or car insurance is up for renewal, head straight to a comparison site to see if you can get a better deal. When shopping around remember paying annually for insurance is often cheaper than paying monthly – as monthly payments tend to attract interest. Stripping out any policy extras, such as key cover that you don’t really need, is another good way to lower your premium. Setting a higher excess can also cut the cost – just be sure you set it at a realistic level you could afford to pay should you need to claim. If you find a cheaper quote for your policy, but are happy with your current provider, ask them to match it. Lastly, if you have a mortgage check what interest rate you are on. If the introductory offer you had when you first signed up has expired, you will likely be on the more expensive standard variable rate – which might be getting even more expensive thanks to recent, successive base rate rises. Remortgaging to a cheaper deal could shave thousands of pounds off your monthly outgoings. If you’re renting your home and are planning to renew your lease, see if you can lower the price. One in ten renters we surveyed (out of 2,003) earlier this year tried negotiating when they last renewed their tenancy agreement. A fifth of them managed to reduce their rent by an average of 11% a month, which worked out at £100 on average for our sample. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Five ways to save money on your energy bills this spring MORE : Being stressed about money makes you less productive at work, says study