Dame Judi Dench and Sir Kenneth Branagh have been made Freemen of Stratford Upon Avon – and they’ve already made the most of one of the random privileges that comes with the title. The pair exercised their right to herd sheep along Sheep Street in the town, which comes with the coveted title, and were seen posing with some woolly pals. Dame Judi was seen wearing a cream outfit as she held a sheep on a leash, with a harness around its body. Sir Kenneth also took a sheep on a walk with him in a similar fashion, rocking a sharp three-piece suit for the prestigious occasion. The award-winning actors were visiting the home of the Royal Shakespeare Company, and were pictured laughing with the mayor of Stratford-upon-Avon, Kevin Taylor, after he presented them with the award. The certificate, which grants them honorary freedom of the town, reads: ‘In recognition of eminent services to the world of theatre and to the works of William Shakespeare.’ Dame Judi and Sir Kenneth’s honour was decided during a special council meeting in February, and was awarded for their work bringing Shakespeare’s plays to life. Sir Kenneth had first appeared with the Royal Shakespeare Company in Henry V and later starred in Love’s Labour’s Lost and Hamlet, before The Shakespeare Institute made him an honorary doctor of literature in 2001. He also directed and starred as Shakespeare in the film All Is True alongside Dame Judi and Sir Ian McKellen, while Dame Judi won an Oscar for her performance as Queen Elizabeth I in Shakespeare In Love. She has also been awarded the freedom of York and London, bestowed since the 12th and 13th century to ‘persons of distinction’. Dame Judi and Sir Kenneth also unveiled a restored 18th century statue of William Shakespeare in the town during their visit. The statue was donated to the town in the 18th century and had been taken away to London for lengthy restoration work, costing £45,000. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tinder Swindler Simon Leviev issued arrest warrant by Spanish authorities ‘after using fake ID’ MORE : Johnny Depp called ex Vanessa Paradis a ‘French extortionist c**t’ in email to Elton John, court hears 