Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck are riding on the glow of being newly engaged, and the pair had no qualms in showing it. The couple, who announced they were engaged again almost 20 years after the last time, engaged in a serious PDA session this week. Ben, 49, and Jen, 52, were spotted sharing a steamy kiss outside his home after spending the afternoon looking at properties together. They were seen wrapping their arms around each other in a steamy clinch as they leaned against a car, before Jennifer got into the vehicle. The clinch comes just days after they announced they were once again engaged after getting back together a year ago. Jennifer shared the happy news with her fans via her newsletter after she was photographed with a large green ring on her wedding finger. The singer revealed: ‘Did you ever imagine your biggest dream could come true? Saturday night while at my favourite place on earth (in the bubble bath), my beautiful love got on one knee and proposed. ‘I was taken totally off guard and just looked in his eyes smiling and crying at the same time trying hard to get my head around the fact that after 20 years this was happening all over again, I was quite literally speechless and he said, “is that a yes?” I said YES of course that’s a YES.’ Jennifer added: ‘I was smiling so big and tears were coming down my face, feeling so incredibly happy and whole. ‘It was nothing fancy at all, but it was the most romantic thing I could’ve ever imagined… just a quiet Saturday night at home, two people promising to always be there for each other. ’Two very lucky people. Who got a second chance at true love.’ Ben and Jen had previously got engaged in 2002 but called it off in 2004, before getting back together in 2021. JLo told Rolling Stone in February that heavy criticism ruined their relationship the first time around: ‘It was brutal. It’s one of those things that you bury very deeply so you can move on and get about your business. ‘It’s funny because Ben and I were together, and we were so in love. It was one of the happiest times of my life. ‘But also, there was this other thing happening where we were being criticised, and it really destroyed our relationship from the inside out, because we were just too young to understand at that time what were really the most important things in life.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck eye up $165,000,000 mansion as they announce engagement MORE : Jennifer Lopez reveals details of Ben Affleck’s romantic proposal during bubble bath: ‘We got a second chance at true love’ 