A massive blaze has broken out at a sausage factory, sending plumes of dense orange smoke high above a town in Essex. Dozens of firefighters responded to the incident after the fire broke out at around 5.20am at the industrial site in Harlow, where night workers were doing their shifts. By 7.17am, there were 10 fire engines at the scene, with crews from Essex, Hertfordshire and London in attendance. Those living nearby have been urged to avoid the area, with smoke seen for miles. Dorottya Spanyik said her husband had been working at Riverway Food when the fire alarms sounded. ‘The fire was massive… you could see and feel the smoke all around Harlow,’ Ms Spanyik said. ‘My husband works there, he was there when the fire started before 6am. ‘I’m not sure who alerted the fire brigade, because the whole night shift was still there when the fire alarms went off.’ Ms Spanyik said her husband has not been told when he will be able to return to work and is safe but ‘stressed’. ‘They have no idea (when he will return), the fire was really big and even when he left the firefighters were still working to stop the fire,’ she added. ‘He is home now and luckily no personal injury, but he is very stressed.’ No injuries have yet been reported relating to the fire. Essex Fire and Rescue Service has warned there could be travel disruption as the road is partially blocked to traffic. Essex County Fire and Rescue service tweeted: ‘The fire in #Harlow is under control and, thanks to the hard work of crews, has been contained to one building. ‘People nearby are still asked to keep their windows shut and avoid the area. @EssexPoliceUK are helping with road closures nearby.’ They said that when crews arrived on scene the building was 95% alight and completely clogged with smoke. Access to the building was ‘extremely limited’ and crews were working ‘in difficult conditions to tackle the fire as quickly as possible’. Group Manager Scott Meekings said: ‘Our crews have done an amazing job to contain the fire to the affected site which is a food manufacturing building and stop it from spreading to neighbouring properties. ‘We have sectioned the fire into four areas and have control of it. We’d like to thank those who live and work nearby for their patience and support – we expect that the road and access will be closed for most of the day, so please do avoid the area and if you’re nearby, keep your windows closed if they are nearby.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.