Avril Lavigne has been spotted wearing an absolute rock of a diamond ring on her finger. The Complicated singer, 37, has returned to the spotlight with a bang in recent months as she announced a new album and tour. After a few years keeping a relatively low profile, the Canadian-born chart-topper is getting set to travel the world again with her Love Sux tour. Accompanying her on the tour is boyfriend Mod Sun, aka Derek Ryan Smith, a fellow musician and music producer. The couple became close and eventually fell in love while working on Avril’s new album Love Sux – which, yeah, is kind of ironic — but were friends for years beforehand. Now Avril has been spotted displaying the gorgeous rock on her ring finger, prompting fans to speculate that Mod and Avril may have taken the next step in their relationship. However, nothing has been confirmed by Avril, Mod or their reps, meaning fans of the Sk8er Boi legend will have to rely on the rumour mill for now. The pop-punk princess displayed the stunning ring as she arrived at a studio in Los Angeles on Tuesday. Dressed in a gloriously gothy all-black outfit, including leather trousers and Doc Marten boots despite the LA sun, Avril wore her platinum-blonde locks in loose curls reaching past her shoulders. She also matched the cool orange streaks in her hair with punky orange nail varnish, and wore dark glasses to shield her eyes against the sun. Her most recent appearance comes days after she graced the red carpet at the Grammy Awards without a ring on, where she and Mod shared a kiss for cameras. Avril and Mod have been together since 2021, and Avril admitted she tried to ‘resist’ falling for him at first. However the pair fell hard, having since been spotted holding hands, kissing and going on multiple dates. Avril has also featured on Mod’s song Flames, and he has had her name tattooed on his neck. Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Avril and Mod for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Avril Lavigne wants Kristen Stewart to play her in a movie and it’s an excellent casting choice MORE : Welcome back, Avril Lavigne – one of  the underrated greats 