England legend Kevin Pietersen has named his three favourites to win the Indian Premier League, insisting current leaders Gujarat Titans will be ‘difficult to stop’. Gujarat, who were one of two new franchises to join the IPL this year along with Lucknow Super Giants, have made a brilliant start to the 2022 edition, winning seven of their eight games to climb to the top of the table. Lucknow and Rajasthan Royals are joint-second, two points behind the leaders, while Sunrisers Hyderabad and Royal Challengers Bangalore are currently in contention for the play-offs. Delhi Capitals, Punjab Kings and Kolkata Knight Riders have all lost more games than they have won, while Chennai Super Kings and Mumbai Indians have endured dismal starts to the season. Defending champions Chennai have amassed just four points out of a possible 16,  while five-time winners Mumbai are yet to secure a win from eight games and are threatening to set a number of unwanted records. ‘At the moment, it looks like Gujarat Titans are going to be difficult to stop in the Indian Premier League,’ Pietersen told Betway. ‘They are consistently finding ways to win, whether from a good, middling or bad position in games. When you have that winning mentality, it becomes very difficult to break. ‘I didn’t see them being at the top of the table when I first saw their squad, but they are on a roll. ‘It reminds me of Rajasthan Royals when they won the title under Shane Warne in 2008 – they weren’t the best side on paper but everybody knew what they were doing and they had a great mentality. ‘When you’re winning like that, the energy in the dressing room is so positive. Nobody talks about defeats, everybody has a smile on their face, and everybody is thinking positively. That then allows you to go out and express yourself and play even better. ‘They’re not inhibited. They’re just doing what feels right instinctively. Look at Rashid Khan when he got them over the line against Sunrisers Hyderabad the other night. He just had this positive attitude and was able to pull it off. ‘Rajasthan Royals are going really well, too, while I expect Delhi Capitals, with all of their experience, to make a good push for the top four. Those three teams are my favourites to win the competition.’ Winning three of their first four games, Kolkata Knight Riders emerged as one of the early pacesetters in the IPL but Brendon McCullum’s side have since lost five games in a row. Pietersen added: ‘I know that Mumbai Indians are having a shocker, but KKR are also in a dreadful way. ‘They’ve used 19 players so far, which is far too many. For a franchise as big as them, it’s just a horrible state of affairs. ‘That is a dressing room full of the opposite energy to Gujarat: negative, negative, negative. ‘Last year, that run to the final was defined by out-of-the-box thinking. They had their analyst, Nathan Leamon, front and centre, sending signals out to the middle, and they seemed really innovative. ‘Now it seems like the whole thing has run out of momentum. Along with Mumbai, they are my disappointments of the competition so far.’ The Indian Premier League continues on Saturday with Gujarat Titans facing Royal Challengers Bangalore and Rajasthan Royals playing Mumbai Indians. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 