The Weeknd made a joking return to social media after reports of his Coachella pay cheque emerged. The Save Your Tears singer, real name Abel Tesfaye, was announced to headline the festival next week alongside Swedish House Mafia, after Kanye West pulled out of the line-up with just days to go. It was later claimed that the musician threatened to back out of the gig unless his salary matched Ye’s, who was reportedly set to be paid more than $8million (£6m). Not a shabby pay day… Taking to Twitter, he ignored the speculation, simply penning: ‘Been off for a bit. What I miss?’ Quite a lot actually, hun. According to Page Six, the Blinding Lights star said that he wouldn’t be taking to the stage unless he was ‘paid the same money’ as Ye. He reportedly managed to negotiate a deal with the Coachella bosses when they ‘agreed to pay’ him the same salary. ‘Finally, on Wednesday – faced with the prospect of a second headline act pulling out of Coachella at the last minute – Anschutz’s company caved and agreed to pay The Weeknd the same money,’ a source told the publication. Paul Tollett, CEO of Coachella promoter Goldenvoice, confirmed the change to the line-up. ‘I’m so looking forward to this moment with Swedish House Mafia and The Weeknd finishing out the Sunday night slot this year,’ he said. ‘Coachella has a special relationship with Abel and I’m so thankful to have this upcoming performance with these iconic artists all on the same stage.’ Kanye was due to perform across both weekends of the California festival, taking to the stage at the Empire Polo Ground, on April 17 and April 24 – before he pulled out due to unknown reasons. It is unclear why the dad-of-four pulled the plug on his appearance, but a source claimed to Variety that he had not rehearsed or prepared ahead of the gig. Harry Styles, Megan Thee Stallion, Billie Eilish, Doja Cat, Swedish House Mafia and Carly Rae Jepson are among the other names on the star-studded line-up, with the festival kicking off on April 15. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jane Seymour ‘fed up’ of hearing whether James Bond should be a woman MORE : Denise Welch’s stalker jailed for seven years after starting fire in her driveway 