People in the UK could face more travel chaos and bursts of ‘polar air’ as wintry conditions continue. A yellow weather warning for wind is in place until this evening for parts of England. Gusts of up to 50mph are expected in central and southern parts of the country, including London. As a result, the Met Office has warned of potential delays for people travelling on the road or by rail. Lorry drivers have been advised to take care on exposed routes and on bridges. The Met Office tweeted: ‘Take care if you are out and about tonight. ‘Strong winds could cause some problems in places.’ London today will be ‘very breezy with strong gusts’ of wind, added forecasters. The chilly wind will cause temperatures to feel as cold as -8°C in Scotland and -4°C in Wales, Newcastle and Birmingham. Meanwhile a separate yellow weather warning for ice has been issued for the Highlands, Western Isles and Grampian region of Scotland until tomorrow morning. Forecasters say wintry showers and low temperatures could lead to icy patches on the roads. It comes after heavy snowfall caused a lorry to jackknife on the A9 this morning. Police were also forced to close the A939 between Cock Bridge and Tomintoul due to poor driving conditions. Yesterday, gusts of winds reached speeds of 60mph in a few exposed spots of the UK. But while April feels more like winter than spring – forecasters say it is unlikely the month will be the coldest on record. A Met Office spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘A low pressure system tracking east across the north of the UK is bringing cold air down from the north, leading to wintry conditions in the north of Scotland overnight and some quite high winds in the south of England today. ‘Because of the moderate risk of some impacts on travel and services yellow severe weather warnings have been issued for these areas. ‘Temperatures are actually slightly above average for April in many parts of southern England today, but the winds are making things feel much colder. ‘Overnight temperatures are somewhat below average for the time of year though, and most places will see below average temperatures on Friday.’ Spring has been off to an unpredictable start for most. But despite the storms, hail and even snow, the UK recorded its sunniest March on record since 1929. There was an average of 166.1 hours of sunshine last month. Dr Mark McCarthy of the National Climate Information Centre said: ‘We’ve seen the warmest weather of the year so far with 20.8°C recorded in London on March 23, but we also saw a low of -9.1°C at Aboyne at the start of the month, highlighting the variability of March in the UK.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.