Ukrainian soldiers have been pictured walking through Chernobyl for the first time since it was recaptured from Russia. The power plant – the site of the world’s worst nuclear disaster – and the northern Pripyat region were taken over by Putin’s forces within days of the invasion in February. But after losing thousands of soldiers during weeks of intense fighting, Moscow ordered a retreat to the east, prompting the liberation of regions across Ukraine. Pictures from inside Chernobyl’s infamous Exclusion Zone now show a scene a devastation, with bombed bridges and abandoned tanks in the eerie wasteland. New drone footage also appears to confirm reports that Russians foolishly dug trenches in the Red Forest next to the decommissioned plant. The forest received some of the highest radiation doses when the reactor exploded in 1986, and it is still highly radioactive 36 years later. Dozens of Russians soldiers reportedly fell ill with ‘acute radiation sickness’ after digging into the contaminated soil.  An employee at the Ukrainian state agency overseeing the Exclusion Zone said ‘irradiated’ Russians were taken away by the bus load to a clinic in neighbouring Belarus for treatment. Reacting with glee at the time, Chernobyl tour guide Yaroslav Yemelianenko tweeted: ‘Another batch of Russian irradiated terrorists who seized the Chernobyl zone was brought to the Belarusian Radiation Medicine Center in Gomel today. ‘Have you dug trenches in the Red Forest, b*****s? Now live with it for the rest of your short life.’ The Russian troops ‘panicked at the first sign of illness,’ which ‘showed up very quickly,’ and began to prepare to leave, energy operator Energoatom said. Ukraine spent weeks expressing safety concerns about Chernobyl and demanded the withdrawal of Russian troops, whose presence prevented the rotation of the plant’s workers. The plant’s Ukrainian staff have continued to oversee the safe storage of spent nuclear fuel and supervise the concrete-encased remains of the exploded reactor.