Rihanna has been spotted out-and-about in Los Angeles showcasing her blossoming baby bump, and she looks nothing short of incredible. The Umbrella hitmaker, 34, is just weeks away from welcoming her first child with partner A$AP Rocky, and, she continues to show off her stunning maternity looks. On Friday, the star headed out for dinner, and opted for a satin blouse, which she wore open in order to showcase her blossoming bump that was on full display. She paired the shirt with some tiny gingham shorts, and a pair of glittering flat trainers. The successful businesswoman styled her hair in a low messy bun, and wore a full-face of makeup to highlight her natural beauty. She also clutched a pair of oversized sunglasses in her hand, and wore a diamond encrusted chain and earring set. The Barbados-born beauty finished off her look with a small silver Balenciaga hourglass mini-bag. Meanwhile, Rihanna has paid tribute to her mother in a sweet birthday post. The singer shared an adorable throwback photo of herself as child with her mother Monica Braithwaite in church, both wearing white dresses and matching headwear. Describing her mum as a ‘Queen’ and ‘the true MVP’ (that’s most valuable player, of course), Rihanna wrote in a gorgeous Instagram post: ‘Today is my Queen’s birthday!!! ‘Being on the verge of motherhood, unlocked new levels of love and respect I have for my mommy in a way that I could never explain! ‘She’s the true MVP and I wanna give her her flowers every second I can! Love you mumzzzz!!! Happy Birthday! We gon celebrate on da link up!’ Earlier this week, it was revealed that Rihanna had joined the Forbes billionaire’s list for the first time with a massive $1.7billion (£1.4billion) thanks to the success of her cosmetic brand Fenty Beauty. The company, which she co-owns with French luxury retailer LVMH, generated more than $550m (£420m) in revenue in 2020, Forbes said. The singer also owns a 30% stake in the Savage x Fenty lingerie line, which raised money at a $1billion (£765m) valuation in February 2021. MORE : Kim Kardashian reveals eldest kids ‘know what’s going on’ amid bitter Kanye West divorce MORE : Kim Kardashian vows Kanye West will ‘always be family’ following bitter split 