Two of Charles Darwins’ notepads worth millions of pounds have been anonymously returned to a library in Cambridge, after going missing for more than two decades. The long-lost documents, thought to have been stolen in 2000, were left for officials to discover in good condition in a bright pink bag. The notepads, which were used in 1837 and include the naturalist’s ‘tree of life sketch’, were returned with their archive box and a plain brown envelope addressed to Cambridge University’s librarian. They included a printed message, which read: ‘Librarian… Happy Easter… X’. But now University officials have handed over the packaging and CCTV footage to the police after a probe involving Interpol was launched more than a year ago. The two books finally reappeared wrapped together in cling film on March 9, when they were found outside head librarian Dr Jessica Gardner’s office, at around 9.30am. Dr Gardner, who emotionally appealed in November 2020 for help in tracing the books, confirmed that staff were working closely with police to solve the case – despite getting the books back. She explained: ‘It really is a mystery. It just adds to the story – we don’t know who did it or how. ‘I didn’t expect the notebooks would be back in my lifetime. ‘I do this job because I care deeply about preserving these objects for the world. They don’t get much more important than these books from Charles Darwin.’ Darwin is credited with coming up with the theory of evolution and is seen as a huge figure in scientific and natural history. ‘They may be tiny, just the size of postcards, but the notebooks’ impact on the history of science, and their importance to our world-class collections, cannot be overstated’, Dr Gardner added. The return comes 15 months after she launched a worldwide appeal for information, in partnership with Cambridgeshire Police and Interpol, which attracted significant attention. She added: ‘I think without the appeal the books wouldn’t have been returned. ‘The trail had gone cold but something has stirred someone into action. ‘My sense of relief at the notebooks’ safe return is profound and almost impossible to adequately express. Along with so many others, all across the world, I was heartbroken to learn of their loss and my joy at their return is immense.’ The police investigation is ongoing and anyone with information is being asked to call 101 and quote reference 35/71468/20. A Cambridgeshire Police spokesman said: ‘We share the university’s delight that these priceless notebooks are now back where they belong. Our investigation remains open and we are following up some lines of inquiry.’ Cambridge University Libraries will be putting the notebooks on display this summer, as part of the upcoming exhibition Darwin In Conversation, which opens on July 9. Professor Stephen Toope, Vice-Chancellor at the University, said: ‘Objects such as these are crucial for our understanding of not only the history of science but the history of humankind. ‘I’m delighted that the notebooks will be going on public display this summer, giving visitors a once-in-a-lifetime chance to come face-to-face with Darwin’s Tree of Life sketch.’ In November last year, librarians in Scotland were stunned to discover a book returned 73 years late after an amnesty on fines. The Guinness World record for the most overdue library book is held by one returned to Sidney Sussex College, also at Cambridge University, that was borrowed in 1668 and given back 288 years later. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Book returned to library 50 years overdue with £20 and apology note