A fuming Cornwall tourist has called a parking fine he received on holiday ‘legalised robbery’. Gareth Jones claimed to have had ‘the most expensive cream tea ever enjoyed’ after being slammed with a £100 fee when the parking machine ‘rejected his coins’. But Initial Parking bosses have insisted he could have paid on his phone – as ‘stated by very large signs’. Retired lawyer Gareth, from Colwinston in Wales, said he tried to pay cash for the Rock Pool Car Park in Mousehole in March. Assuming it was broken when it wouldn’t accept his money, he checked to see if there was a card machine but couldn’t find one. He went to grab his cream tea before leaving the area ‘within 37 minutes of arrival’, but was horrified to later receive a £100 fine in the post. He has contested the fee, but the management company has insisted it still remains valid. Slamming the ‘heavy-handed approach’, he said he had ‘no intention of not paying’ – but has resigned himself to coughing up the money early to get the fine lowered. ‘As a tourist visiting Cornwall and spending money with local business I feel that other people should be warned about this,’ Gareth said. ‘I’ve lost the will to live with this now and I’m obviously going to have to pay the £60 fine. ‘But I think its an absolute scandal that the privately owned car park can get away with this. I call it legalised robbery. ‘My disappointment simply is that there wasn’t a card machine there to pay and the machine we put our coins in spewed our money out. ‘The other thing that annoyed me is that the owners can afford to put cameras there to monitor you going in and out but not a card machine to pay. We had no intention of not paying the charge for the hour which was only £1.20.’ Gareth had successfully used parking machines in Penzance, St Ives, Land’s End, Marazion and Falmouth on his trip – but claimed the fine shows ‘common sense and proportionality seem to not apply in Cornwall’. A letter from Initial Parking responding to his appeal said: ‘The parking system on site is camera controlled and notes your entry and exit times. ‘As stated on our, very large, BPA-approved signs, you can pay for parking time via pay and display machine, via phone or via app.’ The company added it remains drivers’ responsibility to ensure that sufficient parking time is paid. ‘To assist you with payment there is a very large sign next to machines detailing how to pay. It is down to you as the motorist to make payment for your appropriate parking time – i.e. time you have been on site’, they said. ‘Therefore, as no parking time was paid, the charge remains valid and payment is due.’ Initial Parking has been contacted for further comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.