Tyson Fury says Daniel Kinahan’s alleged criminal empire is ‘none of my business’ having previously praised his former advisor for playing a key role in his career. ‘The Gypsy King’ is set to defend his WBC heavyweight title against Dillian Whyte at Wembley Stadium on Saturday. But the build-up to that fight has been overshadowed by the US Treasury’s decision to announce sanctions against Kinahan and several associates for involvement in criminal enterprise including drug trafficking and money laundering. Dubai-based Kinahan, who has no criminal convictions, also has a $5million bounty on his head with authorities seeking information leading to the ‘financial destruction’ of the gang and the arrest of its leaders in an unprecedented joint effort from American, Irish and British agencies. Last summer, Fury singled out Kinahan for special praise for his role in organising the proposed unification showdown against Anthony Joshua that ultimately fell through. Fury gave a ‘big shout out to Dan’ who ‘literally got this done’ and ‘over the line’ in a video shared last July. Fury has refused to discuss latest developments with Kinahan however, telling Ring Magazine: ‘It’s none of my business, and I don’t get involved in other people’s business.’ Fury’s co-promoter Frank Warren meanwhile has insisted that Kinahan has had ‘no involvement’ in the Whyte fight. The Irish Mirror claimed last week that Top Rank, Fury’s US promoter led by Bob Arum, had paid fees of $1.5millon to $2million to Kinahan for each of Fury’s last four fights, something Fury was unaware of, according to Warren. ‘We knew nothing. I certainly knew nothing and I know Tyson knew nothing about the payments made by Top Rank to the company in the Middle East,’ Warren told BBC Sport. ‘Tyson was unaware. He’ll speak for himself but I know for a fact he was totally unaware of those payments. ‘That’s their business. It’s nothing to do with us. Certainly nothing to do with me and, as I say, Tyson was unaware of it.’ The WBC meanwhile have distanced themselves from Kinahan after the governing body’s president Mauricio Sulaiman was pictured alongside Kinahan at a boxing event in Dubai last month. In a statement released this week, Sulaiman insisted he had made an ‘innocent mistake’ in meeting Kinahan and insisted ‘at no time have we [the WBC] had any relationship with Daniel Kinahan.’ There have been no allegations of wrongdoing against any boxers who have worked with or been associated with Kinahan. MORE : US DEA offering $5m for information on the Irish Kinahan crime gang MORE : Eddie Hearn mocks Frank Warren over Tyson Fury vs Dillian Whyte undercard: ‘You buy a Rolls Royce and you can’t afford to put the petrol in’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 