Pete Davidson could not help addressing his relationship with Kanye West as the returned to the stage for his first stand-up gig in three years. The Saturday Night Live star, 28, performed at the sold-out first night of Netflix Is A Joke: The Festival at the Hollywood Bowl on Friday, where he referenced the beef between him and girlfriend Kim Kardashian’s ex, Kanye, 44. According to Entertainment Tonight, the comedian opened his set with jokes about Kanye claiming Pete has AIDS, and Pete believing that it was true because Kanye ‘is a genius’. He also joked that being humiliated is weird when you can’t do anything about it, such as when Kanye included a disembodied claymation head in one of his music videos, made out to look like Pete. Pete is also said to have joked about going to a basketball game with Jon Stewart and Chris Rock, in the ‘before time’, before he became a target for Kanye’s barbs and Chris was slapped by Will Smith at the Oscars, joking it happened ‘before life was over’. The King Of Staten Island star has been on the receiving end of Kanye’s wrath since starting to date Kim, 41, after she filed for divorce from the rapper. Pete also addressed his friend Jack Harlow collaborating with Kanye on a track, saying he’s not upset about it despite their friendship, but added that if his King Of Staten Island co-star Bill Burr was seen at one of Kanye’s Sunday Services, it would be a very different story. The comic has most recently been working on several film roles after finding fame on SNL, and has not performed a stand-up gig in three years. Kanye, meanwhile, has been keeping a low profile since the public digs, with a source telling Page Six: ‘For the sake of the kids, Kanye has told Kim he’s not making any public appearances or inflammatory social media statements, and he will go away somewhere to get better.’ Another insider told ET: ‘Kanye has been laying low and focusing on healing. He is trying to disconnect from all the drama that happened between him and Kim. ‘He is focused on taking care of himself, getting healthier, and removing himself from all the craziness. He cares deeply about his family and kids. They are his number one priority and he’s working on himself.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian ‘cleared of defamation in Blac Chyna trial’ over E! series axe MORE : Kim Kardashian cuddles up to boyfriend Pete Davidson during cosy date night at Mark Twain Prize 2022 