Khloe Kardashian has hit back at bizarre criticism that she holds her daughter True too much. The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star, 37, has hit back at trolls who’ve criticised the fact that even through baby True turns four next week, she still carries her around ‘like a baby. ‘ Taking to Twitter, the mother-of-one wrote: ‘For the people who comment that I hold True too much… number 1 I’m gonna hold my baby until I can’t hold her anymore. ‘Number 2 when there’s tons of cameras around, flashing lights, peps yelling things…I want my baby to feel safe. Worry about your own children. We good over here.’ Khloe appeared to be addressing the reason she held baby True in her arms while on the red carpet on Thursday, April 7, at the Hollywood premiere of The Kardashians on Hulu. The protective mother said how she doesn’t want her daughter to be called ‘big’ for her age, as she thinks it’s a damaging term. Khloe reportedly wanted to give True a sibling, however, after the breakdown of her on-off relationship with Tristan, their multiple attempts at IVF were ultimately unsuccessful. Tristan later admitted fathering a child with personal trainer Maralee Nichols, and the couple’s son was born in December 2021. Speaking on the Ellen DeGeneres show in 2021, Khloe said: ‘My plan was to have kids closer in age.’ She continued: ‘But now with COVID and everything, my plan’s been a little delayed. I definitely do want more kids. ‘I have so many brothers and sisters. I think it’s such a blessing … to have a family member or people that you can play with and rely on and just have a buddy through life.’ Meanwhile, Khloe has defended her ex-boyfriend, calling him a ‘great guy’. The reality star was speaking as part of an ABC News special with Good Morning America, where her mother, Kris Jenner, gushed over Kim Kardashian’s new boyfriend, Saturday Night Live comedian Pete Davidson. She said: ‘I remember when he cheated on me right before I gave birth, and I was able to still have him in the delivery room. ‘And so yes, it might have looked strange to the outside world, but when my daughter watches my home videos of it, those videos are going to be as pure and perfect as I was able to make them. I still think he’s a great guy and he’s a great dad, he’s just not the guy for me.’ MORE : Kim Kardashian stuns in curve-clinging silver gown as she holds hands with boyfriend Pete Davidson at premiere of The Kardashians series MORE : Khloé Kardashian brands ex Tristan Thompson a ‘great guy’ while Kris Jenner gushes over Pete Davidson 