Harry Styles has responded to Liam Payne’s mad trans-Atlantic accent from his viral Oscars interview. In what would have been the most talked-about moment from the awards had it not been for that shocker (you know the one), former One Direction star Liam did what first appeared to be a fairly normal interview on the red carpet. However, the Wolverhampton lad didn’t exactly sound like himself, with confused fans commenting he sounded Dutch, Irish, Welsh, South African and everything in between. Fans flocked to his defence, arguing he had been on the road since a young teenager and had spent a lot of time in the US, where he lived with then-partner Cheryl and their son, Bear. Now fellow One Direction bandmate Harry has appeared to agree with this defence after he was asked in an interview what he made of Liam’s accent Speaking on Capital FM on Friday, the 28-year-old, who is currently in America to promote his new single and album, was asked about the ‘pretty wild accent’ Liam did. ‘Have you started to get a trans-Atlantic accent from America?’ he was asked. To which a grinning Harry replied: ‘I don’t think in the time I just got here, because I only got in yesterday…  in the space I’ve been here this trip I think I’ve survived.’ He added: ‘I think [my accent] is a bit all over the place because I’m from up North and I lived in London for 10 years. And I spent a lot of time in America and stuff. ‘When I’m with Americans I don’t think they think I sound American at all. And then I think when I’m with English people they expect me to sound American,’ he laughed. The Watermelon Sugar star added: ‘I don’t think I do [have an American accent] but maybe I’ve picked up a couple of bits…but I try and translate with whoever I’m with.’ Harry isn’t the only one to defend Liam’s new accent, with Scottish-American actor John Barrowman, who also jumps between accents depending on who he is with, saying he didn’t understand the issue. Why does it matters how a person speaks (sic),’ John tweeted earlier this week. He is who he is,’ he added. Liam himself doesn’t seem too bothered about the whole affair as he has definitively ignored the reaction. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Liam Payne doesn’t seem to care about the argument over his new accent MORE : Liam Payne’s ‘American/Dutch’ twang defended by fellow accent juggler John Barrowman: ‘Why does it matter?’ 