Brits face a further squeeze on their household incomes after the rate of inflation rose to another 30-year high. Prices increased by 7% in the 12 months to March, up from the previous 30-year record of 6.2% in February. It adds to the cost of living crisis that has seen bills and taxes go up by unprecedented amounts – leading to the biggest fall in living standards in 70 years. The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said inflation is now at its highest point since March 1992, when the figure stood at 7.1%. The rise was higher than the 6.7% that analysts had expected and was driven by fuel, restaurant and food prices. But the spike does not even take into account the average 54% increase in energy bills that was applied to around 22 million households two weeks ago. This will not appear in figures until next month, when April’s data is expected to show another jump in inflation and demonstrate the increased squeeze on ordinary people. Grant Fitzner, chief economist for the ONS, said: ‘Broad-based price rises saw annual inflation increase sharply again in March. ‘Amongst the largest increases were petrol costs, with prices mostly collected before the recent cut in fuel duty, and furniture. ‘Restaurants and hotel prices also rose steeply in March while, after falling a year ago, there were rises across a number of different types of food. ‘The price of goods leaving UK factories has continued to rise substantially with metal and transport products both at record highs and food reaching its highest rate for over a decade. Raw material costs also rose, with a notable increase in the price of crude oil.’ Petrol, at 160.2p per litre on average in March, and diesel, at 170.5p, were both at record high prices. The price of clothes and shoes rose by 9.7% in the year to March, furniture, household equipment and maintenance jumped 10.4% while food and non-alcoholic beverages were up 5.9%. Jack Leslie, senior economist at the Resolution Foundation think tank, said: ‘With ONS data yesterday showing that wages are not keeping pace with rising prices, Britain’s cost-of-living crisis – on track to be the biggest squeeze since the mid-70s – will continue to worsen before it starts to ease at some point next year.’ The Bank of England has predicted that inflation could peak at around 8% in April. Alpesh Paleja, lead economist at the Confederation of British Industry, also warned of further inflation rises to come. ‘Volatility in global commodity prices and ongoing supply chain disruption will continue to stoke price pressures,’ he said. ‘The result will be even higher costs for businesses, and a deep squeeze in the cost-of-living for households.’ He called for efforts to make homes and workplaces more energy efficient as a way to keep bills down, something that experts warned was missing from the government’s energy strategy last week. Liberal Democrats leader Ed Davey said: ‘Pensioners and hard pressed families need urgent help with their energy bill and unfair tax hikes to be immediately reversed. ‘It is now or never to save Britain from this cost-of-living crisis, and it is clear this government is not up to the job.’ Chancellor Rishi Sunak, who has come under fire this month over his family’s tax affairs and the partygate scandal, had already faced a backlash for not doing enough to help with the cost of living crisis. He said: ‘We’re seeing rising costs caused by global pressures in our supply chains and energy markets which could be exacerbated further by Russian aggression in Ukraine. ‘I know this is a worrying time for many families, which is why we are taking action to ease the burdens by providing support worth around £22 billion in this financial year, including for the most vulnerable through our Household Support fund. ‘We’re also helping as many people as possible into work – the best way for families to gain economic security in the longer term.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.