Peering through the glass windows of the unassuming black-fronted building at 8606 Sunset Blvd, West Hollywood, LA, it’s hard to believe I’m outside the office of The Oppenheim Group, the real estate business propelled into the stratosphere during the first lockdown thanks to Netflix reality show Selling Sunset. Millions were hooked on the everyday tales and travails of the impossibly cantilevered women and their oddly short twin bosses. And not just them but the insanely expensive (one was on sale for $75million) properties they were peddling. Affording a glimpse into how the 0.0001% live, viewers were regaled with on-screen tours of houses — although some looked more like soulless shopping malls — with multiple bedrooms, pools, parking space for dozens of cars and screening rooms. Many were located way above the office in the Hollywood Hills but I’m staying firmly in West Hollywood (nicknamed WeHo) to discover where Mary, Christine, Chrishell, Amanza and, yes, even Jason and Brett hang out after hours. WeHo encompasses the Sunset Strip, a 1.5-mile stretch of Sunset Boulevard that has been famous since the 1930s thanks to its hotels, bars and nightclubs. It’s here you’ll find movie-star hangout the Chateau Marmont, legendary music venues the Whisky A Go-Go and The Viper Room, and The Comedy Store. And, of course, the Oppenheim Group, which sits close to neon-lit diner Mel’s Drive-In. It’s not hard to picture the ultimate Barbie Queen, Christine Quinn, perched at the counter sipping on a frothy pastel-pink milkshake but I fear her tastes, unlike mine, are more upmarket. Juniper, the pup-friendly lobby lounge of hot new hotel One West Hollywood, is where the cast has been rumoured to gather for oat-milk lattes or something stronger. Decked out in blond wood, covered with plants and with a hip dream-catcher suspended between its two buildings, it’s a place to see and be seen (rooms from £412pn). Meanwhile, Mary and friends favour chic European restaurant Olivetta, further down on Melrose Avenue, which has appeared on the show. However, I opt for a picante on the sprawling terrace of cast favourite The Henry, with its blue-and-white striped awnings. The vast green-and-gilt bar is perfect for Instagram. Afterwards, I stroll along Santa Monica Boulevard, which is lined with buzzy cafés, vegan gelaterias, gay bars and cigar lounges. Later, I have a WeHo evening of two contrasts: first, a cocktail at the sophisticated, walnut-panelled Tower Bar at the 1930s art deco Sunset Tower Hotel. This is followed by a drinking session at Saddle Ranch, a saloon where the walls are decorated with cowboy hats, there’s a mechanical bull and cocktails are made with pink candy floss. I can see the Selling Sunset gang having just as good a time at both. Watch Selling Sunset Series 5 on Netflix. Virgin Atlantic flies from London to LA from £646 return. For more info visit visitwesthollywood.com. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Win a luxury five-star holiday for two to the island of Madeira MORE : Why the Maldives is the ultimate bucket list destination (and not just for couples) MORE : Selling Sunset season 5: Christine Quinn exposes ‘fake storylines’ after unveiling new business