Eamonn Holmes has sparked intense fury after making controversial remarks about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on GB News, calling for them to be ‘thrown over the balcony’. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex recently paid a visit to Queen Elizabeth II in the UK while en route to The Hague in The Netherlands for the Invictus Games, with Harry saying the monarch was on ‘great form’. Eamonn took umbrage over Harry’s comment in an interview with NBC’s Today Show that he wanted to make sure his grandmother was ‘protected’ and has ‘the right people around her’. Following reports that the Duke is working on a book in which he’ll open up about several of his relatives in the royal family, the former This Morning presenter said: ‘He’s bringing a book out where he’s slagging off Camilla and maybe William and his father. How on earth… why wouldn’t they just throw him over the balcony and her with him?’ The 62-year-old has received heavy backlash over his comment, with people describing it as ‘vile’ and calling him out for ‘inciting violence, hate’ and ‘murder’. Omid Scobie, who co-wrote the book Finding Freedom: Harry and Meghan and the Making of A Modern Royal Family, tweeted: ‘Everyone is entitled to an opinion, especially on an interview made for public consumption. But you know what isn’t acceptable? Vile “commentary” that only serves to incite violence and hate.’ In response to the clip of Eamonn on GB News, author, activist and lawyer Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu said: ‘Murder the Queen’s grandson? Throwing Prince Harry and Meghan over the Royal Balcony is NOT an opinion. It’s declared intent to incite MURDER against #HarryandMeghan.’ She continued, writing: ‘Prosecute Eamonn Holmes – Freedom of speech is NOT freedom from consequences. Like Piers Morgan it’s intentional.’ One person on Twitter tagged the profile for the Met Police, saying they wanted to ‘report a crime’. ‘A hate crime & encouraging violence against Harry & Meghan. Please contact @EamonnHolmes immediately. What a vile man,’ they said. Someone else pointed out that Eamonn’s remarks were ‘dangerous’, saying that: ‘There are unhinged people watching this, and it only takes one person to harm Harry and Meghan’. Tagging the account for media watchdog Ofcom, they added: ‘You can’t turn a blind eye to such dangerous language coming from Eamonn Holmes.’ Another person who dubbed the comments ‘vile and ‘disgusting’ pointed out that ‘they scream Harry needs to go the UK, then they scream when he is going to show up’, as they stated that Eamonn ‘needs to apologise’. Someone else wrote: ‘We now have supposedly respected British journalists (well, Eamonn Holmes) actually saying on TV that Harry should be thrown off the balcony, and Meghan too. (Search it, it’s online). The press here are frothing at the mouth deranged.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Eamonn Holmes’ representatives and GB News for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Good Morning Britain’s Kate Garraway baffled by Prince Harry’s remarks about making sure Queen is ‘protected’: ‘What does he mean?’ MORE : Piers Morgan storms out of ITV again after clashing with Lorraine Kelly over GMB exit 