In a high street first, No7 is launching a new skin device this week that’s said to be dermatologist-grade. The high-spec device, called the Pro Derm Scan, will be free to use for shoppers at counters across the UK. No7 calls it ‘a game-changing new diagnostic service which will give customers the ultimate in personalised, accessible skincare and cosmetic recommendations’. Analysing both condition and tone, it will help users understand their skin better – and inform their product choices, as a result. The launch follows research conducted by No7 on 2,000 women, which found that 75% only use a third of their skincare and makeup, while 86% have bought a skincare product to find it doesn’t suit them. The new technology has been in the works for six years and was recently tested on 6,000 women to ensure its accuracy. Skin is magnified at 30 times and images are captured for analysis – with fine lines, wrinkles, pores, oil balance and hydration taken into account. The device is so fine-tuned that it can detect subtle changes to the skin and features smaller than 0.02mm (which is five times smaller than a human hair) – before they become apparent to the naked eye. Impressively, 20 million skin areas are analysed per scan. Kirandeep Sandhu, No7 global skincare innovation manager, says: ‘No7’s Pro Derm Scan service is a game-changer, bringing skin analysis technology with a human touch to the high street. ‘Through a personalised consultation with our No7 Beauty Advisors, consumers will be able to see their skin like never before, understand how their skin is performing, and receive expert advice on the right skincare and cosmetics products and regimes for their skin. ‘We are delivering a significant step-change in consumers’ experience of skin diagnostics and their understanding of their own skin, by continuing to bring even more personalised services to consumers, underpinned by our scientific credibility and skin expertise.’ The consultation only takes 15 minutes and is available in 429 Boots stores nationwide. Appointments can be booked here from April 6, 2022. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : A tried and tested shopping guide to the latest foundation launches MORE : Adaptogenic skincare is the latest beauty trend – but how does it work? MORE : Makeup artist Terry Barber explains how to apply perfect foundation in five minutes