There is not enough evidence to prosecute two people suspected of leaking footage of Matt Hancock kissing his former aide, investigators say. The images showing the former health secretary in a steamy embrace with Gina Coladangelo while social distancing rules were in place, eventually led to his resignation. A criminal investigation was launched by the Information Commissioner’s Office after receiving a report of a data breach from the Department of Health’s CCTV operator, EMCOR Group plc. The ICO said it had a duty to look at the evidence, ‘given the seriousness of the report and the wider implications it potentially had for the security of information across government’. ‘Forensic analysis revealed that the leaked images were most likely obtained by someone recording the CCTV footage screens with a mobile phone,’ the authority said. The ICO said that six mobile phones seized during searches did not contain any relevant CCTV footage of the kiss on May 6, 2021. It concluded that there was ‘insufficient evidence to charge anyone with criminal offences under the Data Protection Act 2018’ and that the investigation has therefore been closed. When CCTV images showing Hancock breaking his own social distancing advice emerged in June last year, he spent a day trying to hang onto his job in the face of fierce backlash. But the following day he caved in to pressure and offered his resignation, with both his political career and his marriage in tatters. After learning that his lockdown-breaking extramarital kiss would become front page news, Hancock separated from Martha, his wife of 15 years. The dad-of-three’s affair was said to have come as a shock to his wife, Martha, 44, who considered their relationship ‘happy’ and ‘stable’, The Sunday Times reports. Coladangelo then split with her husband Oliver Tress, the millionaire founder of Oliver Bonas, to give her relationship with Hancock a ‘proper go’. In December, Hancock gave his first TV interview since losing his job and apologised to the public for the scandal. When asked why it took him a whole day to step down, he said: ‘As you can imagine, the first thing I focused on was my personal life, and then when I focused on my professional responsibilities I decided I had to resign.’ Pressed on why he thought he wasn’t sacked immediately by Boris Johnson, he refused to ‘go into conversations I had with the Prime Minister’. This month, Hancock said he will home seven Ukrainian refugees and their dogs under the Homes for Ukraine scheme. The Tory MP will host the family for six months after branding the visa process a ‘challenge’. Good Morning Britain host Richard Madeley told Hancock that many people were saying he was trying to ‘rebuild his reputation’ after a ‘political fall’. But the former minister insisted it was ‘the other way round’, pointing out that the media were interested in finding out his stance on the refugee scheme. He said: ‘I was on BBC Radio Suffolk yesterday morning talking about this scheme and I was asked straight up, ‘You’re encouraging other people to sign up, are you going to sign up?’ ‘I just answered the question and then your team phoned me. Before going down this route, I checked with my kids and they are really enthusiastic about it.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.