Dave created some magic at Coachella as he invited ‘Spike from London’ up on stage to perform Thiago Silva with him on Sunday night. The 23-year-old rapper – who left fans stunned when he brought 15-year-old student Alex on stage for a surprise collaboration – saw lightning strike twice with another guest appearance. This time, it turns out the fan has a very famous family, as Spike’s parents are actually Love Actually/Notting Hill director Richard Curtis and broadcaster Emma Freud, and they must be so proud! The 18-year-old fan left punters cheering with his skills on the mic, dropping bars without missing a beat. ‘Oh my God, speak to the people, brother,’ Dave said after Spike joined him on stage. Not surprisingly, social media has gone wild for the performance, with Spike’s own family getting in on the action. His sister Scarlett, activist and author of Feminists Don’t Wear Pink & Other Lies, shared the video on Twitter and rightly freaked out. She wrote: ‘That. Is. My. Brother. Spike. At. Coachella WITH DAVE! He’s 18. He has school at 8am tomorrow. He was picked out of the crowd. We have never seen him rap before….’ Proud mum Emma was in bits on Twitter too, as she said: ‘This is so mad… my teenage boy went to a festival this weekend and THIS HAPPENED. He has worshipped Dave for 5 years and now….’ And sharing an article about the huge moment, she added: ‘Oh my GODDDDDD THIS IS MY SON (sic)’ It’s not actually the first time the teenager has shown off his talent, as he dropped an album on Soundcloud back in 2016 under the stage name Petit Savage when he was just 12 years old. Incredible. Dave is no stranger to creating special moments at his festival slots, and everyone will remember his Thiago Silva performance with Alex at Glastonbury back in 2019. During his set on the Other Stage, the rapper was looking for someone to help him perform the track, saying: ‘Who is sober enough to sing these lyrics along with me?’ – and the teen fan was in the front row in a Thiago Silva shirt (absolute fate) and seemed more than keen. From Alex to Spike – now the question is, who’s next? Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Travis Scott performs ‘surprise’ set at Coachella afterparty after being pulled from headline slot following Astroworld tragedy MORE : What happened to Alex from Glasto? Catching up with teen one year after iconic Thiago Silva performance with Dave 