A Teeside man has called for a reduction in waiting times for cancer scans, because of the effect they have on patients. Tommy Dunn, 28, was diagnosed with testicular cancer in October and had an operation to remove a testicle in November. But cancerous cells still managed to spread to a lymph node in his stomach, meaning he has had to go through intense chemotherapy. Reaching a diagnosis in the first place was no easy feat – and Tommy is warning that long waits cause ‘huge anxiety’ for patients. The Middlesbrough patient faced a two-week wait for a scan after he first reported a peculiar lump to his doctor. Tommy told Metro.co.uk: ‘It’s the stress of not knowing which is the worst part. ‘You can’t just ask people to go through that and function as normal and go to work and everything. ‘I know the waiting times are only two weeks for an urgent referal, but I think for any suspected cancer people shouldn’t be waiting for any more than a few days. ‘The amount of anxiety that it can bring is huge.’ He is currently writing to his local MP to urge healthcare chiefs to offer suspected cancer patients a faster turnaround for diagnoses. After going to his GP and being told of the two-week wait, Tommy attended A&E with severe pain in his groin area. He added: ‘I put my foot down and they managed to get me a scan there. I just couldn’t go home and face more waiting.’ For Tommy, noticing his lump in the first place was due to luck, and a class in school that had left a huge impression. He said: ‘I had pain down below, and just had a look one evening and found this distinctive lump. ‘It reminded me of when I was in school and we had this sex education day. ‘We went into assembly and there were all these stalls, and one had a kind of prop where you could feel what a ‘lump’ would be like. And that’s exactly what I felt years later on myself.’ While Tommy’s cancer has spread, it is contained and he is trying to remain mentally positive for the future. He’s trying to bust myths on what it’s like to lose a testicle – ‘the operation doesn’t hurt, and it doesn’t affect having kids or anything like that, really’ – and is sharing his cancer journey on TikTok. There, he answers questions on his own experience and shares advice for others going through the same situation. He added: ‘I’ve spoken to friends who have had lumps and not gone to their doctors, they have had it for days or even weeks at a time. But you need to go and get anything odd checked out. ‘Those days can make a huge difference, you can’t put it off’. Tommy is already looking to the future when his gruelling chemotherapy is over and, hopefully, he is given the all clear to return to life as normal. First thing on the cards will be a parmo – an iconic Teeside dish – and a pint of Guinness, he added. NHS England was contacted by Metro.co.uk for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.