Scientists have discovered mysterious jars in India that may have been used for ancient human burial practices. The 65 sandstone jars of various shapes and sizes, dating back to 400 BC, were found scattered over four sites in the north-eastern state of Assam. Some of the jars were tall and cylindrical, while the others were partly or fully buried in the ground. The details of the discovery — which involved researchers from three universities in India and Australia — were published in the Journal of Asian Archaeology journal this week. According to the study, ‘stone jars are a unique archaeological phenomenon in Assam, India’. Similar stone vessels have previously been found in Laos and Indonesia. ‘We still don’t know who made the giant jars or where they lived. It’s all a bit of a mystery’, Nicholas Skopal, a researcher at the Australian National University who was part of the research team, told the BBC. It is still unclear as to what the giant jars were used for but researchers believe they were ‘likely associated with mortuary practices’. The jars were found to be empty and were once possibly covered with lids. ‘There are stories from the Naga people (an ethnic group in north-eastern India) of finding the Assam jars filled with cremated remains, beads and other material artefacts,’ said Skopal. ‘The next step in this project is to excavate and extensively document features of these jars,’ Dr Thakuria told the BBC. So far researchers have found 10 sites containing more than 700 jars in Assam while similar sites were discovered in the neighbouring state of Meghalaya state in the past. The researchers believe there are likely to be more of these site around the area that they hadn’t discovered yet. ‘The longer we take to find them, the greater chance that they will be destroyed, as more crops are planted in these areas and the forests are cut down,’ said Skopal. The size and structure of the jars found in Assam were similar to those found in Laos with some variation in shape and size. ‘The ones in Assam are more bulbous, whereas the ones in Laos are more cylindrical,’ said Skopal. The jars in Laos which were uncovered in 2016 were believed to have been placed in Xieng Khouang province at least 2,000 years ago. The sites in Assam were first noted in the early twentieth century, with systematic recording not commencing until 2014 by a collaborative effort from the North-Eastern Hill University, Nagaland University and the Archaeological Survey of India. The discovery was part of a 2020 survey across the Dima Hasao Province of Assam in India which led to the documentation of four previously unreported megalithic jar sites bringing the the number of known jar sites from seven to eleven. MORE : Jewellery and coins found at 9,000-body burial site being dug up for roadworks MORE : Devastating fire at Notre-Dame led to discovery of ancient sarcophagus beneath the cathedral