Stephanie Baker, from Victoria, Australia, says she got a bit of a surprise when she ordered herself a Big Mac from McDonald’s. Nestled snugly underneath the cheese in her burger was allegedly a Happy Meal toy of Jerry the mouse, of Tom and Jerry fame. Stephanie, 25, claims she purchased the Big Mac from her local Wangaratta McDonald’s on Saturday, and spotted the toy as she was fixing the burger up after receiving it in a bit of a sloppy state. The community centre worker shared her claims on TikTok, with her video now having been viewed over 1.7 million times. Stephanie said: ‘I was fixing the burger up because the layers were all over the place when I first saw the toy. ‘I was thinking I needed to find my phone to film and take photos for proof before I touched it. ‘Because I knew as soon as I saw the eyes that it was obviously a Happy Meal toy.’ At first, Stephanie says she was angered by the toy’s presence in her burger and found it ‘gross’ that she had no idea how Jerry got there. ‘I filmed the video, took some pictures, then showed my mother and two brothers,’ she said. ‘They laughed and thought I was joking and that I had done it. ‘They then laughed at the video, because the face through the cheese was pretty funny. ‘I didn’t go back to the McDonald’s because I was a bit worried they wouldn’t believe me and I have a lot of anxiety when I have to speak to people face to face, so I just gave the burger to my dog, minus the toy, and posted the video. ‘The response online was funny at first but a lot of people on TikTok can be quite blunt and nasty. ‘So quite a few people have claimed I did it on purpose, but most just laughed and found it pretty funny. ‘McDonald’s reached out to me from the Tiktok video and told me to get in contact with them.’ McDonald’s Australia has been contacted for comment. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Nutritionist keeps McDonalds and doughnuts in cupboard for two years to prove they ‘never go off’ MORE : TikTok chef reveals how to make the discontinued McDonald’s McRib burger at home MORE : McDonald’s drops brand new truffle mayo chicken burger – the Crispy McFillet