There could be a second Beckham wedding on the cards before too long, as Romeo Beckham, 19, is reportedly considering tying the knot. The second-eldest Beckham child has been dating model Mia Regan, also 19, for three years, and sources claim things are getting pretty serious between them. An insider claimed to The Mirror: ‘Mia is close to Romeo’s mum Victoria. It was clear the couple want a long-term future together and have already spoken about being soulmates. ‘Marrying quickly and young seems to be in the Beckham tradition. They are besotted with each other and are definitely in it for life.’ The source added that the pair of them have discussed how they want to have a big family and ‘can’t wait to get started.’ It comes after Brooklyn Beckham, 23, married actress Nicola Peltz, 27, in a £3million ceremony at her billionaire parents’ Florida estate. The insider added that Romeo wanted to wait until Brooklyn and Nicola’s wedding had taken place before thinking about proposing, so as not to ‘take the limelight’ from his brother. Romeo and Mia are thought to want a much more low-key wedding than Brooklyn and Nicola, with the couple reportedly planning to get married in the UK rather than abroad. They are also said to want the big day to be a far more casual affair than the Beckham-Peltz’s traditional affair. As well as their lavish ceremony, Brooklyn and Nicola also received some impressive wedding presents, including a classic car from the Beckhams. David Beckham gifted the happy newlywed couple a £350,000 electric Jaguar XK140 in light blue, which Brooklyn was later seen taking for a spin. Each car costs £350,000 plus local taxes and waiting lists currently extend to January 2024. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Doting mum Victoria Beckham carts out sunscreen on £5,000,000 super yacht and relaxes with husband David and son Romeo MORE : Victoria Beckham is all of us as she flops to floor during workout after recovering from wedding fun 