Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz’s wedding is imminent, with stars getting their glam on ahead of the ceremony. The pair are set to tie the knot at the Peltz family estate in a ceremony thought to cost around £3million. First to share her glam process was Victoria Beckham’s best friend, Eva Longoria. The Desperate Housewives star, who’s previously said she’ll be coordinating outfits with the mother of the groom, shared a video of her hair stylist at work, posing to the sound of Stevie Wonder’s Isn’t She Lovely?. She went on to film a TikTok, starting out with no makeup and transforming into her fully done-up look. She rocked a chic black ensemble, potentially giving us a clue as to what Victoria will don. Venus Williams shared a gorgeous video of herself all done up in a red mini-dress, writing on Instagram: ‘Wedding day 1 (not mine clearly).’ Elsewhere, Gordon Ramsay’s daughter Tilly shared a gorgeous snap of the beach, as she soaked up the rays before the ceremony. Brooklyn, 23, and Nicola, 27 will tie the knot under a chuppah as is traditional for Jewish weddings, with father of the groom David Beckham being the master of ceremonies. The youngest Beckham child, Harper, 10, will be a bridesmaid, while Nicola’s brother, Brad, will be the man of honour. Of course, plenty of other A-listers are expected to attend, with Snoop Dogg saying he’s going to DJ at the reception. While two of the Spice Girls – Emma Bunton and Geri Horner – wont be attending, Mel B is expected to rock up. Emma shared a sweet snap with the happy couple, writing on Instagram: ‘These two beautiful souls are getting married today! ‘I’m so sorry i couldn’t make it there to celebrate you both. ‘We Love you all very much. @victoriabeckham @davidbeckham try not to cry to much!! #happytears.’ Venus’ sister Serena will also be in attendance, with the tennis legend seen rocking up to the pre-wedding bash and rehearsal dinner. Brooklyn, who will reportedly take his wife’s surname as his middle name, was spotted zooming about on a golf cart with his and Nicola’s pet puppy slung over his shoulder on the morning of the big day. His younger brother Cruz, 17, followed suit, as the brothers prepared for the ceremony. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Romeo Beckham’s girlfriend shares sneaky snap of outfits amid Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz’s ‘no phone rule’ MORE : Brooklyn Beckham cuddles pet puppy as he’s seen for first time on morning of wedding to Nicola Peltz  