The weather seems to be a bit confused, but it’s official spring here in the UK. If you’ve already felt the weight of winter lifting off your shoulders, you’re not alone. The sun is shining, and people in their droves are organising their homes ready for the new season. Although the joy in a spring clean goes beyond the result (like that special feeling that comes from throwing open the windows on a sunny morning) sitting down and admiring your work is restorative. And part of creating a blissful sensory experience in your home is the way it smells. Candles, diffusers, and sprays impart a room with fragrance, but they’re also a finishing touch to decor, curating an atmosphere with each scented waft. For this time of year, going for floral and citrus notes is always a good place to start. In-keeping with how nature blossoms at spring, you’ll notice botanicals front and centre in upmarket homeware stores, with notes from tomato to rose featuring heavily in their ranges. If you’re not a fan of fresh scents, look for base notes like musk or amber. These aromatic resins give a level of depth to a perfume, and the same applies when it comes to spritzing round the house. We’ve compiled our favourite home fragrance products you can buy right now. Next time you have guests, they’ll be dying to know why your place smells so great. Buy for £27.99 at Yankee Candle. Buy for £34 from Floral Street. Buy for £3.50 from Sassy Shop Wax. Buy for £7.49 at Aldi. Buy for £128 from Jo Malone. Buy for £20 from Aesop. Buy for £16.80 (reduced from £20.99) at JustMyLook. Buy for £50 at Space NK. Buy for £2.95 from Village Wax Melts. Buy for £45 from Harrods. Buy for £5 from Dunelm. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. MORE : Clever hacks to speed up painting a wall MORE : Expert tips for being more efficient and feeling like you have more time