Gemma Spence, 27, and Campbell Kerr, 28, used to live the classic London lifestyle. They worked up to 60 hours a week in the healthcare industry amind the pandemic, paid £1,200 a month to rent a one-bed flat – plus £200 on bills -, and were stressed out. So they decided to make a change. They quit their jobs, ditched their flat, and bought a £33k motorhome with the £50k they had managed to stash away while working as a healthcare worker (Gemma) and support worker (Campbell). Now, they travel to stunning spots in their dreamy home on wheels, and make money by documenting their adventures and sharing them on social media. As well as being a lot of fun, their new way of life saves the couple cash – they save over £1,000 a month, with their largest expense £300 a month on diesel. The couple’s outgoings in London used to be £1,730 but now they are £670. Campbell, from Bishopton, Scots, said: ‘This lifestyle isn’t for everyone, but it is a great way of living. ‘There is a lot of uncertainty, it can be difficult if you like consistency in life. ‘But we love the adventure and not knowing where we will sleep for the night. ‘We are so much happier now. ‘I studied engineering at university but I was never inspired by the industry, it didn’t get me out of bed. ‘But now the sun rise does and I can’t wait to get the day started.’ Alongside sharing their travels online, the pair have written a book, Destination NC500, all about the scenic north coast route in Scotland. ‘We travel a lot so we can create content for work,’ said Gemma. ‘But the best bit about living in a motorhome is the freedom. ‘Being able to go where we want and when we want is an amazing feeling.’ Campbell added: ‘We produced a guide that not only advises people where to go but provides tips such as where to dispose of waste. ‘Selling the book has been one source of income but we make most of our money by creating content online.’ The couple spend three long days a week working; writing, editing videos and photos and responding to messages. For the rest of the week, they enjoy hiking and open water swimming. Gemma said: ‘We work for long hours for three days a week which is much better than life before. ‘Previously, we were both working 60 hours per week. ‘It was intense.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman turns old mini bus into sunflower-themed campervan for £20,000 MORE : Parents leave the daily grind behind to ‘roadschool’ their kids in classroom campervan MORE : Meeting George (the 120-year-old tortoise), jungle hiking, lagoon kayaking and picnicking on pristine beaches: How to have a luxuriously far-flung adventure in the Seychelles