Russia has confirmed one death following the sinking of the Moskva warship. The Black Sea flagship, which was pivotal to attacks on southern Ukraine, sank while being towed to a port on April 14. State media originally said it was a fire, and not Ukraine missiles, that downed the vessel. A statement was even released that claimed ‘the entire crew have been evacuated’ safely. But, more than a week after the sinking, Russia’s defence ministry has finally admitted to losses. They say one soldier died and another 27 crewmen are missing. The remaining 396 crew were rescued following the sinking. The identity of the dead soldier has not been released – but family members of the Moskva’s crew have shared emotional pleas for information online. Dmitry Shkrebets, who lives in Crimea, posted on Facebook to say his son, who served as a cook on Moskva, was missing. He wrote: ‘The military said the entire crew was evacuated. It’s a lie! A blatant and cynical lie! ‘My son, a conscript, as the very commanders of the Moskva cruiser told me, is not listed among the wounded and the dead and is added to the list of those missing … Guys, missing in the open sea?!’ One distraught mother also described searching a hospital full of severely burned survivors for her missing son after the Moskva sank. Irina Shkrebets told The Insider: ‘There were only two hundred people, and there were more than five hundred on board the cruiser. Where were the others?’ Political analyst Abbas Gallyamov said the ramifications following from the loss of the Moskva are far from over for Vladimir Putin. He described the loss of the ship as a ‘devastation’ for the Russian leader, and added bereaved families would be coming to the realisation that ‘one shouldn’t trust the Russian authorities’. The Moskva warship first gained notoriety after her crew was tasked with taking on Ukrainian troops on Snake Island in the Black Sea. The ship’s Russian captain demanded their surrender over a tannoy. But defiant Ukrainians simply replied ‘Warship, go f*** yourself.’ Initially, it was feared the troops had died as a result of their refusal to surrender. But it soon emerged they had been taken prisoner by Russians. They were later released as part of a prisoner exchange agreement. They were hailed as heroes upon their return to Ukraine, and a commemorative stamp was even launched in their honour. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.