Matt Judge has reportedly resigned from his role at Manchester United. Judge has been responsible for negotiating contracts and transfers at Old Trafford since 2014 but is now set to leave the club, according to The Athletic. He is now said to be working through a notice period in his contract with the club before departing later in the year and he will not play an active part in transfers this summer. Judge departs on good terms with the club but has been considering his future in recent weeks amid a host of backroom staff changes at the club. Executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward has already departed while chief scout Jim Lawlor and head of global scouting Marcel Bout are also exiting Old Trafford. John Murtough now has full control of the football operations as he looks to help steer United back to the glory days with incoming boss Erik ten Hag at the helm. Earlier this month the club confirmed the Dutchman will leave Ajax at the end of the season to take over the reins from interim boss Ralf Rangnick. Rangnick meanwhile will move into a consultancy role at the club as well as being announced today as the new coach of the Austria national team. Rangnick was quoted by the Austrian FA website as saying: ‘It’s an honour for me to take on the role of team boss. I’m particularly excited about the prospect of contesting the European Championships in Germany with a young team hungry for success.’ After watching his team struggle to a 1-1 draw with Chelsea on Thursday night he confirmed his intentions to stay on at United. ‘I can also confirm that I will definitely continue at the end of the season with my consultancy role,’ Rangnick said. ‘I didn’t say I would be a big part of things moving forward but we have definitely agreed now about the content and also the time of my consultancy role. ‘So far Erik and I haven’t spoken but this will hopefully and probably happen in the future. I am more than willing and happy to help change things for the better. ‘It would leave space for another job, that’s what we agreed to start with in November last year.’ MORE : Cristiano Ronaldo has got what Erik ten Hag wants at Manchester United, says Gary Neville MORE : Roy Keane baffled by Ralf Rangnick decisions and ‘crazy’ Manchester United contracts For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 