A Russian oil depot went up in flames overnight amid claims of cross-border attacks by Ukrainian forces. The large fire sent huge plumes of smoke into the air over the city of Bryansk, which lies less than 100 miles from the border. A second blaze was raging close to the depot this morning, with unconfirmed reports it started at a military base holding ammunition. There is nothing concrete to link the fires to the Ukrainian war but there have been several similar incidents in recent days. Speculation is mounting that Ukrainian forces could be mounting a covert campaign targeting infrastructure crucial to fuelling the war effort. CCTV footage of the incident appeared to capture the sound of a missile before the oil storage facility exploded, but this could not be verified by Metro.co.uk. No one was injured in the incident, according to the same Russian authorities which earlier this week claimed Ukrainian helicopters had been active in the area. Separately, the governor of the Kursk region, a Russian area which borders Ukraine, said air defence systems had taken out two drones. It is the latest in a string of unverified claims from officials in the area about Ukrainian military activity impacting the region. Western arms shipments to Ukraine are being ramped up as Russia intensifies its planned assault on the Donbas region. Kremlin forces are attempting to take the Donetsk and Luhansk regions in full, as well as at least some of Ukraine’s southern coastline. MORE : Russia investigating claims of ‘sabotage’ by British SAS in Ukraine Despite heavy fighting in recent days, Russia has not achieved any major breakthroughs on the ground, according to an international monitoring group. The Institute for the Study of War said they had made minor advances and taken some small towns but that damaged Russian units redeployed from the failed assault on Kyiv had not made the ‘pauses necessary to prepare for decisive operations’. In its latest assessment, the Ministry of Defence said: ‘Russia has made minor advances in some areas since shifting its focus to fully occupying the Donbas. ‘Without sufficient logistical and combat support enablers in place, Russia has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough.’ Speaking to reporters in Poland after a visit to Kyiv, US secretary of state Anthony Blinken struck an optimistic note. He said: ‘When it comes to Russia’s war aims, Russia is failing, Ukraine is succeeding.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.