There were doubts over whether Timo Werner would still be a Chelsea player next season or not, but Blues hero Joe Cole believes the German has been so good in recent performances that he has secured a future at Stamford Bridge. The forward turned in another good display on Sunday as Chelsea beat Crystal Palace 2-0 in their Wembley FA Cup semi-final. This came after scoring in the Champions League at Real Madrid in the week and netting twice in a 6-0 thrashing of Southampton last weekend. Those two goals against the Saints were only his second and third in the league this season, showing how much he has struggled. Playing on the left, with Kai Havertz down the middle, Werner has found some form and set up Mason Mount’s goal, Chelsea’s second of the game on Sunday. Cole feels his work rate. and now showing some end product, Werner will still be part of Thomas Tuchel’s plans next season. ‘It was a lovely assist for Mason,’ Cole said on ITV. ‘He’s always a bright spark, he always brings something to the party ‘Even when he’s not at his very very best. I think after the last three or four weeks there may be a future for him at Chelsea. ‘On that role high up on the left, he threatens, he gets behind. He can be very pleased with his day’s work. That’s for sure.’ Cole added: ‘Timo Werner doesn’t give up. When he doesn’t score a goal he’s offering something else.’ Mount was also full of praise for his teammate, again blown away by the work rate of the Germany international. ‘He’s brilliant,’ said Mount. ‘Done so well the last couple of games. In the second half he had a chance and missed, ran all the way back to the half-way line to win the ball. That shows the sort of player he is.’ MORE : Thomas Tuchel reveals why Romelu Lukaku is benched for Chelsea’s FA Cup semi-final vs Crystal Palace MORE : Manchester United and Chelsea target Declan Rice could stay at West Ham, says Paddy Kenny For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 