Russian military who occupied Chernobyl may have laid a maze of landmines as they retreated, a Ukrainian official fears. Undeterred by safety concerns, occupiers held more than 100 Ukrainian staff at the plant captive for a month, limiting them to one basic meal a day before fleeing at the start of April. Graffiti signs reading ‘this passage is mined’ and ‘expect a surprise, look for a mine’ were left behind, according to footage collected by the Ukrainian Witness media group. This means there is still a heightened risk for workers due to radiation and the potential for explosions caused by the planted landmines. Maksym Shevchuk, deputy head of Ukraine’s State Agency for Exclusion Zone Management, told the i: ‘Our sappers are now working on the de-mining of key locations and checking everything it is possible to check.’ He said ‘for now people are using only well-known routes and asphalt roads’ in order to avoid any hidden landmines. Last week, Belarusian media Belsat TV reported border guards from Belarus were blown up by a landmine left by the Russian military during their retreat from the plant. Valeriy Korshunov, founder of the Ukraine-based European Institute of Chernobyl, also warned the nuclear fuel storage facility and other facilities within the exclusion zone ‘may be mined’. Shocking pictures from inside the exclusion zone now show a scene of devastation, with bombed bridges, abandoned tanks and looted facilities. Footage also emerged on Telegram which seems to confirm fears Russians dug trenches in the Red Forest, which is the most polluted place in the area. The soldiers had apparently camped out for weeks in the forest – which received some of the highest radiation doses when the reactor exploded back in 1986 – and it is still highly radioactive 36 years later. ‘The international community had taken steps for Chernobyl to be completely safe,’ Claire Corkhill, professor in nuclear material degradation at the University of Sheffield, told the newspaper. She added that the Russian invaders have now ‘messed up the whole plan we had for Chernobyl’. According to Energoatom, which operates all four nuclear power stations in Ukraine, all buildings in Chernobyl were robbed and a modern laboratory worth £5 million was looted and destroyed. More concerning, experts say, is the loss of communications and monitoring capabilities. Before the war, data from Chernobyl was sent daily to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). Patrick Regan, professor of radionuclide metrology at the University of Surrey, said: ‘The biggest worry for them is they weren’t getting the reports sent to the IAEA. ‘They monitor the background levels all the time so if you don’t have that information, you can’t send that information on independently, and you can’t see what the radiation levels are on the ground there. ‘If there was a big release [of radiation], you can’t hide that, you can measure it in Europe. ‘There’s a very clean fingerprint, a gamma ray signature that tells you there’s a release of radioactive material linked to a nuclear fission fuel event. ‘And there’s no reports of any of those at the moment.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.