In an age of three-hour movies, sometimes a 90-minute classic is all you need. Don’t get us wrong, we absolutely love settling in for a blockbuster and we will forever defend the run times of The Batman and Avengers: Endgame…but three hours is a commitment! Thankfully, Pete Davidson has us covered. Of course he does. Taking aim at lengthy run-times in an SNL skit, Pete joked he’s ‘a simple man with no attention span’ – and Netflix actually took note. The streaming giant responded with their ‘short-ass movies’ section and we’re actually very grateful. So here are our top picks! It’s easily one of the best films ever made and, as Emma Stone die-hards, no we are not biased (we may be slightly biased). Easy A follows clean-cut teen Olive (Emma) who decides to lie about losing her virginity – and things quickly spiral out of control. It’s got everything you could ever want from a classic romcom, it’s Amanda Bynes’ last film before she stepped back from acting (and what a performance). AND it’s only 92 minutes long. Flawless! You will laugh. You will cry. You will cry more. A writer (Paul Rudd) quits his job to become a full time carer to a disabled teen (Craig Roberts) and it is nothing like what he expected. You’re not likely to forget it in a hurry. Rocks was nominated for seven Baftas in 2021 and it’s easy to see why. Following a determined teenage girl struggles to take care of herself and her younger brother after her mother’s abrupt departure, the film sees Bukky Bakray absolutely stun in the role. If it’s horror you’re after, one of the absolute classics comes in at less than 90 minutes. For the uninitiated, The Purge sees the US government sanction a 12-hour period each year during which all crime is legal. Starring Ethan Hawke and Lena Headey, it’s an essential watch. From The Purge to Mr Bean…can’t say we don’t give you variety! Rowan Atkinson’s iconic film is by no means a cinematic masterpiece – but it is a cracking watch for a rainy afternoon. Stephen Graham’s Bafta-nominated film follows a head chef who has to coordinate his team on the busiest day of the year. Incredibly, it was filmed in one shot in a real restaurant, after the actors shadowed real kitchen staff. The classic Adam Sandler flick (before his success with Uncut Gems – or Uncah Jahms, as it may be more commonly known) follows a rejected hockey player puts his skills to the golf course to save his grandmother’s house. Somehow, the film turned 25 last year and it’s clear the actors still love it just as much as we do. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Ultimatum fans convinced April Marie and Jake Cunningham have split after Netflix series MORE : Bridgerton executive ‘fired’ over bullying claims on set of Netflix spin-off 