Tyson Fury has announced his retirement from boxing following his heavyweight title victory over Dillian Whyte at Wembley. ‘The Gypsy King’ produced a sublime performance to beat fellow Briton Dillian Whyte in an absorbing contest at Wembley Stadium in front of 94,000 spectators. Fury has held all four of boxing’s major world titles during his celebrated career, beating Wladimir Klitschko to win the IBF, WBO and WBA titles in 2015. A year later he would vacate those titles as he battled depression and drug addiction, leaving the sport before launching his comeback in 2018. He returned to the top in February 2020 after a devastating victory over Deontay Wilder to win the WBC title, beating the American in a wild trilogy showdown last October before seeing off Whyte in the capital on Saturday night. The chance to become heavyweight boxing’s first unified world champion since Lennox Lewis beckons against the winner of Oleksandr Usyk and Anthony Joshua – who will meet in their rematch in July. Fury insisted throughout fight week that this would be his last dance, fighting back in the UK for the first time in four years. And despite the riches that would come with being crowed undisputed champion, Fury says he will now hang up his gloves for good in order to dedicate his life to his family having made a promise to his wife Paris. ‘You know I promised my lovely wife Paris of 14 years that after the Wilder three fight that would be it and I meant it. It was a great trilogy but I meant that,’ Fury said in the ring moments after knocking out Whyte. ‘I got offered to fight at Wembley at home and I believe I owed it to the fans and every person in the UK to fight at Wembley. I think this is it this might be the final curtain for The Gypsy King. What a way to go out.’ In his post-fight press conference, Fury again insisted that he will now retire from professional boxing after ‘a lot of time on the road’ away from his family. ‘I’ve said what I’ve said and I’m happy with my decisions. I’m going to go home with my wife and kids. I’ve spent a lot of time on the road and I have been away a long time. I have fulfilled everything. ‘I am going to retire as only the second heavyweight after Rocky Marciano to retire undefeated. I was unbeatable at this game.’ After beating Whyte, Fury was joined in the ring by UFC heavyweight champion Francis Ngannou, with the two confirming plans for a ‘hybrid’ fight in 2023. And while his days fighting boxing’s elite for world titles appear to be over, Fury says he will active in exhibition fights for the right money. ‘I will not rule out exhibitions for sure, get some of that Floyd Mayweather money,’ he said. ‘I want to have fun, I am an entertainer so I want to have fun. ‘Big Francis Ngannou was here today so he is on my hit list in an exhibition fight. However he wants it, in the cage, in the boxing ring, UFC gloves, boxing gloves, we can make it happen. It will be a clash of the titans for sure.’ MORE : Tyson Fury’s wife Paris ‘pregnant with couple’s seventh child’ says Carl Froch MORE : Dillian Whyte’s exhausting wait for a world title shot is finally here after years of frustration and setbacks For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 