Kim Kardashian has been found not guilty of defaming Blac Chyna, it has been claimed. The reality star launched legal action against the Kardashians over the decision to axe her E! series with ex-boyfriend Rob Kardashian, titled Rob and Chyna – which aired for one season in 2016. According to court documents, the 33-year-old – real name Angela Renee White – is asking for $108million (£83m) in damages, $44million (£33m) for ‘past economic damage’ and $64million (£49m) for ‘future economic damage’. The trial began on April 20 in LA, with Kim, Kylie Jenner and mom Kris among those taking the stand. However, according to reports, the Skims businesswoman has been removed from the lawsuit after a request from their lawyer. Legal documents obtained by People Magazine state: ‘Because [Blac Chyna] has neither identified an allegedly defamatory statement by Kim Kardashian, nor specified an instance where she ratified an allegedly defamatory statement by another party, the claim against her must be dismissed. ‘[Blac Chyna’s] vague assertion on the record during [her] argument that Kim Kardashian “ratified those statements and encouraged her sisters to make them” – without specifying how Kim Kardashian ratified them and to whom – is woefully insufficient to maintain a claim. ‘Additionally, statements by other defendants cannot form the basis of a defamation claim against Kim Kardashian because neither her mother nor her sisters ever acted as her agent.’ While Chyna’s team insisted that their client has “the right to a jury trial” against Kim over defamation claims, the publication states that the judge granted the request. ‘There is no evidence that defendant Kim Kardashian took a “responsible part” in the publication of the alleged statement by the other defendants,’ the ruling reportedly says. Kim previously took to the stand this week and said she had no memory of attempting to stop her brother’s reality show with the mother of his child – but attempted to keep Chyna off the family reality show. She told the court that she demanded that the model was kept away from Keeping Up With The Kardashians after hearing that she had abused her brother. ‘I will not go into a toxic work environment. On my own show, I have the power to do that,’ the 41-year-old testified. Chyna’s attorney Lynne Ciani showed her a series of text messages from late 2016 and early 2017 with her name attached. The message thread included several demands about Chyna being filmed for ‘her’ show – something Kim insisted was a typo caused by voice dictation. ‘This is clearly voice dictated, as is everything I text that’s so long, and it’s sometimes rendering “our” as “her”,’ she said. ‘I would never refer to her show as “her” show, I would say “Rob’s show” since it’s a spin-off of Keeping Up With the Kardashians.’ She explained that the recipient, Amanda Weinstein, only worked on KUWTK and not on Rob and Chyna, adding that the exchange also showed her family had no power over the decisions made by producers and the network. One message read: ‘No one listens to us, no one respects us.’ She claimed that the only power they had was to withhold their own participation, adding: ‘I have a right as a cast member to say we really need a break.’ Rob and Chyna aired in 2016, following the former couple as they prepared to welcome their daughter Dream together. It was taken off air after one series, after which the mom-of-two alleged that the family – specifically Kim, Khloe and Kris and Kylie – were responsible for the axe, allegations they have denied. Rob’s attorney has maintained their tumultuous break-up is what caused the show to end. The trial continues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan ‘so sorry’ for Boris Becker after former Wimbledon champion is jailed over bankruptcy case MORE : Bend It Like Beckham may have just turned 20 – but lead star Parminder Nagra ‘hasn’t played football since’  