British tourists hoping to get away this summer need to renew out of date passports ‘as soon as possible’ or face missing out on their holidays, a minister has warned. The Passport Office is battling a huge backlog following the easing of Covid travel restrictions, Kevin Foster admitted. The Home Office minister told MPs that the Government had no intention of letting the current 10-week processing time slide further – even as stories of Brits facing five month delays and cancelling holidays emerged. Services were branded ‘either really very good or an absolute shambles’ and condemned by travel officials. The SNP home affairs spokesman Stuart McDonald asked Mr Foster: ‘All our constituents are having to cancel holidays, miss funerals, rearrange visits, with even a new 10-week target routinely being failed. ‘What will be done to avoid this predictable mess getting worse? And can we be assured that the 10-week target will not be lengthened further as we approach the summer?’ The minister said a million passport applications were dealt with last month compared to a normal workload of seven million in a whole year. Mr Foster suggested processing rates had nearly quadrupled between mid-March and early January, when around 60,000 passports were being updated a week. ‘I would point out that where people have compelling and compassionate circumstances such as a funeral, applications can be expedited’, he said, labelling current demand ‘virtually unprecedented’. ‘It has now been for some time we have been advising to allow for up to 10 weeks for an application to be processed, and last year sent 4.7 million texts reminding people whose passports have expired to renew them… ‘If people are planning to travel this summer we would advise them to get their application in as soon as possible.’ Some countries require passports to be valid for six months to let arrivals in. But in Spain and many other European countries, for example, it just needs to be less than 10 years old on the day you enter and valid for at least 3 months after the day you plan to leave. Online renewals cost £75.50. Conservative MP Simon Hoare described the passport backlog as ‘unprecedented true, but foreseeable absolutely’. The North Dorset MP added: ‘Certainly my constituents are telling me their experience is either really very good or it is an absolute shambles. Labour’s Stephanie Peacock raised the case of a mother who submitted her daughter’s passport application in January – five months in advance of their holiday next week – but has yet to receive one. The Barnsley East MP said the delays were unacceptable. Home Secretary Priti Patel said ministers would examine the case and said: ‘That’s a very, very unusual delay, there must be a problem.’ Meanwhile, the boss of Heathrow Airport also piled in to criticise the ‘really disappointing’ delays. Chief executive John Holland-Kaye said it is ‘vital’ that people can go on holiday this summer in case the UK reintroduces Covid travel restrictions. Mr Holland-Kaye said: ‘Normally the Passport Office is very slick in processing passports. It’s really disappointing to hear (about delays). ‘If it’s not resolved, it is going to mean that people can’t get away. ‘After two years of lockdown, we need to make sure people can have a good holiday because many of them have vouchers that they’ve been saving up, they’ve got trips of a lifetime that they’ve put on hold, and we don’t know when things might get closed down again. ‘Making the most of the summer is vital.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : More Easter airport misery as queues at one airport stretch to the car park