Far-right website Infowars and two other companies owned by Alex Jones have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection after facing several defamation lawsuits over Jones’ claim that the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting was a hoax. The filings were made in the US Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas. Chapter 11 bankruptcy procedures pause pending civil litigation while letting a business prepare for a turnaround plan. In the court filings, Infowars said it had estimated assets of $50,000 or less, and estimated liabilities of $1million to $10million. Infowars said it had estimated assets of $50,000 or less, and estimated liabilities of $1million to $10million. Those listed as being owed money include relatives of some of the 20 children and six educators killed during the 2012 mass shooting at a suburban Connecticut elementary school. The companies that filed for bankruptcy include Infowars,  IWHealth aka Infowars Health, and Prison Planet TV, CBS News reported. A judge also ruled that Jones will be given back the $75,000 in fines he paid after failing to appear in front of a Connecticut court for deposition in a lawsuit over his comments that the Sandy Hook shooting was a hoax. Jones paid a $25,000 daily fine for April 1 and another $50,000 for April 4. He later attended a deposition in Bridgeport on April 5 and 6. The families of Sandy Hook victims have sued Jones after being subjected to harassment and death threats from his followers due to his conspiracy theory that the shooting never happened. He has since come out to say that the shooting did happen. Twenty first-graders and six educators were killed in the 2012 massacre. The gunman, 20-year-old Adam Lanza, killed his mother in their Newtown home before the massacre, and then killed himself at the school as police arrived. The families have already won defamation lawsuits against the right-wing radio host.  A trial on how much he should pay the families is set for August. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.