Another week, eh? Another bloody week. You did it! Look at you, eh? Wow. Well done, amazing. No, seriously – well done, really great. Have yourself a lovely weekend, eh? You’ve bloody earned it after all! Seriously, go on, have a lovely old time – don’t do anything we wouldn’t do! Actually – would you just do us a quick favour first? Nothing too strenuous, don’t worry! Can you just quickly get caught up on the news below? Won’t take a moment! Why? BECAUSE WE HAD TO READ IT ALL AND IT’S AWFUL AND NOW YOU HAVE TO AS WELL BECAUSE THAT’S LIFE AND LIFE IS UNFAIR AND HARD AND BLEAK Honestly though, have a really swell weekend! Without fanfare or pause, the grinding campaign being waged against Ukraine entered its third month. Vladimir Putin – who some think is hiding a serious illness – shows no signs of relenting in his pursuit of…well, who knows. More than nine weeks into the invasion, the Kremlin’s strategy continues to look chaotic and frayed, its efforts to capture more territory in the east of the country failing to produce any meaningful breakthrough. We know the first British fighter, Scott Sibley, has died fighting for Ukraine and another is missing. It has also emerged that two aid workers from the UK have been detained by Russian forces. With progress on the ground elusive and Mr Putin’s ‘victory’ parade scheduled for May 9 looking rather certain to be rained on, the Russian leader and his cronies have spent the week puffing up their chests and flashing their nukes around. Russia bombed several rail stations shortly after senior US officials used the train to visit Kyiv and then struck the capital again while the head of the UN was visiting – we are sure both were a total coincidence. There have also been several concerning incidents in territory sandwiched between Moldova and Ukraine which is occupied by pro-Russian forces, raising concerns a new front in the war could open. Ukraine’s heroic resistance continues. TL;DR: Vladimir Putin continues to have no idea what he’s doing. Well, it’s been another edifying week in the Mother of Parliaments. It emerged on Monday that Conservative MPs had said in a private meeting they’d spotted a colleague browsing X-rated material in the House of Commons. According to reports, a female minister claimed she had seen the then-unidentified politician indulging in some illicit entertainment on two separate occasions while at work. It took until Friday for Neil Parish to be named by the Tory chief whip and suspended pending an investigation. Mr Parish is the chairman of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee and was first elected to parliament in the 2010 General Election. He has referred himself to the harassment and sexual abuse watchdog but has refused calls to quit. Speaking to reporters outside his home, he suggested he may have opened a video accidentally but would cooperate fully with the investigation and step down if found guilty. A fresh bout of hand-wringing and soul-searching about misogyny in British politics is under way, a fruitless, if righteous, national pastime that seems to roll around every few weeks before quietly petering out without a trace. Female MPs have shared horrific stories of harassment and abuse in parliament and there has been a lot of Something Must Be Done from across the House. Will something be done? Metro.co.uk is not holding its breath. TL;DR: Ew. British politics’ week of having a long, hard look in the mirror was given another dimension after an article about Angela Rayner appeared. The Mail on Sunday reported tittle tattle from an anonymous Tory MP that they think the Labour deputy leader crosses and uncrosses her legs to off-foot Boris Johnson during sessions at the despatch box. The suggestion that Ms Rayner – who left school at 16 to have a baby and worked her way up from social worker to becoming the most influential woman on the left of British politics – needs to ‘do a Sharon Stone’ to get one up on the prime minister are obviously demented. Mr Johnson is among those who strongly criticised the claims and Tory MPs lined up to say if they found out who the unnamed source of the story is – which they won’t – then they should be thrown out of the party. For its part, the Mail on Sunday has defended its right to publish the remarks, saying it is entitled to publish ‘conversations which take place in the House of Commons, however unpalatable some may find them’. Its editor rejected a request to have a meeting with speaker Lindsay Hoyle, saying a politician has no right to meddle with what newspapers are allowed to publish. TL;DR: It has been at least 20 years since anyone actually watched Basic Instinct, surely? Tennis is having a big, big year in the news. A sport with 99% of people only care about when Wimbledon is on managed to force itself up the running order a few months back Novak Djokivic had a tantrum over the Covid-19 vaccine. It’s been at it again this week, this time because Boris Becker has been jailed for two-and-a-half years for bankruptcy offences. The former world number one hid more than £2 million worth of assets from officials when he was formally declared skint in 2017. It’s the conclusion to a sad, drawn out decline for the BBC pundit, whose reputation as a sporting great has been overshadowed in headlines in recent years by his catastrophic financial problems. Displaying his characteristic humility, Becker turned up to court wearing a Wimbledon tie, the tournament he won for the first time when he was 17. The day before he had been spotted loitering outside a flat on a council estate in Notting Hill before shopping in Harrods for a prison holdall. We could make various ‘justice is served’, ‘tennis court’ or ‘game, set and match’ jokes but Metro.co.uk is better than that and also can’t be bothered. TL;DR: Take your pick from any of the crap jokes above. That’s it, you’ve done the hard part. Here’s a wee treat. Our favourite weird story of the week concerns a house that was swallowed whole by an overgrown garden. It ticks all the local newspaper boxes, this one: a bizarre development, indignant neighbours, a powerless cash-strapped council. In short, bushes and vines had become so outsized at this Kent property that they quite literally devoured a terraced house. When the foliage was finally cleared away, a van was discovered beneath the thick growth. Apparently the situation has been in the making for more than decade, although no one seems to have a clue why, and only now is something being done about it. Neighbours were predictably furious – which is only slightly less common than ‘shocked’ – and the postman, unwilling to do an Indiana Jones every morning, refused to deliver to the address anymore. One nearby resident described it as ‘an enigma wrapped in bush’, which – and bear in mind Metro.co.uk has been doing this journalism business for a long time now – is literally the funniest thing a randomer has ever said to a reporter sent to get some generic local reaction to a story of minor import. TL;DR: An enigma wrapped in a bush. Genius. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.