WARNING: Graphic images Boris Johnson has now vowed not to rest ‘until justice is served’ as he condemned Russia’s ‘despicable attacks’ on Ukrainian civilians near Kyiv. The Prime Minister suggested Vladimir Putin and his forces would pay for the killings of civilians in Bucha and Irpin. He added that ‘no denial or disinformation from the Kremlin’ can conceal that the Russian President is ‘desperate’ and ‘his invasion is failing’. Mr Johnson’s interventions comes amid widespread horror around the globe at pictures emerging from around the Ukrainian capital as Russian forces retreat. Mutilated and booby-trapped bodies litter the streets of Bucha and Irpin, where countless civilians with their hands tied have been found dead, seemingly executed by Russian troops. An adviser to Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky said earlier that the scenes resembled a ‘horror movie’. Ukrainian soldiers used cables to drag bodies off one street from a distance amid fears they may be booby-trapped. In a statement this evening, Mr Johnson said the UK is ‘stepping up’ its sanctions and military support, and ‘bolstering’ humanitarian help for people on the ground. He said: ‘The UK has been at the forefront of supporting the International Criminal Court’s investigation into atrocities committed in Ukraine. ‘The Justice Secretary has authorised additional financial support and the deployment of specialist investigators – we will not rest until justice is served.’ Earlier, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said ‘indiscriminate’ attacks by Russian forces against innocent civilians in Irpin and Bucha must be investigated as war crimes. Ms Truss said Russia would not be allowed to cover up its involvement through ‘cynical disinformation’. President Volodymyr Zelensky’s spokesman Sergey Nikiforov said authorities in Ukraine had found what looked ‘exactly like war crimes’, including the bodies of executed civilians and mass graves. Mr Nikiforov told the BBC’s Sunday Morning programme: ‘We found mass graves. We found people with their hands and with their legs tied up… and with shots, bullet holes, in the back of their head. ‘They were clearly civilians and they were executed. ‘We found half-burned bodies as if somebody tried to hide their crimes but they didn’t have enough time to do it properly.’ United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres on Sunday said he was ‘deeply shocked’ by images of dead civilians in the Ukrainian town of Bucha, and he called for an independent investigation that ‘leads to effective accountability.’ Mr Guterres posted his comments on Twitter a day after witnesses and officials said that Russian troops killed almost 300 civilians as they withdrew from the town near Kyiv. The Russian defense ministry denied that Russian forces killed civilians in Bucha, saying that videos and photographs of bodies were ‘yet another provocation’ by the Ukrainian government. President Zelensky accused Russia of genocide amid the global backlash to the scenes in Bucha. Ukraine is demanding crippling new sanctions on Russia from major Western powers, while Germany said that those responsible for war crimes should pay. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Puppy rescued from Ukraine stolen and injured two days after arriving in UK