Mohamed Salah has provided an update on his contract talks with Liverpool, remaining coy on his future and refusing to confirm or deny if he is confident of a deal being reached. The Egyptian forward has been locked in talks with the Anfield club for several months, with his current deal set to expire in the summer of 2023. Liverpool have been reluctant to allow their star players to enter the final years of their contracts and risk losing them on free transfers, but the club and the player still appear to be some way apart in terms of the figures for a new deal. Salah has been one of Liverpool’s most influential players since joining the club from Roma in 2017, scoring 153 goals in 241 appearances and helping Jurgen Klopp’s side win the Premier League and Champions League. Asked for an update on his contract negotiations with Liverpool, Salah told Sky Sports: ‘Honestly there are many things people don’t know about it. ‘I can’t be selfish now and be talking about my situation when we are in the most important period of the season. I have to talk about the team and focus on the team, that’s the most important thing right now. ‘Hopefully we’re going to be more optimistic and then just see what’s going to happen.’ Asked if he was confident he would sign a new deal at Anfield, Salah added: ‘I can’t say yes, I can’t say no. I’ve said many times before what I want. ‘But I can’t go deep into the contract now because it’s a sensitive situation. I can’t be talking about my contract, I focus on the team, that’s it. ‘It doesn’t affect me, I’m very professional. I know what I’m doing so I’m not too bothered about it. I focus on the team and winning trophies and giving everything for the club.’ Salah’s comments come after Egypt’s sports minister claimed the 29-year-old intended to extend his stay at Liverpool. ‘I have advised him to continue his journey at a club other than Liverpool, but his direction now is to renew his contract,’ Ashraf Sobhi said.  Former Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, meanwhile, has warned Liverpool that Salah signing a new contract ‘solves one problem but creates another’. Speaking before Liverpool’s Champions League quarter-final first leg victory over Benfica, Wenger told beIN SPORTS: ‘It sorts one problem out and creates another one straight away. You’re sometimes in this position. ‘You have to do the maximum to keep this player knowing that other players are not far from him, but there is not enough money anymore to satisfy them because you’ve spent too much on this one. ‘He [Salah] has had an exceptional season and since he’s come in, every year he’s been better. He deserves his contract. ‘The only thing is that once they are 30 years old, it’s always how long do you sign then because you know the best paid is already over their peak.’ Liverpool travel to the Etihad Stadium on Sunday to face Manchester City, knowing a victory would see the Reds climb to the top of the Premier League and take charge of the title race. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 