More than 250 people crossed the Channel yesterday as criticism grows about the Government’s plan to send asylum seekers to Rwanda in an effort to dissuade the small boat crossings. Figures from the Ministry of Defence suggest some 255 people took advantage of the warm weather to brave the perilous crossing in seven boats yesterday. It comes after 181 migrants braved the crossing on Friday, with more expected over the Easter weekend. That means more than 6,000 people have been brought ashore in the UK after crossing from France in small boats so far this year. On Thursday, the Royal Navy took over ‘operational command’ of handling migrants crossing the Channel as part of another Government shake-up which will see the planned transfer of asylum seekers to Rwanda. The scheme has been widely blasted by experts, charities, civil servants and the Archbishop of Canterbury, and labelled ‘shamefully cruel’. Now even former UKIP leader and anti-immigration commentator Nigel Farage has branded the Navy’s involvement a ‘waste of time and resources’. He claimed the vessels used are ‘too high’ to take people on board, so their role is limited to towing back empty dinghies. A MoD spokeswoman said the patrol vessels are being used to bolster the capability in the Channel until ‘more appropriate’ boats are sourced. A total of 651 people on 18 boats were rescued or intercepted on Wednesday April 13, making it the highest number in a day so far this year. A further 562 arrived on Thursday on 14 boats, which brought the total for the year above 6,000, according to figures collected by the PA news agency. A record 1,185 people made the crossing to the UK on November 11, 2021 – the highest recorded so far since the start of 2020. In March this year, 3,066 people made the crossing. That is nearly four times the amount recorded for the same month in 2021 (831) and more than 16 times the number in March 2020 (187). A total of 28,395 people made the crossing in 2021, compared with 8,417 in 2020. Earlier today, Jacob Rees-Mogg claimed that migrants crossing the Channel in small boats ‘supporting organised crime’. The Cabinet minister, speaking on Radio 4’s The World This Weekend programme, said he disagrees with the Archbishop of Canterbury’s interpretation of the Government’s new immigration policy to send asylum seekers to Rwanda. In his Easter sermon, Justin Welby said ‘sub-contracting out our responsibilities, even to a country that seeks to do well, like Rwanda, is the opposite of the nature of God’. But Mr Rees-Mogg said of those comments: ‘I think he misunderstands what the policy is trying to achieve, and that it isn’t an abandonment of responsibility, it is in fact a taking on of a very difficult responsibility. ‘The problem that is being dealt with is that people are risking their lives in the hands of people traffickers, to get into this country illegally. Now, it’s not the illegal bit of it, it is the encouragement of people traffickers that needs to be stopped.’ He said ‘90% of people coming are young men who by coming via people traffickers are jumping the queue for others’. Mr Rees-Mogg added: ‘They are in doing so not only risking their lives but supporting organised crime. What we need to do is focus on legal routes into this country of which there are quite a number.’ Humanitarian groups disagree, with the policy savaged by experts across the board. The UN has also said it believes the idea breaks international law. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Boris told sending migrants to the Ritz ‘will be cheaper than Rwanda’