Dog toys that don’t last are terrible for the planet and horrible for your bank account. That’s why we need toys that can stand up to the roughest playing – so which ones are worth your money? We got hold of eight toys with the best reviews, recruiting a team of destructive dogs and giving them permission to absolutely annihilate their toys. Despite this, most of the toys are still standing, which we’re pleasantly surprised/super impressed by. If you’re looking for a toy than can stand the test of time, read on. Tested by: Duke, two-year-old Fox Red Labrador from Poole As well as having a great name, this toy has done a fantastic job at keeping our tester Duke entertained. The large ball makes a giggle noise when it’s pushed around, to stimulate your dog – and it doesn’t need batteries. Duke’s had his ball for two months now and it’s still intact and functional – the larger size means its hard for him to get his jaws around it and bite down or throw it around (which is how he breaks most of his other toys). However, he still manages to push and chase the ball around the house and garden, so his owners don’t leave him alone with it when they’re out in case he breaks something, as it’s quite heavy. They reckon it would be perfect to leave with a slightly calmer dog when you leave the house, as it will keep them entertained. While his owners find the giggle noise slightly irritating after a while, Duke loves it. Overall, the ball is great value for £14.99. Buy for £14.99 from JML Tested by: Jessie, one-year-old Springador from Cornwall Our tester Jessie got lucky as she received a bumper kit from K9Connectables, featuring the entire range – a whopping six toys, which all connect together with over one million possible combinations. The kits are available in three different sizes, depending on your dog, and you can also buy toys individually, from £8.99. Jessie’s had these for over two months now and all are unscathed, except the Yes Bone Pro (the long, yellow one), which is made of a different material to the rest. However, the website does state that this nylon toy can become marked by teeth. Her owner says the toys are amazing and Jessie plays with them every day. You can put treats in them to keep your dog occupied – Jessie loves peanut butter or wet dog food and it takes her a long time to get at the contents, keeping her entertained and giving her owner peace for hours. We think these are great value as they’re durable and provide plenty of stimulation for your dog. Buy from £70.99 from K9Connectables Tested by: Stanley, two-year-old Boston Terrier from Hertfordshire Durable dog toys aren’t always the most aesthetically pleasing, but not in this case – it has many benefits of a plush toy, without the fragility. Taking two years to develop, the toy is puncture and tear resistant, with internal stitching for more secure seams. It can be put in the washing machine, to free it from dog slobber. As well as shark, the toy comes in other designs like crocodile, kangaroo and koala – no surprise that this is an Australian brand. Our tester Stanley has unlimited energy and becomes obsessed with toys – especially when they have a squeaker, like this does – so his owners were incredibly happy at finding a toy that he hasn’t destroyed. Thy were so impressed, they’ve bought him one of the other designs. So, this definitely has the seal of approval. Buy for £16.99 from D For Dog Tested by: Sherlock, three-year-old street dog from Sri Lanka Sherlock will go at a soft toy until he’s managed to completely gut it and remove the stuffing, but it took him a good couple of months before he managed to get anywhere with this. The narwhal tusk is currently partly detached but still hanging on for dear life – it has been for weeks – and he hasn’t been able to get any of the stuffing out. Result. The toy is great as it has a number of elements to amuse your dog – a puncture-proof squeaker, crinkly fins, and a gap in the middle so they can get a good grip on it as a tugger toy. Despite technically being a soft toy, it’s solid and durable – the panels are reinforced and woven together with double stitching – the best of both worlds. The toy lives in our garden and has been rained on multiple times (tropical storms are no joke), but it’s still looking good. An added bonus is that it’s made from recycled materials, so minimises impact on the planet. We love a toy that looks good and does the job, so we’re big fans. Buy for £11.99 from Beco Tested by: Sandy, eight-year-old Pug/Poodle cross from Worcestershire This may well be the most realistic bone toy we’ve ever seen – even Metro tester Sandy didn’t like it at first, but she got used to it over a few days. The toy smells of bacon, but not enough to bother her owners. It has raised bristles to help clean your dog’s teeth and prevent build-up of tartar. Sandy chews on this a couple of times a day and her owners leave it in her bed to play with, as it’s too big/heavy for a dog of her size to carry around. However, she loves a good gnaw on it, especially in the evenings. She’s not managed to make a dent in this, and her owners think – given her size – it will take a while to show any signs of wear. They say it’s super robust and reckon Sandy will have this for a long time to come, so we’d say this is excellent value for £7. Buy for £7 from Wilko Tested by: Alani, three-year-old French Bulldog from London If you’re looking for a plush toy that your dog can chew as well as cuddle, this may be the one. While it looks more like a cob of corn than a banana, Alani still loves it, and has really put it through its paces. In fact, so did the other dog she lives with – we were sent a video of them tugging the toy between them, which they’d been doing from the moment they got it. Sadly, the toy only lasted three weeks before it was completely disembowelled, but her owner was seriously impressed it lasted that long, given the circumstances. The banana-corn hybrid had crinkly sides and a squeaker to keep Alani entertained, and while it didn’t stand the test of time (or teeth), we reckon it would be a good choice for a calmer, dog. Buy for £6 from Pets At Home Tested by: Harry, four-year-old Chihuahua from Liverpool This buoyant foam disc is from Ruffwear, a company that makes dog life jackets, so it’s no surprise they had the genius to make a floating dog toy. The disc comes in two sizes and tiny tester Harry was sent the smallest one. While it’s not the sort of toy she plays with by herself, she’s been having a lot of fun chasing after it at the beach, and playing tug of war with her owner. Thankfully, while the disc is tough, it’s still soft enough not to damage Harry’s gnashers. Despite Harry’s razor-sharp Chihuahua teeth (don’t get on the wrong side of her…), the toy is still intact, thanks to its abrasion-resistant fabric and flexible shape. A bit pricey for a throw toy, but if it lasts years then it’s definitely worth the investment. Buy for £28.95 from Ruffwear Tested by: Buster, three-year-old mongrel from Cambridgeshire We love this one as it reminds us of those candy ring pops from our youth, but tester Buster wasn’t so sure about it at first. However, he soon realised there’s a rawhide treat attached (five are included and you can buy refills, or use the toy without). The treat took Buster a good few days to finish, and while he’s chewed the ring trying to get to the rawhide disc, there’s no visible damage – likely because the jewel part is made from thermoplastic rubber i.e. what the soles of your trainers are made from. This makes the toy strong and flexible. Buster’s owner reckons the toy is a little big for him (he’s 12kg) so this would be better suited to larger dogs who need lots of stimulation – the toy kept Buster entertained for ages. Buy for £15.99 from WufWuf This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. MORE : Dogs and their owners review aesthetically pleasing dog bowls MORE : Rescue dog has his bags packed but nowhere to go MORE : Dogs and their owners review eight of the best pup-friendly subscription boxes