What do you do when you’re low on energy levels and can’t shift your brain into gear? Have an energy drink? A double espresso? Being unable to concentrate when you’ve got a lot on is an absolute nightmare, and a caffeine fix is usually a great immediate solution. But, in excess, caffeine can leave you feeling anxious, restless and, all in all, less focused than before. But what’s the alternative? There are actually many natural remedies that can be used to boost energy without reaching for the Red Bull – these are called adaptogens. ‘An adaptogen is a natural substance that may have a positive impact on your cognitive functioning, mood, and overall stress levels,’ says Amy Peacock, founder of the natural supplement brand, Earth’s Secret. ‘Used for centuries in Indian Ayurvedic and ancient Chinese medicine, adaptogens can help you feel calmer and more focused starting at the molecular level,’ she explains. ‘By lowering the body’s cortisol levels, research shows that adaptogens can have an “anti-fatigue effect” on the body, helping to bring clarity and balance.’ Perfect for studying, Rhodiola Rosea is a popular Ayurvedic Adaptogenic herb. According to Peacock, the vikings used this herb to enhance physical and mental performance. ‘It is said to be the ideal studying Nootropic as it can help to increase concentration and focus,’ says Peacock. ‘Clinical studies have shown it has the ability to reduce fatigue, enhance cognitive performance and produce an “anti-fatigue” effect in participants.’ In Ayurvedic medicine, Holy Basil is referred to as an ‘Elixir of Life’. ‘This is due to its healing powers and cognition-enhancing properties,’ explains Peacock. Studies have shown that Holy Basil can improve mood and cognitive function significantly. ‘Holy Basil has been said to be like yoga, with its calming effect that can lead to clarity of thought, along with a more relaxed and calm disposition,’ Peacock adds. Lastly, there’s L-theanine, which you may be more familiar with than you realise. It’s a naturally calming amino acid found in green tea leaves and mushrooms. ‘L-theanine has commonly been used for its Nootropic abilities, as it may boost Alpha and Theta brain waves, which can enhance creativity and focus,’ says Peacock. ‘Clinical studies have shown that L-theanine supplementation had positive effects in improving cognitive-enhancement in healthy adults.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Covid brain is tougher than you think – it’s taken me months to recover MORE : ‘It’s not just pretty girls with pom-poms’ – inside England’s ‘Cheer’ scene MORE : The side you sleep on makes a difference to your health – so which is best?