Vladimir Putin stands accused of using gas supplies as ‘blackmail’ for its invasion of Ukraine after abruptly turning off the taps on Poland and Bulgaria. Russian energy giant Gazprom announced it would suspend deliveries after the president’s demand that all bills must be paid in roubles, which was rejected by Polish and Bulgarian leaders. European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen condemned what she called ‘yet another attempt by Russia to use gas as an instrument of blackmail’. But as European Union officials opened energy talks, she said the Kremlin had ‘failed once again in its attempt to sow division amongst member states’. She added: ‘The era of Russian fossil fuel in Europe is coming to an end.’ Polish prime minister Mateusz Morawiecki said he believed the cut-off was revenge for sanctions Warsaw has imposed, targeting 50 Russian oligarchs and companies including Gazprom. Bulgarian prime minister Kiril Petkov called it ‘a gross violation’, vowing: ‘We will not succumb to such a racket.’ Meanwhile, foreign secretary Liz Truss used her Mansion House speech to demand a cut-off of oil and gas imports from Russia ‘once and for all’. Russia has continued to bomb Ukraine, yesterday claiming its air force had demolished 59 military targets overnight including an arms depot in Zaporizhzhia holding weapons from the US and Europe. Defiant Putin told his country’s parliament his ‘special military operation’ will be ‘unconditionally fulfilled’. But Russia also reported a series of blasts in the south of its own territory and a fire at an ammunition depot. The explosions followed a major fire at a Russian oil storage facility in Bryansk. Without confirming responsibility for the blasts, Ukraine’s presidential adviser Mykhailo Podolyak said ‘karma is a cruel thing’. He added: ‘If you decide to massively attack another country — massively kill everyone there, massively crush peaceful people with tanks and use warehouses in your regions to enable the killings — then sooner or later debts have to be repaid.’ Ukraine has also dismantled a 27ft monument in the centre of Kyiv erected in 1982 to symbolise friendship with Russia. Mayor Vitali Klitschko said: ‘We now see what this “friendship” is — destruction of Ukrainian cities… killing tens of thousands of peaceful people.’ Meanwhile, Boris Johnson has said the 287 MPs sanctioned by Russia yesterday should regard it as a ‘badge of honour’. Moscow banned them from entering the country in retaliation over the UK’s response to the invasion of Ukraine. Tory former chief whip Mark Harper said he was ‘proud’ to be included, while former Brexit secretary David Davis wondered: ‘How will I ever cope?’ However, 18 of those sanctioned for ‘Russophobic hysteria’ are no longer MPs – prompting mockery at Kremlin ‘bungling’. Despite the measures, the prime minister said the Commons would continue its ‘robust and principled support’ for Ukraine. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.