Five police officers will be investigated for gross misconduct over the stop and search of two elite black athletes who were driving through London with their baby. Bianca Williams, who was a sprinter for Team GB, and her partner Ricardo Dos Santos were told to stop as they travelled through Maida Vale in the west of the city. Five officers searched the couple for weapons and drugs, finding nothing, before recording details of their three-month-old baby on the Merlin police database for children known to the authorities. Footage of the incident on July 2020 went viral, with Ms Williams accusing the police of racial profiling them. The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) said today that an acting police sergeant and four police constables will all face a gross misconduct disciplinary hearing over the incident. Regional director Sal Naseem said: ‘All five officers will face allegations they breached police standards of professional behaviour for duties and responsibilities and for equality and diversity. ‘Four of them also face allegations that they breached the standards for use of force and for authority, respect and courtesy. ‘Three of the five – all police constables – will face allegations that they breached the standards for honesty and integrity and one will face an allegation they breached the police standards of professional behaviour for orders and instructions. ‘These matters were assessed as gross misconduct so it will be for the disciplinary panel, led by an independent legally qualified chair to determine whether or not the allegations are proven.’ If gross misconduct is proven, the officers could face the sack. A sixth officer will attend a misconduct meeting with force bosses over alleged breaches of the standards for authority, respect and courtesy, duties and responsibilities and for use of force, assessed as misconduct. In a statement issued through the couple’s lawyers, Bianca Williams said: ‘I welcome this decision and hope this opens the door for the Met to start being more honest and reflective about the culture of racism which is undoubtedly still a reality within the organisation. ‘A clear focus on the racism problem within the Met by the IOPC is long overdue.’ Ricardo Dos Santos said: ‘This has been a long journey, and one which has not been easy. ‘We have been engaged in this process for nearly two years, and who knows how much longer we will now have to wait for the conclusion of the misconduct proceedings? ‘This sheds a light on how difficult it is to ensure the police are held responsible for their failings.’ Deputy Assistant Commissioner Bas Javid, from the Met’s Directorate of Professionalism, apologised for the distress caused to the couple. He said: ‘I acknowledge the IOPC’s direction in this case. We have co-operated fully with the IOPC’s investigation and, in accordance with their direction, are now arranging for an independently-led misconduct hearing to take place. ‘I am sorry for the distress that this incident clearly caused Ms Williams and Mr Dos Santos.’ Criticism was also levelled at the-then deputy commissioner Sir Stephen House and former commissioner Dame Cressida Dick for comments they made publicly defending the officers involved. Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said: ‘This incident was understandably deeply distressing for Bianca Williams and Ricardo Dos Santos, and I, like many Londoners, was disturbed by the footage of what happened. ‘I welcome the independent investigation by the IOPC and its findings. It is important there is no further delay and these officers now face gross misconduct proceedings as soon as possible. ‘This case is yet another example of why it is vital that the next Commissioner has a more effective plan to tackle the serious cultural issues within the Met Police and to regain the trust of Londoners.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.