With summer fast-approaching, social occasions on the up and prices for basic necessities are becoming more and more unmanageable – so it’s no surprise if all you can think about right now is your budget. Even seasoned budgeting veterans are likely to be rethinking their every move at the moment. With endless ways to save and spend, it can feel like navigating a minefield trying to work out the most practical way to budget – whether it’s monthly or weekly. We asked a budgeting expert to share the best way to go about setting your budget. This is what they had to say… The annoying answer to the question of whether you should organise your finances by week or month is that it truly depends on how much disposable income you have left after your bills. ‘If you’ve got a decent amount of cash left over after your bills you can work on a monthly basis,’ says Jasmine Birtles, CEO of self-help money site MoneyMagpie. ‘But if things are really tight and you’re on a low budget, or you’re really worried about the bills, then I would say go on a weekly budget – because you’ll be more able to keep on top of it.’ That being said, though, Jasmine actually thinks that most people should do a little bit of both. ‘We all need to have an idea in the back of our heads of how much money we’ve got to play with each month and each week,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. Jasmine recommends calculating your fixed costs on a monthly basis – including any annual costs, like a TV license, which you can divide by 12 to work out how much you need to save for them each month. ‘Once you know what you’ve got coming in each month, take away your monthly expenditures and you’ll know how much you’ve got to play with each month,’ Jasmine says. ‘Then, divide that number by roughly four (or five if it’s a five-week month), and then you know how much you’ve got to work with each week.’ This method, while it might make managing big purchases on things like new furniture or unexpected car costs a little more difficult, it does stop you from running out of money a week before payday. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Five expert tips to save money on your food shop MORE : Nutritionist shares top tips for staying healthy on a budget MORE : Is it cheaper to buy an electric heater rather than put the heating on?