The Wanted star Max George has shared an emotional tribute for his best friend, Tom Parker, following his death earlier this week. Parker died at the age of 33 after battling a stage four glioblastoma brain tumour for almost two years. Sharing a string of photos of the pair of them, Max, 33, wrote: ‘Tom, my brother, my boy, my band mate, my best bud.. You lit up so many lives all over the world but I can only speak on behalf of mine. ‘From the minute I met you, I knew this was gonna be a special chapter in my life. I was right. We did everything together, some amazing things, some outrageous things. ‘Im so proud of what we achieved as band mates and as brothers. I’m also proud that I was there the night you met Kels. I remember saying to you, ‘you like her don’t you?’.. to which you replied, ‘bro, like you wouldn’t believe’. You two really are like peas and carrots.’ Max added: ‘Thank you for choosing me as your friend. It was an honour from day one. I’m so grateful I was with you until the very end. The courage and dignity I have witnessed over the last few months surpassed the lion I already knew you were. ‘The huge hole now left in my life will forever be there, but I know your spirit will live on through your two beautiful babies, your wonderful wife, our music, your fans and in my heart. ‘I’m heartbroken beyond words right now and I cannot even begin to imagine what the future holds without you, but whatever I do going forward, even on my darkest days, I can always smile and say, “I shared the stage with Tom Parker”. ‘I am going to miss you so much. I love you mate. Always. George.’ The Wanted, made up of Parker and Max along with Nathan Sykes, Jay McGuinness and Siva Kaneswaran, formed in 2005. They performed their final shows together on a UK tour just days before Parker’s death. Parker died on Wednesday, with his wife Kelsey confirming the heartbreaking news. She said: ‘It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side. ‘Our hearts are broken. ‘Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. ‘Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout. He fought until the very end.’ ‘We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children.’ ‘Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout. He fought until the very end.’ Last year, Parker revealed that the tumour was stable after having an MRI scan, and recently underwent special treatment at a clinic in the Costa Del Sol, Spain, where fees are £8,000 for two weeks, or £11.6k for a three-week programme. Life expectancy for those diagnosed with glioblastoma is around 12 to 18 months, according to the Brain Tumour Research charity. Parker had detailed his battle with brain cancer in a documentary and via social media, telling his fans that it had been brought ‘under control’ in November 2021.He had announced last week that he was writing a book about his battle, which is due to be released in July. MORE : Tom Parker’s episode of Pointless to air weeks earlier than planned in tribute to The Wanted star MORE : The Wanted’s Nathan Sykes shares heartbreaking tour video after Tom Parker’s death: ‘Our lives will never be the same’ 