Ralf Rangnick is hopeful protesting Manchester United supporters will still back the team when they take on Norwich City on Saturday. On Friday, a group of supporters held peaceful anti-Glazer protests outside United’s Carrington training complex. Two banners protesting the Glazer family’s ownership of the club were displayed with further action set to take place outside Old Trafford ahead of Saturday’s game. Organisers of Saturday’s demonstration have called for fans to not enter the stadium until 3:17pm – representing the 17 years the club has been owned by the American family dating back to Malcom Glazer’s purchase in 2005. United’s hopes of finishing in the top four are all but dead after just one win in their last five league games and when addressing questions over Saturday’s protest, Rangnick insisted the players still have a duty to give the fans reason to back the team. ‘I don’t know what they have on their mind but I’ve heard they want to come 17 minutes late for 17 years,’ Rangnick said. ‘Even if they do that then after those 17 minutes hopefully they’re still backing the team and getting behind us. ‘But how much they do that depends on what we show on the pitch, so it’s a game of give and take. We cannot expect them just to support us no matter what’s on the pitch. ‘I don’t think so far we’ve had to deal with [playing against a negative backdrop]. The support of the fans has been massive, no matter if it’s home or away. So far, we haven’t had that situation where they turned their emotions against the team. ‘I can understand it, it’s a game of passion and emotion. Whenever we come to the ground, be it away or at home, they’re receiving the players with love and passion. ‘But it’s up to us to them that we still care, that the coaching staff care and that the players care and try and get the best out of it and try and win the game.’ MORE : ‘I think he would be up to the level’ – Diego Forlan backs Darwin Nunez to thrive at Manchester United MORE : Teenage sensation Alejandro Garnacho in contention to make Manchester United debut against Norwich City For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 