A dealer who took a drugs hotline to Alton Towers has been jailed for five years for supplying crack cocaine and heroin. Mohammed Arslan Ali, from Erdington in Birmingham, was caught trying to scratch the number off the phone’s SIM card when police carried out a dawn raid on his family home in November. The 25-year-old’s phone was taken to London and the Staffordshire theme park as part of his county lines operation, and sent bulk marketing messages to more than 100 customers offering ‘very gud gear’ [sic]. Another message boasted of ‘new fire gear’ and ‘new stone’ as he looked to sell the Class A substances to users between Birmingham and Worcestershire via the ‘Shak Line’. Bodycam footage released by West Midlands Police shows officers smashing down Ali’s door, where the dealer told customers they could buy the drugs between 9am to 9pm every day. One officer can be heard asking the criminal: ‘I need to know if you’ve got any phones [here]. You’ve got that one which you were messing about with when I came in. ‘Have you got anything else here? Any drugs or cash? We’ll turn this place upside down.’ Ali, bleary-eyed and handcuffed in his dressing gown, shakes his head: ‘No, do what you want.’ The officer replies: ‘We will. We definitely will.’ Police ended up finding Class A drugs, dealer bags, cash and high-value items as part of the raid – despite Ali having no legal income. Detective constable Ollie Payne, from West Midlands Police, said: ‘The drugs line had been used with numerous mobile devices and the primary device recovered from Ali’s home address during the warrant. ‘We suspect he used drugs runners to carry out the street deals on his behalf while he tried to distance himself from the dirty work. ‘It’s shocking that Ali was running a drugs supply line from his family home and dealing in crack cocaine and heroin around children.’ Ali admitted supplying drugs between April 25 and November 4 last year and was given a five-year sentence at Birmingham Crown Court last week. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.