More fines have been handed out to Downing Street staff who partied into the small hours on the eve of Prince Philip’s funeral. The raucous party – which happened while the rest of us were in lockdown and at a time when the Queen had to mourn alone – kicked off with an aide being sent out to buy alcohol. That member of staff was given a suitcase to go to a supermarket to buy wine for a leaving do for former director of communications James Slack. Later in the evening takeaway pizzas were ordered in and some staffers even used a slide that belonged to Boris Johnson’s son. Number 10 has previously apologised for the gathering on April 16 and it is not believed Boris Johnson was at this particular event. However, he still may be fined for attendance at another gathering. Revelations about the party marked a low point in the partygate scandal for the Mr Johnson, who was forced to issue a chastened apology to Buckingham Palace. The day after the party, images of the Queen sitting alone at her husband’s funeral in order to observe social-distancing guidelines received universal praise. According to the BBC, the fines confirming the rules were broke at the April 16 event were part of the first tranche of 20 fines issued last week. The PM is expected to avoid being interviewed by the Met but could still be fined. ITV’s political editor Robert Peston said Mr Johnson won’t meet with detectives but added: ‘Paradoxically that means (Mr Johnson) is more likely to be fined’. ‘The Met are not interviewing those who received questionnaires and are in the frame to be fined’. Downing Street has committed to making it public if the prime minister or cabinet secretary Simon Case are fine but other details will be kept secret. Conservative MP Steve Brine on Sunday night called for transparency about who has been issued with fines. Speaking to BBC Radio 4’s Westminster Hour, the MP for Winchester joined call for transparency over fines. He said: ‘They should just be honest about who’s been tipped off with what and put it all out there and say, you know what, we got this wrong, or this person’s got this fine, because these guys in the press, they won’t focus on the issues of the local election, they’ll scratch around and try and dig all this stuff up again.” The Met is investigating 12 events, including as many as six that Mr Johnson is said to have attended, and has sent out more than 100 questionnaires. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.