A cabinet minister has said the UK will respond and ‘all options are on the table’ if it is proven Vladimir Putin used chemical weapons in Ukraine. It was claimed last night that Russia had dropped an unknown poisonous substance on Mariupol, leading to the city’s defenders suffering from breathing issues. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has said her department is working with partners to verify the allegations, which came from soldiers in the Azov regiment. She tweeted: ‘Reports that Russian forces may have used chemical agents in an attack on the people of Mariupol. We are working urgently with partners to verify details. ‘Any use of such weapons would be a callous escalation in this conflict and we will hold Putin and his regime to account.’ Asked what that escalation might mean, armed forces minister James Heappey said ‘all options are on the table’. He said: ‘We know that there are reports of the use of chemical weapons. ‘We have not been able to verify those ourselves, and indeed the Ukrainian system, as you’ve seen from President Zelensky, are only referring to the fact that there are reports, they themselves haven’t yet been able to confirm to us that they have been used. ‘These are appalling weapons to even think about using and the fact that they are part of the discussion is deeply sobering. ‘It’s not just the president of the United States, the president of France and our own Prime Minister have also been clear that there are weapons that simply should not be used and if they are used people will be held to account.’ He would not got into detail about what the UK’s next steps could be, telling presenter Kay Burley: ‘I think it’s useful to maintain some ambiguity.. over exactly what the response would be.’ However he said any response ‘would certainly be effective, but it would also be well considered’. He added: ‘Let’s be clear, if they are used at all then President Putin should know that all possible options are on the table in terms of how the West might respond.’ It has long been feared that Putin would resort to chemical warfare as he grows more frustrated with his failing invasion. World leaders have previously suggested that the barbaric tactic would be the ‘red line’ he would have to cross for the west to intervene directly in the war. After chemical weapons were used in Syria, the UK approved airstrikes with France and the US targeting government facilities suspected to be storing them. Last night, Mariupol’s Azov regiment reported soldiers were left dizzy and unable to breathe after a ‘poisonous substance of unknown origin’ was dropped on them from a Russian drone. It came hours after Mariupol’s mayor said more than 10,000 civilians have died in the Russian siege of his city and the death toll could surpass 20,000. Western officials think Russia wants to bring about the fall of Mariupol to both free up troops for the fight in the Donbas but also to create a route north for the Kremlin’s forces as they look to form a pincer movement on Ukrainian defenders in the east. Britain is increasingly worried that Russia could use white phosphorus munitions in the bombardment of the city. White phosphorus is used for illumination at night or to create a smokescreen, but when it is deployed as a weapon it causes horrific burns. Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky admitted in an evening address on Monday that the Russians might deploy chemical weapons, although he fell short of saying they had definitely been used already in Mariupol. ‘We treat this with the utmost seriousness,’ he said of the claims. ‘I would like to remind world leaders that the possible use of chemical weapons by the Russian military has already been discussed. ‘And already at that time it meant that it was necessary to react to the Russian aggression much harsher and faster.’ The alleged attack came just hours after a pro-Russian general in the Donbas region appeared to promote the idea of using chemical weapons, telling state media it would ‘smoke the Ukrainian moles out of the underground.’ Meanwhile, Ukraine’s Parliament tweeted to say it has received reports of Russian forces firing ‘nitric acid’ in Donetsk and warned local residents to wear ‘protective face masks soaked in soda solution’. It is not clear if the incidents are linked. In a separate interview with LBC, Mr Heappey revealed Ukrainian soldiers would be trained  on UK soil to help in their fight against Russia. He said that a contingent of Ukrainian troops will be shown how to drive and command UK-supplied armoured vehicles in Britain. Last week, the UK pledged to send £100m worth of high-grade military equipment to Ukraine as well as 120 armoured vehicles. Mr Heappey said: ‘We are getting as much to the Ukrainian MoD as we can. ‘120 armoured vehicles are in the process of being made ready and the Ukrainian troops that will operate those will arrive in the UK in the next few days to learn how to drive and command those vehicles. ‘There’s more anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons systems we’re sending. There are precision guided weapons.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.