A Polish transport worker has won a £9,000 payout for race discrimination after his manager ordered him to stop speaking in his mother tongue. Team leader Neil Wailes ‘exploded’ at Slawomir Rowinski when he was speaking in his native language and told him: ‘I’m really p*****d off with people who do not speak English at work’, an employment tribunal heard. Mr Rowinski, 48, complained to bossed at logistics firm, Kuehne & Nagel, saying he only spoke Polish during breaks and when necessary to teach trainees with ‘limited’ English. But managers insisted Mr Wailes was ‘well within his rights’ to tell him not to speak Polish at work, in line with the company’s language policy. However, an employment tribunal ruled the way Mr Rowinski had been spoken to could not be justified and he had been discriminated against due to his race. The father-of-one, who moved from Wroclaw in western Poland to the UK 18 years ago, was hired in part due to his language skills. He worked as a team leader at the Kuehne and Nagel’s site in Reading, Berkshire, where half the employees did not speak English as their first language. However, the company, which operates worldwide, enforce a policy stating the ‘language of business’ is English. According to the company’s code of conduct, conversing in other languages can, in ‘some instances’ create an atmosphere which is ‘exclusive’ and ‘potentially disrespectful of others’. But the company acknowledged there were some circumstances, such as speaking to delivery drivers from external companies, when using other languages was deemed ‘acceptable’. The tribunal, in Reading, heard how Mr Wailes approached Mr Rowinski in an ‘aggressive and hostile’ manner while he was speaking to a trainee in Polish in July 2019. But Mr Wailes claims he stepped in after another colleague asked Mr Rowinski to speak English during training. The following month Mr Wailes approached Mr Rowinski in a ‘rude and aggressive manner’ after he briefly spoke to a co-worker in Polish, the hearing was told. He then delivered a briefing to remind staff of the language policy – ‘practically shouting’ with what Mr Rowinski described as a ‘smile of satisfaction on his face’. When he reacted to the way the briefing had been conducted, Mr Wailes told him: ‘So go away, you do not need to be here – off you go’. Mr Rowinski complained Polish workers were being ignored during a grievance meeting in October. But bosses defended Mr Wailes, saying he was simply following company policy. An appeal by Mr Rowinski was later rejected. Employment judge, Andrew Gumbiti-Zumuto, ruled ‘no such breach’ of a company’s language policy would justify the ‘rude and aggressive way’ Mr Wailes had spoken to him and awarded Mr Rowinski £8973.63 in compensation for race discrimination. ‘We doubt that a reasonable employer aware of the all the circumstances would view Mr Rowinski’s action (speaking in Polish to the trainee) as a breach of the policy. ‘Even if he was in technical breach of the policy, no such breach would justify Neil Wailes speaking to him in a rude and aggressive way as he did.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.