Vladimir Putin’s spokesman has admitted a ‘signifcant’ loss of troops in Ukraine, after weeks of claiming Russia’s ‘special military operation’ was going well. NATO estimates between 7,000 to 15,000 Russian soldiers died in the first six weeks of the war, while Ukraine puts the toll at 18,600. The last toll announced by the Kremlin was 1,351 on March 25, and as of Wednesday, official Russian sources had published the names of 1,083 dead servicemen. One-fifth of those listed were officers, prompting suspicion that large numbers of deaths among low-ranking soldiers and conscripts were going unreported. Dmitry Peskov refused to comment on the figures but insisted the ‘huge tragedy’ of Russian deaths was worthwhile since Ukraine has become an ‘anti-Russian centre’ in the wake of Putin’s annexation of Crimea eight years ago. Speaking to Sky News, he hinted for the first time that the Kremlin is eager to end the conflict soon, adding: ‘Our military are doing their best to bring an end to that operation. ‘And we do hope that in coming days, in the foreseeable future, this operation will reach its goals or will finish it by the negotiations between Russian and Ukrainian delegation.’ His comments come after Russia was suspended from the UN Human Rights Council over widespread reports of ‘gross and systematic violations and abuses of human rights’ by its troops. The move was triggered after 93 members voted in favour, while 24 voted against it and 58 abstained. Evidence of mass civilian executions, torture and rapes in the formerly occupied town of Bucha emerging throughout the week has been followed by fresh accusations of ‘much worse’ abuses in Borodyanka, near Kyiv. Conflict experts say heavy casualties on the Russian side may be a factor in the distorted psyche of soldiers committing unspeakable atrocities. In what was his first televised interview with Western media, Mr Peskov, who is Putin’s press secretary, claimed the verified photos and satellite images of dead civilians were a ‘bold fake’. ‘We deny the Russian military can have something in common with these atrocities and that dead bodies were shown on the streets of Bucha’, he said, adding that ‘we’re living in days of fakes and lies’. Pressed to disclose Russia’s count of civilian deaths in the war, Peskov refused to answer as the numbers were not ‘double confirmed’. He continued: ‘We have significant losses of troops and it’s a huge tragedy for us.’ Peskov has a daughter Elisaveta Peskova, who last month posted ‘no to war’ on her Instagram page before deleting it shortly after. Peskov, his daughter and his current wife, Olympic champion ice dancer wife, Tatiana Navka, have all been hit with asset freezes and travel bans by Western countries including the US. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.