Kate Garraway was in for an emotional surprise on Friday’s Good Morning Britain when she met and embraced a nurse who she discovered had cared for her husband Derek Draper in hospital. We’re Going On A Bear Hunt author Michael Rosen appeared on today’s programme, speaking about his ordeal when he was in a coma after contracting Covid. The writer explained that he hadn’t met a nurse called Beth Dixon since she looked after him, during which she kept a diary as a memory keepsake of what happened when he was in the coma… and so Richard Bacon and Kate took him aback by welcoming her into the studio. Michael was stunned as he sat next to Beth on the sofa, before Kate asked if she had also looked after Derek, considering he and the author were beds away from each other on the same ward. ‘I have to ask you on a personal note, because you cared for Michael, and Derek, we’ve now found out was two beds away. Did you care for him?’ she asked. ‘I would have done, yeah,’ Beth said, as Kate’s jaw dropped in amazement. The nurse, who worked at Great Ormond Street Hospital before the pandemic, added: ‘We tried, we did everything that we could. We put our all into it.’ Kate suddenly felt an urge to get up and give Beth a hug, but not before double checking that they were allowed to do so, considering the past Covid measures. ‘Thank you so much. That is amazing. Gosh, I feel quite… I don’t know whether I can leap up and hug you but I’m going to. Thank you so much – that’s amazing,’ she said. Once given the go-ahead, she stood up and gave the medical worker a tight embrace. Kate replied: ‘Thank you so much. That is amazing. Gosh, I feel quite… I don’t know whether I can leap up and hug you but I’m going to. Thank you so much – that’s amazing. ‘Even just sitting here witnessing this is quite overwhelming, because you’ve got Beth saying, “We did everything we could for Derek,” the fact they were two beds away.’ Afterwards, Kate remarked: ‘I’m quite overwhelmed as I’ve not seen the faces of anyone from that time so it’s lovely.’ Kate’s husband Derek requires round-the-clock care after he tested positive and was hospitalised for coronavirus in March 2020. The former political lobbyist suffered organ damage as a result of his illness, with Kate releasing documentaries called Finding Derek and Caring For Derek about his experience and what it’s been like looking after him since his return home. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Richard Bacon forced to clarify it’s ‘very unlikely’ shoes can carry coronavirus after claim made by GMB guest MORE : Kate Garraway addresses possibility of I’m A Celebrity return in all-star series: ‘I could redeem myself!’ 