It’s not long until the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend on June 2-5 and, with it, the countrywide celebrations that will commence. From Windsor to Balmoral, here are the best events to get tickets to in the UK. Wherever you are, it’s going to be a weekend to remember. These are some things to check out… Balmoral Castle is the Queen’s Scottish sanctuary and an exhibition called Life At Balmoral gives a tantalising insight into all aspects of the estate, from fishing in the River Dee and displays of clothing the Queen wears when she’s here (below), to her dog-walking outfits and the toy cars once loved by her children. It will also unveil a modern art installation called Salmon School, previously displayed at COP26 in Glasgow. Book for £15 from Balmoral Castle Stay: In nearby Ballater, the cosy Deeside Inn has undergone a multimillion-pound transformation and reopens in May as the Balmoral Arms, with rooms from £174pn over the Jubilee weekend. Book at Crerar Hotels. Visiting this charming little town, where the Queen now resides, makes perfect sense as it’s the focus of many of the weekend’s main activities. These will include the lighting of the Windsor Platinum Jubilee beacon and fireworks on the Long Walk on Thursday, June 2, and a concert at St George’s Chapel on Friday, June 3. There’s a Jubilee Picnic In The Park on the Long Walk on Saturday, June 4, with a display of cars from different years of the Queen’s reign, ending with the Big Lunch on Sunday, June 5. Big screens will also show live events from London so you don’t miss a thing. Visit Windsor Platinum Jubilee. Stay: The Sir Christopher Wren Hotel is an elegant Georgian building on Thames Street, perched on the riverbank and allowing you to enjoy (the Queen’s) swans majestically passing the window as you enjoy breakfast. Jubilee weekend rooms start at £223.50pn including breakfast and a free drink of your choice when you book direct. Book at Sir Christopher Wren. Mayfair will be holding a street party to celebrate the Jubilee. Running the length of North Audley Street from June 2 to 3, it will feature a banqueting table, food stalls and live music. Visit Mayfair London. Stay: The ME London hotel on the Strand has a ‘Bring A Corgi, Stay Free’ offer until June 2 where you pay for one night and get a second free of charge. The Radio Rooftop restaurant will feature a Queen Elizabeth-themed brunch and cocktails. Book from £256pn at ME London Hotel. Southampton’s celebrations start with The Big Platinum Festival on June 5 in Mayflower Park. Think street-food stalls, cooking demos and a funfair as well as circus performers, DJs and a performance from aptly named tribute band Forever Queen. Elsewhere, landmarks including the City Art Gallery and O2 Guildhall building will be lit in red, white and blue, and there will be a QR Jubilee Beacon Trail treasure hunt (free). Book for £10 at The Big Platinum Festival. Stay: Room2 is a stylish, self-catering hotel. The Study (sleeps 2) can be booked £205pn at Room 2. The Royal Yacht Britannia was in service between 1954 and 1997. It was the vessel Charles and Diana used on their honeymoon and it carried the Queen and Prince Philip to destinations as far afield as Kuwait and the Caribbean. Now berthed in Leith, Edinburgh, it will be welcoming former crew members on board as part of the Jubilee celebrations. Celebratory dishes and cocktails will be served in the Royal Deck Tea Room and there will be a corgi (not real ones, sadly) treasure hunt. An exclusive private tour is also on offer (bespoke prices from £79pp), giving you a behind-the-scenes glimpse into how the royal family and the 220 crew members lived. Book for £18 at Royal Yacht Britannia. Stay: The Smith Place hotel in Leith. Book from £115pn at Smith Place Hotel. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Heinz gives traditional sauces a royal makeover for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee MORE : Prince Harry and Charles ‘haven’t spoken’ since ‘awkward’ reunion in Windsor MORE : The Queen gets her very own Barbie doll to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee