A Gloucestershire woman has spent nearly £20,000 on pastel-ifying properties, taking inspiration from Barbie dolls and films like Edward Scissorhands. Stasia Buckle, 38, has spent the last four years perfecting her home with things like a neon pink front door, a bathroom straight out of a Barbie’s dream house, and a huge collection of over 20 cacti. The Bristolian didn’t stop there – she also went on to make over another property in Cheltenham which is now a unique Airbnb that boasts five-star reviews for its striking décor. Stacia says: ‘I get my inspiration from movies and film sets. ‘I love Edward Scissor Hands and the pastel world that it is set in – whenever I see anything in similar colours, I have to get it. ‘As you can see most of my house is pink which is inspired by my love for Barbie and doing ballet when I was younger. ‘Bright colours, especially pink because it’s a mood lifter and great for reducing anxiety. ‘When you rent, you can’t really make it a home and decorate it exactly how you want. ‘I’ve always been quite arty, but I just didn’t have any projects to put my energy into – now I spend most weekends doing up the properties.’ Stacia’s relied heavily on second-hand shops for these projects, and often opts to DIY-it to save money. Stacia said: ‘I always do everything on a really tight budget. ‘Charity shops, flea markets and Facebook marketplace are all great for finding cheap furniture which can be upcycled and transformed into something completely different. ‘Some things I have splashed out on because I fell in love with them. ‘In the Cheltenham Airbnb, I put up a pink transparent shower curtain to match the Barbie aesthetic – this was £200 and shipped over from New York, US. ‘I love to surround myself in greenery too, and I’m obsessed with cacti – I recently got a giant one for £300.’ Stasia loved the results so much that she decided to transform a second property to match. She said: ‘I get a lot of people staying there because they love to take pictures in the Barbie bathroom and on the sofa. ‘People have also told me that they feel like they’re in a film set when they visit or at an art exhibition.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Couple spend £5,000 transforming new build home – adding £25,000 to property value MORE : Woman transforms 1980s bungalow into chic haven with budget DIY hacks MORE : How to keep costs down during DIY home renovations