A man has been arrested in connection to the murder of a mother whose body was found stuffed inside a duffel bag on the side of the road in Queens, New York. David Bonola, 44, was taken into custody and charged with murder, criminal tampering and criminal possession of a weapon in connection to the fatal stabbing of 51-year-old Orsolya Gaal. Detectives picked up Bonola in the Queens neighborhood around 11.30pm Wednesday when he walked up to officers and said, ‘I hear you are looking for me,’ ABC News reported. He then reportedly made a full confession. Bonola had known the mother of two from doing work on her house and knew where to find the key. Police believe he entered the family’s home and stabbed her to death after the two got into an argument. As the mother was being attacked, her 13-year-old son was upstairs, unaware of the horrific incident unfolding. Police have not confirmed the extent of the relationship between Gaal and Bonola, though the two may have been romantically linked, according to the New York Post. A Facebook account under Bonola’s name had previously left loving comments on some of Gaal’s photos and posts, including one that said: ‘Es la mujer más hermosa’ — Spanish for ‘she is the most beautiful woman.’ Gaal’s body had been discovered by New York City police over Easter weekend about a half mile from her home at the corner of Metropolitan Avenue and Jackie Robinson Parkway in Forest Hills. She was found Saturday morning around 8.30am when a man walking his dog stumbled across the blood-coated duffle bag, which contained Gaal’s body. New York City Police responded to a 911 call about the roadside crime scene on Saturday morning around 8.30am when a man walking his dog stumbled across the blood-coated bag. The mother’s body was found inside a bloody bag at the corner of Metropolitan Avenue and Jackie Robinson Parkway in Forest Hills, located about a half mile from her home. On Wednesday, the NYPD’s investigation led them to a bar that may have been the last place Gaal was seen alive. Tavern owners in Forest Hills say Gaal was a regular, and often would come to the bar to grab a drink and bite to eat. The owners said she came in alone that night and ordered her usual Moscow Mule before heading off. Detectives believe that once she returned home, she was beaten and stabbed to death before being dragged through the neighborhood in a large duffle bag and abandoned alongside the parkway. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.