These shocking pictures show the ‘squalid’ flat covered in human faeces where a cruel mum left her baby daughter to die. Little Nafahat Diini died of a chest infection after being neglected for weeks by 25-year-old Fartun Jamal at their ‘chaotic and dirty’ home in Brent Park, northwest London, in early 2019. Detectives said the 11-month-old’s illness ‘was very treatable’ had Jamal bothered to take her to the local GP surgery just 70 metres down the road. Police and paramedics called to the address on March 13 later commented on a strong smell of urine coming from inside. They found Nafahat lying in a broken cot in a bedroom with human faeces smeared on the walls and window – through which the doctor’s surgery could be seen. The crib, which was unsuitable for a child of her age, and bedding were all soaked in urine. Jamal’s mattress was also covered with mouse droppings and her walls were similarly smeared with excrement. Several other rooms were found to be littered with carrier bags full of dirty nappies and plates of rotting food. Officers could barely find any food in the flat and there were no photos of Nafahat or any toys to be found. The doctor who declared the toddler dead told them it was a case of neglect. Jamal was charged with one count of causing Nafahat’s death by neglect, two counts of child cruelty in relation to Nafahat, and a third count of child cruelty in relation to another child. A jury found her guilty on of all four counts on March 4 after deliberating for nearly nine hours. The 25-year-old, who was released on bail ahead of sentencing, was jailed for five years and six months at Harrow Crown Court on Friday. The court heard she made a series of web searches including ‘I can’t cope with my child anymore’ and ‘I want to give up my child’ while living with the baby in early 2019. She knew Nafahat was unwell with a ‘very high temperature’ and poor appetite but failed to take her to a doctor, jurors were told. On February 22, social services attended the property after concerns were raised by a babysitter. However, they warned Jamal ahead of their visit and, when they arrived, they found the flat was clean and the situation had improved. A second social services visit, without warning, was planned for March 13 – the day Nafahat died. Detective Chief Inspector Madeline Ryder, the senior investigating officer, said: ‘This is an absolutely tragic case that resulted in the needless death of an innocent baby. ‘No child should ever have to suffer in this manner. Baby Nafahat was only 11 months old when she died in squalid conditions, surrounded by walls covered in faeces. ‘She died of an illness that was very treatable if Jamal had bothered to seek medical attention. ‘What is even more harrowing is that her GP’s surgery was less than 70 metres away from where she died and could be seen from Nafahat’s bedroom window, so help was within very easy reach. ‘For the vast majority of parents, to care for, protect and nurture their children is their main priority. ‘However, Jamal was out partying just days before Nafahat’s death and had clearly placed her social life above that of the basic needs of her baby.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.