More than 60 cases of salmonella have been linked to Kinder Surprise eggs after a chocolate firm recalled the snacks over health fears. Around 40 of them are in children aged five and under. Chocolate company Ferrero said the snacks were being recalled as a precaution while investigations continue into the link, the Food Standards Agency (FSA) announced. No deaths have been reported from the 63 cases and it is unclear how ill the patients are. The FSA said earlier that around 77% of the previous total of 57 were aged five or under – which should be 44 – but the organisation has been repeatedly unable to confirm the exact number when asked by Metro.co.uk. The overall number of cases may yet increase. The products affected are the 20g eggs or the three-pack of eggs, all with a best-before date between July 11 2022 and October 7 2022. Ferrero has recalled the products, manufactured in Belgium, and people are being advised not to eat them. In a statement, it explained: ‘Ferrero is co-operating with the UK Food Standards Agency and the Food Safety Authority of Ireland on a possible link to a number of reported cases of salmonella. ‘Although none of our Kinder products released to market have tested positive for salmonella, and we have received no consumer complaints, we are taking this extremely seriously as consumer care is our top priority. ‘We take matters of food safety extremely seriously and we sincerely apologise for this matter.’ In an alert, the FSA said the recall was due to a ‘potential link to a salmonella outbreak’. It added that the eggs have all been manufactured at the same factory, and other Ferrero products are not thought to be affected. Symptoms of salmonella include diarrhoea, stomach cramps, nausea, vomiting and fever. While most cases resolve in a few days, symptoms can be severe and lead to hospital admission, especially in the very young and those with weakened immune systems. Tina Potter, FSA head of incidents, said: ‘We welcome the precautionary approach being taken by Ferrero and are advising consumers not to eat any of the products listed in the FSA alert. ‘It is really important that consumers follow this advice to avoid the risk of becoming ill with salmonella poisoning. ‘We know that these particular products are popular with young children, especially as Easter approaches, so we would urge parents and guardians of children to check if any products already in their home are affected by this recall. ‘The food business involved has voluntarily carried out this product withdrawal and recall and we are working closely with them and their competent authorities to identify the precise cause of this outbreak.’ Dr Lesley Larkin, a surveillance lead at the UKHSA, added: ‘Anybody with concerns that they have symptoms of salmonellosis should contact their GP or call NHS 111. ‘Salmonella can be spread from person to person, so anyone affected should adhere to good hygiene practice such as washing hands thoroughly after using the bathroom and avoiding handling food for others where possible, if you have symptoms.’ Anyone who has bought products with those use-by dates can contact the Ferrero consumer careline on consumers.uk@ferrero.com or 0330 053 8943 to obtain a full refund. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Imported onions linked to salmonella outbreak get 650 people sick in 37 states