Peter Kay delighted the crowd with hilarious jokes about dancing at weddings, as he returned to the stage for the first time in years. The comedian, 48, left the audience in stitches as he performed at the Manchester Central Convention Complex on Friday, for his Dance For Life tour. He was previously forced to take time out of the limelight in 2017, over ‘unforeseen circumstances’, and has been out of the public eye ever since. Fans were thrilled to have the Car Share actor back in the spotlight and vocally shared their support. In a video obtained by MailOnline, they could be heard screaming and cheering Peter on as he appeared on stage. ‘Sorry we’re late, they’re a bit slow coming in,’ the publication reports he said, before dipping into a quip about hitting the dance floor. ‘A lot of you won’t get a chance to dance anymore. ‘If you’re like me, it’ll be every four years at a wedding for about 11 minutes until they play something modern and you sit down because you feel about 100.’ The legendary comedian made his return last August after keeping a low profile over the last few years. Peter appeared at a charity gig at Manchester’s O2 Apollo last August, with tickets for the show selling out in just minutes. ‘I’ve never in my life had a standing ovation when I came on,’ he told the crowd at the time, heartened by the reaction. ‘I’m going to go away for four more years.’ He added that he was worried to return after so many years away, adding: ‘I was a bit nervous this morning, when I got here. ‘I was looking at all this and thinking, “oh my God” but it’s really nice to be doing this. ‘It’s like getting in a hot bath.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: Simon Cowell reveals dog plummeted off stage during audition MORE : John Lydon hits out at ex Sex Pistols bandmates for making biopic without him: ‘They can all f*ck off’ 