Little Cody is back on the hunt for a home after being let down at the 11th hour by the people who were due to take him in. The sweet dog has spent months meeting with his would-be owners only for their circumstances to change. The team learned that Cody, who’s not yet two and has spent 15 months in RSPCA care, was going to be staying with them for even longer on the very day he was supposed to be rehomed. Kennel supervisor Sarah Welham said: ‘Cody’s adopters spent months visiting us regularly to get to know him and build up a bond with him, so he’d be ready for his fresh start. ‘So we were absolutely gutted when Cody’s adoption fell through the day he was due to be picked up. ‘Although we were devastated that it fell apart at the last minute, it gave us and Cody great opportunities to meet new people, and it was great to see how he adapted to the meetings and has given us great insight to start looking for another home for him. ‘Now, Cody’s hunt for a new home begins again.’ Cody’s got some specific needs and challenging behaviours, but he’s a smart little guy who picks things up fast, and he’s been responding well to his training. His future adopters will need to be experienced dog owners who can keep his reward-based training going strong. He can be reactive toward unfamiliar people, dogs and some vehicles, and would like a quiet, rural home in a low-populated area where he can enjoy remote walks away from busy footpaths and roads. Cody will need to be muzzled and kept on the lead when he’s out and about, but the team has been training him to get used to this. Sarah said: ‘Cody is such a fabulous little dog, and he’ll thrive in the right home. ‘He finds strangers frightening but once he gets to know you his true soppy side comes out. He’s super affectionate and really playful. ‘Cody absolutely loves his toys and will often greet you with one in his mouth, while his whole body wags with excitement. ‘He’s incredibly intelligent and picks up new things very quickly, so he’d love to continue with fun training in his new home.’ If you’re interested in giving Cody a home, you can check out his online profile or contact the team at info@rspca-suffolkcentral.org.uk or 0300 999 7321. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Rescue dog has his bags packed but nowhere to go MORE : Sweet elderly Akita is still looking for a retirement home after six months MORE : Nervous lurcher with ‘so much love to give’ marks one-year anniversary in kennels