Now, here at Metro.co.uk, we’ve reported on many occasions where people have put all manner of… inappropriate things in inappropriate places. Over the years we’ve heard stories from around the world where people have put live eels, glass bottles, an instant coffee jar with pins in the lid, a Buzz Lightyear toy, concrete mix and even an aubergine up their bums. In fact, kinky Brits have done it so often it actually costs the NHS almost £350,000 every year. But this latest case still managed to surprise us. A man arrived at A&E recently with a plastic ball from a carpet cleaning machine stuck in his rectum. It had a diameter of around 7cm to 8cm. The man, 51, had inserted the ball two days before, but went to hospital after ending up in pain. He claimed he and his wife had used the ball to ‘treat his haemorrhoids’ – but doctors could find no evidence of any haemorrhoids. The man said he had attempted to extract the ball himself using a screwdriver and a spoon, but he could not get it to move. Doctors examined the patient and said he was well, stable and cooperative and discovered scratches around his anus. They used x-rays and an abdominal CT scan to locate the ball, but attempts to remove it failed so an extraction was booked in the following morning. Medics then tried to remove the ball under general anaesthetic, which did not work as the ball was wider than the pelvic outlet. They then attempted laparotomy, where abdominal wall layers are opened layer by layer, and tried to push the ball down through the rectum. However this still didn’t work. Eventually surgeons decided to chop the ball up to make the extraction easier. They used an electric drill to puncture the ball and break it into three parts. After seven gruelling hours of surgery the man was discharged with a colostomy bag, and a proctosigmoidoscopy examination two months later. Doctors said the patient was compliant with the treatment plan, and stuck to his follow-up visits. Now, if that’s not a warning not to put random objects up your bum, we don’t know what is… Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.