Russia says it will be ready to deploy its new intercontinental ballistic missile in a matter of months. The Sarmat, which is capable of striking Europe and the US with a nuclear warhead, was tested earlier this week. Moscow has spent years developing the weapon – nicknamed ‘Satan II’ – as a replacement for its Cold War-era equipment. After a successful test last week, Vladimir Putin said it would give countries ‘food for thought’ when challenging Russia. According to state media, it  will be based in Uzhur, in the Krasnoyarsk region, about 3,000 km (1,860 miles) east of Moscow. Its operations will be overseen by the Roscosmos space agency, according to its head Dmitry Rogozon. The Kremlin’s sabre-rattling comes amid Western efforts to arm Ukraine and thwart Russia’s renewed offensive in the east and south of the country. This week, a senior Russia military official said the goal of the invasion was to take full control of the east of the country, as well as southern Ukraine. Rustam Minnekayev said that would open the way to Transnistria, a Russian-backed breakaway region sandwiched between Ukraine and Moldova. Volodymyr Zelensky responded to those comments by warning Russia wants to ‘grab other countries’. The Institute for the Study of War cast doubt on the feasibility of the strategy, saying the Kremlin’s stretched forces ‘are highly unlikely to have the capability’ to open a whole new front after two months of grinding war. Fighting has continued overnight and into this morning but Russian forces are yet to secure any major breakthroughs, despite Mr Putin declaring victory in Mariupol. Ukrainian fighters are holding on in a giant steel plant on the northern tip of the destroyed city and efforts to negotiate their exit have been unsuccessful. There are reports of fresh airstrikes against the compound today, despite there being at least 1,000 civilians sheltering there with the soldiers. Presidential aide Oleksiy Arestovych said on Saturday: ‘The enemy is trying to strangle the final resistance of the defenders of Mariupol in the Azovstal area.’ Russia’s defence ministry also claimed to have shot down a Ukrainian fighter jet and destroyed three helicopters at an airfield near Kharkiv this morning. Serhiy Haidai, the governor of the Luhansk region, said earlier this week that Russian forces have increased their control over the area from 60% to 80%. Ukrainian forces have pulled back to new defensive lines in the face of relentless shelling. MORE : France and Germany ‘sold £230,000,000 of weapons to Russia before invasion’ He said: ‘It’s unpleasant they’re leaving our settlements, but it is no catastrophe.’ But despite reports of minor territorial gains, the UK Ministry of Defence says it has seen no evidence of any major Russian progress. An analysis read: ‘Russian forces have made no major gains in the last 24 hours as Ukrainian counter-attacks continue to hinder the efforts.’ ‘Russian air and maritime forces have not established control in either domain owing to the effectiveness of Ukraine’s air and sea defence reducing their ability to make notable progress.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.