Tom Parker broke down in tears as he discussed the moment he was told he had terminal cancer during his documentary, In My Head. The Wanted star, who died on Wednesday at the age of 33, had revealed he was on his own when he was told he had the incurable brain cancer which eventually claimed his life. He and wife Kelsey had revealed he had been well up until his diagnosis but had experienced seizures during a family trip to Norfolk. Tom had been taken to hospital on his own as it was at the height of the coronavirus pandemic and visitors were not allowed to go along with the patient, but had been assured he should be home within a few hours. It was there that he was told he had cancer, having to face the news on his own and struggling to believe he had stage four glioblastoma tumour at just 32 years old. He explained in the clip: ‘I was on my own in hospital because of Covid restrictions. So, there was literally nobody else there with me – I was alone. ‘The doctors whipped around the curtain around my bed and told me I have a brain tumour, and I was like ‘No, you’ve got it wrong. It must be a mistake. I’m only 32. I really thought they had made a mistake.’ Tom broke down as he told viewers: ‘When you get told news like that, I just remember just shutting down. ‘I didn’t want to acknowledge anything to do with brain tumours, cancer. I just couldn’t think about anything. All I remember is just thinking “Am I going to die?”’ Tom battled the tumour with support from his wife Kelsey, who recently travelled with him to Spain for specialist treatment in the hopes of prolonging his life. He had even appeared on stage with The Wanted during their recent tour dates, but had to appear in a chair for the later shows. Kelsey confirmed news of Tom’s death on Wednesday, writing on Instagram: ‘It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side. ‘Our hearts are broken, Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children. ‘Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout, he fought until the very end. I’m forever proud of you.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Wanted’s Nathan Sykes shares heartbreaking tour video after Tom Parker’s death: ‘Our lives will never be the same’ MORE : Tom Parker’s wife Kelsey speaks of ‘pure and honest’ love pair shared before singer’s death aged 33