Johnny Depp said that he has never ‘struck any woman’ in his life, as his court case against ex-wife Amber Heard continued. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor took the stand today at the Fairfax County Courthouse in Virginia, in his bombshell defamation trial. The 58-year-old is suing the Aquaman actress over a 2018 article she wrote in The Washington Post, regarding her experiences with domestic abuse. While Depp was not named in the article, his lawyers have argued the op-ed falsely implies that his former partner was physically and sexually abused by him when they were married, and is seeking $50million (£39m) in damages – Heard is countersuing. Giving evidence earlier today, he told the jury, via New York Post: ‘Never did I myself reach the point of striking Ms Heard in any way, nor have I ever struck any woman in my life.’ He said that the reason he brought the suit is because he has a ‘responsibility’ to clear his name, and that his ‘goal is to tell the truth’. The Edward Scissorhands star told the court that Heard was bringing ‘heinous and disturbing’ allegations that he had been violent towards her during the course of their relationship. ‘It was a complete shock… it just didn’t need to go in that direction as nothing of the kind had ever happened,’ he said. ‘[In] the relationship there were arguments and things of that nature but never did I myself reach the point of striking Ms Heard in any way, nor have I ever struck any woman in my life. ‘I pride myself on honesty… On truth. Truth is the only thing I’m interested in.’ Depp also said that he ‘felt a responsibility’ to stand up for himself and his children – Lily-Rose and Jack – who had allegedly been exposed to the allegations while they were at school. ‘I felt it my responsibility to stand up not only for myself in that instance but stand up for my children, who at the time were 14 and 16, so they were in high school,’ he added. ‘I thought it was diabolical that my children would have to go to school and have their friends or people in the school approach them with the infamous People magazine cover with Ms Heard with a dark bruise on their face and then it kept multiplying, it kept getting bigger and bigger.’ Depp initially filed a lawsuit against Heard in March, 2019, but the case was delayed due to the global pandemic – and began on April 12. Despite the former couple both residing in California, the case is being brought in Virginia because The Washington Post’s online editions are published through servers located in Fairfax County. Various people have testified so far, including Deep’s nurse, Dr David Kipper – who treated him for addiction – and their former couple’s therapist, Laurel Anderson. The trial continues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Marvel fans reckon Thor could be gay in Thor: Love and Thunder after moment with Chris Pratt’s Star-Lord MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Sharon declares war on Sam and threatens to ‘put her down’: ‘I don’t play so nice these days!’ 