A man arrested after a dozen people were injured in a suspected knife rampage in broad daylight has been detained in a psychiatric hospital. Three people were stabbed in Bedworth, Warwickshire, before 8am on Saturday morning. Detectives say the lone attacker then walked down two busy residential roads, attacking passers-by. Another eight people were left with minor injuries before the arrest was made. One of the stab victims, said to be a man in his 20s, remains in hospital in stable condition. The other two, a man and a woman, were treated in hospital but have since been discharged. The assailant was intiially described as wielding a knife, although reports suggest he may have used scissors in at least one attack. He is believed to have begun his rampage by banging on the door of a woman’s home and stabbing her in the face or neck with a pair of scissors. Neighbour Sheila Corcoran, 76, said: ‘She managed to get him off her, because he tried to enter the house. She managed to get him lose, but she was attacked in the face. ‘I did hear something bang, but I just thought she had dropped something. Now I know it was her banging the door. ‘She managed to close her door and lock it quickly. Later on, she had to go to hospital for stitches. There is blood all on her door and a trail of blood all outside my house. DS Rich Simpkins said: ‘This was a nasty incident which has left a number of people with injuries and I know this will cause the community great concern. ‘The public can expect to see a heightened police presence in and around Bedworth town centre to provide reassurance while our officers continue to conduct their enquiries. ‘We have a man in custody and are not looking for any further suspects in connection with this incident. ‘We know that a number of people were in the area at around the time of the incident and that there may be more members of the public who may have been approached or assaulted by the suspect. Anyone with information has been urged to contact police by calling 101 quoting incident number 91 of 23 April. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.  