Sarah Everard’s killer Wayne Couzens has befriended one of Britain’s most notorious criminals while in prison, it has been reported. The ex-Metropolitan Police officer, who was handed a whole-life sentence for her kidnap, rape and murder, has reportedly become friends with David Fuller, dubbed the Morgue Monster. Like Couzens, he was also sentenced to life behind bars in December last year for beating and strangling Wendy Knell and Caroline Pierce to death before sexually assaulting them in two separate attacks in Kent, in 1987. Alongside the double killings, which remained unsolved for 33 years, Fuller also sexually abused at least 100 corpses in hospital mortuaries. After spending nearly half a year on the same wing of HMP Frankland in Brasside, County Durham, Couzens and Fuller, who are both from Kent, are now known as the ‘the odd couple’. ‘They know some of the same areas from back in the day,’ a prison source told the Mirror. ‘The idea of them swapping stories turns my stomach.’ Both their names became synonymous in Britain with some of the most shocking crimes. Fuller’s case became known as the ‘bedsit murders’ and was one of the longest unsolved double killings until a DNA breakthrough led detectives to him. The necrophile was given two life sentences for the killings plus a further 12 years for abusing corpses at the Kent hospital where he was hired as an electrician and maintenance worker. During a search of his home in Heathfield, East Sussex, police discovered four hard drives stuck to the back of a cupboard containing ‘a library of unimaginable sexual depravity’. Following Fuller’s conviction in November, health secretary Sajid Javid set up a public inquiry to establish how he was able to continue with his abuse for such a long time. Last year, Couzens and Fuller joined a string of some of the country’s most prolific offenders who are expected to die behind bars. There are only 60 criminals still alive who are serving whole-life sentences. Other inmates at their wing in HMP Frankland include Lee Rigby’s killer Michael Adebolajo, cop killer David Beiber and Nazi nail-bomber David Copeland. The infamous Yorkshire Ripper Peter Sutcliffe was also there, until he died in 2020. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.