This Morning host Dermot O’Leary posted some incredible throwback snaps, amid BBC Radio 2’s celebration of the 90s. The presenter has been a regular fixture on our TV screens and radios for years now. But despite being one of the most recognisable faces, he looked very different in a series of past snaps shared on his social media. On Friday, he hosted an A-Z of the 90s programme to mark the launch of his brand new Alternative Sounds of the 90s show. But beforehand, Dermot treated fans to the incredible pictures, also featuring shots of other names such as Davina McCall. He wrote: ‘In honour of that wonderful decade…this is me looking damn hunky.’ The first photo features a young Dermot with a head full of curls posing next to photographer Jenny Lewis. In the remaining pictures, he sported a buzzcut and reminded fans exactly what the 90s was all about. Dermot could also be seen with Holly Willoughby’s now-husband, TV producer Dan Baldwin, as well as with T4 co-presenter Margherita Taylor. Radio 2 star Vanessa Feltz commented: ‘I remember it well.’ Fans of the DJ quickly gave their thoughts on his very different look, with one writing: ‘Can we have 90s day everyday. Hot stuff too.’ ‘Petition to bring back the buzz cut!’ remarked a fan, with another adding: ‘The best nothing will beat this time.’ He wasn’t the only one getting into the spirit of it, with some of Dermot’s radio co-stars posting some of their own snaps from the iconic decade. Fearne Cotton shared a series of pictures from the 90s featuring pals and presenters such as Stephen Mulhern. Breakfast show host Zoe Ball gave some insight from her days on the Big Breakfast, as she marked the occasion with a poignant post. She wrote: ‘Remembering some of the golden folk I had the joy of working with & learning from in the 90s who are no longer with us. ‘The gorgeous, generous Keith Chegwin, the funniest soul Mark Speight, incomparable Kev Greening, the best of the best Showbiz Willy Simon Willis & wonderful Chris Watmough. what chaps.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent judges set to visit contestants to personally invite them to audition for ITV show in new segment MORE : Simon Cowell reveals he prefers beans on toast to eating out as he denies gastric band rumours 