This Wednesday, we move into Taurus season, the stoic and peaceful bull of the zodiac (until riled, and then they can rage). Taurus is a great star sign and, being ruled by Venus, their vibe is led by pleasure, love, beauty, and wealth. Not bad, right? So, the next four weeks should bring insights and opportunities in those areas of your life, if you’re open to receiving them. Maybe it’s time for a financial review, a makeover, a major treat or a series of passion-igniting Date Nights. Let the tarot advise what Taurus season will bring to your world. Ahead, you’ll find the weekly tarot horoscope forecast for April 17 to April 23, for all star signs. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: Page of Wands Meaning: The Page of Wands tells you to let yourself off the leash (you know what I mean). You’re a high octane, energetic, adventurous person and you often feel you have to rein it in a bit, for others and maybe your own reputation. Well, this week, go crazy, have fun, book a week’s worth of wild antics and white-knuckle activities which will quell your inner Mars ruler and make you feel alive. You need these bursts of Aries-led activity to burn off all that heat and energy. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: Two of Swords Meaning: There is a big decision hanging over either your money or love life (or both, sometimes the two are connected). It pains you because there is a lot to unpack here, and you like to take your time with your deliberations. Sorry Taurus, time’s up. Use this week to list the pros and cons and make your choice based on the best of the info to hand (that’s all you can ever really do, right?). This will clear your head, clear the way, and let you relax. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: The Chariot Meaning: Your catnip is travel and adventure, seeing new places, meeting different people, experiencing alternative cultures and activities. Travel broadens the mind. The Chariot tells you to start making some bold and inspiring travel plans this week – look at the year ahead, look at your resources, and make them go as far as possible. Life’s short. The world’s a big place. Go make some amazing memories that will last a lifetime- nothing is more valuable than that. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Three of Wands Meaning: You’re going to be very lucky this week, Cancer, with the opportunistic Three of Wands. Be light on your feet, alert, and ready to react fast to new invitations and openings. Sharpen your radar to spot new news. Help Lady Fortune get to you quicker, with a bigger bounty, by putting yourself in luck’s pathway. Buy a lottery ticket, apply for something inspiring, ask them out, make an introduction, pitch that idea. Your luck can go a long way! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: The Empress Meaning: Love is in the air! And not just romance (though if you’re single, look out for a beautiful, sexy Libra or Taurus this week), but family and friendship too. You are a people person and love nothing more than to feel the warm glow of admiration and affection all around you, and that is just how this week will feel. Accelerate to that happy place by spending time with those you love and like, treat them and pay them compliments, share your love. It’s going to be blissful. Also… if you’re looking to expand your family, The Empress brings fertile energy. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: The Sun Meaning: Everything feels like it’s coming up roses this week, thanks to your fellow Earth sign Taurus’s season starting. The Sun is the tarot’s most positive card, indicating beautiful holidays to sunny climes, new romance (maybe a Leo), prosperity, joy, and success. It’s a week to make overt, confident moves in the direction of the things you most want to be in your life. Clarify your dreams and start to manifest them – you’ve got the backing of the Universe, so don’t waste it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: Seven of Cups Meaning: You have a lively imagination and many ideas, but you procrastinate. You could dwell on and chew over your options forever and a day. The Seven of Cups demands that you get a pen and pad and write down your heartfelt dreams this week. Make a list, prioritise, research how you’d go about activating the best ones, and make a start. Simple! Hold yourself to this plan and your wildest pleasures can all be a reality. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: Queen of Wands Meaning: Step up your hobby game. What activities do you do that bring you pleasure and relaxation? Can you do more of them, more often? Can you introduce new ones? The Queen of Wands reminds you that you’re in control of your lifestyle, and you decide what stays and goes, and what is needed next. Make a Spring Schedule of things you want to have a go at, and get going! Also, it’s a great time to plan magical trips and holidays. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: Justice Meaning: Do the right thing with your finances right now, as shown by the wise and fair Justice card. Don’t fall prey to temptation, cutting corners, bad decisions, or the path of least resistance. Take what you know to be the right path, and if you don’t know then ask for help or advice. A sacrifice now will pay back dividends later. This is a test, so go pass with flying colours. What you do will set the tone for the year ahead – be shrewd and play nice. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: The Devil Meaning: Deep satisfaction and pleasure will come from vanquishing a bad habit, negative pattern or self-limiting belief or behaviour from your life this week. The Devil brings you the relevant insights, willpower, and motivation to do this, at last. The pain has started to outweigh the pleasure, you are tired of doing this, you’re seeking and craving change and transformation. Now is the right time, and this will feel like a gift, not a hardship. Make that change. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: Ten of Cups Meaning: Your love life is thrumming, Venus and Cupid are in town and firing love arrows wherever you wish them to be aimed. So, if you’re single then look for creative and kind Water signs – Pisces, Cancer, or Scorpio. If you’re attached, then start that Date Night schedule and put some real effort into it. Your relationship landscape can flourish this Taurus season with the right initial effort from yours truly. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: The World Meaning: Use this Taurus season to celebrate and appreciate all of the headway and progress you’ve made financially and romantically this last year. Acknowledge the journey, reward yourself for overcoming some stuff. The World is a nudge to pause and smell the roses… but also to know that more lies ahead, and you’re ready for some new goals to help stretch your growth even further. What is next for you in love and money? Plan your route, it starts here. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of April MORE : Everything you need to know about dating an Aries MORE : What type of traveller you are, based on your star sign – and your ideal holiday