Helen Skelton reportedly sees ‘no way back’ for her marriage to Richie Myler after confirming their shock split. The TV presenter, 38, took to Instagram to confirm she and Richie, 31, had decided to part ways after nine years of marriage. She wrote on her Instagram story on Monday: ‘Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co parent our small children.’ A source has since added that things appear to be over for good for the couple who share three children; Ernie, six, Louis, five, and Elsie, four months. They told OK: ‘It’s so sad, but friends don’t think there is a way back for them. She’s really sad about it. Friends are really worried for her, but there is no way back sadly.’ The insider also claimed that Helen had been ‘struggling recently’ as a mum to three young children. The former Blue Peter presenter had previously opened up about how lonely she had felt moving to France in 2015 for former professional rugby player Richie’s career. She told You magazine in 2018: ‘I didn’t speak the language and I felt so isolated that I used to go into the local tourist office just to talk to someone who could speak English. ‘The loneliness was crushing even though the French wives and girlfriends would invite me on their nights out, which was kind.’ Helen added: ‘I would try to keep up by laughing and nodding – then somebody would ask if I understood and I would say no. They thought I was bonkers.’ The Countryfile star had also recently opened up about being ‘full of emotions’ after giving birth to her third child, explaining: ‘A mama is always full of emotions. ‘Full of love. Full of anxiety and worries. Full of exhaustion and lack of energy. Full of mum guilt and doubt. Full of pride in her kids. Full of pure joy. ‘She feels it all, that’s the beauty of her, she carries it all, too. And yet she gets up every day and does it all over again.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Countryfile’s Helen Skelton enjoyed family holiday without husband Richie Myler days before announcing shock split MORE : Inside Countryfile host Helen Skelton’s relationship with husband Richie Myler following marriage split 