Ever wanted a simpler way to get to school or work? Well, living in a mode of transportation could be the answer. Student Caleb Brackney did just that, transforming an old school bus into a stunning tiny home – and he managed to do the whole thing with a very reasonable budget. The postgraduate design student from Knoxville, Tennessee, US, built his own home with just $10,000 (£7,600) he had saved. The 25-year-old bought a retired school bus for $3,000 (£2,600), and spent six months transforming it using the rest of his budget. Now he calls the 220-square-foot bus home, and lives there with his dog, Ivy. In February 2020, Caleb bought a 1995 Thomas International school bus on Facebook Marketplace – leaving him with $7,000 to spend on renovations. Between classes, Caleb spent weekends and evenings renovating the bus, and on August 1, he moved into his completed tiny home on wheels. Caleb is studying for a master’s in architectural and landscape design at the University of Tennessee. He also has an undergraduate degree in interior design, which all helped him create a stunning space to live. Inside, guests enter the bus through its original door and immediately step into the kitchen. There’s a study space – with a skylight – which has a six-foot bar, which Caleb uses as a desk and keyboard stand, plus a wardrobe. Past the bar, there’s a sofa which can pull out into a bed for guests. Then Caleb’s own bed is directly behind the sofa. Caleb managed to get most of his furniture and décor secondhand. He transformed an old utility trailer that he found into an eight-foot rooftop deck by removing the axle and bolting it to the roof of the bus. The countertops Caleb made by sanding down old semi-truck beds that he found on Facebook Marketplace. Six months after moving into his bus, Caleb says he hasn’t found the big change in lifestyle all that difficult – and he is loving the lack of materialism. He says that while cutting down his belongings and getting rid of loads of furniture and clothes was a challenge, it has also taught him just how little he needs to be happy. ‘I’m always within one arm’s reach of whatever I need,’ Caleb told Insider. ‘And that’s my favorite part, you know, having enough to be happy and content.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Sleep experts reveal how to fix your body clock in three nights MORE : You can live in a London studio flat with the kitchen by the bed for £1,040 a month MORE : Are you on the brink of worry burnout? These are the signs – and what to do