Tuesday is a tough one to get hyped up for, we admit it. That’s why we’re here: to give you a helping hand. Time for some introspection, Gemini? Likewise, Libra, now might be time to keep some things to yourself. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for today, April 19, 2022. Read on for your star sign’s forecast. March 21 to April 20 Are you over-run with possessions? If so, it may be best to sell them, or give them away so someone else can make use of them. If you’re surrounded by clutter, then you might be oblivious to the effect it has on you, until you get rid of it. With the focus on Taurus set to ramp up, it could be time for a good clear out. You’ll feel happier and perhaps a tad richer, once you make a start. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You may be in an outward-going mood, with an emphasis on self-expression which looks set to increase. Busy reflecting on how best to tackle key issues? If so, it’s time to get into action. This could be the hardest, yet most rewarding part though. Over the next day or so, plans will move from theory into practice, and you’ll be ready to leave the past behind and get a move on, Taurus. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You could get more introspective, as the focus on a spiritual sector continues. This isn’t your usual style, as you are often known for being the life and soul of the party and a fabulous conversationalist. For now, you might feel the urge to evaluate your progress, and reflect on areas where you can do better. Jettison emotional baggage and find closure, and soon you’ll flourish. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 From working hard to playing hard, the cosmos encourages you out and about, as sociable Mercury aligns with convivial Venus. Today looks promising, and brings options for interesting encounters and uplifting discussions. Another delightful aspect encourages healing through discussion. Whatever is bothering you could be eased by a heartfelt chat and a listening ear. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 The weeks ahead can be your time to shine, and hold your space in the spotlight. With inquisitive Mercury now in a prominent sector, it’s time to link with others who share your goals and ambitions, and to reach out to those on your wavelength. A helpful Mercury/Venus tie could pave the way for a discussion that encourages you to put a helpful and innovative idea to the test, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 A conversation could inspire you to try something new, and it might be the best thing you do for yourself. If a friend is already involved, they may introduce you to a whole new world. No matter what else you have on your plate, it’s worth having a go, Virgo. You might not stick with this, but something else that piques your interest on route can do, and could stay with you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 With thoughtful Mercury in a secretive sector, you may feel like keeping certain matters to yourself. And why not? Yet if something is really bugging you, a coffee and a chat with a friend could leave you much relieved. There are some things that are better out than in, Libra. A positive tie also suggests that a quiet word in someone’s ear might swing a decision your way. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 As inquisitive Mercury encourages co-operation and companionship, the coming days hint at a more balanced view of life and other people. This trend can be good for relationships and your social life. Plus, with the planet of talk and thought aligning with Venus, you might enjoy some uplifting social events. A friendly meal, get-together or outing, may be perfect for unwinding. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Feel an urge to get organized and streamline your affairs, so you can be more productive? Gathering your thoughts could be a good place to start. You’ll get a lot more done if you know what your priorities are in the first place. Yet whatever you have planned, you could be easily distracted, as someone might ask you for a coffee and a chat. If you go, don’t feel guilty, Archer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 After a time when domestic matters have been at the top of your agenda, the cosmos encourages you to be playful, creative and expressive. And relationship options may be on the cards too. Mercury’s tie with Venus, suggests you could get along with someone so well you’ll feel at ease with them right away. They might become a friend, or there can be potential for romance. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Life can take on a personal and homely quality, which could see you spending more time with family, working on domestic projects and enjoying some relaxation when possible. Mercury aspects sweet Venus, which might set the stage for a pleasant get-together. Keen to give your place a stylish makeover? Be practical. Cost it out first rather than be too ambitious. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 The days ahead usher in a positive phase, as the Sun enters your communication zone from tomorrow. You’ll be more eager to network, engage with friends and family, and become acquainted with developments in your local area. Have ideas to launch a website or start an Internet business? The coming weeks can see you getting off to an excellent start, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness