A woman who got behind the wheel after celebrating her daughter’s birthday didn’t realise she’d collided with a van. Amanda Chambers, 62, crashed her Suzuki into a Citroen van in Hartlepool on March 11. After colliding with the van, Chambers, from Hartlepool, briefly continued driving. When police arrived at the scene she had no recollection of the smash. Officers breathalyzed Chambers and she gave a reading of 66 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath. The legal limit is 35. Chambers pleaded guilty to driving a motor vehicle when her alcohol level was above the legal limit when she appeared at Teesside Magistrates court. Lillian Yanes Hellevik, prosecuting, told the court how an officer spoke to Chambers and she confirmed she was the owner and driver of the Suzuki. ‘There was a roadside breath test which produced a positive result. The defendant was taken into custody,’ she said. Ms Yanes Hellevik said Chambers admitted during interview that she had been drinking just before she had driven but said she hadn’t realised she would be over the limit. John Wesencraft, defending, told the court how on the day of the incident Chambers had been celebrating a birthday with her daughter, in Durham, before she drove back to Hartlepool. ‘She has driven for 35 years without incident, this is clearly a one-off,’ Mr Wesencroft said. ‘She hadn’t realised she would be over the drink-drive limit. ‘Neither did she realise she had been involved in an incident. ‘She didn’t realise there was something wrong with her vehicle until she was standing next to it. ‘She thought something had happened to her but she wasn’t sure what that was.’ Mr Wesencraft told the court how Chambers has been through ‘five years of tragedy’. He said that five years ago her 21-year-old son died of an accidental morphine overdose and Chambers had to give up her employment to become her mum’s full-time carer. He said Chambers’ mum died around a year ago from Covid, having spent six months in hospital prior to that. Mr Wesencraft said that, as a result of the deaths, Chambers was suffering from anxiety and depression and had to take medication to control it. He said her daughter doesn’t drive and the inevitable driving ban will have a big impact on her. Chambers was disqualified from driving for 17 months. She was also ordered to pay a £120 fine, £85 in costs and a £34 victim surcharge. George Harpham, chair of the bench, told Chambers that drink driving is a very serious thing. ‘You know you’re endangering yourself but also members of the public. In this case you had a collision and you weren’t aware of it,’ he said. Chambers was also was offered a drink drive course which, if completed, will reduce the length of time she is disqualified from driving. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.