It’s common knowledge that too much time on social media isn’t great for our brains. Social media can also be a fantastic tool for keeping people connected, learning new things and creating spaces for creativity and free expression – but it also has a dark side. Plenty of research shows that it can have a detrimental impact on your self-esteem and confidence, it can also make negative news events feel unavoidable, and perpetuate a pretty toxic picture of humanity – with trolling, online arguments and abuse rife across all platforms. No doubt you will have seen plenty of people proclaiming that they are taking a break from social media, deleting their accounts, or going on a ‘digital detox’. Taking time away from social media and disconnecting from our devices can feel like a breath of fresh air – but is completely stepping away from social media the only solution? Shareen Kullar, founder of self-care box Blissbox, says that when social media starts to consume hours of our time and energy, stepping away could be incredibly beneficial for our mental health. ‘By constantly showing you negative news, posts and imagery, this kind of negativity increases your anxiety, creates unnecessary worry and brings down your mood,’ says Shareen. ‘When we expose our brains to these negative posts for long periods of time, our brains are unable to determine what is real and what isn’t. It will think that we are actually in these situations and will immediately go into defence/survival mode.’ She adds that when we are in a perpetual state of survival, high levels of cortisol will be produced which can cause damage both mentally and physically. ‘With most of us currently living stressful and busy daily lives which results in a lot of us having high levels of cortisol produced within our bodies already, scrolling through social media can significantly add to the stress we put our minds through every day.’ Shareen argues that quitting social media allows you to lower your stress levels by exposing yourself to less negativity, meaning your mood will lift as a result. ‘Reducing social media in the mornings and evenings will allow you to begin and end your day right,’ she says. ‘When we begin the day by scrolling through social media, not only does this expose you to artificial light which will disturb your body’s internal clock but it will also decrease the time you have to get up in the morning, beginning your day in a rush and will expose you to negativity which will set your mood for the day.’ She adds that this is also important when winding down before bed. ‘Allowing your body and mind to naturally relax, clear and rest after your day will help you to get a well-rested sleep,’ she says. ‘When we use this crucial time to scroll through social media, the artificial lighting will affect our body’s timing for sleep.’ Shareen recommends staying off social media for the first hour of the morning, and at least two hours before you go to bed. She says this will allow you to begin your day and to wind down your day naturally, calmly and peacefully. Shareen says we often find ourselves comparing our lives to others on social media, mostly in a negative way. ‘We question ourselves – why can’t I look this way? Or, is there something wrong with me? But the thing is, the content on social media is not reality,’ says Shareen. ‘Which means we are comparing ourselves and competing with something or someone which is not real. ‘Quitting social media means we can focus on ourselves and our own lives. On what is real, for us. We can learn to accept ourselves, as we are, to boost our own happiness, our self-love and self-compassion.’ For Shareen, social media is also a form of escapism – and when we step out of our own lives for too long, we can begin to lose sight of what is really important for us. ‘We are so consumed with content and news that we forget to be present with the people we love,’ she says. ‘We isolate ourselves and we don’t build the necessary connections with ourselves and with others around us which is the cause of loneliness.’ Therefore, she argues, quitting social media will naturally inspire mindfulness. ‘We are able to be more present and in the moment,’ she says. ‘We are able to spend more quality time on the things we love to do and the people we love to be around, which will make our lives richer and more enjoyable. ‘Being more present means we are able to build meaningful connections with ourselves and with others around us which will eliminate loneliness and will inspire happiness.’ Without social media dominating our lives, Shareen says we can use the extra time to rediscover the hobbies which bring us joy, or learn something new. ‘Instead of finding ways to escape life, learn what you are escaping from and actually look to change that,’ she says. ‘You have the power and control to be able to make changes to your life which will make your everyday life happier, healthier and richer.’ Ultimately, Shareen believe that limiting your use of social media, or quitting altogether, will improve your mental health. ‘Social media is a great tool to use within your life but it makes a poor master,’ she tells us. ‘You will be free of the unnecessary stress and anxieties that come with social media and you will be able to form healthier daily routines which increase your energy levels and boosts your mood. ‘Finally, you will have the power and control to make your everyday life happier, healthier and richer by filling your time with the things you love to do whilst experiencing and living your life.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to focus on the present during times of uncertainty MORE : Psychologist reveals how to break a bad habit for good MORE : How to build your own floating alcove book shelves