Speculation that Vladimir Putin is seriously ill has mounted after a report claimed he has been under near-constant monitoring by a cancer surgeon. Yevgeny Selivanov, a leading expert in thyroid cancer from Moscow’s Central Clinical Hospital, is said to have spent at least 166 days with the Russian leader across 35 visits over a four-year period. The figures are limited to visits during Putin’s luxury getaways at his favourite Black Sea resort of Sochi, suggesting he may spend considerably more time in the doctor’s company. The investigation, by independent Russian outlet Proyekt Media, found 10 doctors spent a total of 1,313 days between them in Putin’s swarming entourage between 2016 and 2020, many of them overlapping. Two otolaryngologists – surgeons who specialise in head and neck conditions – made even more visits to the 69-year-old president than Selivanov. Igor Esakov and Alexey Schchlegov spent 152 days and 282 days with him respectively. Thyroid cancer affects a small gland at the base of the neck, and problems with the gland are often first diagnosed by an otolaryngologist. Putin has publicly shown interest in thyroid cancer research, raising the issue in a meeting with the head of Russia’s National Medical Research Center for Endocrinology in July 2020, according to Proyekt. His neck has appeared noticeably more bloated in recent photos, a symptom which has been linked to some steroid treatments. Clinical vulnerability has also been floated as a potential explanation for the comically distanced seating plans at meetings with officials and foreign leaders. He was notably pictured at the opposite end of a 12-foot table when hosting France’s Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Olaf Scholz on two occasions ahead of his invasion of Ukraine in February. The President was also said to have experimented with a number of outlandish alternative health procedures, including bathing in extracts from blood-filled deer antlers. The Kremlin has repeatedly denied reports that Putin has suffered ill health – many of which clustered around five stints over the last decade when he was not seen in  public for several days, while officials broadcasts of his meetings were found to have been pre-recorded. His personal life is shrouded in secrecy, with many of the rumours around his love life and reported illegitimate children difficult to pin down. The activity of his medical team appears to have nontheless been relatively easy to unearth. The names of the president’s doctors is publicly available via the Kremlin, and Proekt Media were able to cross-reference them with records of contracts for state-paid rooms at hotels in Sochi. The Kremlin has not responded to Proyekt’s claims. A spokesperson said in 2020 that the Russian president’s health was ‘excellent’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.