James Milner knew within seconds that Luis Diaz was the perfect fit for Liverpool. That’s according to former Reds striker Michael Owen, who believes Jurgen Klopp has created the perfect environment for any new signings to improve their game. Diaz has been a revelation since joining in January with four goals to his name and has fitted into Liverpool’s front three with ease. The Colombian starts tonight’s Champions League semi-final clash with Villarreal this evening and before kick-off Owen revealed his chat with Milner about how much of an impact the attacker made right from the start of his career on Merseyside. ‘I think it’s fair to say a couple of years a go or last year, there was so many injuries and it really did decimate Liverpool’s squad and their push for honours,’ Owen said on BT Sport. ‘But I think this season virtually everyone has been fit all the way through the season, it makes a massive difference. ‘Added to that they’ve signed one or two good players and let a few go. I think the squad now… no one can look at it and think it’s a weak squad. It did used to be reliant on 14 or 15 players, now it’s a big squad. ‘Don’t get me wrong it’s very hard to pick the right players but I think when you’ve got the right culture, the right belief, the fans behind you, a great manager, it’s very hard to miss. ‘Look at Manchester United as an example, you could put any great player in there at the moment and everybody is going the opposite way. ‘Put anyone in this Liverpool squad and they’ve just got every box ticked. ‘I was talking to James Milner about the new lad Diaz and he said within seconds he was just up to speed. ‘He watched, he looked around, as soon as he went down in training he was up and closing down. ‘He said he was just a Liverpool player straight away, from the first training session. ‘I think that is what coming into a really good environment brings.’ MORE : Liverpool vs Villarreal TV channel, live stream, time, team news, odds and head-to-head MORE : ‘He’s the weakness’ – Gabby Agbonlahor tells Villarreal to target Liverpool star Trent Alexander-Arnold For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 