The bodies of more than 900 civilians have been found in the area surrounding Kyiv following the withdrawal of Russian forces, the region’s police chief says. Andriy Nebytov said corpses were abandoned in the streets or given temporary burials. He said an estimated 95% of victims died from gunshot wounds, adding that under Russian occupation people ‘were simply executed in the streets’. More bodies are being found every day, under rubble and in mass graves, Nebytov added. He said the most victims were found in the commuter town of Bucha, where more than 350 corpses have been discovered. After Russia said it was withdrawing from western Ukraine to focus its attention on the east, harrowing images of bodies lining the streets began to emerge. The Kremlin continued denying any responsibility, as it faced accusations of war crimes and genocide. Moscow even went as far as to claim Ukraine had planted bodies in an attempt to discredit Vladimir Putin’s regime. Although it has withdrawn troops from the area, Russia has vowed to ramp up missile attacks on the Ukrainian capital in response to alleged aggression on Russian territory. The ominous warning came after Moscow’s stinging loss of the Moskva – its flagship in the Black Sea. Russian authorities accused Ukraine of wounding seven people and damaging about 100 residential buildings with airstrikes in Bryansk, a region bordering Ukraine. Authorities in another border region of Russia also reported Ukrainian shelling Thursday. Ukrainian officials have not confirmed striking targets in Russia, and the reports could not be independently verified. Tentative signs of pre-war life have resurfaced in the capital after Russian troops failed to capture the city Russia’s warning of renewed airstrikes did not stop Kyiv residents from taking advantage of a sunny and slightly warmer spring day as the weekend approached. More people than usual were out on the streets Friday, walking dogs, riding electric scooters and strolling hand in hand. In one central park, a small group of people including a woman draped in a Ukrainian flag danced to the music of a portable speaker. Residents reported hearing explosions in parts of Kyiv overnight, but it was not clear what sites were targeted. In his nightly address yesterday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky told Ukrainians they should be proud of having survived 50 days under Russian attack when the invaders ‘gave us a maximum of five’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.