Although it’s hard to believe looking at this week’s weather forecast, spring is officially upon us. Hopefully, March’s short-lived heatwave gave us a glimpse of the warm weather to come in the next few months – not just because we want to get our beer garden hats on, but also to give us some respite from our mounting energy bills. As the weather gets hotter, we’ll be able to use our radiators and boilers less, but there are some extra hacks to save even more money on energy in the springtime. From a little bit of spring cleaning to making use of the natural sunlight, here is some expert advice on how to save money on your energy bills this spring. While it might seem like the best idea to turn off your boiler completely, this will also turn off your hot water. Instead, Daniel Nezhad from UK Radiators suggests tweaking the settings on your thermostat/control panel to only provide hot water and not heating. ‘This way, you will still get hot water throughout the house, but your radiators won’t come on,’ he says. One downside to this might be that you still need to use one radiator to dry clothes or towels. If this is the case, Nezhad recommends switching to a dual fuel radiator or towel rail. ‘Dual fuel systems pay for themselves over time as you’re making your home more efficient in terms of heating,’ he adds. ‘Central heating is the most cost effective heating solution in the winter months, but in the warmer months, you don’t want to have to turn the central heating on every day just to dry your towels in the bathroom. ‘Dual fuel gives you the best of central heating benefits in the winter and then the flexibility and single or individual control in the summer.’ Although our British weather usually means we need to continue heating our homes during spring and summer, particularly in the evenings, it’s a good idea to reduce the temperature of your heating. ‘The lower end of 18 degrees is a good temperature to not risk getting too hot as the weather fluctuates,’ says Nezhad. ‘You’ll also save yourself money by having it lower and having to turn it up occasionally as opposed to having it higher and not bothering to turn it down when it gets too warm. ‘You can also turn down the TRVs (thermostatic radiator valves) on your radiators while making use of the heat from the sun.’ Don’t leave out your heating systems, like radiators, when you’re spring cleaning this year – clean radiators are warm radiators. ‘Dusty, dirty radiators don’t just look unkempt, they can also drastically affect the efficiency of your heating,’ Nezhad says. ‘Aside from the dust clogging up the fins, other problems such as rust and general grime can severely impact how well your radiators work and look. ‘Cleaning up your radiators could also save you money on those rare occasions you need to use your heating as the weather warms up.’ If you’re lucky enough to have a big south or south-west facing window in your home, you’ll be able to reap the benefits of the sunnier days while saving money on your lighting and heating. Nezhad advises keeping your blinds and curtains open for as long as possible. He says: ‘The brighter mornings and longer evenings mean not only a reduced use of lighting but also some reduced use of your heating as the sunlight streams in and keeps rooms warm. ‘An added bonus is that you can also start to dry your clothes outside if you’re blessed with the space, which will help to prevent damp build-up and will therefore chase away some of the chill. ‘It also means you’re not putting damp clothes on cold radiators and so will prevent external damage to your radiators such as corrosion and rust.’ Finally, if you are planning to turn your boiler off for a while when the weather gets warmer, make sure you turn it on every once in a while to make sure it’s still working. ‘Just like with the battery in your car (it goes flat if you don’t run the engine for a little while regularly), if you don’t run your heating occasionally, you could find that your central heating won’t turn on when you come to use it in the autumn,’ says Nezhad. ‘This can be avoided by simply switching on your heating once a month and waiting until your radiators begin to get warm. ‘Doing this once a month throughout the summer will prevent the pump and diverter valve, which direct water around the heating system, from seizing up.’ That way, your summer of savings won’t be spoiled by you having to fork out for a new boiler come winter. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Martin Lewis says ‘heat humans not homes’ in response to energy bill crisis MORE : These five kitchen appliances are the worst for your energy bills MORE : What to do if your energy bill is wrong