Airports are preparing for a chaotic weekend as the Easter rush hots up and staff shortages bite. Holidaymakers are expected to see delays and cancellations this weekend despite last minute efforts to shore up operations. The recent surge in Covid-19 cases has led to staff shortages across the tourism sector just as families look forward to a holiday without restrictions. This school holiday period is the first in April without limits on travel in three years but airports and airlines are struggling with demand. EasyJet and British Airways have cancelled hundreds of flights in recent days, with crews stretched to breaking point by absences and cuts implemented when the industry was all-but shuttered earlier in the pandemic. More than 100 flights scheduled to leave Heathrow and Gatwick were pulled on Wednesday. A further 15,000 passengers could reportedly be impacted today and there are fears the disruption could stretch into the weekend. Saturday is on course to be one of the busiest days for UK airports since Covid-19 arrived. Border staff will have to handle returning holidaymakers who left when the school holidays began last week at the same time as dealing with a rush of departures. Some of the worst delays have been at Manchester Airport, where customers have reported queuing for three hours to get through security. Mayor Andy Burnham said the situation was ‘unacceptable’ and would not be solved overnight despite emergency measures. Manchester Airport apologised this weekend to passengers after they admitted they had ‘fallen short of the standards they expected’ and on Tuesday its managing director Karen Smart stepped down. On Wednesday, Mr Burnham said: ‘All airports have struggled to one extent or another with lengthy queues caused by staffing issues arising from the pandemic. ‘But it is clear that Manchester has faced particular challenges. ‘Some of the issues being experienced by Manchester Airport are beyond their control. ‘However, that is not to say that other things could not have been done differently.’ The airport has hired 220 new staff in recent weeks but most are still awaiting security clearance. He called on the minister for security and borders to priorities the vetting of staff critical to the smooth running of large airports. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.