Annie Mac revealed her obscure pronunciation of the word ‘kneading’ during Celebrity Bake Off on Tuesday night and we’ll never say it the same way again. The DJ and podcaster, who was among the stars competing in the Stand Up To Cancer charity special, joined the likes of Ed Gamble, Example, and Matt Lucas in the tent. For the technical challenge, the contestants were tasked with making six identical raspberry doughnuts, and Annie was keen to hammer her dough by ‘nedding’ it. Yes, it looks like Nigella Lawson’s ‘microwavé’ has competition! ‘Maybe I should do a bit more nedding,’ Annie said. Talking viewers through the process, she continued: ‘You’re trying to get more air into it, so it’s less dense. ‘The only way you do that is by nedding it.’ Presenter Noel Fielding was rather amused by Annie’s unique take on the word and confronted her about it. ‘Word on the street is that instead of kneading dough you keep saying “nedding” dough,’ he said. ‘Just because I don’t know the baking lingo!’ Annie retorted. ‘In my opinion, it’s an upgrade,’ Noel replied. ‘Don’t let anyone else tell you otherwise.’ It’s safe to say viewers were a little stunned by Annie’s pronounciation, with one writing:  ‘Wait, Annie Mac pronounces “kneading” nedding?’ Others, however, were quick to share gifs of The Simpsons character Ned Flounders. Each year, The Great Celebrity Stand Up To Cancer sees a host of celebrity bakers head to the tent, in an attempt to raise some money and cause some chaos in the kitchen. This year’s crop of 19 celebrities includes Sir Mo Farah, singer Ellie Goulding and Strictly Come Dancing judge Motsi Mabuse. Other stars putting their baking skills to the test include comedian and creator of Taskmaster Alex Horne, TV presenter Emma Willis, and choirmaster Gareth Malone. Also hoping to impress the judges are actor and author Ben Miller, The Inbetweeners star Blake Harrison, and TV and radio presenter Clara Amfo. Former Coronation Street actress Katherine Kelly, TV presenter Laura Whitmore, writer and comedian Mawaan Rizwan, TV star Ruby Wax, TV presenter Sophie Morgan, Friday Night Dinner’s Tracy-Ann Oberman and musician Yung Filly complete the line-up. Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up To Cancer 2022 returns Tuesday at 8pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 