Rishi Sunak’s multi-millionaire wife is coming under increasing pressure to explain why she is allegedly ‘sheltering’ herself from paying tax in the UK. Akshata Murty, who is said to be richer than the Queen with an estimated net worth of £430 million, confirmed she holds non-domiciled status – known as non-dom. The arrangement means her permanent home is considered outside the UK despite the Sunaks living in a mansion in Kensington, west London, with their two children. It also means Ms Murty is not legally entitled to pay tax on money she makes abroad, potentially saving herself millions over the last few years, The Independent reported. The fashion-designer and daughter of billionaire entrepreneur N.R Narayana Murthy – the sixth richest man in India – insists she pays taxes on all UK income. Her spokeswoman said the set-up is required because she is an Indian citizen, but MPs and tax experts have disputed this. ‘You don’t have to be a non-dom. You choose to do it,’ Ed Miliband said.  The Labour frontbencher said questions were legitimate as Mr Sunak’s immediate family ‘are sheltering a large part of their income from UK taxes’ during a time of real hardship. Professor Richard Murphy, the Sheffield University academic who co-founded the Tax Justice Network, also questioned her statement, insisting that being a non-dom is a ‘choice’ she can relinquish. ‘Domicile has nothing to do with a person’s nationality,’ he said. ‘In other words, the claims made in the statement issued by Ms Murty are wrong, and as evidence, just because a person has Indian citizenship will never automatically grant them non-dom status in the UK.’ It is understood the Chancellor declared his wife’s tax status when he became a minister in 2018 and the Treasury was also aware so that any potential conflicts could be managed. Ms Murty is listed on LinkedIn as being director of capital and private equity firm Catamaran Ventures, gym chain Digme Fitness and gentlemen’s outfitters New and Lingwood. She also reportedly holds a 0.91% stake in tech giant Infosys, which her father – described as ‘India’s Bill Gates’ – founded in the 1980s. Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng defended Ms Murty’s non-dom arrangement as ‘in order’, calling the scrutiny of her finances ‘completely unfair’. He said ‘sheltering’ sounds as if you’re ‘evading’ things, adding: ‘I think she’s been very clear, she’s been very transparent, the Chancellor’s been very transparent, and this non-dom status has been part of the UK tax system for more than 200 years.’ Ms Murty spokeswoman said: ‘Akshata Murty is a citizen of India, the country of her birth and parents’ home. ‘India does not allow its citizens to hold the citizenship of another country simultaneously. ‘So, according to British law, Ms Murty is treated as non-domiciled for UK tax purposes. She has always and will continue to pay UK taxes on all her UK income.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.