Lewis Hamilton faces another difficult weekend at the Australian Grand Prix, with the struggling Mercedes team unlikely to take a step forward in performance. The Brackley-based squad are not bringing significant upgrades to the race at the Albert Park circuit in Melbourne, which means that the chances of them being able to challenge frontrunners Ferrari and Red Bull for the victory are slim to none. Mercedes have won every constructors’ championship since 2014 but have dropped down the grid order this season after failing to nail the transition into Formula 1’s new era of technical regulations. Each team has had to completely revamp its car design for 2022 with F1 altering its rules in an effort to allow cars to follow one another more easily and for drivers to race each other harder. Charles Leclerc and Max Verstappen’s terrific, tactical tussles for the lead during first two races of the campaign in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia have shown that the new cars are indeed fulfilling their purpose. But with a car which is suffering from intense bouncing at high speed on the straights, and which is simply slower than its rivals through the corners, Hamilton and team-mate George Russell are competing for midfield points rather than race victories. Team principal Toto Wolff broached the team’s poor form in his preview of the Australian race, writing: ‘At the moment, our track performance is not meeting our own expectations, but everyone at Brackley and Brixworth is focused on understanding the problems and finding the right solutions. ‘There won’t be a magic fix for the next race weekend, but we’re pushing to steadily bring gains over the upcoming races, to hopefully move us closer to the front of the pack. Until then, we need to maximise each opportunity and make the most of the package we have.’ The PA news agency reports that the team will not be bringing any upgrades to Melbourne, which means Hamilton will be driving the same car he failed to make it out of the first round of qualifying with in Saudi Arabia a fortnight ago. Red Bull’s pair of late retirements at the season opener in Bahrain means Mercedes are still second in the constructors’ championship, but Hamilton is only fifth in the drivers’ standings, already 29 points behind early leader Leclerc. Lando Norris defends decision to sign long-term F1 contract with McLaren after criticism George Russell and Toto Wolff issue Mercedes warning ahead of Australian Grand Prix For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 