Tony Bennett will not be appearing at the Grammy Awards due to his ongoing battle with Alzheimer’s, his son confirmed. The legendary entertainer, 95, had been invited to perform alongside Lady Gaga at the ceremony on April 3, but will not be able to attend. Danny Bennett, his son and manager, told Variety in a statement: ‘Tony is beyond thrilled, particularly at the young age of 95, to once again be recognised along with his musical collaborator and dear friend Lady Gaga by the Recording Academy for their album Love for Sale. ‘To have the album nominated in six categories including Album of the Year and Record of the Year is an incredible honour. ‘Although the producers had invited both Tony and Gaga to perform in Sunday’s Grammys broadcast, it is unfortunate that due to his continuing struggle with Alzheimer’s, he was not able to accept. ‘It was decided that it would be fitting for Lady Gaga to perform on her own to represent for both of them.’ While he won’t be there in person, Tony will be watching on from home as the statement concluded: ‘There is no doubt, that she will offer up an impeccable performance from Love for Sale, which is Tony’s final album. ‘He will be cheering her on as he watches from his home in New York City.’ The two, who have released music together in the past, performed a song from their first album, Cheek To Cheek, at the 2014 Grammys. The jazz icon was diagnosed with Alzheimer’s in 2016 and announced his retirement from performing last year. Tony and Lady Gaga performed his last show together in August 2021, titled One Last Time, and held at New York’s Radio City Music Hall. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : From J Lo’s dress creating Google Images to Lady Gaga’s egg-cellent entrance: Wildest Grammys moments of all time MORE : ‘Awkward’ moment Lady Gaga ‘snubs’ Caitlyn Jenner at Elton John’s Oscars party with barista quip 