Use your energy wisely today and try not to get distracted by selfish people and financial temptations. Be savvy about who you spend time with, Libra. Capricorns, look inwards. It’s a day to reflect on that uneasy topic. And for Taurus, romance is in the air. But is it the real deal? Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for today, April 27, 2022. Read on for your star sign’s forecast. March 21 to April 20 You could feel a sense of frustration concerning a bond that never seems to take off. This might lead to further tensions. If someone doesn’t want to commit to a relationship, project or collaboration, then it can be best to back off. Use your energy on more fruitful and fulfilling associations. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Someone might find you attractive, but do you feel the same about them? Your personality could be different to theirs. There is a dreamy quality around social and romantic relationships that can make for some special dates, or leave you wondering where you stand. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You might be encouraged to be kind and compassionate, and this could conflict with an intense and more determined attitude. You’ll need to find the middle path. Being too accommodating might see you taken advantage of, while an assertive approach might prove too much. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 An opportunity can appear attractive. While it could be perfect, there’s a chance that it might not be good for you. You’ll need to see past the hype to what is really on offer. It’s worth waiting a few days and finding out as much as you can. Once involved, it could be hard to beat a retreat. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 On the surface you might appear confident about a project or new romance, but the way you feel on the inside could be different. You seem outward going but in reality, you might prefer to use magnetic charm to attract. A mix can see you being sassy, which might just work. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 A lively encounter might be memorable for more reasons than one. This person might have interesting information to share. Look into it and you could see the significance right away. You might also be drawn to someone, and yet wary of them. No harm in asking a few questions first. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You might be more forthright than usual. And yet if someone should flash you a helpless smile, you could come running in an instant. Don’t feel you have to drop everything to assist another, especially if they can help themselves. You might be drawn to those who take advantage, so be savvy. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Whether you spend on yourself or on others, there might be a tendency to let money run through your fingers. If you feel like treating yourself, then make it something that will benefit you. Falling for someone? There’s no need to splash the cash to impress. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You have so much going for you, but be clear on what you want. You could get distracted, or be lost for choice. Something may stand out as being special. But don’t let this blind you to other options which might not seem quite so amazing, but can bring a better return if you put in the hard work. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 There are some things that might remain a mystery, unless you can take time to find out what is really going on. This could be a good time to reflect on difficult issues. The answer might show up in a dream, or as an intuitive nudge that is hard to ignore. Take note to help unravel tangled strands. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You could spend far more than intended on something that might be cheaper if you remove the veneer of glamour that comes with it. Whether you’re tempted to redecorate or change your image, it’s worth looking around and avoiding the temptation of buying expensive. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Something can be blindingly obvious, but you might not want to see it. It could be far easier to look at the illusion, rather than the reality. Yet over the next day or so, you might not avoid the truth. Someone could point it out to you, or you’ll have to admit to it when it becomes obvious. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness