Miss Dolly Parton is a bunny with wanderlust – and the pet rabbit has travelled more than most humans since being adopted by her owner two years ago. Nicki Hinkle, 41, estimates that she’s covered over 9,000 miles with her fluffy companion, making Miss Dolly one of the most well-travelled bunnies out there. So far, the pair have toured the US, visiting Las Vegas, New York, Ohio, Colorado, Pennsylvania, and exploring all of their home state, West Virginia. ‘We have visited some amazing places together, she’s the best travel companion,’ said Nicki. ‘We flew from Pittsburgh to Las Vegas, it was a four-and-a-half-hour flight but she was so good during the flight. We flew with Spirit, as they are one of the only airlines that don’t class rabbits as rodents, so they were happy to have her onboard. ‘The air hostess very kindly let me have Miss Dolly Parton next to me on the flight and she looked out of the window for most of the flight.’ Alongside cross-country trips, Miss Dolly Parton is treated to a life of luxury, having been rescued by Nicki on the side of the road as a baby. She’s got her own bed set up in a princess style tent, and Nicki makes matching meals (in smaller portions of course) for herself and her pet. The owner explained: ‘Everyone had babies in lockdown, but I decided to have a rabbit. I saw her at a roadside stand, and I just fell in love with her. ‘She is only two years old, but I feel we have achieved a lot in her two years of life.’ Nicki says her favourite moment with Dolly was when they went hiking together in the deserts of Las Vegas. The friendly rabbit would find fresh fruit and vegetables as she went, delighting her doting human. Having grown up on a farm, Nicki has grown up with different animals and rabbits, but Miss Dolly Parton is the first rabbit she has had indoors in her child-free home by choice. She added: ‘I have a special travel bag which can be unzipped and made into a tunnel so she could stretch her legs. She was very comfortable. ‘When we are out, she is in her carrier and she is on my back, but when we’re sat somewhere the carrier can be unzipped and allows expansion so she can move around.’ The pair are regularly stopped by passers-by who want to find out more about their intrepid adventures. However, Nicki said: ‘I would never force her to do anything she doesn’t want to.. She doesn’t like other animals and pets. She is quite nervous, but she loves people.’ Because Miss Dolly Parton is registered as an emotional support animal, helping Nicki with anxiety, she’s allowed to travel with her. Nicki continued: ‘She is such an intelligent rabbit; she knows her name and knows a number of commands. ‘Travelling with her is so easy she is so good. I love having her with me on my travels. She came travelling with me after one week of having her. ‘Our next adventure will be something to do with biking and kayaking.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The DIY jobs you should always call in experts for MORE : How I Made It: ‘I career switched and turned my hobby into a thriving business’