So, you have decided you want to invest – or at least you think you do – but you’ve never done it before. Where on earth do you start? Not knowing where or how to get going is a major barrier and the single biggest reason that prevents cash savers from taking this step, second only to the fear of losing money, according to the under-45s we polled. On our Boring Money Ask service, where consumers can post questions for free to financial advisers, the most-liked question is about getting started: ‘What are the best platforms to invest on for a beginner?’ Before you get started, just make sure it’s the right step for you. The very first question you must ask is this: Are my finances secure enough to allow me to start investing? When you invest money, it’s sensible to see this pot of money as ‘long-term savings’ – by which I mean we need an anticipated timeframe of at least five years. As much as possible, we all need to have some savings held in cash, so that when the emergencies happen (think your car breaks down or work dries up) you don’t have to sell your investments to get by. Do you have a short-term pot of cash to cover you if something like this were to happen? A good rule of thumb is to have enough to cover at least three months of essential costs (think bills, transport, mortgage) to get you through a loss of income or an unforeseen expense. If you have these emergency savings in cash, and no expensive debt such as credit cards, then it makes sense to consider investments as a potential next step. If not – start with accumulating this short-term cash pot as a more immediate focus. For the vast majority of first-time investors, a stocks and shares Isa is the no-brainer starting place. An Isa is effectively just an account which is quarantined from the clutches of the tax man. Once you put money into this account, any gains you make are free from tax when (hopefully) the money grows and you withdraw it. So it’s a sensible place to start your investing journey. Each year, we all have a massive £20,000 maximum allowance to put into an Isa. But don’t panic – many options will let you start with as little as £1. If you’ve had a cash Isa before, it’s the same ‘tax quarantined’ principle. But you’re using the account to hold stock market investments, not cash. Lots of providers will offer a stocks and shares Isa account. These are mostly online and mobile services which let you log in, check your balance, choose your investment to put into the Isa and add or withdraw money. The industry calls these ‘platforms’. The main points of difference between them are charges, how easy they are to use on a mobile or online, and how much support they give you in working out what to actually put into your Isa. We’ve built a comparison service at Boring Money which is free to use, and includes investor ratings and feedback, along with price comparison and our independent views and scores. We also show you what you would pay for any given amount you plan to invest. Here are some useful things to consider: How much do you want to get into the geeky stuff? How much do you want to make like the next Wolf of Wall Street? And how much do you just want someone to do it all for you, and take the pain away? Some investment providers offer complex charts and detailed research. That’s great if you’re financially savvy or have some experience, but for a beginner it may feel overwhelming. Broadly speaking there are two types of stocks and shares Isas out there: 1) A DIY account where you choose and blend the investments that go into your Isa yourself; 2) A ready made account where the provider builds a portfolio for you with a mix of different things, removing the burden of choice and complexity. The DIY Isa will give you access to research and comparison tools, but you’ll need to choose what to put into your Isa. There are literally thousands of choices so you will need to be up for the process. The ready made Isa is a good option for beginners. Mostly offered by so-called robo advisors, some of the better-known ones include Nutmeg, Wealthify and Moneybox. They will help guide you through the process with a painless set of questions or some content to help you pick one of (typically) five to ten options. Larger global brands offering ready-made journeys include Vanguard (check out their LifeStrategy funds) and some high-street banks such as Santander and Barclays have simple investment journeys for banking customers. Do compare the charges to make sure you’re paying a reasonable amount. Our tables at boringmoney.co.uk will help you. There are basically two costs to look out for – one for the Isa itself (often called an administration or ‘platform’ fee) and a second charge for the investments you hold in the Isa account. As a general rule, anything from 0.25 to 0.45% is common for administration (that’s £2.50 to £4.50 per year on a £1,000 investment). This is the Isa account admin fee. The investments you then put into the Isa will range from around 0.2% at the cheaper end of the spectrum to about 0.85% for something more expensive. Add these up, and this means a DIY Isa will cost you anywhere in the range of about 0.45% a year to 1.3% a year, depending which Isa and investments you choose. Many beginners find it easier to go with a ready-made or ‘robo advisor’. The combined all-in fees for these options will typically come in at around 1% a year. Risk is just a fact of life when we’re thinking about investing. It is inevitable that we will see our money have good years and bad years. But this risk is not unpredictable – we just need to get our heads around the fact that volatility is inevitable. Investment risk is not as hardcore as other risks if we stick with mainstream brands and products. For example, if you ski down a black run, risk means you might break your leg. It’s all bad! But investment risk often just describes the volatility – the potential ups and downs. ‘Risky’ investments are those which could fall the most in a bad year, but also gain the most in a good year. This is why timeframes are so important. If you are going for a ready made Isa then you will need to choose a ‘risk profile’. Don’t just chicken out and choose the middle one. Read about your choices and map them to your timeframes. If this is a three to five- year savings pot then low-risk (low volatility) options are sensible. If this is ten years or more, then don’t be afraid of ‘higher-risk’ options. If you do prefer to pick and choose your own investments, then I remind you of the words of George Soros, a hugely successful investor. Good investing is boring – if you’re enjoying it, you’re probably not very good at it. (I paraphrase). Humans are lovely but flawed creatures. As soon as we start to pick and choose, ego comes into the equation -and ego is a horrible investor. Consider using funds as a way to have some control over investing, but still have a very diversified mix of investments. Holly Mackay is the CEO and founder of Boring Money, which provides independent reviews and Best Buys for investors. She holds more than 25 test investment accounts, to help her sort the good from the bad and the ugly. If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. MORE : Bitcoin surged – then fell – following an executive order from Joe Biden MORE : Why millennials would be better off investing in ISAs than cryptocurrency MORE : This is how to get started in investing without stress