A royal photographer has shared his favourite image of The Queen from his more than three decades of coverage to mark her birthday. Tim Rooke, who works for Shutterstock Editorial, chose his shot of Her Majesty looking ‘truly happy’ in an orange outfit on an engagement in 2019. The Queen, who turns 96 today, was ‘simply radiant’ at the launch of a new summer exhibition at the London Science Museum when the veteran photographer captured her bright costume and warm smile. She repeated the ensemble in October last year for the start of the Commonwealth Games baton relay at Buckingham Palace. Tim was ‘delighted’ to get a more intimate frame of the royal without the usual throng of adoring crowds obscuring the shot. Asked about his favourite picture, he said: ‘I have many, but I would have to say my favourite is from a royal engagement at the London Science Museum in March 2019. ‘Her Majesty looks simply radiant in orange. Her outfit — the hat, the jacket — and her flowers tie together so beautifully. ‘She looks really happy — a true, genuine smile is one of the most wonderful things to be photographed, in my opinion— and this photo is a perfect example of that. ‘I was truly delighted to get a shot of her smiling without tons of fans getting in the way.’ Tim also picked out a picture of Queen Elizabeth II at the then unopened National Maritime Museum on her Golden Jubilee Tour in May 2002. Resplendent in a rouge overcoat and matching hat, she met crowds waving Union Jack flags as she began her trip around the UK in Falmouth, Cornwall. The Queen and Prince Philip were given a 21-gun salute and shown a familiar exhibit, a yacht called Bluebottle which had been given to them by the Island Sailing Club of Cowes as a wedding gift in 1948. Amid the pageantry and fanfare, Tim is always keen to capture the human element shown by the national figurehead, who is reportedly marking today’s milestone in low-key style at her Sandringham Estate. ‘It can be quite easy to capture a photo of the Queen looking serious, so I’m always pleased to take one of her smiling,’ he said. ‘It shows her character and leadership. ‘When I photograph the Queen smiling, I aim to capture all the elements of her as both a sovereign and a strong woman. ‘With this shot, the bright colours and coordinated outfit are always a great addition to an already wonderful photograph.’ Tim became Royal Photographer for Shutterstock in 1990, capturing the family’s history across generations and licensing his work to the world’s media. He has also photographed other royal families across the world. While the Queen is admired for the consumate way she conducts her role, he is always on the look out for telling off-guard moments. Covering her 90th birthday, Tim discovered the monarch looking a touch put out as the typical British weather descended on Buckingham Palace. She had taken a peek out of the window before one of a number of events to mark the occasion took place in June 2016. ‘Being up close with the Queen is truly a surreal experience,’ he said. ‘There are many encounters that have stood out over the years, but what comes to mind particularly is the Queen’s 90th birthday celebration. ‘The tables had already been set up for her Jubilee when it began pouring with rain. ‘The Queen ever so slightly peered out from behind the curtain of her window — a truly unexpected sight — and I was lucky enough to catch it with my camera. ‘It was a simplistic moment, but one I will never forget as we were surrounded by thousands of people preparing to celebrate. ‘It was one of those special, candid moments, capturing someone peering out at the rain, a basic human action.’ Another image chosen by the photographer shows the Queen looking regal, yet still with her endearing smile, at a state banquet in France. The function in June 2014 was part of official events held in Paris to mark the 70th Anniversary of the Liberation. The Queen was alongside the Duke of Edinburgh, who died last year aged 99. She has continued her 70-year reign as the longest-serving monarch in history, although she has taken a more low key public role following a number of health issues over the past year. However the head of state will become a focal point once more in June, when a major programme of events to celebrate her unprecendented Platinum Jubilee is due to take place across the country. The itinerary includes a four-day bank holiday between the first Thursday and Sunday of the month, when there are plans for public events and community activities, as well as national moments of reflection. A Big Jubilee Lunch, birthday parade on The Mall and a Platinum Pudding baking competition are among the showpieces recognising Her Majesty’s service to the nation and the Commonwealth. Further activities throughout the year include the planting of 60,000 trees for The Queen’s Green Canopy project. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.