Wayne Rooney has warned Manchester United fans not to expect a quick fix to their problems following the appointment of Erik ten Hag as manager. Ajax boss Ten Hag, who has won two Eredivisie titles, will take over the side at the end of the season after signing a three-year deal at Old Trafford. The 52-year-old replaces current interim manager Ralf Rangnick, with the German set to move into a consultancy position at United. While Ten Hag is one of the most respected coaches in Europe, Rooney insists Manchester United’s problems will not disappear ‘overnight’ and says the Dutchman needs to be given time at his struggling former club. United have been in disarray since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement almost a decade ago, going five years without a trophy and hiring and firing five separate managers. The Red Devils have slipped way behind Premier League rivals Manchester City and Liverpool and are just sixth in the table following a 4-0 thumping at Anfield earlier this week. Reacting to Ten Hag’s appointment at Old Trafford, Manchester United and England record goalscorer Rooney told Sky Sports: ‘Obviously it’s a massive job. ‘It’s good to see they’ve put a manager in there. It looks like they’re going to give him a bit of time, from what I’ve seen. I’m sure they’re going to let him rebuild the squad because that needs to happen. ‘I think the fans have to be a little bit patient with it because it’s not going to change overnight or as quick as you would like. ‘So they need to be a little patient, as long as they see progression and players working and playing for the shirt, with a view of maybe challenging for the title in the next three years. ‘I think United fans need to be realistic with that and that’s what I’m sure the club are hoping for. I think it’s positive news today for Manchester United fans.’  Ten Hag was not the only manager to be interviewed by Manchester United, with Paris Saint-Germain’s Mauricio Pochettino also in the frame for the vacant role. But the ongoing turbulence at PSG appears to have convinced United to choose Ten Hag, who led Ajax to the Champions League semi-finals in 2019. United No. 1 goalkeeper David de Gea was one of the first players to react to Ten Hag’s imminent arrival at the Theatre of Dreams. ‘Very excited the club has made the decision so now we all know,’ the Spaniard told MUTV. ‘We know what he has done for Ajax, he has nearly been in a Champions League final, won titles and he develops players, so I’m very excited. ‘I think he plays very good football. Now we have to be focused on the last games but we are excited for this. Now let’s focus on Arsenal and fight for the top four.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 