Campaigners have called on the Queen to issue an apology for Britain’s role in slavery during a controversial royal visit to Saint Lucia. The Earl and Countess of Wessex continue to meet backlash in the island country after one of its biggest radio hosts slammed their week-long Platinum Jubilee tour yesterday. Things only got worse when Edward, 58, and Sophie, 57, encountered a group of some 10 protesters in the town of Soufriere before a trip to a cocoa plantation. One man, who wished to remain anonymous, said: ‘We want reparations now. The Queen of England needs to apologise for slavery.’ Another added ‘London Bridge is falling down’. The group waved banners reading ‘repatriation with reparations’ and ‘Queen say sorry’ while chanting and playing drums. Such reaction should not serve as a surprise for the Royal Family after the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were also the subject of protests in the Caribbean in March. Prior to the Wessex’s tour, officials in Antigua and Barbuda also warned the couple to avoid ‘phoney sanctimony’ over slavery. Its Reparations Support Commission penned an open letter to them, saying: ‘For us, they are the source of genocide and of continuing deep international injury, injustice and racism. ‘We hope you will respect us by not repeating the mantra. We are not simpletons.’ Anti-monarchist campaigners also criticised Edward for his lack of interest in a speech made by Gaston Browne, prime minister of Antigua and Barbuda. The earl joked that he had not been taking notes during Mr Browne’s opening remarks, so could not respond to all the points he had made. The prime minister did not laugh at the comment. The demonstrations in St Lucia also follow the example of residents of St Vincent and the Grenadines, where some held signs saying ‘compensation now’ and ‘Britain your debt is outstanding’. Sophie and Edward are scheduled to have lunch with Saint Lucia’s prime minister before travelling around the island’s Unesco World Heritage Site. The couple will finish their engagements in Soufriere at the Mini Stadium where they will watch a performance celebrating the country’s young people. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.