Britain’s Got Talent act Andrew Basso left everyone at home on the edge of their seats while trying to escape from a locked tank full of water. The ITV talent competition returned for another episode packed full of auditionees hoping to get their big break. But the scariest was left til last, with Italian escapologist Andrew even leaving Simon Cowell in a bit of panic during his act. The competitor quickly left host Ant McPartlin warning ‘Don’t try this at home, alright?’ when it became clear just how dangerous Andrew’s act was. He was locked in a glass tank, with his hands handcuffed together – and, of course, he was also upside-down. Being inspired by Harry Houdini, Andrew was aiming to get himself out in around two minutes. But as the timer ticked past this point, he appeared to be struggling to get himself out of the box. ‘This actually does freak me out,’ Simon told his fellow panellists before David Walliams asked: ‘Is this part of the act?’ The dramatic background music had even run out, which sparked concern from the audience. Luckily, seconds later, he managed to make it out of the tank – just before help rushed on to assist the act. After being blown away by what he’d just witnessed, Simon asked: ‘Why would you want to do this?’ With Andrew responding: ‘I feel alive.’ David, Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon all gave positive comments, with the latter adding: ‘It’s so hard to watch but I’m so impressed but your fearlessness.’ ‘There are a tiny tiny group of people in the world who can do what you just did, that’s an audition we’re never going to forget,’ Simon concluded. All four judges sent him through to the next stage of the competition, without hesitation. But what on earth will he be attempting next? We’re not sure we want to know. Britain’s Got Talent airs Saturday nights on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: Who is Golden Buzzer act Born to Perform? MORE : Britain’s Got Talent sparks further ‘fix’ claims as fans spot impressionist Suzi Wild is already ‘professional’ 