More than a quarter of Netflix users in the UK share their passwords with friends and family, according to new research. At least 27% of the estimated 14.9 million subscribers in the UK are guilty of doing it, with the practice most prevalent among 18- to 24-year-olds. The study from research firm Digital i found in Netflix’s five biggest European markets – the UK, Germany, Spain, France and Italy – a ‘minimum’ of 17 million households share their passwords. Spain leads the way with 47% of subscribers, followed by Germany (42%), France (35%) and Italy (33%). The UK, which is Netflix’s biggest European market, has the lowest level of password sharing of the five. ‘Our estimates came from analysing account activity, and we corroborated this with various other sources,’ Ali Vahdati, the Digital i chief executive told The Guardian. ‘That said, we still believe our results to slightly underestimate the [actual] incidence of password sharing,’ he added. But the carefree days of watching Netflix using a friend’s account might be numbered, as the streaming giant plans to tackle password sharing. Still reeling from a record loss in subscribers, Netflix might finally make people pay for sharing their password. The streaming giant is currently testing payment plans to curb password sharing in Latin America which could be rolled out to other countries eventually. Since last month, Netflix has been charging users in Chile, Costa Rica and Peru about £1.53 to £2.30 a month each to add up to two extra member accounts on top of their regular fee. The streaming giant believes more than 100 million households across the world are sharing passwords. The seemingly harmless practice is reportedly costing the company millions in revenue. ‘When we were growing fast, it wasn’t a high priority to work on. And now we’re working super hard on it,’ Netflix CEO Reed Hastings said during an investor call. MORE : Netflix confirms plans to start charging users who share passwords MORE : Netflix banning rule-breakers who use a VPN to watch restricted content