A Ukrainian mother who survived the bombing of a maternity hospital while pregnant is feared to have been captured by Russia after appearing in propaganda videos about the attack. Marianna Vishegirskaya was injured in an airstrike last month in Mariupol, where thousands of civilians are feared to have died as they fled heavy shelling by Putin’s forces. She gave birth two days later but was publicly accused of faking her injuries in a series of deranged tweets by the Russian embassy to the UK, contradicting on-the-ground reporting by the Associated Press news agency. Kremlin officials also contradicted each other in their attempts to ‘debunk’ facts about the bombing, which was quickly confirmed by several Western governments’ intelligence operations. A spokesperson for the Russian defence ministry claimed Russian troops had not bombed the hospital. Russia’s foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, said Russia had carried out a strike but insisted the site was a ‘legitimate target’ as it been converted into a military base by Ukrainian troops. Other officials did not deny that the hospital had been bombed while containing pregnant women and medical staff but claimed it had been carried out by Ukrainian troops to stir up anti-Russian hate. A Kremlin-linked Twitter account on Friday shared an interview with Marianna in which she said the hospital was not hit by an airstrike and claimed she had told APs journalists not to film her. In the interview, conducted by Russian blogger Denis Seleznev and filmed by Kristina Melnikova, Vishegirskaya is asked to explain what happened on that day. She confirms it was destroyed by explosions but believed they were caused by ‘shelling’, not an airstrike, because ‘no one ‘ heard sounds suggestive of bombs being dropped from planes. She says: ‘We heard the noise of a projectile. Then I personally, instinctively put a blanket on, and then we heard the second projectile.’ Marianna, a beauty blogger, goes on to repeat a number of the conflicting claims pumped out as part of Russia’s disinformation efforts. She claims the hospital was used as a base by Ukrainian soldiers, said they were the most likely culprits of the bombing, and that the attack wasn’t as big as had been claimed. She also claims to have been hiding in a basement with other patients, but the interview does not feature any discussion of whether she would have been able to hear the sound of a jet engine from below ground. Recordings of AP journalists’ interactions with her also contradict her claims that she told them she didn’t want to be filmed, as she can be seen looking directly at the camera and continues to speak freely to them. The Kremlin-linked account treated her claims as an authoritative account of the incident despite repeated earlier claims by Russian officials that she was a liar. There was no immediate confirmation of her location, although Western intelligence sources previously reported that Russian troops have been given orders to kidnap people in Ukraine and have them make forced confessions. Mariupol remains the scene of heavy fighting and much of the city has been flattened by bombing. The worst strike is thought to be an aerial bombing of the Donetsk Regional Drama Theatre which killed an estimated 300 of the 1,300 civliians hiding there. Pictures released on Sunday showed the theatre’s hallways and staircases completely hollowed out and burned. Some 100,000 people are thought to remain trapped in the ruins after repeated failed attempts by Ukrainian officials and international humanitarian organisations to organise safe evacuation routes. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.