Trevor Noah couldn’t help but take a pop at Will Smith while hosting the Grammys after the actor controversially slapped Chris Rock. The Daily Show presenter did the honours of hosting the 64th Grammy Awards in Las Vegas on Sunday and naturally addressed the hot topic in Hollywood. Of course, it was all about Smith, 53, who shocked the world when he stormed the Oscars stage and smacked Rock, 57, across the face for joking about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith. During his opening monologue at the Grammys, Trevor, 38, quipped: ‘It is going to be such a beautiful evening. Don’t even think of it as an award show, this is a concert where we’re giving out awards. ‘We’re going to be listening to some music, we’re going dancing, we’re going to be singing, we’re going to be keeping people’s names out of our mouths.’ It was a direct reference to the moment Smith repeatedly shouted at Rock from his seat to ‘keep my wife’s name out your f*****g mouth’. The incident occurred after Rock made a G.I. Jane joke about Smith’s wife Jada’s hair, despite her speaking openly in the past about having alopecia. Smith was allowed to stay at the ceremony despite his shocking actions and he went on to win best actor for his role in King Richard. During his acceptance speech, he apologised to the Academy and his fellow actors in the audience before issuing an apology to Rock in a statement the following day. He has since announced his resignation from the Academy and said on Friday: ‘I betrayed the trust of the Academy. I deprived other nominees and winners of their opportunity to celebrate and be celebrated for their extraordinary work. I am heartbroken. David Rubin, the president of the Academy, said in a statement sent to PA news agency: ‘We have received and accepted Mr Will Smith’s immediate resignation from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.’ He continued: ‘We will continue to move forward with our disciplinary proceedings against Mr Smith for violations of the Academy’s Standards of Conduct, in advance of our next scheduled board meeting on April 18.’ Rock is yet to fully address the incident but said at a recent stand-up show that he is ‘still processing’ the situation. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Grammys 2022: Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker heat up red carpet with passionate PDA fest MORE : Grammys 2022: Justin and Hailey Bieber, Paris Hilton and Chrissy Teigen and John Legend lead loved-up stars with major PDA on red carpet 