Comedian Gilbert Gottfried has died aged 67, his family has confirmed. The television and film star, who lent his voice to a number of movies over the course of his career, died after a long illness. ‘We are heartbroken to announce the passing of our beloved Gilbert Gottfried after a long illness,‘ a statement from his family read. ‘In addition to being the most iconic voice in comedy, Gilbert was a wonderful husband, brother, friend and father to his two young children.’ It continued: ‘Although today is a sad day for all of us, please keep laughing as loud as possibly in Gilbert’s honour. Love, the Gottfried family.’ Gottfried famously voiced the parrot Iago in Disney’s Aladdin animated films and TV show, as well as the Aflac Duck in the adverts until 2011. He also voiced Kraang Subprime in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and appeared as Peter’s horse in the Family Guy episode Boys Do Cry. Since 2014, Gottfried had hosted a Gilbert Gottfried’s Amazing Colossal Podcast, which featured discussions of classic films and celebrity interviews, most often with veteran actors, comedians, musicians, and comedy writers. Gottfried was famed for his crude humour and made ‘an endless series of masturbation jokes’ during the 1991 Emmys, in reference to Paul Reubens’ arrest for masturbating in an adult movie theatre. While viewers on the East Coast saw the entire set live, Fox censored the broadcast for the West Coast delay. Fox went on to issue an apology, stating that Gottfried’s jokes were ‘irresponsible and insulting’. Tributes for Gottfried have been flooding in, with F Is For Family co-creator Bill Burr writing: ‘Rest In Peace Gilbert Gottfried! ‘First time I saw him live he did his Jackie Kennedy bit: “Jackie do you remember where you were…” in front of drunk Bruins fans at Nicks.’ Actress Marlee Matlin penned: ‘I am so sad to read about the passing of Gilbert Gottfried. Funny, politically incorrect but a softie on the inside. We met many times; he even pranked me on a plane, replacing my interpreter @655jack (they’re like twins). Sending love to Dara & his children. RIP.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 