Morrisons and Waitrose are now rationing customers to two bottles of cooking oil each amid major shortages. As the largest exporter of sunflower oil in the world, Ukraine caters to a big part of the British market. Together with Russia, the countries produce an estimated 80% of the household staple globally. But due to logistical disruptions from the Black Sea area following the invasion, stocks of sunflower oil are running low. As a result, some shoppers are turning to alternatives, creating a shortage in all cooking oil. So supermarkets including Waitrose and Morrisons are now rationing the products, the Daily Express reports. Both chains have put up signs in stores to let people know of the new restrictions – which serve as a painful reminder to the first Covid-19 lockdown when shelves were emptied of products like toilet paper and pasta. A spokesperson for Waitrose said: ‘We want to ensure customers continue to have a choice of cooking oil, so we are asking them to buy no more than two units each.’ They added this applies to all cooking oils, not just sunflower oil. Restrictions are also in place for online shopping. According to Mintec, the leading provider of global commodity data, prices of sunflower oil in the EU still remain at unprecedented levels. They started rising in the first week of March after the Kremlin announced plans to implement an export quota of 1.5 million tonnes on sunflower oil, effective from this Friday. Since then, sunflower oil prices have dropped slightly but they remain at higher levels – up by 15% month-on-month and by 50% year-on-year. Mintec says the recent decline is due to rationing measures and people unwilling to pay more. Several countries have also shifted to alternative oils such as rapeseed oil, palm oil, soyabean oil and olive oil to offset shortages. Metro.co.uk has also reached out to Morrisons for a comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.