A Ukrainian family who was among the first refugees to leave the country under the British government’s humanitarian pathway has made a bright start to life in the UK. Mariia Petriv, 37, and her daughter, 8, and son, 10, are living in Cheshire having relocated almost a month ago after a journey where they were turned away at Calais due to red tape. The children have now been at a primary school for nearly a month, with teachers and schoolmates using hand signals to aid communication and make friends with the newcomers. As the siblings adjust to life in Runcorn, they were treated to a day out at SEA LIFE Manchester, where they saw sharks up close for the first time. The trio is currently learning English having relocated from Ivano-Frankivsk in western Ukraine, where a military airport near their home was hit by a series of missile strikes on the first night of the invasion. They have moved in with Mariia’s brother, Dmytro Petriv, and his wife, Olesja, after initially being turned away by UK officials based at the French port having made a road journey across Europe. Olesja said: ‘The school used to have some Syrian refugee children and there is an established programme to integrate kids who do not speak English. ‘The teachers at the school also use an online translator and the council has a refugee coordinator who is very helpful. ‘The other kids have been using hand signals to communicate and they have come to our house knocking on the windows asking the kids to come out and play. The English kids are really trying to welcome them. ‘They are definitely enjoying school, in fact, they prefer it to school in Ukraine. Schools in England are more open and polite with the kids, while in Ukraine it’s much more about hard work.’ Sofia and Sviatoslav enjoyed an ‘amazing’ day out at the aquarium, where the family was treated to a complimentary visit. ‘It was the first time the kids have been there and the first time they have seen some of the fishes and the sharks,’ Olesja said. ‘They were excited to visit and excited afterwards. ‘It was an amazing experience for them with plenty of positive emotions.’ The family’s new life with their English sponsors in the port town is set against a backdrop of daily reports from Ukraine of atrocities and war crimes committed by Russian troops. As with millions of Ukrainian families displaced across Europe, the adults have the sensitive task of explaining to the children what is taking place without causing them distress. Mariia and Dymtro’s father is still in Ukraine in a village near Ivano-Frankivsk, and although he is safe and in regular contact, Russian air strikes have hit military targets 2km from his home. The siblings are on Easter holiday but have been taking part in online learning with their Ukrainian school, which explains the Russian invasion. ‘We are explaining what is going on in a way that doesn’t hurt them,’ Olesja said. ‘We are using simple explanations that minimalise all the hard words. ‘But they know a bit because the teachers at the Ukrainian online school are trying to explain as well. The main thing is that they are fine; they are happy and they are safe with us.’ Mariia and her son and daughter have each been granted visas under the Ukraine Family Scheme, which allows applicants to join relatives in the UK. The government’s efforts to relocate Ukrainians have been heavily criticised after delays in issuing visas due to bureaucracy and wrangles on the ground. Olesja and Dymtro were among the first to experience the red tape after they drove out to pick up their Ukrainian relatives in Lyon, France, where they had been dropped off by a Bristol-based charity. Arriving at Calais on February 28, the group of five were told by British officials that, as the rules stood at the time, a sibling did not count as an immediate family member eligible to relocate with relatives in the UK. Mariia was redirected to a visa application centre in Paris to provide biometric data, and after two nights in a hotel was hosted by a French family in the capital as she waited for a decision. Olesja and Dymtro had to return home to Runcorn during an anxious wait for the government checks to be completed. The Ukrainian trio were finally given the all-clear and flew into Manchester on March 8, where an emotional reunion with the couple ensued. Around 16,400 people had arrived in the UK under Ukraine visa schemes as of last Monday, according to government figures. This is set against 94,700 applications being received, with 56,500 visas granted by Thursday, the statistics provided by the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities and the Home Office show. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.