A Ukrainian soldier has been pictured at Chernobyl for the first time since it was retaken from Russia. The power plant – the site of the world’s worst nuclear disaster in 1986 – and the northern Pripyat region were taken over by Putin’s forces within days of the invasion in February. Last week, Moscow ordered a retreat to the east, prompting the liberation of regions across the country. Ukraine’s defence ministry posted this morning: ‘Yes, today on April 03, the units of the Armed Forces of Ukraine took control of the district of Pripyat and the area of the State Border of Ukraine with the Republic of Belarus. ‘We continue to perform combat duties! Together to victory! Glory to the DSHW! Glory to Ukraine!’ Russia’s retreat came days after claims that dozens of their soldiers had fallen ill with ‘acute radiation sickness’ at the site. An employee at the Ukrainian state agency overseeing the exclusion zone said ‘irradiated’ Russian soldiers were being taken away by the bus load to a clinic in Belarus for treatment. Yaroslav Yemelianenko wrote on Facebook: ‘Another batch of Russian irradiated terrorists who seized the Chernobyl zone was brought to the Belarusian Radiation Medicine Center in Gomel today. ‘Have you dug trenches in the Red Forest, b*****s? Now live with it for the rest of your short life.’ Energoatom confirmed reports that Russians had dug trenches within the exclusion zone in the Red Forest and received ‘significant doses of radiation.’ The Russian troops ‘panicked at the first sign of illness,’ which ‘showed up very quickly,’ and began to prepare to leave, the operator said. Ukraine spent weeks expressing safety concerns about Chernobyl and demanded the withdrawal of Russian troops, whose presence prevented the rotation of the plant’s workers. The area is still contaminated with radioactive waste nearly 40 years after the meltdown at the power plant in 1986. The plant’s Ukrainian staff have continued to oversee the safe storage of spent nuclear fuel and supervise the concrete-encased remains of the reactor that exploded. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.