While Gen-Zers may be a bit of an unknown entity to Millenials, it seems that they’re equally confuddled by generations older than themselves, as evidenced by Billie Eilish fans this weekend. This was perfectly illustrated when the 20-year-old pop sensation took to the stage at Coachella and many of her fans reacted with bemusement when she was joined by ex Blur-frontman Damon Albarn, 54. During her set at the Californian festival on Saturday, Billie welcomed Damon on stage for a rendition of the song Getting Older, before they launched into a version of Feel Good Inc by Damon’s other band The Gorillaz. However, when he appeared on stage, many of Billie’s fans – who are of the aforementioned Generation Z – wrote on social media that they had no idea who Damon was. Taking to Twitter to share their confusion, several referred to Damon bluntly as an ‘old man’. One commented: ‘It’s so funny the way none of us know who that old man is.’ Another added: ‘Who is that old man?’ Some even mistook Damon for Elton John, while others thought that he could actually be Billie’s father. Meanwhile, others were quick to note that Damon’s appearance on the stage was ‘wasted’ on a US audience, and UK fans would have understood much better who he was. One Twitter user said: ‘Billie Eilish bringing out Damon Albarn and Posdnuos for ‘Feel Good Inc.’ was wasted on that crowd, cause why was everyone standing there like KMT.’ Another added that the crowd ‘did not pass the vibe check’ while others said that Billie needs to bring Damon to the UK because if there’d been a British crowd ‘everyone would have died’. Generation Z is classified as those born between 1997 and 2012, and they’re known for their love of TikTok and social media, their racial diversity, and their progressive political attitudes. Elsewhere, in January, Damon caused a stir when he claimed that Taylor Swift ‘doesn’t write her own songs’, while discussing the state of pop music today in an interview with the Los Angeles Times. Speaking to the outlet, he said matter-of-factly: ‘She doesn’t write her own songs.’ Reacting to the incorrect statement, Taylor hit back in a tweet, saying: ‘@DamonAlbarn I was such a big fan of yours until I saw this. I write ALL of my own songs. Your hot take is completely false and SO damaging. You don’t have to like my songs but it’s really f****d up to try and discredit my writing. WOW.’ She then quipped: ‘PS I wrote this tweet all by myself in case you were wondering.’ Damon has since apologised, replying: ‘Totally agree with you. i had a conversation about songwriting and sadly it was reduced to clickbait. I apologise unreservedly and unconditionally. The last thing I would want to do is discredit your songwriting. I hope you understand.’ MORE : Billie Eilish apologises for ‘not being Beyonce’ during epic Coachella headline performance MORE : Billie Eilish joins The Simpsons to jam with Lisa and fans are over the moon 