Tom Holland cut a suave figure in a vintage ensemble as he was spotted filming for upcoming anthology series The Crowded Room in New York City. The Spider-Man actor, 25, was in high spirits as he strolled around the set with his younger brother Harry, 23. Tom also chatted with co-star Sasha Lane, who rocked a pair of flares and leather jacket. As for the No Way Home star, he donned khaki wide-legged trousers with a checked shirt. His unruly brunette curls were styled in a shaggy ‘do, and he later donned a zip-up coat to stay warm through the night shoot. Tom’s name was first connected to The Crowded Room in April 2021, with the show set for release on Apple TV+. The 10-part series will tackle multiple personality disorder, with Tom playing Billy Milligan, the first person ever acquitted of a crime because of the mental disorder, which is known now as dissociative identity disorder. According to Deadline, the series will ‘explore the true and inspirational stories of those who have struggled, and learned to successfully live with, mental illness.’ This is Tom’s latest Apple project after starring in the feature film Cherry. The Crowded Room is written by A Beautiful Mind’s Akiva Goldsman, who also serves as an executive producer, alongside Alexandra Milchan for EMJAG Productions and New Regency’s Arnon Milchan, Yariv Milchan and Michael Schaefer. Joining Tom in the exciting cast is Amanda Seyfried, who will take on the role of a clinical psychologist named Rya, who balances her career with the commitments of being a single mother. Emmy Rossum was also confirmed as part of the star-studded cast last February, and she’ll play Danny’s long-suffering mother Candy. Meanwhile, Christopher Abbott joins the project as Stan, the lawyer of Danny who also harbours trauma following experiences in the Vietnam War. Production began earlier this month while a release date for the show is yet to be confirmed. As if he wasn’t busy enough, Tom’s name has also been thrown into the mix of actors who could play Robbie Williams in his forthcoming biopic. The Greatest Showman director Michael Gracey is currently holding auditions, but they just can’t find the perfect man for the job. However, with Tom being the man of the moment thanks to his success in projects like Uncharted and The Devil All The Time, and since he’s got the cheeky persona, it’s no wonder he’s a contender for the role of Robbie. He also has strong singing and dancing credentials thanks to his viral Lip Sync Battle to Rihanna’s Umbrella, so who knows if we’ll see him as the Rock DJ hitmaker some time soon. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tony Bennett won’t appear at Grammys 2022 with Lady Gaga amid ‘continuing struggle with Alzheimer’s’ MORE : From Covid conman to Rolex rippers: 5 shocking scams that need to be turned into TV shows 