A heroin addicted mum who fashioned her seven-year-old son’s asthma inhaler into a makeshift crack pipe has been jailed for letting him die. Laura Heath’s son, Hakeem, was found dead in a garden in Birmingham in November 2017 after suffering a severe asthma attack. He’d been taken to stay temporarily at someone else’s house and is believed to have gone outside while his mum slept. After spending the evening smoking heroin, his mum didn’t stir while all of this was happening, and his body was found the following morning. Now Heath has been jailed for 20 years at Coventry Crown Court after admitting child cruelty and being found guilty of gross negligence manslaughter. Passing sentence, Mr Justice Dove said the death of Hakeem Hussain was the result of her ‘catastrophic and deplorable’ parenting. The judge told 40-year-old Heath that her child’s demise occurred after her life ‘entered a drug-fuelled downward spiral into squalor, chaos and tragedy’. He added: ‘It is clear that in his tragically short life he had been an inspiration of happiness and affection for people who knew him. ‘All of that potential for a wonderful and fulfilling life was cut short, extinguished as he collapsed on his own suffocating, clutching a leaf in the garden. ‘The truth is that Hakeem died as a result of your deplorable negligence. You had allowed your life to be completely overtaken by your addiction to heroin and cocaine. ‘His death was needless, tragic and a result of your abject failure as his mother.’ Heath’s trial at Coventry Crown Court was told a school nurse had warned at a child protection conference that Hakeem ‘could die at the weekend’. That was just two days before his death in the early hours of Sunday November 26, 2017. Hakeem, who had been admitted to hospital due to asthma three times in the previous two years. Heath, formerly from Birmingham’s Nechells area, was staying over at a friend’s flat when her son was found dead at 7.37am. She later told police she had smoked three bags of heroin – two before Hakeem went to bed at 10.30pm and one afterwards, leaving her in a drug-induced sleep. Toxicology evidence put before the court proved Hakeem had inhaled tobacco smoke in the hours before his death. He had also been exposed to heroin, crack cocaine and cannabis through second-hand smoke. Heath was ordered to serve two-thirds of her sentence before becoming eligible for parole. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.