Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak will be fined for attending parties in Downing Street during lockdown, No 10 has confirmed. The Met’s investigation into alleged breaches of Covid regulations found the country’s two most senior politicians broke the very laws they set at the height of the pandemic. The pair are now facing calls to resign following the revelations – and may yet be hit with more fines. Boris Johnson is the first sitting prime minister in history to have broken the law. His wife Carrie Johnson has also been fined. The Met said today that they had issued another 30 Fixed Penalty Notices for breaches of Covid rules in Whitehall during the pandemic, taking the total to 50. It is understood that across the country there have been few examples of more lockdown fines being issued relating to any single address, Sky News reports. Officers have not named any of the individuals fined, but Downing Street previously said it would be transparent if the prime minister was among the cohort of law breakers. A spokesperson confirmed Mr Johnson and Mr Sunak were among them. They said: ‘The PM and Chancellor have today received notification that the Metropolitan Police intend to issue them with fixed penalty notices. We have no further details, but we will update you again when we do.’ Later, No 10 added that the Met had confirmed that Mr Johnson was fined for his participation in a gathering in the Cabinet Room on his birthday on June 19 2020. The force is investigating alleged Covid law-breaking at 12 gatherings in Whitehall and Downing Street. Officers required around 100 Downing Street and Whitehall staff, including the PM and chancellor, to fill out formal legal questionnaires as part of the investigation. The prime minister, who is understood to have attended six of the 12 events, has always denied breaking lockdown rules. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer has called for Mr Johnson and Mr Sunak to resign, while Lib Dem leader Sir Ed Davey called for parliament to be recalled for a vote of confidence in the PM. Sir Keir tweeted: ‘Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak have broken the law and repeatedly lied to the British public. They must both resign. The Conservatives are totally unfit to govern. Britain deserves better.’ Many conservatives have previously called for Mr Johnson to resign over the Downing Street party scandal.  However, some changed their position following the war in Ukraine, saying the country needed to be united during the international crisis. Few Tories rushed to condemn the prime minister this afternoon, with Labour and other opposition MPs pilling on the bulk of the criticism. Mayor of London Sadiq Khan tweeted: ‘A Prime Minister who breaks the laws his Government makes and then lies about it isn’t fit for office. ‘Families made huge sacrifices and obeyed the law. Many said their last goodbyes to loved ones on the phone while the Prime Minister partied. ‘Boris Johnson must resign.’ Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon echoed those calls. She said: ‘Boris Johnson must resign. He broke the law and repeatedly lied to parliament about it. The basic values of integrity and decency – essential to the proper working of any parliamentary democracy – demand that he go. And he should take his out of touch chancellor with him.’ The Lib Dems said the prime minister has not only broke the law, but also misled parliament. Leader Ed Davey said: ‘This is a government in crisis neglecting a country in crisis. Parliament must be recalled for a vote of No Confidence in the Prime Minister.’ The prime minister repeatedly told the House of Commons he did not break any  rules – even after admitting he attended a bring your own booze party in May 2020. However, pundits expect Mr Sunak is more likely to resign than Mr Johnson, following a torrid week that saw his family’s tax affairs also come under scrutiny. Bereaved families have said there is ‘simply no way’ either politician can continue their post. Lobby Akinnola, whose father Olufemi Akinnola died with coronavirus in April 2020 aged 60, said Mr Johnson and Mr Sunak would be ‘gone by tonight’ if they had any decency. Speaking on behalf of campaign group Bereaved Families for Justice, he said Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak ‘broke the law’ and ‘took us all for mugs’. He added: ‘Their dishonesty has caused untold hurt to the bereaved. ‘Not only that, but they have lost all credibility with the wider public, which could cost lives if new variants mean restrictions are needed in the future. ‘If they had any decency they would be gone by tonight.’ Reports of parties being held in Downing Street during lockdowns in 2020 and 2021 first emerged in December last year. Alleged events included a BYOB party in the Downing Street garden in May 2020, organised by the PM’s then principal private secretary Martin Reynolds, and a surprise birthday party for the prime minister held in the Cabinet Room in June 2020, which the chancellor and Ms Johnson are said to have attended. The prime minister’s wife also reportedly held a so-called Abba flat party on November 13 2020, apparently to celebrate the PM’s former chief aide Dominic Cummings being ousted. A spokesperson for the PM’s wife said: ‘In the interests of transparency, Mrs Johnson can confirm she has been notified that she will receive a Fixed Penalty Notice. She has not yet received any further details about the nature of the FPN.’ No 10 staff were also said to have held ‘wine-time Fridays’ throughout the pandemic with Boris Johnson allegedly witnessing the gatherings regularly. In response to the reports, Mr Johnson initially insisted that ‘guidelines were followed at all times’ – even after admitting to attending the BYOB party, saying he thought it was a work event. But as more stories emerged, Mr Johnson ordered an inquiry into lockdown parties held in No 10, led by senior civil servant Sue Gray. The Met initially said it would not investigate the claims but changed its mind when Ms Gray passed information to officers. Since the police probe commenced, the Conservative Party leader has looked to deflect from answering questions until the inquiry has concluded and has poured his efforts into dealing with the Ukraine crisis. Ms Gray released an interim report on her findings earlier this year, stating there had been a ‘failure of leadership’ in Downing Street over the parties scandal. But her full report will not be released until the Met have concluded their investigation. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.