The Central African Republic (CAR) has adopted Bitcoin as an official currency, becoming the first country in Africa to do so. The move follows a bill governing the use of cryptocurrency that was adopted unanimously by the country’s parliament last week. ‘The president supports this bill because it will improve the conditions of Central African citizens,’ said a statement signed by Obed Namsio, chief of staff of President Faustin-Archange Touadera. In the statement, he called it ‘a decisive step toward opening up new opportunities’ for the country. Despite rich reserves of gold and diamonds, Central African Republic is one of the world’s poorest and least-developed countries and has been gripped by rebel violence for years. CAR is one of six nations that use the Central African CFA franc, a regional currency governed by the Bank of Central African States (BEAC). It is the second country to officially recognise Bitcoin, following El Salvador’s decision to make Bitcoin legal tender last year. Last week, two of the country’s former prime ministers signed a letter expressing concern about the adoption of bitcoin without guidance from the BEAC, calling it a ‘serious offence’. ‘The BEAC learned at the same time as the public of the enactment of a new law on cryptocurrency in Central African Republic,’ a BEAC spokesman told Reuters, adding that the bank did not have an official response yet. El Salvador became the first country in the world to adopt bitcoin as legal tender last year, but the rollout was hampered by scepticism and it postponed a proposed bitcoin bond in March amid global market turmoil. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) wanted El Salvador to drop the highly volatile cryptocurrency Bitcoin as legal tender and strictly regulate the electronic wallet the government has pushed for adoption across El Salvador. African governments have taken a varied approach to regulating cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology. Nigeria’s central bank barred local banks from working with cryptocurrencies last year before launching its own digital currency, the eNaira. South African regulators have been exploring the potential regulation of cryptocurrencies and other blockchain technology, and Tanzania’s central bank said last year it was working on a presidential directive to prepare for cryptocurrencies. MORE : Is cryptocurrency a no-no for beginners? I invested real money to find out MORE : How much money should I invest in cryptocurrency if I’m just getting started