Want to know what your week has in store? You’ve come to the right place. We’ve got a full list of astrological predictions to help you prepare for what’s coming up. Scorpio, it’s time for a major spring clean. Something on your mind, Pisces? It’s better to talk it out than keep it all bottled up. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, April 1, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 Mars connects with prudent Saturn in Aquarius, which could see you dealing with a mental block to taking action. If you’re worried about the outcome then it may be nothing like you envisage. Meanwhile, subtle fears might be holding you back from doing something that can be helpful to you. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Proceed with caution may be your mantra. And perhaps this is wise if you’re moving into new territory and aren’t comfortable with new tasks. Sooner or later, though, you will need to confront them, so it might be good to make a start by taking one step at a time. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 The continued emphasis on your friendship zone suggests socialising can do you good, especially if you’re willing to move in new circles. Yet a more cautious alignment may see you hesitating over an opportunity that might be just as beneficial. Research it and if all seems well, give it a go. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 It’s always wise to be prudent, especially concerning business or financial matters. Which is why the current Mars-Saturn merger could be useful. If you have plans, then examining the facts can leave you with a better understanding of what your next steps should be. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 It might seem as though someone is trying to hold you back or is being a tad awkward but are they? A frustrating blend of energies suggests they too may be experiencing difficulties. Giving yourself and others some leeway is probably the best way ahead over the next day or so. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 The Sun in a transformational zone can be a call to make changes that lead to a new lease of life. A side of you may resist this, though, as it would mean a step into the unknown. Do you really want to do the same things day in and day out? Even a small shift could make a big difference. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Relationships may be a priority, with the Sun in Aries urging you to spend more time with your partner and to be proactive with other key associations. When it comes to romance, though, a prudent line-up can see you hesitant to make a move. Relax, as you might feel differently in a few days. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Serious about getting your place in order? If so, the current Mars-Saturn link may kick-start a cleaning fest like no other. If you suffer from too much clutter, this aspect encourages you to get your place shipshape. You’ll be ready to experiment with different cleaning methods. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 A tie-up between Mars and Saturn suggests that if you take time to plan adequately, you’ll have a better chance of success. Be rigorous about creating a strategy and the rest should be a breeze. Finding it difficult to broach a certain issue? The longer you put it off, the harder it can become. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 As Mars aligns with Saturn in your financial sector, it can make you aware of the need for a careful approach to money. This may be a good time to work on a budget to increase your income. And selling what you already have but no longer need might get you off to a great start. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You may be looking at the pros and cons of a certain issue and this could be what is putting you off from taking the plunge. It’s just as well to make sure you understand the facts. Once you have researched it and know what’s what, you’ll be ready to commit. Then progress can be swift. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Much as you might try to forget about something, the days ahead may see it bubbling up into your awareness. If you feel you need help, this is a good time to connect with someone who can talk it over with you. Getting a fresh perspective on it might make it seem so much less of an issue. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness