A 14-year-old boy is accused of murdering Iliana ‘Lily’ Peters, 10, and leaving the home they were together in with the intent of raping and killing her, Wisconsin prosecutors say. The US state of Wisconsin requested a $1million bond for the teenage suspect, who was arrested and charged with homicide and sexual assault in Chippewa County after his first court appearance Wednesday. The suspect, only identified by the initials C P-B, appeared in court via video, where he was charged with three counts, including first-degree murder. County Attorney Wade Newell cited confessions made by the suspect, saying the boy planned ‘to rape and kill the victim from the get-go when he left the house with the victim going down the trail.’ Newell said the 14-year-old ‘punched the victim in the stomach, knocked her to the ground, essentially strangled her, hit her with a stick before strangling her to the point of death before he then sexually assaulted her.’ Prosecutors requested the $1million cash bond for the teenage suspect on the condition that he has no contact with any juveniles and does not possess dangerous weapons. Due to the severity of the crime, the judge granted the request. The suspect is also no longer allowed to be alone with his siblings if visits are requested. Officials have said the boy left the same house as Lily, but have not confirmed how they knew each other. Lily’s body was found around 9am Monday morning just blocks from her aunt’s home near a trail and brewery parking lot. The previous night her father had reported her missing when she failed to return home from a visit with family. Authorities searching for her found what appeared to be her bicycle abandoned along the wooden trail, and soon discovered what the Chippewa County Coroner confirmed were her remains. Chippewa Falls Police Chief Matthew Kelm during a Tuesday night news conference following the suspect’s arrest said that there was no present danger to the community. ‘While nothing will bring Lily Peters back or change what happened, we are very grateful to be able to deliver this news for the family and for the community,’ Kelm said. Lily was a fourth grade student at Parkview Elementary School. It’s believed she was last seen by members of her family before her disappearance and eventual death. While the criminal complaint remains sealed, Newell outlined the three charges against the 14-year-old suspect. Those charges include first-degree intentional homicide, first-degree sexual assault, and first-degree sexual assault with a child under 13 resulting in great bodily harm. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.