Chris Rock has kept a pretty low profile since Will Smith slapped him at the Oscars, but he was spotted this morning taking a stroll around Manhattan. The comedian cut a casual figure on his walk, with photographs emerging after his mum expressed her pain over the Oscars incident. In one of the most talked-about moments in Oscars history, Chris was left visibly taken aback when the Men In Black star stormed onto the stage to slap him across the face. The blow came after Chris made a jibe about Will’s wife Jada, with Will later shouting from the audience: ‘Keep my wife’s name out your f***ing mouth,’ leaving the crowd stunned. Chris’ mum, Rose, has since said she felt that the King Richard actor slapped her whole family at the time. ‘When he slapped Chris, he slapped all of us. He really slapped me. Because when you hurt my child, you hurt me,’ she said during an interview on South Carolina station WIS-TV. The comedian has not commented on his mum’s remarks, and seemed to want to remain incognito with his attire around New York City today. Taking a leisurely stroll around the Soho area, Chris wore an all-black ensemble, complete with a hat, shades and headphones. He was seen looking at a vendor’s paintings while on a break from his stand-up comedy tour. In fact, ticket sales have skyrocketed since the popular comedian was slapped last month, with his Ego Death World Tour hitting the road early this month. Three days after Slapgate, The Hollywood Reporter reported that StubHub experienced more than 25 times the daily sales for the past two days than what had occurred all last month for his tour. Ticket prices also increased, but people were prepared to pay them. Since the Oscars incident, Chris has not publicly commented on what happened or apologised for the joke he made about Jada’s hair – as the actress suffers from alopecia. Meanwhile, Will – who won his first Academy award that night for his portrayal of Serena and Venus Williams’ father – has been banned from Academy events for 10 years. His behaviour at the 94th Oscars was branded ‘unacceptable and harmful’ by Academy president David Rubin, for which the star has apologised. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Matt Lucas reveals he was ‘thin-shamed’ at football match over weight loss MORE : Olivia Colman looks sharp in black tux as she joins Russell T Davies at star-studded Bafta Craft Awards 2022 