Tory peer Michelle Mone’s home was raided by police investigating £203million of government PPE contracts, according to reports. National Crime Agency (NCA) officers searched properties in London and the Isle of Man for documents which could aid their inquiry into suspected fraud. Baroness Mone, 50, co-founder of Ultimo Lingerie, is said to have been present as her house was raided. She has a £25million estate on the Isle of Man and a home in Belgravia. It is unclear which address police visited. Files and electronic devices were seized during the NCA’s raids, according to the Mirror. Investigators are looking into government deals with PPE Medpro, a firm which was contracted to provide personal protective equipment at the start of the pandemic. The company was started by an associate of Baroness Mone and was later entered into the so-called ‘VIP lane’ for surgical supplies. It secured a government contract just weeks after it was set up, the Guardian previously reported. In May 2020, before the deal was struck, the Glasgow-born lingerie tycoon is said to have referred PPE Medpro to the Cabinet Office minister responsible for procurement. She reportedly told fellow Tory peer Theodore Agnew that PPE could be provided by her ‘team in Hong Kong’. However 25million surgical gowns purchased by the Government were never used in hospital as they were ditched by the Department of Health and Social Care following an inspection. Baroness Mone – is also the subject of an inquiry by the House of Lords’ standards commissioner over her alleged involvement with the company. Lawyers representing the Tory peer, have previously said she is ‘not connected to PPE Medpro in any capacity’ and the firm does not appear on her register of interests ‘because no such interest exists’. Meanwhile legal representatives for the company have said the gowns purchased by Department of Health were ‘fully inspected’. ‘Only when they were satisfied that the contractual requirements had been met was payment sent to PPE Medpro,’ they said. ‘Payment was sent in full, clearly signifying complete satisfaction with the inspection process.’ Baroness Mone and PPE Medpro have both been approached by Metro.co.uk for comment about the police raid. The NCA declined to comment as it ‘does not routinely confirm or deny the existence of investigations or the names of those who may or may not be under investigation’. A spokesperson for Isle of Man police told Metro.co.uk: ‘The Isle of Man Constabulary, in support of an ongoing NCA investigation, executed search warrants at four addresses in the Isle of Man. No arrests were made.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.