In one of the more bizarre claims about Scotland’s Loch Ness Monster, one professor suggested she could just be a whale’s dick. That’s because one of the most famous photos of the mythical creature bears a certain resemblance to the appendages of the ocean’s largest creatures. Professor Michael Sweet laid out his theory in a series of tweets earlier in the month. Predictably, the idea caught on and his rationale spread like wildfire. Captioned alongside several pictures of whale penises (and one of Nessie), Professor Sweet pointed out many sea monster stories came from travellers witnessing things out in the open ocean. And some of them may have seen some whale willies. ‘This is where many sea monster stories come from ie. tentacled and alienesque appendages emerging from the water – giving belief to something more sinister lurking beneath….however, many cases it was just whale dicks,’ he wrote. He went on to say that, during mating season, there can be a lot of whale junk on display. And Sweet should know what he’s talking about; he’s an award winning researcher and lecturer and professor in Molecular Ecology. Despite the enthusiasm for the idea, Professor Sweet has backtracked on his claim. Sweet, from the University of Derby, has now clarified what he meant. He explained he doesn’t believe Nessie specificially is a whale’s todger. But it’s quite possible other ‘sea monster’ sightings may be attributable to erect blue whale (Balaenoptera musculus) phalluses spotted on the ocean’s surface. Sweet told Live Science: ‘I used the image of Nessie just as an example of what people used to describe sea monsters looking like. ‘There are no whales whatsoever in Loch Ness, so Nessie was a poor choice to use in this instance.’ But the scientist also said: ‘The tweet still stands as factual.’ He added: ‘Many whales’ penises (from various species) were surely mistaken by tired and half-starved sailors around the world.’ An easy mistake to make then, surely. Nessie is often depicted as a sort of plesiosaur (which went extinct 65 million years ago), with its long neck and head emerging from the water, as seen in the famous ‘surgeon’s photograph’ of 1934. But her ultimate origin remains unsolved. Let us know what you think below. MORE : ‘Loch Ness monster’ seen miles away from home in London lake MORE : Loch Ness Monster sightings get one simple thing wrong, say fossil experts