This Sunday, come what may, will mark the 18th time in 25 years that at least one of snooker’s ‘Class of 92’ has made the final of the World Snooker Championship. John Higgins, Ronnie O’Sullivan and Mark Williams have the type of longevity as a trio that makes the Bee Gees look like one-hit wonders and, unless the reinvigorated Judd Trump can spoil the party, it will be a case of ‘you win again’ for one of them. Since turning pro, and before this season, they have chalked up 28 Crucible semi-finals, 19 finals and 13 world titles, and here we are again, all three in the last four of snooker’s greatest show on earth. At least two of those above numbers already need to be updated. Staggering. It is so easy to say, well, it’s only snooker isn’t it? It hardly compares to the rigours of football or rugby. They wear suits, for goodness sake, and the most exercise they get is grabbing their extensions. True, it is not ripping cruciate ligaments and shattering ribs, but the mental strain of snooker is different to physical sports. The endless hours of indoor practice and competition, the constant hotel hopping, dark rooms, the absence of family, the solitude and a constant struggle with an art form than can seem so easy one day and so bloody impossible the next all leads to common issues when it comes to the six inches between the ears. All three have had their problems, all three have had their wilderness years. Williams described himself as a ‘journeyman’ before winning his epic third world title in 2018, Higgins has hinted at retirement more times than Frank Sinatra and O’Sullivan, well, he went to work on a pig farm. I don’t want to get too deep but I admire any player for managing to stick with this sport for so long, even more so if they haven’t had the financial windfall to cushion the blow. In the case of the Class of 92 (that’s the year they all turned pro, by the way), they’ve made the green, but it’s a staggering 90 career years between them. I’m as in awe of that as I am all the titles won. Back in the day, John Higgins had the face of an angel, Ronnie O’Sullivan a cheeky glint in his eye and Mark Williams, well, there’s a lot to be said for home haircuts. In 2022, of course, they are cut from a different cloth. Higgins often looks like he’s about to pass out where he stands, red-faced, tongue out, like a veteran boxer dead on his feet before, out of nowhere, he finds an uppercut from the Gods. He does it time and time again. He did it in his quarter-final against Jack Lisowski. To those who watch snooker regularly, this was no surprise at all. To say I have a soft spot for Williams  is like saying I have a slight regard for the songwriting of Lennon and McCartney. At his best, he is my favourite player on the planet, potting balls with all the laid-back swagger of Virgil van Dijk putting strikers in his back pocket, and he has done that in Sheffield this year; with 12 centuries before the semis, two drubbings and a super-cool last two frames against Yan Bingtao. Although he had a hard day’s night against Trump in their opening session. Help! And Ronnie, well, he is every type of contradiction you can think of but, when it comes to the snooker table, he’s simply the best and favourite to lift that famous old trophy again, which would match the seven of Stephen Hendry. So far, against good opposition, he has looked imperious. There is a flip side to all this romanticising, regarding the varying strength in depth of the younger generations, but for now let’s give the old hands the ovation they deserve. Whatever happens this weekend, which could well see Trump lift his second title, I’m just going to slouch back and enjoy, but not until I nip to the bookies and slip a sly tenner on a Sampras v Agassi final at Wimbledon. MORE : Ronnie O’Sullivan on life: ‘I don’t take the snooker too seriously any more’ MORE : Ronnie O’Sullivan on why the Class of 92 prosper and Neil Robertson struggles at the Crucible For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 