We’ve all been there. We see a cool DIY hack on TikTok or Instagram and get inspired – then make mistakes and are filled with regret. DIY can be rewarding, but it can also be risky depending on the job. This month, Metro.co.uk is exploring all things DIY, from tips and tricks to real-life success stories. But what about when it all goes wrong? We spoke to Jack Knight, an expert at Drainage Superstore, part of CMO Stores, to find out the common DIY disasters he sees and how to fix them. It’s better to read up now, than have to do a costly fix later. You don’t want to be nearly finished and then find you’re short on what you need – and there’s a delay in ordering more. Jack says: ‘Even the most experienced in DIY can’t avoid accidental damage. ‘We often see that people will buy exactly the amount they need after painstakingly working out budgets and measurements. ‘Our advice is to order between 5-10% more than you need, that way you’re not at a loss if any tiles or slates are accidentally damaged – and you don’t run the risk of them being discontinued or out-of-stock. ‘Working this into a product budget early on can save many a headache later.’ Keep in mind what you see on social media isn’t the full story. Jack says: ‘Sharing DIY trends, hacks and projects on social media has become increasingly common, but it does mean that those who are new to DIY are seeing – and therefore expecting – a “best bits” reel. ‘For example, people can forget to buy the essential extras which can potentially compromise the overall quality of their build. ‘They might order PIR insulation board but leave out the all-important foil tape which actually joins the boards together and reduces the risk of heat escaping through any gaps or vapour control layers, which help with condensation. ‘When we see amazing home projects come together on the likes of Instagram or TikTok, we’re not always shown the technical ins and outs which actually help products do their job.’ Therefore, thorough research is vital to make sure you know the ins and outs of the job. This is a common disaster. ‘People often wonder why their brand-new doors are letting rainfall in, without realising they’ve forgotten quite an important bit of kit,’ Jack says. ‘External doors require weather bars to help prevent rain dripping down and causing water damage – the devil truly is in the details.’ Take time – even when it feels dull. Jack says: ‘Getting things just right might not be quite as fun as upcycling plant pots or picking colour schemes, but taking shortcuts or trying to rush through these DIY jobs won’t end well. ‘For example, we have seen customers choosing not to buy end caps for channel drains or brackets to safely secure all downpipes and gutters – without these, water won’t drain properly and people could be left with a bigger mess on their hands.’ Ensure you’re spending time measuring up, researching, investing in any tools you need, and getting the functional bits done too. You don’t want a quick DIY job that will cost you more later. ‘With summer around the corner, it’s time for people to get their outdoor areas prepped for parties, barbecues and, of course, WFG (working from garden). ‘It’s easy to get excited about paving designs and aesthetics before truly considering the requirements. ‘For example, a traditional basketweave paving pattern (created using bricks and mimicking the weave pattern of a wicker basket) looks great, but homeowners need to consider if the area is high traffic or not. ‘While a basketweave can work brilliantly for a patio or back garden, using the same style across a driveway could cause long term damage, as the style isn’t suited for heavy traffic. ‘We’d recommend they opt for something like a herringbone pattern instead, which can withstand the weight of regular car and footfall movement. Checking guides before you buy might seem like a tiresome process but can save money, time and effort in the long run.’ Don’t underestimate how difficult jobs can be. Jack says: ‘Buying skirting board can seem fairly straightforward – measure the length of each wall, add the amounts together and add skirting board to basket, right? ‘Doing so can leave people with a lot of offcuts and wastage as different lengths will be required for longer or shorter walls. By pre-planning where the skirting board will need to be cut to be used, we can avoid excessive wastage. ‘It’s also false economy to consider using offcuts as skirting – it may seem like a great idea to use up all the product, but it could result in a wonky appearance or affect the overall installation. Plus, if off-cuts are damaged when cut, it could be an expensive mistake.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : An expert guide to painting your fridge – the latest TikTok DIY trend MORE : Couple creates stunning DIY bathroom for just £550 – buying things on Gumtree and eBay MORE : Couple transform home for £30,000 – including a secret door through a bookcase