P&O Ferries has restarted cross-Channel sailings for the first time since sacking nearly 800 workers without warning. The Spirit of Britain, which carried freight customers, departed Dover for Calais shortly after 11pm last night. Passenger services will resume early next week. P&O Ferries faced huge backlash after replacing 786 crew members with more cost-effective agency staff on March 17. Ahead of the return of cross-Channel sailings, the Trade Unions Congress had called for a public and commercial boycott of the firm. The company’s executive Peter Hebblethwaite has rejected calls to resign since the scandal. But he did admit he intentionally had ignored union protocol. He told Parliament’s business select committee: ‘I completely throw our hands up, my hands up, that we did choose not to consult.’ The Spirit Of Britain had been detained by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency on April 12 after safety issues were found, but was cleared to sail on Friday. The temporary suspension of P&O Ferries sailings between Dover and Calais had caused a shortage of capacity on the key route. Huge queues of lorries were subsequently delayed in Kent in the lead-up to Easter. Yesterday a different P&O Ferries ship, the European Causeway, also hit the headlines. The vessel was adrift five miles from the Northern Ireland coast for more than an hour. The reason for the stranding emerged to be a mechanical fault. European Causeway, which can carry up to 410 passengers, had got into difficulty on Tuesday after losing power while sailing between Cairnryan, Scotland and Larne, Northern Ireland. Agency staff reportedly went ‘on strike’ after it lost power. The Times reports the crew went to maritime unions for advice about potentially terminating their contracts. Darren Procter, of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union, said Tuesday’s stranding was caused by an ‘inexperienced crew’ as seafarers ‘familiar with the ship would have been able to keep it under power’. A spokesman for P&O Ferries said it had been a temporary issue and the European Causeway had travelled to Larne ‘under its own propulsion’. He added that ‘all the relevant authorities have been informed’ and ‘a full independent investigation would be undertaken’. One passenger, Jonny Wilson, claimed on Twitter that he’d been sat stationary for over an hour. He said he and his family were in the middle of watching Peter Rabbit 2 on board when the power went off. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.