A woman claims to have captured the moment a ‘ghost’ emerged from a doll in her basement and chased her terrified cat. Kathy Gallinger says she has become accustomed to spooky incidents with more than a hint of the supernatural taking place in her home. The 45-year-old moved into the property with her husband and daughter in August 2018 but says since then she has noticed objects moving on their own and shadowy figures appearing from the darkness. But one incident has left her so shaken she is now too afraid her venture into her basement unaccompanied. Kathy, from Quinte West, Ontario, Canada, was stunned when a CCTV camera she’d set up in the subterranean room captured a ‘black mass’ terrorising her cat. The video shows the cat, called Salem, in the basement along with a pair of dolls that belonged to Kathy’s mum and date from the 1950s. Salem is seen staring intently at the dolls when a ‘black mist’ appears from one of them and drifts in the moggy’s direction, sending him scarpering. Kathy says although she has ‘become used’ to the paranormal ‘scaring the life’ out of her in her own home the video left her and her husband ‘really freaked out’. She said after seeing the footage she ‘immediately’ called her ‘psychic medium friend’ who made her feel a little better. ‘She said she wasn’t getting any vibes where it’s something that’s out to get us, it’s just something that wants its presence known,’ Kathy said. Kathy put the camera in her basement after she captured evidence of the paranormal elsewhere in her home. ‘The cat was down there and my daughter’s bedroom is down there and she said the cat ran to her door,’ Kathy said. ‘She heard him outside and let him in and he was clearly afraid of something. ‘She said “mum, you might want to check those cameras because the cat’s crazy scared”. ‘The next day we checked the cameras and what I saw was my cat staring at these dolls clearly frightened of something and then all of a sudden a black mass or mist formed from one of the dolls.’ Kathy said she thinks the black mist ‘could be a ghost’. ‘Salem is my protector. That cat goes everywhere with me so if I do have to go downstairs and I’m nervous, he follows me,’ she said. ‘It’s uncommon for him to show signs of being afraid like that.’ When Kathy shared the video on social media some suggested the family had digitally ‘edited’ the clip. However, the family claim to work hard ‘debunk’ anything they capture on camera and is adamant the footage is real. Kathy said the basement is ‘the hot spot’ for paranormal activity so she doesn’t ‘love going down there’. ‘We have a family room set up in the basement but we never really use it because no one wants to be down there, it’s too uncomfortable,’ she said. ‘As soon as you go down there you feel this uncomfortable vibe, almost like you’re being watched.’ Kathy said on occasions she had ventured down to the basement alone she had had ‘experiences’ and the room could be ‘really scary and unnerving at times’. Kathy claims that she’s been told by a psychic that the freaky happenings are connected to an incident in the 1980s which is understood to have involved teenagers using an ouija board. She said that a week or two can pass by without any activity, but during the last fortnight her home has been ‘very active’, which she was told by a friend could be due to the upcoming Easter holiday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.