Supermarkets across the UK have limited the amount of cooking oil customers can buy due to supply-chain problems caused by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Tesco became the latest supermarket to ration cooking oil when it introduced a limit of three bottles per customer. Waitrose and Morrisons have also limited purchases to just two items each. Richard Walker, managing director of Iceland supermarkets, said his shops were having to ration sunflower oil sales to one bottle per customer. ‘It is not as frenzied as the toilet roll panic buying from a couple of years ago, and we are managing to maintain an offer,’ he told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme. ‘But yes, we are limiting purchases and we’ve moved into smaller packs to allow existing stocks in the market to service more customers.’ Most of the UK’s sunflower oil comes from Ukraine, with the restrictions applying to that product as well as olive and rapeseed oils. The British Retail Consortium (BRC) said some retailers had introduced buying limits ‘as a temporary measure to ensure availability for everyone’. The BRC’s Tom Holder told the BBC that retailers were ‘working with suppliers to ramp up production of alternative cooking oils, to minimise the impact on consumers’. Recent data showed cooking oil was one of a range of food staples to have its price shoot up. The price of cooking oils and fats went up 7% and is nearly a quarter more expensive than a year ago, the Office for National Statistics said on April 13. Iceland boss Mr Walker told Today: ‘If you look at commodity prices, sunflower oil has gone up 1,000% in terms of the commodity cost in the market, palm oil (up) 400% and then there is things like wheat, 50%, fertiliser, 350%. ‘These are all unintended consequences of the war in Ukraine that is affecting supermarkets.’ Tesco said in a statement: ‘We have good availability of cooking oils in stores and online. If a customer is unable to find their preferred oil, we have plenty of alternatives to choose from. ‘To make sure all of our customers can continue to get what they need, we’ve introduced a temporary buying limit of three items per customer on products from our cooking oil range.’ A Sainsbury’s spokesperson said they have no plans to introduce limits. The Russian tanks and missiles besieging Ukraine are also threatening the food supply and livelihoods of people in Europe, Africa and Asia who rely on the vast, fertile farmlands of the Black Sea region known as the ‘breadbasket of the world’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.