Kim Kardashian couldn’t understand why sister Kourtney wasn’t able to get a marriage license to marry Travis Barker in Las Vegas. The Skims founder – who said she slept through her sister’s wedding – said she was able to get married ‘at a random middle of the night time’ once before, but older sister Kourtney couldn’t. Kourtney and Blink 182 drummer Travis described their spontaneous Vegas ceremony as a ‘practice’ for the real thing after an Elvis impersonator married them at the One Love Chapel following the Grammy Awards. After days of speculation, Kourtney confirmed that their wedding had taken place ‘with no license’, which means it was not valid. In the state of Nevada, it is required that couples obtain a marriage license before the union is official Kim, who has been married three times, said on Friday’s episode Live With Kelly And Ryan: ‘I don’t think it’s legal. They said they couldn’t get a license in time.’ Recalling the time she tied the knot with Damon Thomas back in 2000, Kim continued: ‘I did it once in Vegas and I was able to get a license at a random middle of the night time.’ She was 19-years-old at the time, while Damon was 29. They married after less than a year of dating before splitting in 2003. Meanwhile, Kourtney and Travis went from neighbours, to friends, to lovers, getting engaged during a romantic beach proposal in October 2021. Breaking her silence following rumours of her marriage to the musician, Kourtney shared some sweet snaps from the impromptu nuptials. ‘Found these in my camera roll,’ she wrote in her caption. ‘Once upon a time in a land far, far away (Las Vegas) at 2am, after an epic night and a little tequila, a queen and her handsome king ventured out to the only open chapel with an Elvis and got married (with no license).’ ‘Practice makes perfect,’ she concluded. Mum-of-three Kourtney, who was previously married to Scott Disick, later said the ‘wedding’ was the ‘best night of my life that I don’t remember,’ suggesting they definitely celebrated in style. Speaking about the Vegas ceremony, Kourtney told Associated Press: ‘It actually would have been real if they would have given us a license at 2am. ‘We asked multiple times, are you sure there’s nothing we can do? So yeah, we just did it anyways.’ She added: ‘It was really, really fun, I don’t remember. It was like the best night of my life that I don’t remember.’ Fans are hoping to get a glimpse inside the Vegas wedding in the Kardashian’s new reality series, which begins this week on Hulu. After Keeping Up With The Kardashians came to an end on E!, the famous family are partnering with the Disney-owned streaming service to show what life is really like behind the scenes. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Millionaires Kendall and Kylie Jenner confused over the word ‘frugal’: ‘Don’t know what that means’ MORE : Kim Kardashian sparks angry backlash as she cuts lines with her children at Disneyland 