Public-speaking is a nervy experience. Whether it is on stage, in class, in work or just in a group of people, it’s easy to fall into the trap of filler words. Filler words are short, meaningless words we use to fill the little pauses that occur while we decide what we’re going to say next. ‘Uh’, ‘em’ and ‘ah’ are common filler words which easily slip into our dialogue when we are nervous. However, one woman has now shared her top tip to stop using filler words in public speaking. Dellara, whose TikTok handle is @legalbaddie, is a lawyer, activist and national champion in public speaking. In other words, she’s a talking expert. Dellara says her top tip is something she learnt at a speech and debate boot camp and notes it helped her to win trophies. In a TikTok clip, Dellara explains: ‘The best part is, it’s actually a lot of fun.’ She advises viewers to meet up with a friend and ask them to shout out any random topic that comes to mind. You must speak about that topic for 60 seconds without using an ‘um’  and ‘er.’ ‘The moment you use a filler word, your friend is going to yell out, “no”’, she adds. If you fail to speak without filler words, you have to start from the beginning until you successfully manage to talk about the topic for a whole minute in clean speech. ‘It’s going to be really hard at first, but you’re going to get better quickly and it’s going to feel so rewarding,’ she says. ‘People are going to be way more likely to listen to what you have to say.’ She also captioned the video with another tip which reads: ‘Never underestimate the power of the pause.’ Since being posted the video has garnered over 7 million viewers and thousands of comments from those hoping to improve their public speaking abilities. One person commented: ‘I struggle with this so much! I needed this.’ While another added: ‘I trust this because you didn’t use a single filler word the whole video.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Clever hacks to speed up painting a wall MORE : Woman shares hack to fold a t-shirt in just three seconds MORE : TikTok chef reveals how to make the discontinued McDonald’s McRib burger at home