The families of 132 people who died when a plane crashed into a remote Chinese mountain range may never find out what happened to them. There were no survivors when a Boeing 737-800 fell from the skies and smashed into the Guangxi mountains on March 21. Investigators have been trying to piece together the final moments of China Eastern flight MU5735. The service was travelling between Kunming to Guangzhou at a cruising altitude when it suddenly nosedived at around the time it should have began its descent. After days of searching through the scattered wreckage left in a densely forested area, the black box recorders were finally found. But any lingering hopes that they might contain information which could solve the riddle of why the plane went down have been shattered. Air crash investigators examining China’s first fatal air incident since 2010 said there is little usable data on the units. Summarising its preliminary crash report, the Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) suggested little if any information had been recovered from the cockpit voice and data recorders after they were sent to Washington for analysis. It said in a statement: ‘The two recorders on the plane were severely damaged due to the impact, and the data restoration and analysis work is still in progress.’ The CAAC has given no indication of what it thinks may have been the cause of the crash but has ruled out some possibilities. It said the crew were qualified, the jet was properly maintained, the weather was fine and no dangerous goods were onboard. In a potentially key finding, it said most of the wreckage was concentrated in one area. Safety analysts said that would not typically happen in the event of a catastrophic mid-air break-up or explosion, but did not rule out parts being torn off in the dive after CAAC said part of one wingtip was found 12 km (8 miles) away. Anthony Brickhouse, an air safety expert at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, said: ‘These boxes are designed to be really, really robust. ‘I really can’t think of an accident in recent history where we found the boxes and we didn’t get information from them.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.