Britney Spears has objected to paying $600,000 (£460,000) to foot her mother’s legal fees, accrued during the battle to end her conservatorship. The pop star, 40, was freed from the controversial conservatorship governed by her family back in 2021 and is getting used to her newfound freedom with luxury trips away and speaking honestly on social media. Since then, the star has often taken aim at her family, having called out her father and sparred with her sister Jamie Lynn Spears on a number of occasions. After slamming her mother Lynne Spears last week by branding her worse than her negligent on-screen Crossroads mum, Britney has now rejected a proposal to pay her fees. Lawyers argued the pop megastar had ‘continuously and generously’ supported her mother financially for years and there was no legal authority ‘at all’ for her to help her anymore. Shortly before Britney’s conservatorship termination, her mother applied for payments totalling $663,202.84 (£507,101) from her daughter’s estate for costs incurred during the process. But in court documents obtained by the PA news agency lawyers for Britney said her mother had not been an official party involved in the conservatorship. ‘Lynne Spears and her counsel seek payment of legal fees and costs — from Britney Spears — of more than $660,000,’ stated the documents, filed by her lawyer Matthew Rosengart on Tuesday in Los Angeles. ‘Britney Spears opposes the Petition in its entirety.’ The filing continued: ‘Britney Spears has for decades been her family’s sole breadwinner, supporting her entire family. ‘It warrants noting that Lynne Spears has for at least a decade resided in a large, expensive house owned by Britney Spears in Kentwood, Louisiana, for which her daughter has also continuously – and generously – paid Lynne Spears’s utilities, telephone services, insurance, property taxes, landscaping, pool work, pest control, repairs, and maintenance, totalling approximately $1.7million (£1.3m). ‘The Petition cites no authority at all to support the conclusion that a conservatorship estate (or, in this case, a former conservatee’s estate) can be held financially responsible for the attorney’s fees of a third party like Petitioner here.’ Lynne Spears’ November filing said she was requesting the fees for helping her daughter out of her ‘crisis’ and ‘achieve independence from her conservator father James Spears’ – also known as Jamie Spears. Lawyers for Jamie Spears have also called for his daughter’s estate to continue paying his legal fees, saying he had ‘stepped up’ and kept ‘opportunistic and wholly self-interested parties at bay’. The judge is yet to make a decision regarding Lynne Spears’ legal fees and further hearings in the case are scheduled for July. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 