At least six people have been killed and 18 injured in a missile strike on Ukraine’s southern port city of Odesa. A three-month-old baby was among the dead after Russia launched its cruise missile attack earlier today. Bemoaning the infant’s death at a news conference, Ukrainian President  Volodymyr Zelensky said: ‘The war started when this baby was one month old. Can you imagine what is happening?’ ‘They are just bastards. I don’t have any other words for it, just bastards.’ Russian forces fired at least six missiles, and while Ukrainian defence forces managed to repel some, but two missiles struck a military facility and two residential buildings. ‘Residents of the city heard explosions in different areas,’ said Anton Gerashchenko, an adviser to Ukraine’s interior minister. He added: ‘Residential buildings were hit. It is already known about one victim. He burned in his car in a courtyard of one of the buildings.’ It comes after Boris Johnson paid the embattled president a visit after secretly taking the train to Ukraine’s capital. A small number of Ukrainian troops are being trained in the UK to use British armoured patrol vehicles, 120 of which will be sent over to be used in the war. Since the start of the war, Britain has provided Ukraine with anti-ship, anti-aircraft and light anti-tank weapons, which have proved useful for mobile Ukrainian fighters to use against Russia’s armoured vehicles. The United States military is also training Ukrainian troops on using howitzer artillery while Britain is training Ukrainians in Poland to use anti-aircraft weapons. In his nightly video address, Zelensky lamented all the war’s casualties, noting that the Easter holiday – celebrated in Ukraine this Sunday – commemorates Christ’s resurrection after his death by crucifixion. ‘We believe in the victory of life over death,’ he said. ‘No matter how fierce the battles are, there is no chance for death to defeat life. Everyone knows that. Every Christian knows that.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.