Welcome back to What I Own. We are in north London this week, chatting to Tom – who purchased his one-bedroom flat last year. He used Help to Buy to get on the property ladder and put down a £25,000 deposit on his Winchmore Hill property. This is what he has to say about his buying journey… Tell us about yourself. I’m 35 and a sales manager for the original Penguin office on Oxford Street. Where is your property? It’s in Winchmore Hill. I love the area, I grew up a mile away in Enfield – so I’m very familiar and have always wanted to live here. When did you move in? October 2021. How much does your property cost? £405,000. How much was your deposit? £25,000. What is the monthly cost of living here now; both mortgage and bills? £1,600. How did you save up for your deposit? Saving via my commission and the bonus I receive quarterly – and very fortunate to have help from my family. What was the process of getting a mortgage like for you? I had a very helpful advisor I’d love to mention, Natasha Lee, who works for Premier Property Solutions. She made the process a dream. Where did you live before this – were you renting or living with family? I was living with parents. What made you want to buy rather than renting? The idea of owning something and it being mine rather than a short-term place – and never feeling settled or that feeling of accomplishment. How did you find this property? As mentioned, Winchmore Hill was always a neighbouring area to where I grew up and I view it as the best area in north London. So when a Help to Buy development was in the works, I followed the process all the way and was one of the first people to commit to a place. How have you made the property feel like home? I am very lucky to share the home with my girlfriend, Emma, and we both have a good eye and agree on ‘most things.’ What’s the inspiration for your interior decor style? We are both Soho House members, so the flat feels very Soho Home-inspired. What’s your favourite room and why? The lounge because it has my pride and joy, the Swoon turmeric sofa, (that very nearly didn’t make it in the flat due to size) lodged there. Do you feel like you have enough space? Yes, though it’s a one-bedroom property, it’s got a perfect wide-open space feel with the floor-length window looking out to the river and trees. The balcony helps, too. Do you have plans to change the property? No, it’s perfect. Are there any problems with the property that you have to deal with? No, it’s been plain sailing. What do you want people to know about buying a home? I would definitely champion Help to Buy, it makes the saving process a lot more achievable. What are your plans for the future, in terms of housing? Do you plan to stay here long term? I plan to use the ‘5 years 0 interest’ and build more savings and hope the property will rise in price and help with the next step and property I buy – which I hope will be in the same area. Shall we take a look around? MORE : What I Own: Marketing manager Paloma, who put down a £30,000 deposit on her Norbury flat MORE : What I Own: PR director Hannah, who bought a £471,000 property in suburbs of Brighton and has since added value MORE : What I Own: Polly and Thomas, who paid a 5% deposit for their Shrewsbury home with Help To Buy