Kourtney Kardashian has shared photos from her wedding to Travis Barker, giving us a glimpse into their surprise Las Vegas ceremony. The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star and Blink-182 musician rocked up to a wedding chapel in the early hours of Monday morning, following their appearance at the Grammys. However, in the caption, the 42-year-old confirmed that they got married ‘with no license’, stating that ‘practice makes perfect’. ‘Found these in my camera roll,’ she wrote, addressing the confusion over their antics. ‘Once upon a time in a land far, far away (Las Vegas) at 2am, after an epic night and a little tequila, a queen and her handsome king ventured out to the only open chapel with an Elvis and got married (with no license). ‘Practice makes perfect.’ In the series of pictures, the lovebirds could be seen packing on the PDA at a flower-adorned altar, with a gold ‘Elvis’ appearing to marry them. Yeah, we’re not entirely sure either… The couple wore matching black leather jackets for the ceremony, with Kourtney clutching a bouquet of roses. According to reports, they wandered in to the One Love Wedding Chapel at around 1.30am on Monday, just hours after the musician performed on stage at the MGM arena. They didn’t allow any official pictures to be taken of their impromptu celebrations – instead bringing their own photographer along. However, sources raised question marks over the chapel visit, explaining that they had a ceremony but that it wasn’t legal ‘on paper’. An insider told Billboard magazine that the ceremony wasn’t official and simply just for fun. Well, that’s one way of having fun… Kourtney and Travis sparked intense speculation over their relationship at the beginning of last year, and went public on Instagram in February, 2021. They have been inseparable ever since, and are known for their PDA-heavy antics on Instagram. The I Miss You singer got down on one knee last October, months after they made their relationship official. He popped the question at the super-romantic Rosewood Miramar hotel in Montecito, California, with Kourtney’s famous family in on their celebrations. ‘Forever @travisbarker,’ the Poosh owner penned on social media at the time. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lego Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga – the funniest Easter eggs and references found so far MORE : Will Poulter and Lucy Boynton reveal why you should watch Evans 