A helicopter pilot pretended not to know his wife was dead even poking her to ask ‘honey, are you okay?’ after staging a burglary, a murder trial has been told. Babis Anagnostopoulos is currently on trial accused of murdering his British wife, Caroline Crouch, 19, in the couple’s Athens home in May last year. The 33-year-old is also on trial for the murder of Caroline’s dog Roxy and two counts of attempting to pervert the course of justice. Anagnostopoulos initially concocted an elaborate ruse that the deaths were the result of a botched burglary before confessing to the killings. However, he denies murder, insisting the acts were not ‘premeditated’ calling them a ‘crime of passion’. At the start of the second day of the high profile trial which has gripped Greece, the jury heard from police officers who attended the couple’s house. Christos Vardikos revealed how after entering the home, he made his way to an upstairs bedroom where he saw Caroline tied up and lying on a bed next to her baby Lydia. He said the little girl was lying next to her mum, ‘calm and silent’. Anagnostopoulos was seated in a chair beside the bed with his hands tied in front of him and duct tape over his eyes and mouth, he told the court. ‘The woman also had her arms tied behind her back with a piece of clothing. I first untied her and took the baby from on top of her,’ Mr Vardikos said. ‘As soon as the defendant was untied, the first thing he did was sit on the bed, poking the woman and asked: “Honey, are you OK?” ‘We told him that it’s over, she is dead. ‘We could tell she was dead because she was all white and fluids had come out from the lower part of her body. ‘In a chair next to her, the defendant’s legs and hands were tied at the front of his body. The baby was on its knees, its arms on its mother’s body.’ Mr Vardikos said that after being untied and informed Caroline was dead, Anagnostopoulos asked to hug Lydia. He said Anagnostopoulos attempted to console the child, but police removed her from his arms because he was ‘rocking her too hard.’ Anagnostopoulos faces life imprisonment for the murder of Caroline plus another ten years for the killing of her dog. Mr Vardikos said that the first thing he saw when he entered the couple’s home was Roxy’s torso hanging from a bannister. He said: ‘I heard a voice yelling for help. ‘We moved into the house and saw a dog hanging from the bannister. That’s when I realised something was seriously wrong. ‘When we walked in the entire living room floor was covered with dog excrement.’ Mr Vardikos told the court that he and his colleague, Kleanthis Antonopoulos became suspicious of Anagnostopoulos’ story that burglars had stormed the house and killed Caroline because something ‘did not feel right.’ ‘We told him not to touch her (Caroline), but he kept on poking her,’ the officer told the court. ‘It was as if he was acting. We were watching a man who was either in shock or had no concept of what was happening. ‘His whole behaviour was a bit weird and it seemed that he was too calm.’ Mr Vardikos said in his 20 years as a police officer her had ‘never come across anything’ like what they found in the Athens home. ‘We were overpowered by what we saw, and it affected us emotionally,’ he said. ‘But I never thought that he had made the whole thing up at that stage.’ Anagnostopoulos is said to have kept up the pretence of the grieving husband for more than a year before allegedly confessing to the killings. A key part of his defence is that Caroline ‘triggered’ him into a ‘fit of rage’ after she violently pushed a crib in which their then 11-month-old daughter was sleeping. He maintains that it was a ‘crime of passion’ after she threatened to divorce him. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 