Photos of Boris Johnson attending parties during lockdown could be made public by the new Commons investigation approved yesterday. The Committee of Privileges will consider whether the prime minister knowingly misled MPs when he claimed last year that coronavirus laws in Downing Street were followed at all times. The Met Police have since handed out 50 fines for rule breaking in Whitehall during the pandemic, including to Mr Johnson, his wife Carrie and Chancellor Rishi Sunak. If the latest investigation finds the PM in contempt of Parliament, it could recommend that he is forced to apologise, be suspended from the Commons, or even expelled. Any sanction would still need to be approved  by MPs. While some allies of Mr Johnson believe he would still have a chance of surviving, others argue that voting down the recommendations of a cross-party committee tasked with looking through all the evidence would haunt them at the next election. The committee has the power to release documents relating to the investigation, such as photographs of the Downing Street parties. Around 300 images are said to have been handed to Scotland Yard by senior civil servant Sue Gray, who led a Cabinet Office probe into the parties scandal. But so far, no pictures have been made public of any of the 12 events being investigated by the police, which include a ‘bring-your-own-booze’ garden party, a gathering in the Cabinet Office to mark the prime minister’s 56th birthday in June 2020, and a series of leaving dos. A cross-party group of seven MPs make up the privileges committee, which has existed in some form since the 17th century and looks into allegations that an MP has committed contempt of parliament. It has a Tory majority and its chairman is Labour’s Chris Bryant – though he has recused himself from the investigation into the prime minister because of critical remarks he has made about him. Misleading parliament is usually a resigning matter, but Mr Johnson insists he did not lie to MPs over partygate. He claims he did not realise he was breaking the rules when he attended a gathering for his 56th birthday in the cabinet room – the event he was fined over. However, opposition MPs questioned how he did not know what his own rules were and used Commons procedure to push for a vote to examine whether the PM had lied to the House. The Labour motion went through yesterday after Number 10 backed down on efforts to kick the issue into the long grass with an amendment calling for the investigation to be delayed. Tory whips are said to have backed down after up to half a dozen ministerial aides threatened to resign if they were ordered to vote for the government’s amendment, according to the Daily Mail. The prime minister – who is said to be bracing for more fines – insisted yesterday that he had ‘nothing to hide’. However, he appeared visibly frustrated as he warned the endless investigations could ‘crowd out’ the public’s priorities. Senior Tories believe Labour is deliberately dragging out the affair in a bid to maximise political damage ahead of next month’s local elections. Speaking to reporters on a visit to India, which was overshadowed by the parties row, the PM said: ‘What I don’t want is for this thing to just go on and on and on. ‘We’ve had one inquiry, we’ve had a police inquiry, I think there’s got to be a way of drawing a line under it.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 