The Queen ‘did not say a word’ and wanted time ‘alone with her own thoughts’ after the Duke of Edinburgh’s funeral, her personal adviser says. Angela Kelly, the monarch’s right-hand-woman and stylist of more than 30 years, has shared her insight into one of the most difficult periods of Her Majesty’s life. She has updated her book about serving the Queen with a new chapter about the Royal Family’s struggles during the pandemic and Prince Philip’s funeral. As she said goodbye to her husband of 73 years at St George’s Chapel, the Queen sat alone with no one by her side due to Covid guidelines at the time. In her new chapter, being published in Hello! magazine this week, Ms Kelly describes the moment the monarch returned to Windsor Castle after the ceremony. ‘I helped her off with her coat and hat and no words were spoken,’ Her Majesty’s senior dresser wrote. ‘The Queen then walked to her sitting room, closed the door behind her, and she was alone with her own thoughts.’ Ms Kelly was part of ‘HMS Bubble’, the nickname believed to have been given to the reduced household of dedicated staff who isolated with the head of state during lockdown. In her revised book, The Other Side Of The Coin: The Queen, The Dresser And The Wardrobe, first published in 2019, she described the mood among the team when they learned of Philip’s death. She said there was a ‘sombre’ atmosphere within the bubble and that only a few people were told after the family had been informed. Describing the duke’s scaled-down funeral, Ms Kelly wrote: ‘You could see the expression of sadness on everyone’s faces to see such a great and well- respected man making his last journey. ‘Their thoughts, I’m sure, were for the Queen, knowing she had lost a husband and a best friend. The nation shared the grief and their hearts went out to Her Majesty. ‘I’m sure some of the prayers that were offered were by those who had never prayed before. I think those prayers were offered to keep the Queen strong throughout the months to come, when she would be without her husband.’ On the day of Philip’s funeral, members of staff were allowed to stand outside the Augusta Tower door, opposite St George’s Hall. They all stood to the attention as the duke’s coffin was carefully placed onto a Land Rover specially designed for that day, Ms Kelly says. She said members of staff felt the pain of the valet walking behind Philip’s coffin because it was ‘it was hard to watch our own friends saying goodbye to their amazing boss’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.