After eight or nine hours of work in a day, you might have every intention in the world to go to the gym, clean the bathroom, cook dinner, prepare tomorrow’s lunch and ring your mum. Usually though, it doesn’t quite play out like that. Not only will you find yourself with barely a slither of time left for yourself before you need to hit the hay, it’s quite likely that, by the time the clock strikes 5pm, you’ll only have enough energy to do one or two of those things. While it’s true that work is draining, when you work a sedentary job, it can be surprising that the thought of moving even an inch after work can feel as intimidating as scaling Ben Nevis, or going 10 rounds with a pro boxer. According to Tom Bennet, development chef and nutrition expert at Muscle Food, what you eat for breakfast can have a lot to answer for your dwindling afternoon energy levels. Making the right food choices early in the morning can make a big difference – and help you hit all your goals throughout the day. When you eat a breakfast that mainly consists of carbohydrates, such as toast or cereal, you’ll likely find that you’re already feeling hungry way before lunchtime. You also might start to feel tired sooner: this is because carbohydrates cause a spike in glucose and blood sugar levels, as well as insulin. While this is great for facilitating a short burst of energy, such as before the gym, it’s less helpful if you want your energy levels to last. Bennet suggests adding a source of protein to your breakfast if you want to feel more energised in the afternoon. ‘Because protein is the macronutrient that takes the longest to digest, a high protein breakfast will leave you feeling fuller for longer,’ says Bennet. ‘Additionally, protein slows down the digestion of carbohydrates so balancing out your high carb meals with protein will reduce that insulin spike, putting you in a much better position to mitigate that hunger that sometimes hits between breakfast and lunch.’ Essentially, a balanced breakfast, that has a mix of carbs, protein and fat, is the ideal breakfast to increase energy levels. Plus, if you’re a gym bunny, Bennet adds: ‘Getting a good serving of protein with breakfast also means you’ll be on a great track to get an adequate amount of protein throughout the day, so sets you off to a good start all round.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : People are making custard toast on TikTok – and it’s the perfect breakfast-meets-dessert hybrid MORE : This is why we eat the same breakfast over and over again MORE : Power breathing: Eight techniques to inhale energy and exhale stress