The Royal Family has shared a sweet picture the Queen as a toddler to mark her 96th birthday. An image posted on social media shows the young Princess Elizabeth posing for a photo in 1928 –  when she was just two years old. At the time, she was not expected to ever become Queen. But that changed when her uncle Edward VIII abdicated in 1936, and her father became King. In the black and white image, the Queen has a curly mop of hair and is smiling with her hands resting on her cheeks. The post said: ‘Happy Birthday Your Majesty! Today as The Queen turns 96, we’re sharing this photograph of the young Princess Elizabeth aged 2. ‘Then, in 1928, it was never expected she would be Queen, and this year Her Majesty is celebrating her #PlatinumJubilee – a first in British history.’ It comes after the Queen released a new photo to mark her big day. Despite her mobility issues, the portrait showed the monarch standing between two white ponies with a backdrop of tree blossom. It taken last month in the grounds of Windsor Castle to show her love for horses. Several members of the royal family also released sentimental photos to wish the Queen a happy birthday. Prince Charles wrote on Twitter: ‘Wishing Her Majesty The Queen a particularly special 96th birthday today, as we celebrate her Platinum Jubilee year.’ The post was accompanied by four photos, including one in black and white of Prince Charles as a boy walking behind his mother. Kate and William called the monarch an ‘inspiration to many’ alongside a sweet family photo the Queen and Prince Philip surrounded by their seven great-grandchildren. The snap, taken by Kate herself, shows Prince George, Prince Louis and Princess Charlotte with Peter Phillip’s daughters Savannah and Isla, and Zara and Mike Tindall’s children Lena and Mia. Another  showed William, Kate and the Queen at the Duchess’s Chelsea Flower Show garden in 2019. Today is the second birthday the Queen has spent without her late husband following his death last year. The Duke of Edinburgh died on April 9, less than a fortnight before her birthday, and two months before his own hundredth birthday. The Queen’s birthday celebrations for the last two years have been muted due to the pandemic. Usually, her official celebration – Trooping the Colour – is held in June, but it had to be cancelled in 2020 and 2021. This year, it is expected to go ahead for the Jubilee. The Queen has already received birthday wishes from Boris Johnson and Keir Starmer, and gun salutes will be fired in her honour today.  Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.