Scientists say they’ve uncovered the smell that’s most pleasing to the most number of people, irrespective of gender, culture, nationality or race. Although we all have smells we like and dislike, the experts say it comes down to simple chemistry. The structure of a single odour molecule dictates how humans receive and translate it. And the researchers say that a general consensus on good and bad smells can form around this, no matter what your cultural background is. ‘Cultures around the world rank different odours in a similar way no matter where they come from, but odour preferences have a personal – although not cultural – component,’ explained Artin Arshamian, a researcher at the Department of Clinical Neuroscience at the Karolinska Institutet in Sweden. Arshamian is the author on the study, published in the journal Current Biology, that enlisted people around the globe to find out which single smell is the most pleasing. Those on the receiving end of the smells came from a wide range of backgrounds, including indigenous groups with little exposure to smells and foodstuffs outside of their own culture. ‘We wanted to examine if people around the world have the same smell perception and like the same types of odour, or whether this is something that is culturally learned,’ Arshamian said. ‘Traditionally it has been seen as cultural, but we can show that culture has very little to do with it.’ In total, there were 235 noses involved in the study and they were asked to rank the different smells involved. The all-round winner? That would be the lovely smell of vanilla. While it wasn’t every single person’s ultimate favourite smell, it was the one ranked by the most people has being nice. Interestingly, when it came to the least-favourite smell, the study found that something called isovaleric acid was involved. The odour molecules from this show up in things like soy milk and cheese – but also foot sweat. Which tracks, to be honest. ‘Now we know that there’s universal odour perception that is driven by molecular structure and that explains why we like or dislike a certain smell,’ Arshamian said. ‘The next step is to study why this is so by linking this knowledge to what happens in the brain when we smell a particular odour.’ MORE : Make your space smell like springtime with these fresh home fragrance buys MORE : Queen releases dog perfume that smells of ‘coastal walks’ 