A man has walked and cycled the length of the UK to raise awareness around postnatal depression after his wife took her own life and the life of their six-month-old baby. Hamish Magoffin, 38, told Metro.co.uk that his life turned upside down last September when he lost his wife Pranaiya and son Arthur, but now he is striving to help others who might be silently struggling with mental illness. He has since established the PAM Foundation in his family’s honour and one of his first endeavours to raise funds saw him run and cycle 1,400km from John o’ Groats to Land’s End in 17 days. ‘After giving birth to our son last year, my wife suffered severe postpartum depression (PPD),’ says Hamish. ‘Myself and her family made a concerted effort early on after she was diagnosed to try to help her and treat it. ‘Despite seeing doctors and trying a range of therapies, she decided that the only way out was to end her life and our son’s prematurely. ‘Pranaiya was a generous and loving mother and wife. If I were to sum her up in three words it would be “beautiful inside and out”.’ The couple met during their Oxford MBA programme in 2010 and Hamish proposed to Pranaiya during a visit to Scotland a few years after. She was from Thailand and he was from Austrailia, but had been living in London for years and considers the city his home. They eventually settled in Thailand. That’s where they were living when tragedy struck. ‘She was loved by all that knew her and a very calm and easy-going person and had never suffered any previous mental health issues,’ Hamish tells us. ‘After losing her and Arthur, I wanted to try to make some good out of this tragedy, so I established the Pranaiya & Arthur Magoffin Foundation (PAM Foundation) to address peripartum mental health issues.’ Hamish said the toughest moment was on day four, as the condition of his legs deteriorated. He explains: ‘The morning was sub-zero temperatures and my legs and joints were very stiff. ‘By the afternoon I needed a knee brace and ongoing massages to keep me going; I managed to finish the 90kms in just over 13 hours but knew that when I woke up in the morning there would be issues with my feet and legs.’ The keen outdoorsman had planned to run the entire route but decided to introduce a bike after developing an infection in his legs. Along the way, friends and family cheered Hamish on and he described it as a heartwarming experience. Despite suffering from extreme pain in his legs, Hamish was determined to reach his goal and said the thought of his family kept him going. He adds: ‘Despite sustaining the injuries and not being able to continue on foot I wanted to complete the distance under my own steam for the reason that I set. ‘I had another runner mention to me during the event “remember your why”.  My “why” was very strong – running (/cycling) to help my grieving process, remember Pranaiya and Arthur, and help raise awareness of Pranaiya’s struggles and to ultimately help other families that suffer the same.’ So far, Hamish has raised more than £39,000 for the cause and he reached the finish line on April 4. ‘As part of my own recovery process, I found going out for walks helpful – just getting outside and putting one foot in front of the other. ‘I decided to do the John o’ Groats to Land’s End (JOGLE) challenge so as to have a goal I could train and focus on, which I found helped me mentally. ‘In addition, the goal for the JOGLE was to raise awareness of PPD and the PAM Foundation.’ Hamish hopes his story will spark conversations about post-natal depression, which affects between 10 to 15 in every 100 women having a baby. The Royal College of Psychiatrists that the symptoms are ‘similar to those in depression at other times. These include low mood and other symptoms lasting at least two weeks’. The impact of the pandemic, Hamish believes, also had a major impact on his wife’s mental health with ‘limited social interactions’ and additional anxieties caused by the threat of Covid-19, which ‘ultimately led to a pressure cooker that she couldn’t escape’. He muses: ‘Pranaiya never previously had any mental health issues and we didn’t have any of the usual risk factors – no financial issues, were happily married, etc. ‘I have spoken with many people who never previously suffered any mental health issues, but during the pandemic had depression, anxiety, or other problems, and these are people that don’t have any financial-related issues from the pandemic. ‘So the pandemic, lockdowns, restricted social interactions have had a massive impact and I think we will find out in due course just how bad this has been.’ Looking ahead, Hamish plans an official launch of the PAM Foundation later this year and he is also working on holding an exhibition showing ‘real moments of parenthood’ as opposed to the ‘perfect’ images that often flood social media. He believes these images can have a negative impact on mental health and wants to ‘shatter the looking glass by raising peoples’ awareness of this, emphasising what it really means to be a parent’. The Brit, who runs a venture capital firm and currently splits his time between Bangkok and London, also plans to run events for families to encourage them to get outside and feel the healing power of nature and being active. He concludes: ‘I think being outdoors has big mental health healing benefits.  During lockdown in Bangkok, the parks were closed and we weren’t able to go for walks or do anything outside. ‘As Pranaiya’s depression deepened there was no escape. Pranaiya’s favourite colour was green and she loved being outside among nature, trees, flowers, and moss – things she wasn’t able to experience. ‘Once we lost Pranaiya and Arthur, I found getting outside, just going for slow walks in the park helped me a lot to reflect, process, and ultimately re-start running. ‘Obviously, everyone is different, but I don’t know what I would’ve done without being able to do this.’ To learn more about the PAM Foundation and to donate to the cause visit pamfoundation.org Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Could you be doing more for your Muslim employees this Ramadan? Almost definitely MORE : Retreat for Black women aims to ‘heal racial exhaustion’ and create space for joy MORE : How to reduce the number of colds you have per year