The world is divided into two camps: those who adore Guinness and those who simply cannot stand the stuff. But the Irish stout is slowly but surely winning more people over with its dark and mysterious ways. Of course, there’s no denying that Guinness has always been a drink of choice for some people: a comforting and hearty option that’s filling – yet not too boozy. However, the beverage is now reaching new demographics and is surging in popularity. In fact, data shows sales have surged by 30% since lockdown – so much so, that one in every 10 pints sold in London is now a Guinness. A drink that was once grandad’s go-to tipple is now being plastered over Instagram and TikTok by Gen Z. But perhaps the most interesting thing is the number of people doing a Guinness U-turn. Those who formerly couldn’t stand the drink are now opting for it as their go-to order. Warren, from Birmingham, converted to Guinness about 10 months ago, after being forced to sample it at a podcast pub event – where it was the ‘drink of the week’. Before this meet-up, he simply couldn’t stand the stuff – and is, in many ways, glad he was forced into trying it. ‘I would say it was a relatively quick conversion, I was doing that thing toddlers do where they had made their mind up about it before trying it properly,’ Warren tells Metro.co.uk. ‘Then I had it a few more times, then started drinking it more regularly down my local football club: Shenley Lane Community Sports Centre.’ Since then, Warren’s ‘love affair’ with Guinness has blossomed. ‘It’s a more relaxed pint, you can sip it for a while and not worry about it going flat,’ the 41-year-old explains. ‘It’s not as heavy as I thought it would be (I used to tease my dad about him and his “pint of soup”).’ Steve Ryan, co-founder and managing director of 40FT Brewery, says the rise in these Guinness coverts could be down to changing attitudes following the pandemic. He says: ‘Behaviours are changing in general since reopening from lockdowns. I’d like to think that people are more open to new things. As a neighbourhood brewery, we have found more locals supporting us so maybe they are also trying things they may have overlooked before. ‘People are returning to pubs and with that they are returning to fresh pints of Guinness draught on tap. Wine and spirits had their time in the lockdown sun – but fresh pints of beer and pubs go hand in hand.’ This was certainly the case for David, a writer from London, who fell in love with Guinness just a month ago – after not being fussed on it for years. He tells Metro.co.uk: ‘I’ve never been averse to Guinness but it was beyond rare that I drank it. But, about a month ago – the first time the sun actually emitted a bit of warmth in London – I craved a Guinness in the sun. ‘It was all I could think about until I got my flatmate to meet me at a pub for a drink outside. ‘It was an incredibly quick conversion to a full-time Guinness drinker. I hadn’t had one since before the pandemic – but now it’s my go-to drink.’ David says that the lower alcohol percentage and the fact most places have it on draught are key selling points for him. ‘I used to struggle a little with my iron levels and I think maybe my vegetarian body knew to lean into the Guinness rather than meat this time around,’ he adds. ‘Maybe there’s some deep trauma within where I’m trying to appease my Irish ancestors, or maybe I just needed a tiny change that tricks my brain into thinking things are less chaotic than they have been for two years – who knows.’ David also says he thinks the pandemic may have influenced his new drink of choice. He continues: ‘I barely drank during lockdowns and have entered a point in my life where I only drink if I want to enjoy what I’m having and I always tap out after a couple. I’m not often in clubs and often only really having a drink, socially, these days and don’t ever drink to get drunk. ‘A pint of Guinness fits that lifestyle change that was induced by lockdowns.’ But what do long-time Guinness drinkers think of these newly converted individuals? It seems some are just grateful the drink is receiving the love they think it deserves. Chris, from London, admits: ‘I’m also a sucker for hype – so I’m not going to turn my nose up at anyone wanting to get in on the action. ‘As a Guinness fan anyway, it’s hard not to be also swept up in its current bump in popularity. ‘Personally, it used to be my pudding beer. The creamy finisher to end a session. Now, it’s my fairly risk-free order of choice after learning that you can order and drink more than two of them at once.’ But Chris stresses that, for long-time Guinness lover like himself, it’s not hard to see why the drink is surging in popularity. And due to its widespread appeal – which many people are only now discovering – it’s unlikely to ever fall out of favour. He continues: ‘A drink that was once worthy of a head nod from pub relics after ordering has now been adopted by Gen Z – it’s a dependable constant on the taps at any reputable pub. ‘With its film noir aesthetic, a pint of black (with the essential 18-20mm head) never did, and probably never will, fall out of fashion.’ This is something backed-up by Jovan Buac, the executive business director of consumer brands at Landor & Fitch, who says a pint of the black stuff has a certain social standing and respect within the drinks world – not to mention it’s incredibly practical. He adds: ‘It’s no surprise Guinness is doing so well. It’s the original provocateur to regular lagers and has been around long before the craft beer phenomenon. While all lagers look the same, Guinness has social cachet – thanks to its unmissable colour – meaning it’s unmistakable when you’re drinking it. ‘Not to mention, it has practical benefits too – it’s less gassy, has fewer calories and a lower ABV than lager, and is recognised as a rich source of iron and nutrients.’ In terms of its recent rise in popularity, it seems the closure of pubs during the pandemic may have played a role. After all, there’s a technique to a perfectly poured pint of Guinness (@shitlondonguinness will show you how it’s not done). And with no access to pubs during lockdown, individuals were forced to go without. ‘A perfectly poured pint of Guinness is just something you can’t replicate at home – you need it precisely chilled and poured on draft for the perfect serve’ explains Cormac Gibney of Gibney’s London. ‘The UK’s lockdowns due to Covid meant people were craving a decent pint and as soon as everyone was allowed out, they went straight to the pub. We’ve been selling more Guinness than ever since the last lockdown, people can’t seem to get enough of it. ‘It’s the anticipation of a pint of Guinness that keeps the drink so alluring. You have to wait for the first pour to settle in the glass before filling to the top. ‘It’s like a dance in the glass. And even now, after I’ve poured thousands of pints of the stuff, I still get excited by it.’ We’re calling it: Guinness is the drink of the moment. And hopefully, with pubs back up and running again after two years of uncertainty, fans won’t ever have to go without a pint of the stuff ever again. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are some of the best wines out there produced by women MORE : A Guinness microbrewery is coming to London MORE : This berry margarita is the perfect spring cocktail