A little boy has taken matters into his own hands after being teased for looking like ‘Boris Johnson’s offspring’. Mum Karly Denton, 33, was left in stitches when her son George-Henry, 7, decided to trim his messy blonde fringe but instead managed to lop half of it off. She posted the results on Facebook, which quickly went viral and attracted replies from thousands of other parents whose kids had had disasters cutting their own hair. Has your child cut their own hair with hilarious results? Send your pictures in the comments below to be featured on Facebook! George-Henry had initially been hoping to grow his hair long enough to style it into a ‘man bun’, which meant putting up with months of awkward growth stages where it resembled the prime minister’s trademark mop. The 33-year-old, from Grimsby, Lincolnshire, told Manchester Evening News: ‘I’ve said he looked like Boris for months. While it was going through the growing stage it didn’t really lay properly, it just stuck out. ‘I kept telling him he looked like the offspring of Boris Johnson. He kept telling me off. ‘I showed him [pictures of] Boris and he said he doesn’t look like that but I told him he really does. ‘When he’s just got out of bed and his hair sticks out so much, it’s so funny. It kept falling down in his face and it was annoying him. One morning, Karly remarked to her son that his hair had grown to a stage where it ‘actually looks nice’ and could be ‘trimmed and tidied up’. She went to have a bath before taking George-Henry to the hairdressers, but in his impatience he decided to take matters into his own hands. He gave his six-year-old brother Franke-Jamies a pair of scissors from their craft set and asked him to cut it while he held his hair up. Karly added: ‘He walked into the bathroom and was playing with his hair at the front. ‘He said “mum the front bit has gone” and moved his hand and I said “oh my God, what have you done?”. I couldn’t stop laughing. ‘He was gutted. He said he’d taken the front bit off I told him he’d cut loads off but he wasn’t panicking. ‘I asked if he’d seen it and he hadn’t so I showed it to him in the mirror and he started crying. He was in genuine shock that it didn’t look good. They don’t normally do anything stupid.’ Since becoming Tory leader, Mr Johnson has often sported much shorter hairstyles in an apparent attempt to appear more prime-ministerial. He may be able to sympathise with George-Henry, having reportedly visited a nervous stylist in 2019 who took off far more than he should have. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.