A man’s plot to murder his ex-wife was foiled when a pair of plucky pensioners wrestled him off her and sat on him until police arrived, a court has heard. Father-of-two Thuan Dinh, 53, ambushed his estranged partner Lien, 50, at her nail salon a day after she secured a restraining order against him in March 2020. Having spent the early hours drinking, he packed a bag with a piece of rope, petrol and gas cylinders and hid before working hours in VCC Boutique in Tonbridge, Kent, where she worked as manager. When Lien entered the salon at 9am she heard footsteps and turned to see Dinh holding the rope in his hands. He locked the door before trying to strangle her with it and gouge her eyes out with his thumbs, Maidstone Crown Court was told this week. Using a knife he found in the salon, he stabbed her in the neck, missing her jugular vein by milimetres. She managed to wriggle free and yell for help, but he grabbed her by the hair before she could run away. Roger Trask, 75, and Katherine Jordan, 65, happened to be passing by the shop on their way to get breakfast when they heard her screams and rushed inside. The judge praised them for ‘undoubtedly’ preventing a murder by wrestling Dinh off his ex-wife and sitting on him while emergency services were called. The defendant, of Rowan Mews, Tonbridge, claimed he was only trying to kill himself but detectives presented evidence of a ‘premedidated’ plan to murder his wife and set fire to her shop afterwards. He was jailed for 28 years for attempted murder and breaching a restraining order. His ex-partner, who has recovered from her injuries but was left psychologically scarred, told the trial: ‘In that moment I just thought I had to protect and rescue myself, hence I said that to him. ‘I pleaded to him to let go. I asked him to think about the children. I said I didn’t want my children to be without a mum. ‘I was hoping the staff would come in in time to help me.’ Defence barrister Ben Temple said Dinh’s attack was a ‘knee-jerk reaction’ to the court order and the ‘catastrophic impact’ of losing his wife and family. He said Dinh had ‘liberated’ his wife 30 years ago from a refugee camp in Hong Kong but became more controlling as their marriage went on and eventually threatened to kill her if she ever left him. Mr Temple added: ‘It’s a terrible symmetry that it should end with his self-destruction.’ DCI Garry Cook thanked Mr Trask and Ms Jordan for their ‘brave’ intervention. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 