A Ukrainian bear ‘who brought smiles to refugee children’s faces’ has died after being evacuated from the country to a sanctuary in Romania. Masha, who spent most of her life in a circus, was rescued by non-profit group Warriors of Wildlife in a journey documented by a Birmingham man. The 22-year-old bear was evacuated at the end of March from Sambir, near Lviv in western Ukraine, to what was intended to be her ‘forever home’. The van journey to Libearty Bear Sanctuary involved a team including the group’s founder Lionel De Lange and British journalist Richard Ashmore. Masha suffered a massive stroke from which she did not recover and ‘crossed the rainbow bridge’ on Monday, the charity said on Facebook. Mr De Lange was taking some comfort from Masha having been given a taste of relative freedom after spending 19 years in a circus. He told Metro.co.uk: ‘We are devastated. So many people were rooting for her and that would have been her last ever trip. ‘At least we rescued her four years ago and she had a decent area with a pool, grass, trees and decent food. We will always miss her.’ Born in captivity, the Eurasian brown bear was released to Mr De Lange by her trainer after being kept in the back of a van and made to perform circus tricks, such as riding a scooter and jumping through hoops. Up to that point, the performing life was all she had known since being acquired by a trainer as a three-month-old cub. Masha had been in a temporary holding facility on a farm in Sambir, where she could roam relatively freely, while waiting for a permanent home. As well as the turmoil and devastation wrought on Ukraine since the Russian invasion began seven weeks ago, the owners had been under pressure to relinquish the land. The team sedated the bear and placed her in a van for the journey across the border to the large enclosure in Transylvania, regarded as one of the best sanctuaries in the world for bears. Along the way they spoke to refugees also heading west – part of a mass exodus not witnessed in Europe since the Second World War – who took heart from the rescue effort. They arrived on March 21 after making the 700km journey, before which Masha had been checked over by a group of expert vets. The international Free the Wild charity, which also supported the evacuation, said at the time that Masha had taken her first steps on wild ground in what was intended to be her ‘forever home’. She had also seen another bear for the first time in her life after arriving at her new home in a coniferous forest. On Facebook, Mr De Lange said: ‘It is with a very heavy and sad heart that I write this post today. ‘Masha had a massive stroke from which she did not recover and she has crossed over the rainbow bridge. RIP Masha. You will always be remembered fondly even though you took joy in scaring me )). ‘I will never forget the smiles you brought to the faces of refugee children and their families who were fleeing the war in Ukraine while you too were waiting to cross the border as a refugee into Romania. ‘For a few moments these kids and their families forgot the horrors of war because you brought a smile to their faces. ‘I will always remember that moment forever.’ Mr De Lange, 56, believes that Masha’s final days in the sanctuary, which has 70 hectares of wild spaces, pools and trees, would have been her happiest. He said: ‘I am so grateful that we could get you away from circus life in 2018 and were able to give you a better place to live. ‘I am sure you know that AMP Libearty – Bear Sanctuary was heaven for you and you got to experience that even for just a short time. ‘You touched many lives and we will miss you dearly.’ The plight of zoo animals in Ukraine has been in the backdrop of the worst humanitarian crisis witnessed in Europe since World War Two. Many view the treatment of animals as a marker of humanity amid the daily death and destruction being inflicted on Ukraine by Russian forces. On Monday, Metro.co.uk told how rescue efforts are ongoing at Feldman Ecopark in Kharkiv, which said that almost 100 animals have died as a result of the invasion. The non-profit organisation has been moving animals including lions, cheetahs and jaguars to safety despite the north-eastern province coming under heavy bombardment. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.