Harry and Meghan shared an intimate on-stage kiss at the opening ceremony of the Invictus Games tonight, before the prince gave an emotional speech to hundreds of people. The loved-up couple arrived hand-in-hand at the event at the Zuiderpark stadium in The Hague. The PDA moment came after Meghan took to the stage to give her opening speech, in which she gushed over her ‘incredible husband’. Meghan, dressed in a white off-the-shoulder top and dark trousers, paid tribute to Team Ukraine and  service and dedication of all those participating in this year’s games. She spoke for a couple of minutes before welcoming Harry on stage. She said: ‘It is my distinguished honour to introduce someone that I think you’ll all be very excited to hear from. ‘He has also spent many late nights and early mornings planning for these games to make them as perfect as possible for each of you. ‘I could not love and respect him more and I know that all of you feel the same, because he is your fellow veteran, having served two tours of duty in Afghanistan and 10 years of military service. ‘He’s the founder of the Invictus Games, and the father to our two little ones, Archie and Lili. Please welcome my incredible husband, Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex.’ Harry gave his wife a kiss as he took the mic to give his own speech.  He smiled broadly as Meghan returned to her seat and said: ‘Thank you my love’. The duke founded the Invictus Games to aid the rehabilitation of injured or sick military personnel and veterans from across the globe, by giving them the challenge of competing in sporting events similar to the Paralympics. He paid tribute to the ‘boundless humility, the compassion and the friendship’ of those involved in making the event happen. He said: ‘I want to personally thank the people of the Netherlands for welcoming us with such warm Dutch hospitality. ‘And thank you to the Dutch government, the Ministry of Defence and the Dutch royal family for their support in making this all happen after a two-year wait.’ He also paid tribute to the ‘bravery’ of Team Ukraine in choosing to attend the games, echoing his wife’s sentiment that everyone stands with them. He said: ‘Your bravery in choosing to come and for being here tonight cannot be overstated. ‘You told me yesterday when you decided to join us despite all odds, you said you came to be on this global stage, not simply to show your strength but to tell your truth, the truth, of what is happening in your country. ‘You know we stand with you. The world is united with you and still you deserve more. ‘And my hope is that these events, this event, creates the opportunity in how we as a global community can better show up for you.’ Harry also told the crowd about his conversations with son Archie about what he wants to be when he grows up. The duke said: ‘To be role models, or the role models, that each of you are takes strength and it takes courage. ‘When I talk to my son Archie about what he wants to be when he grows up, some days it’s an astronaut, other days it’s a pilot – a helicopter pilot obviously. Or Kwazii from Octonauts. If you’re laughing then you’ve seen that. ‘But what I remind him is that no matter what you want to be when you grow up, it’s your character that matters most, and nothing would make his mum and me prouder than to see him have the character of what we see before us today.’ Harry said those involved with Invictus have ‘overcome immense challenges’, adding: ‘And together you are healing and teaching the world as you go.’ The Invictus Games was where the couple made their first public appearance together almost five years ago. The ceremony comes after the couple spent the day meeting injured military veterans before hitching a ride on mini Land Rovers driven by children, with their Netflix crew in tow to capture every moment. The opening ceremony featured live performances by the Kaiser Chiefs, the Johan Willem Friso royal military band, singer-songwriter Anneke van Giersbergen, and rock band DI-RECT. Princess Margriet of the Netherlands and Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte were among those in the audience, with Mr Rutte also addressing the crowd. Addressing Team Ukraine he said: ‘No doubt you are here with both mixed feelings and grave concerns about what’s happening at home and some members of your team can’t be here because they are fighting on the frontlines. ‘And like you, we are thinking of them. ‘And we are also thinking of those Ukrainians in the Invictus community who have paid the ultimate price while fighting in the war. ‘They deserve our highest respect. Please know that we are all behind you, that we support Ukraine. ‘ Hans Ploegmakers, an injured veteran, then played the Dutch version of The Last Post on trumpet followed by a minute’s silence.  Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.