A green blanket has engulfed Trafalgar Square in London – adorning it with plants, trees and flowers. People made a beeline for the newly-grown meadow early this morning. They were met with 6,000 different plants and a replica lion statue, which was covered with live foliage. Children were offered watering cans and visitors rewarded with their very own potted plants to take home. Gardeners and horticulturists worked through the night to transform the iconic tourist spot into a stunning green meadow, which forms part of innocent’s Big Rewild Campaign. The project was launched after a poll of 2,000 adults found 43% had no idea what rewilding was. Nearly one in 20 believed it to be simply letting your wild side free, while 2% thought it was another name for people who grow their own vegetables. Conservationist and wilderness expert Ray Mears welcomed visitors to the meadow this morning. He said: ‘It’s wild that in the UK there has been a rapid urbanisation, with spaces greyer and more industrial than ever before. ‘So much so, that people are going days without seeing nature, especially in the cities. ‘For city dwellers especially, spending time with nature can be tricky – so that’s why I’m supporting innocent today in their mission to educate on the importance of nature by bringing back the beautiful trees, plants and flowers in one of the UK’s treasured landmarks. ‘Rewilding has a multitude of benefits for the ecosystem; from drawing down carbon from the atmosphere, helping wildlife adapt to climate change and reversing biodiversity loss – not forgetting the positive impact to your physical and mental health. ‘It’s time we all embrace a bit of the outdoors.’ Innocent’s study also found the average adult is only surrounded by the great outdoors around four times a week – for 50 minutes at a time. However, when people chose to immerse themselves in nature, six in 10 said it makes them feel calm and happy. Nearly half of respondents said both cities and rural areas had become ‘too sterile and concrete’. Four in every ten surveyed feared there would be no green spaces left one day. The majority of people said they would like to see rewilding become more prominent and that the government should be doing more to improve biodiversity. Innocent hopes the Big Rewild Campaign will encourage people in the city to ‘get back to nature’ and rewild spaces near their own homes. Millions of seeds are to be handed out in Trafalgar Square today to inspire people to boost biodiversity. Sam Akinluyi, managing director at innocent drinks, said: ‘Our Big Rewild campaign aims to show how we can use the power of nature for positive impact; all while making urban communities and the planet healthier places to be. ‘Today’s installation marks the announcement of our pledge to help combat climate change. ‘We hope that this move inspires the nation to kickstart their own rewilding project and we welcome those not in London today to come down to one of our regional, events over the summer.” To learn about rewilding, innocent is also inviting Brits to a number of rewilding events with the Orchard Project across the UK. To find out more go to thebigrewild.co.uk. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.