Some extra beauty steps are worth taking. For damaged and dry hair, one of these steps is a homemade mask with nourishing ingredients, like honey and argan oil. Regular conditioner doesn’t cut through dryness quite so well as a mask, which is designed to be a more heavy duty product and left on the hair for longer. Though there are plenty on the market, it can be more cost-effective to make your own at home. Searches for ‘homemade hair mask’ are up by 55% on Pinterest in the last year, as are ‘dry hair treatment’ searches. People are looking to make their own – especially with the rise of customisable beauty, where products and treatments can be tailored to individual needs. Nadia, 23, who runs a natural haircare brand Nu Elefa, shares her homemade recipe below: Ingredients: Method: 1. Add conditioner or aloe vera gel to a bowl. 2. Ensure that your coconut oil is at room temperature and a liquid and add it to your conditioner. Mix these together. 3. Add the olive oil and argan oil to your bowl. 4. Add the serum to your bowl. You could use it like that, or to go the extra mile with these steps: 6. Boil hot water and add this to a different empty bowl. 7. Place the bowl with your homemade mask into the other bowl. Stir the conditioner. 8. This will heat the conditioner up without removing the nutrients and will help with the greenhouse method (explained below). Nadia says: ‘All of the ingredients used in this mask have conditioning properties that will transform your hair from feeling dry and lackluster to healthy and hydrated. ‘Coconut oil and olive oil have powerful antioxidants and vitamins to help protect your hair strands from damage. ‘Argan oil has nourishing properties, and adds a beautiful sheen. ‘The conditioner you choose or the aloe vera gel you use will help hydrate hair and attract water molecules to your hair strands. ‘It’s important to apply the mask to damp hair so that the ingredients can seal the water on the hair strands. ‘Then allow the mask to sit for 30 minutes with a shower cap on, which creates the greenhouse effect (GHE), generating heat and moisture. ‘This allows the hair shafts to open so the mask can penetrate each strand, leaving them hydrated. This method also increases blood flow in the scalp so the essential oils from the hair serum can be absorbed by the scalp causing hair growth.’ You can use a mask as often as once a week, or a little as once a month, to still see some benefit. Other ingredients to look out for when tailor-making your own mask are castor oil, peppermint, avocado, oatmeal and almond milk. If you’re still keen to buy your own, Aveda’s Botanical Repair Intensive Strengthening Masque: Rich is designed with coarse hair in mind, while Living Proof’s Restore Repair mask is that bit lighter for finer hair, or there’s Nu Elefa’s Hair Gloss which will last a long time as it comes as a powder that’s activated by water. Whatever you choose, let it sink in for a good while so hair has time to absorb the concoction. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best haircuts for curls and Afro hair MORE : Louis Vuitton brown is the hair colour of the moment – how to perfect the designer inspired shade MORE : These are the most searched for hairstyles of 2022 so far