Boris Johnson will lead the Conservatives into the next general election despite growing calls for his resignation over Partygate, the party chairman has insisted. The prime minister has faced criticism after receiving fixed penalty fines from the Metropolitan Police for breaking Covid restrictions during lockdown, with many believing a no confidence vote is inevitable. Despite this, he has been adamant he will continue leading the country, something the Tory Party chairman has now backed. ‘I have every confidence Boris will lead us into the next general elections,’ Oliver Dowden told BBC’s Sunday Morning programme. He insisted removing Mr Johnson from his post would lead to ‘instability and uncertainty’ in the country as it faced ‘unparalleled challenges’ to national security and the cost of living. ‘I understand how people feel really hurt and angry about this, and I think the prime minister acknowledged that properly in what he said – he gave a full and unreserved apology,’ Mr Dowden said. ‘But I think you do need to balance against all the really good things he has done as prime minister – whether that’s delivering the vaccine programme, getting Brexit done, or the action in Ukraine. ‘But also the challenges we face right now, whether that’s national security or whether that’s energy security – these unparalleled challenges. And I actually think that instability and uncertainty caused by a change in leadership would not be in the national interest.’ Last week, Mr Johnson himself said that ‘of course’ he would fight the next general election as Tory leader. Pressed on whether there were any circumstances under which he would consider resigning, he said: ‘Not a lot that spring to mind at the moment.’ Mr Dowden added the government was ramping up its efforts to authorise visas for Ukrainians fleeing the war, while calling on France and Germany to do more to help. The prime minister, his wife Carrie Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak all received fines for attending a birthday party thrown in Mr Johnson’s honour in June 2020. It marks the first time a sitting prime minister has been found to have broken the law, and has prompted many MPs across the benches to call for his resignation. It is believed Mr Johnson may receive further fines as part of the police investigation into claims of parties held in No 10 during lockdown – however, Mr Dowden has dismissed this as ‘quite a speculation’. Labour said Mr Johnson only had himself to blame for the spotlight on his handling of Partygate as well as rumoured breaches of social distancing rules. ‘Why are we talking about this? Answer: because the Prime Minister has broken the rules he made, and been fined by the police for doing it,’ leader Keir Starmer  told BBC’s Sunday Morning programme. ‘No prime minister in the history of our country has even been in that position before. So he’s brought this on himself. His moral authority, his authority to lead, is shot through and his own side have now had enough of defending him.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.