A mum of triplets has won a sex discrimination case after she was made redundant as her bosses claimed she’d become ‘less focused’ since going part-time. Lawyer Gemma Long, who worked for British Gas, covered two people’s roles when she returned from maternity leave. She felt pressured to work on her days off by her managers who criticised her for leaving work on-time, a tribunal in Reading heard. But Mrs Long will receive compensation after it was ruled the redundancy process was discriminatory – with her ‘personal circumstances as a mother of young children unconsciously held against her’. The experienced solicitor started working for the energy giant as their intellectual property counsel in January 2012. In May 2016, she left to have her three children, with one born with ‘significant additional needs’. She returned in September 2017, but cut down her hours to three days a week on a £46,800-a-year salary. At first, her department’s workload was shared with a full-time colleague – but this changed when they resigned in June the following year. The tribunal heard that the pressure to work overtime could be seen in emails sent by Mrs Long’s line managers, solicitors Sarah Hartnell and Vicky Wells. In one, Ms Wells wrote to Ms Hartnell saying: ‘Are you going to speak to Gemma this week about not dropping everything when she leaves on Weds? Let me know how it goes…’ It went onto read: ‘I’ve also told her that the work doesn’t stop at 4pm on a Wednesday.’ Ms Hartnell told the tribunal she had ‘serious concerns’ about Mrs Long’s performance during 2018. But the lawyer’s annual performance review for the year was a mix of positive and negative comments, and Mrs Long said it ‘did not give the impression that she was performing below expectations’. In March 2019, she was placed on a Performance Improvement Plan, the same month the firm hired an experienced full-time male intellectual property lawyer on £80,000-a-year. Three months later, Mrs Long was told she was at risk of redundancy. The firm used a scoring system as part of their decision to decide who would lose their job. Ms Hartnell gave Mrs Long ‘1 out of 7 for Focus’, which meant ‘rarely demonstrates this capability and/or sometimes demonstrates the opposite’. This was described by employment Judge Andrew Gumbiti-Zimuto as ‘irrational’ at a hearing held nearly two years after Mrs Long lost her job in July 2019. In her evidence, Ms Hartnell accepted Mrs Long’s focus on trademarks was good and that this made up the lion’s share of her work. Mrs Long argued the selection criteria was ‘stacked against me as a working mother’. She said she believed she was ‘consciously or unconsciously discriminated against’ on the grounds of sex and part-time status. Bosses ‘assumed she was not performing as well as a full-time male colleague’ and was ‘less focused because she was a woman with triplets working three days a week’, she said. Judge Gumbiti-Zimuto upheld that Mrs Long’s personal circumstances as a mother of young children was unconsciously being held against her. ‘We conclude that [Mrs Long] was treated less favourably than [the other male lawyer], a full-time male worker, in the process that resulted in her dismissal’, he said. ‘The Tribunal concludes that [she] was treated less favourably than [British Gas] treats a comparable full-time worker. ‘[Her] complaints about dismissal succeed on the grounds of direct sex discrimination and less favourable treatment because of part-time working.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.