A burger joint which has hit the headlines for its controversial social media posts featuring Madeleine McCann is now hiring. The owner of the Otley Burger Company in Leeds checks his potential hires aren’t bothered by the ‘offensive’ adverts during the interview process. The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) banned the ads yesterday after receiving three complaints they could cause distress. Joe Scholey, 29, said: ‘We make them aware during the interview. We do tell them this is what we sort of do, this is our sense of humour and if it’s not for you, fair enough.’ If they ask further questions he pulls up the posts and news articles about what happened on his phone to show them. The ads on Instagram, posted on Mother’s Day on March 27, read: ‘Burgers for dinner? With burgers this good, you’ll leave your kids at home. What’s the worst that could happen. Happy Mother’s Day to all the mums out there.’ They feature an image of missing Madeleine McCann, her mum Kate and a photoshopped picture of a man running away with a toddler. He said applicants either say: ‘That’s not for me,’ or ‘That’s a good laugh’. ‘When they work for us, if they’re upset by anything we say, they’re more than welcome to come tell us and then we just don’t do that sort of stuff anymore,’ Joe said. Joe said his current staff aren’t ‘fussed’ about the controversial posts – but groan ‘not again’ when he does it. ‘I think there’s only a couple of us with a dark sense of humour, the rest of them are sort of just really cool,’ he said. ‘They’re all nice people. ‘I think I’m the villain of the group but the rest of them are all pretty cool.’ Previous controversial posts include jokes about Yorkshire Ripper Peter Sutcliffe, Jimmy Savile and Fred West. Joe has recently out adverts for two new chefs – offering a £25,000 salary for full-time applicants and £18,750 if people decide to go part-time. He said he’s heard from ‘a lot of nice applicants’ but the controversy may put some people off. The burger van is located in the beer garden of The Otley Tap House in Boroughgate, in the town centre. Full-time contracts are 40 contracted hours per week and part-time are 30 hours per week. The advert states perks of the job include a free meal during a shift, 50% off food on the day of your shift and 20% off on other days. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.