Cristiano Ronaldo has thanked Liverpool supporters for their tribute at Anfield following the death of his baby son. The 37-year-old and his partner, Georgina Rodriguez, revealed in October that they were expecting twins but announced this week that their newborn son had died during childbirth, while their daughter survived. Ronaldo was granted compassionate leave and played no part in United’s 4-0 defeat to Liverpool at Anfield on Tuesday evening. But during the match, Liverpool fans held a minute’s applause as a tribute to Ronaldo and his partner, while both sets of players wore black armbands. In a post on Instagram, Ronaldo shared a video of the gesture and wrote: ‘One world… One sport… One global family… Thanks, Anfield. ‘Me and my family will never forget this moment of respect and compassion.’ Speaking about the tribute after the match, Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said: ‘My moment of the game was the seventh minute when the whole stadium showed pure class, so many things are much more important in life than football. ‘We feel for Cristiano and his family. That was my moment of the game.’ Ronaldo’s sister Elma also shared footage of the tribute on her Instagram account with the message: ‘Thank you for this Liverpool. We will never forget what you did today.’ Ronaldo’s other sister, Katia, also shared the clip of Liverpool fans applauding and wrote: ‘Way beyond football.’ In his statement announcing the death of his son on Monday evening, Ronaldo wrote: ‘It is with our deepest sadness that we have to announce that our baby boy has passed away. ‘It is the greatest pain that any parents can feel. Only the birth of our baby girl gives us the strength to live this moment with some hope and happiness. ‘We would like to thank the doctors and nurses for all their expert care and support. ‘We are all devastated at this loss and we kindly ask for privacy at this very difficult time. Our baby boy, you are our angel. We will always love you.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 