Lovers of the great British period drama are getting hot under the collar about the return of Bridgerton to our screens last week. And it’s not just the racy sex scenes and exquisite costumes that have made the Netflix show such a huge global hit – it’s the décor, too. It’s inspired ‘Newstalgia’ – an interiors’ trend more state-of-the-home than stately, blending old and new with modern convenience. And anyone can create the look to make their own abode feel achingly on trend – and uniquely theirs. If you live in a modern, featureless building, introduce vintage finds with glorious patinas and back stories to add layers of character. Own a period property, then go big on contemporary cool with some seriously bold colours, and even bolder prints. It’s all about sustainability and thoughtful purchases. Interior designer Sarah Fortescue (check out her website here) may have been a little ahead of the curve on this trend. Then again, she does own her own stately pile. The estate of Boconnoc in the heart of Cornwall dates back to the Domesday Book and has a sprawling 18th-century house and beautiful landscaped gardens. Sarah’s family have owned the property since 1771 and she is the latest generation of her family to run the estate. To ensure its survival the main house can be rented for film locations, weddings and private stays. And Sarah has had her work cut out adding relevant modern touches to the house, rental cottages and stable yard while retaining all the tradition and charm. The Stewardry – a seven bedroom Georgian house – is her most recent renovation and perhaps the most personal as it has been the private home to many generations of Fortescues. Sarah’s father grew up there. ‘The last time it was decorated was about 50 years ago by my grandmother, Anne,’ says Sarah. ‘She certainly had an eye for colour, and, like me, enjoyed a bold wallpaper, but it was ready for a new chapter by the time I got to it.’ First the roof was replaced and the chimneys needed rebuilding. Inside Sarah reconfigured the layout by enlarging doors and taking down a few internal walls to help the flow. Then she got to work doing what she does best – bringing the house back to life and filling the huge rooms with bold colour pattern. And the generous Georgian proportions proved to be the perfect backdrop for some of Sarah’s own botanical inspired wallpapers and fabrics. Like the offspring of many British well-heeled families, Sarah spent much of her childhood in South Africa, where she picked up a love of vibrant colour and patterns. ‘My work is a combination of modern culture, print and colour. When updating this house, it was important not to sit in the past, but to carry the past forward while giving it a new injection of life, vitality and a layer of comfort,’ she says. ‘I wanted to maintain the traditional thread while making the interiors feel fresh, new and completely unique to the house.’ The drawing room is the undisputed star of the house. The walls are decked in her breathtakingly bold emerald ‘Chinoiserie Grandiflora’ paper, inspired by the magnolias and camellias of Boconnoc’s gardens. A marble fireplace sits amongst the armchairs, curtains and lampshades which clash magnificently with the walls. The window seat, overlooking the adjacent woodlands, is covered with scatter cushions all mismatching perfectly. The edged jute rug adds another modern dimension to the room. ‘I love putting patterns and colours together to create energy in a room,’ Sarah says. In true Newstalagia style, the aesthetic of the house walks a fine line between traditional and modern. The walls of the adjoining Ante Room are glazed in coral pink and there is a gilded mirror above the fireplace. ‘It has its original cornicing and pilasters intact so this room lead to a more traditional design.’ Then we switch again, through the cosy cottage-core style sitting room with fireside chairs and a zebra print ottoman, to a thoroughly modern kitchen. All Sarah’s predecessors had staff so never would have entered this room.‘It was the saddest room in the house – dank and depressing. I wanted to transform it to a happy space as these days the kitchen really is the heart of any family home.’ State of the art and with modern units, it’s styled up with an antique wooden console table which doubles up as island. The walls are covered in playful tulip wallpaper by Ottoline de Vries. Sarah might live in a stately home, but she was still on a tight budget. ‘I picked up a lot of my beautiful fabrics on trips to South Africa where they are much more affordable. I also hit the mills up north for bargains. There’s a great mill in Carlisle where I found some Schumacher seconds for £7 a metre. ‘I designed all the headboards, lampshades, curtains, valances and cushions in the bedrooms and our incredibly talented in-house team of Cornish makers brought them to life.’ The padded leopard-print shutters in the pink walled bathroom were a fun addition. ‘I can never resist a leopard and picked this fabric up from Ralph Lauren. They add a sense of modern luxury to the bathroom. ‘The pink wallpaper is a take on the traditional print room black and white photos often used in larger period house with old school vignettes of 17th century women in their huge dresses – but with a modern twist as these ladies are quite racy! ‘This refurbishment is me adding my legacy to a house that has been in our family for generations. As one of its custodians, it’s an absolute pleasure to be able to play a role in its evolution.’ boconnoc.com; sarahfortescue.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What is the ‘coastal grandmother’ aesthetic – and how to achieve it MORE : How to redecorate any room in an hour, according to an interior designer MORE : Couple spend £5,000 transforming new build home – adding £25,000 to property value