Idris Elba, Joe Wicks, Mel B and Kylie Minogue are just a few of the famous faces taking part in an art exhibition to raise awareness for mental health and dismantle the stigma that continues to surround it. Each celebrity has posed for their black and white portrait with their eyes closed, to remind people to take a moment to look after their mental health. The exhibition will appear on central London’s Piccadilly Lights, with Landsec, which owns the Piccadilly Lights, donating the screen time in support of the campaign. The celebs will feature alongside thousands of portraits of members of the public as part of the finale of the public art exhibition Art of London Presents Take A Moment 2022 with Ray Burmiston. Also taking part in the photograph exhibition are James Corden, Ricky Gervais, Ant and Dec, Graham Norton, Alesha Dixon, David Walliams, Stephen Fry, Amanda Holden, Lennie James, Helena Bonham Carter, drag queen Bimini Bon Boulash, Russell Brand and Gary Barlow. Sports stars Ade Adepitan, Adam Peaty, Alex Scott and Anthony Joshua also feature. TV presenter and activist Katie Piper, who also stars in the exhibition, said: ‘I’m so happy to be included in this campaign that promotes taking time for ourselves in order to improve our mental health!’ Ray Burmiston, Take A Moment artist and photographer, added in a statement: ‘Seeing people from all over the globe interact with Art of London Presents Take A Moment 2022 has been incredible. ‘I’d like to say a huge thanks to everyone involved in making it happen and, of course, to everyone who’s sent in a picture, tagged us on social media or even popped in to see us – we couldn’t have done it without you.’ While Mark Williams, Director of Art of London, commented: ‘We’re touched to see thousands of people take a selfie as part of this mental health project and appear on the West End’s famous Piccadilly Lights. The project was launched by NHS doctor and TV presenter Ranj Singh, who said in a statement: ‘Our mental health is so important, you must look after it, and I’m touched to see the thousands of people across the world who took a photograph of themselves to feature in this powerful photography exhibition with me. I’d recommend everyone to keep taking a moment every day!’ Art of London Presents Take A Moment 2022 encourages the public to snap a selfie and share their own moment of reflection on Instagram in March. The exhibition culminates with a 10-minute video featuring hundreds of celebrity and public portraits, curated by Ray Burmiston, who participated in the campaign to raise awareness of mental health. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Idris Elba flanked by wife Sabrina and daughter Isan at Sonic The Hedgehog 2 premiere MORE : Britain’s Got Talent return date confirmed by Ant and Dec after show’s pandemic hiatus MORE : Ed Sheeran reveals Shape Of You lawsuit ‘cost mental health and stress’ after winning High Court copyright case 