More than five million people have fled Ukraine since the Russian invasion started, the UN refugee agency has said. More than half of the total, over 2.8 million, have initially fled to Poland. Although many have stayed there, an unknown number have traveled onward to other destinations. There are few border checks within the European Union. UNHCR said on March 30 that four million people had fled Ukraine. The number of people leaving has slowed in recent weeks following an initial rush at the outbreak of the war. In addition to those who have left the country, the UN says that more than seven million people have been displaced within Ukraine. Vast numbers of people have fled heavily bombarded cities in the east of the country and headed west to safer locations. Authorities in the Donbas region have urged people to leave their homes while they still can ahead of a renewed Russian assault on the area. Vadym Boychenko, the mayor of Mariupol has appealed to people who have already left the city to contact relatives who remain and urge them to evacuate. He said 200,000 people had already left the city, which had a pre-war population of more than 400,000. ‘Do not be frightened and evacuate to Zaporizhzhia, where you can receive all the help you need – food, medicine, essentials – and the main thing is that you will be in safety,’ he wrote in a statement issued by the city council. Mr Boychenko said buses would be made available for the evacuation stopping at three pickup points, including the Azovstal steel mill which has become Ukrainian forces’ last stronghold in the city. Previous evacuation efforts relied on civilians being able to leave in private cars after efforts to bring buses in from Ukraine-held territory into the city failed. Mariupol, Ukraine’s tenth-largest city, came under attack from Russian forces almost immediately after the invasion began in late February. The port city has strategic value as a link between territories in the south and east of Ukraine which are held by Russian forces or Russia-backed separatists. Ukraine had a pre-war population of 44 million people. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.