Tyson Fury and Francis Ngannou say they have agreed a ‘hybrid rules’ clash between the heavyweight champions of boxing and UFC. ‘The Gypsy King’ produced another show-stopping finish to successfully defend his WBC title against Dillian Whyte at Wembley Stadium on Saturday night, knocking out his rival with a stunning uppercut. Fury insisted throughout fight week that this would be his last fight and said in his post-fight interview he will now retire from professional boxing having made a promise to his wife Paris. But a lucrative crossover clash with Ngannou appears to be on the cards with the UFC champion joining Fury in the ring following his win over Whyte. The two both spoke to ESPN, confirming plans for their exhibition fight. ‘This is going to be one very special fight, unlike anything ever before seen in our sport,’ Fury said. ‘It is going to be explosive when it happens.’ ‘It is going to be a hybrid fight with different type of rules, MMA gloves in the [boxing ring],’ Ngannou added. ‘We are going to find out who the baddest mother*****f on the planet is.’ On when the bout could take place, Ngannou suggested a final date will be decided before the end of this year. ‘Definitely some time in 2023, that fight will happen. By the end of this year, we will get it sorted it and get it settled.’ In his post-fight press conference, Fury reiterated his desire to leave boxing but made it clear that he is open to exhibition fights like the proposed clash with Ngannou. ‘I’ve said what I’ve said and I’m happy with my decisions. I’m going to go home with my wife and kids,’ Fury said. ‘I’ve spent a lot of time on the road and I have been away a long time. I have fulfilled everything. I am going to retire as only the second heavyweight after Rocky Marciano to retire undefeated. I was unbeatable at this game. ‘I will not rule out exhibitions for sure, get some of that Floyd Mayweather money. I want to have fun, I am an entertainer so I want to have fun. Big Francis Ngannou was here today so he is on my hit list in an exhibition fight. ‘However he wants it, in the cage, in the boxing ring, UFC gloves, boxing gloves, we can make it happen. It will be a clash of the titans for sure.’ MORE : Tyson Fury confirms his retirement from boxing following thrilling victory over Dillian Whyte MORE : Tyson Fury sensationally knocks out Dillian Whyte to defend WBC heavyweight title at Wembley Stadium For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 