A woman was dragged out of her car and set upon in a ‘terrifying’ attack by two other women who accused her of sleeping with one of their exes. Holly Towell and Rochelle Black were spared immediate jail sentences today after they admitted assault causing actual bodily harm. During the attack, Towell, 25, told the victim: ‘You are going to admit that you s***ed him’. She then attacked her, pulling chunks of her hair out, kicking her in the mouth repeatedly, punching her in the face repeatedly, and stamping on the side of her face. Although Towell inflicted the majority of the violence, Black, 21, helped her by repeatedly throwing the victim’s phone to the ground and smashing it when she tried to call for help. They both stood in the dock together at Reading Crown Court today to be sentenced for the attack just after midnight on July 12, 2020. Prosecuting Honour Fitzgerald said the victim had been driving home when she saw Towell approach her car. She had known her for around eight years and had had previous problems regarding her and Towell’s ex-partner. Towell opened the car door while the engine was still running, and launched her assault. The prosecutor added: ‘A vehicle drove past which startled the females and so the victim managed to get back into her car and drive off. ‘Ms Towell called her ex-partner saying “your missus is getting beaten up right now”. ‘She had also posted on Facebook earlier that day, asking for anyone who knew the victim’s address.’ In a statement, the victim told the judge: ‘They all know where I live. I am afraid they will come back to my home where my two children live because I reported them to the police.’ Defending both, Anne-Marie Talbot said: ‘Ms Black was not the leader or the instigator of this offence. She was a backup – she was there to assist her friend. However she accepts that she also assaulted her. ‘Both Ms Towell and Ms Black deeply regret and are very sorry for their actions on that day.’ She said they had both been out and drunk ‘far too much’ after a ‘sustained period of lockdown’. As a result of the court case, Towell was suspended from her job with Mencap, a charity organisation working with people with learning disabilities. Ms Talbot said she is now working as a cleaner and is a single mother to her seven-year-old son, while also pregnant with her second child. Sentencing the two Mr Recorder Simon Dyer QC said: ‘This offence must have been terrifying for the victim. ‘”This was a sustained and targeted assault. You took your revenge on her. ‘It is not a mitigating factor that you got so drunk that you decided to be this violent. ‘Ms Towell – were it not for your caring responsibilities for now and in future, I wouldn’t hesitate to activate your sentence. Ms Black – terribly misplaced loyalty. This is a very serious matter.’ Towell, of Thatcham, was handed a 12-month sentence suspended for two years. She was also ordered to take part in 20 rehabilitation activity requirements and a curfew lasting six months. Black, of Newbury, was handed a six month sentence, suspended for two years. She was also ordered to take part in 20 rehabilitation activities, was ordered to undergo 100 hours of unpaid work and was ordered to pay £400 compensation for the phone. Both women were also handed a restraining order preventing any further contact with the victim, set to last until a further order. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.