Sabina Nessa’s family would have been treated better in the aftermath of her murder if they were ‘British’ and ‘white’, her sister has argued. Only days after Sabina’s killer and sexual predator Koci Selamaj was jailed for at least 36 years, her sister Jebina Islam claimed their family has not received any support from the government. She said senior politicians were ‘useless’ and went as far as accusing Priti Patel of using the primary school teacher’s name ‘for publicity reasons’. ‘They’ve not said nothing,’ Ms Islam told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme. ‘Priti Patel has done a tweet on Friday and I was not happy about it because all of a sudden she’s using my sister’s name for publicity reasons. And to be honest she has no right.’ Her comments come after the home secretary wrote on Twitter on Friday: ‘Sabina Nessa lost her life due to the harrowing and callous actions of a man who’s rightly now behind bars. ‘While I can’t possibly know how Sabina’s family and friends are feeling, I hope today’s sentence brings them a small comfort, knowing this evil monster has faced justice. ‘As home secretary, tackling violence against women and girls is central to my Beating Crime Plan and I am doing everything in my power to target perpetrators, protect the public and make our streets safer for everyone.’ Ms Islam also claimed newspapers treated her sister’s murder ‘differently’ from the rape, kidnap and murder of Sarah Everard by serving Metropolitan Police officer Wayne Couzens. ‘My sister didn’t get as much headlines, I feel, at the start,’ she said. ‘Maybe was it down to her ethnicity? ‘She didn’t get the front pages on some of the papers, and in Sarah Everard’s case she did. I think it’s just down to our ethnicity, to be honest. ‘And I feel like if we were a normal British white family we would have been treated equally, I guess.’ Following the sentencing of garage worker Selamaj, Metro.co.uk reported on a University of Greenwich student-led group called the Sabina Project, who had gathered outside the Old Bailey with placards. Like Ms Islam, senior law lecturer Ruth Tweedale, claimed Sabina’s case never received the public outrage and attention that Sarah’s did. Members of Sabina’s family gathered at court on Thursday and Friday to witness the sentencing of Selamaj, who bludgeoned Sabina over the head 34 times with a 2ft-long metal traffic cone. The court heard he then dragged her unconscious body into the undergrowth and strangled her in Kidbrooke, south-east London. Even though he pleaded guilty to Sabina’s murder in February, the Albanian national refused to attend court on both days and face her loved ones before going to prison. Asked about Selamaj not attending his sentencing, Ms Islam said: ‘I was frustrated. We were like, “He is such a coward, not facing up to what he has done.” ‘It made me angry because I wanted him to hear our impact statement to show how much hurt he’s caused my family.’ She insisted convicts should not have the freedom to say they do not want to attend court. Metro.co.uk has reached out to the home secretary for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.