Your bathroom can be a sanctuary. The place where you get clean, pamper yourself, relax after a hard day, or simply take a bit of time for yourself away from the rest of the family or your housemates. If your bathroom is looking a bit tired or grotty, it can be hard to create the spa-like zen you’re looking for – but updating your bathroom doesn’t have to be a huge job. Getting a new bathroom – including the plumbing, the tiles and all the fixtures – can feel daunting, but there are ways to use DIY and clever hacks to keep costs down. We spoke to some people who have done just that and got their top tips for transforming your bathroom into a beautiful, calming space, without breaking the bank. Starting with my own bathroom renovation: Journalist, east London The bathroom was one of the biggest jobs to do in the renovation of our ground-floor garden flat. We had to start from scratch, literally ripping out everything until the bare brick walls were exposed. The most expensive thing was fixing the plumbing, which meant changing the angle of some of the pipes so that they were less likely to get blocked in future – so hopefully that will have saved us some money and some stress in the future. The bathroom is small with just enough space for a combined bath and shower, a small vanity unit with a basin, and the loo. We created some extra storage space by installing hooks on the walls to hang towels, and putting up some shelves for our toiletries. We opted for monochrome tiles in a bold art-deco print, which I absolutely adore, and I had my heart set on Farrow & Ball’s Dutch Orange for the walls and ceiling because I wanted the room to feel bright, warm and Mediterranean. I also love the black grid shower screen and the giant shower head, which feels really modern and sleek. Home staging consultant, Kent ‘The original bathroom was extremely dirty and dated in green. I used fresh white and light grey to brighten up the space, with vibrant accents of berry hues, as there is no natural light coming into the room. Lisa saved money by not boxing in the pipework as the plumber told her that would be an extra cost. ‘He suggested for me to spray the pipes the same colour as the tiles,’ she says. ‘I used a concrete effect spray to match the grey tiles to make them look hidden.’ Lisa explains that large format tiles work out more cost effective in the way there are less cuts. ‘They also cover more surface area of course,’ she adds. ‘The original walls were bad quality so I tiled instead of plastering them. I also carried on tiling the floor instead of using cheap lino. ‘The continuation of same tiles, pattern and colour can make the space look bigger. It originally had dirty carpet so this was ripped out ready for the tiles.’ Plumbing is one of the costly parts of a bathroom, so Lisa used the same footprint and plumbing system. ‘This stops lengthy costs of re-routing plumbing which adds onto material costs and extra day rates for a plumber,’ she says. ‘There was no shower in place when I started but the crude plumbing was in place so fortunately no extra work was required there.’ Lisa used an L shaped bath to integrate both bathing and showering without the need to find space for two separate appliances. Pr Agency founder, London ‘The bathroom is small and we will demolish it when we build an extension so the idea was to make it look “wow” but on a budget,’ Nick explains. When it came to the décor, Nick didn’t shy away from bold choices. ‘We loved the idea of a Hollywood feel, so we got paint 12 from Lick – which is a deep pink. ‘I love the wallpaper in the Beverly Hills Hotel but at over £300 per roll we instead opted for a roll from I Love Wallpaper which cost £24 per roll.’ Nick says the floor was created from shower wall tile squares. ‘We decided to use them as our floor with grout sprinkled with gold glitter to give the floor a real shine,’ he says. ‘The mirror, and ceiling light were in the sale on Made.com and the loo roll holder was from Made.com too – what’s great is that it has a shelf so it’s perfect to put a diffuser in there for limited space. ‘The whole room cost around £200 but the feeling if of fun, wow and a little slice of Hollywood Glamour.’ The Style Pad ‘The bathroom was originally a bedroom, so my husband and I took it back to the bare bones and renovated the whole room by ourselves,’ says Louise. The pair added salvaged panelling that had been ripped from an old school hall that was due for demolition. And that wasn’t their only savvy find. ‘The sink vanity was a chest of drawers that I picked up for free and repurposed,’ she says. ‘The mirror is a £5 Facebook Marketplace find which I DIYed, and the plant stand was an auction house bargain which I upcycled too.’ Louise’s advice to anyone starting a bathroom makeover is to challenge yourself to think outside of the box. ‘For example, do I need to search for new vanity units or could I repurpose something with more character?’ she asks. ‘And do I need an actual toothbrush holder or would something else work just as well, but be cuter and cheaper? My go-to is to find second-hand bargains or DIY something I have as it’s more fun and saves me lots of cash.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum saves hundreds creating kitchen island for £33 from old baby changing unit MORE : How to use a drill (without being terrified) MORE : Mum turns ‘dated’ house into dream design in just three months while pregnant