Ready for a relationship shake-up? The next Full Moon is on April 16. Full Moons present more opportunity for reflection than action – they bring an insightful, illuminating, contemplative energy to our world and make us pause to think about things we haven’t yet fully clarified or expressed. They bring stuff to the surface. This Full Moon occurs in the Sun sign of Aries and therefore sits with the opposing Moon sign of Libra. These two signs are extremely different, on the surface: passionate, self centred and raw Aries vs analytical, diplomatic and charming Libra. Yet both place their relationships with others at the heart of their world – Aries perhaps demanding more than they give, and Libra vice versa. This Full Moon might find you asking yourself ‘am I more of a giver or a taker?’ and perhaps wondering whether you’re striking the right balance in your closest relationships. Balance is a conscious act, it happens by design and adjustment, not by itself. So, think this through and make a plan of action to correct anything you think is off kilter. Ready to discover what relationship adjustments you might need to make? Let the tarot give you a clue. Ahead you’ll find a tarot reading for all the star signs, with one tarot card pulled and the meaning broken down for this key lunar event. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for the Full Moon in Libra: Knight of Swords Meaning: Oh crikey, the Knight of Swords takes no prisoners and is a demanding, sometimes aggressive, controlling and dominant force. Is this you? Maybe it is, Aries, and maybe you don’t realise just how much steam rollering you’ve been doing over others, keen to live a quieter life. Examine where you feel you have a strong upper hand and look at the behaviours you display in that relationship. Are they fair? Would you like the shoe to be on the other foot? Be honest. Perhaps you should tone it down so they can come out of their shell more. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for the Full Moon in Libra: The Sun Meaning: Keep doing whatever it is that you’re doing right now, Taurus! The Sun is the tarot’s most positive card so you’re obviously playing the relationship game the right way. Don’t just rest on your laurels or take it for granted. Find out what you’re doing that’s working and make a mental note. Be conscious and aware of your good habits in love and friendship, and maintain them well. You are ruled by Venus which makes you a great partner and friend. More of the same, please. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for the Full Moon in Libra: The Moon Meaning: There is mystery and illusion in your relationship world and things aren’t entirely as they seem on the surface. You feel this with your intuition, rather than know it as a fact. Tune in this Full Moon. Look at what’s left unsaid or seems hidden from view. Ask deeper and more probing questions. Go FBI on them. There is important knowledge being withheld from you, and you need to know in order to address whatever it is before it affects your bond. Seek the truth this Full Moon. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for the Full Moon in Libra: Three of Coins Meaning: You have a secret admirer, or someone close who hasn’t revealed the full extent of their feelings for fear of rejection. It’s imbalanced because it’s heading into the friend zone, or an unrequited love story. Is this what you want? If it is then maintain your friendly-but-not-too-friendly approach, but if you feel you do want to explore this, then return the smile and the warmth. The Three of Coins shows this other person could be an Earth sign – Capricorn, Taurus or Virgo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for the Full Moon in Libra: The Wheel of Fortune Meaning: The Wheel of Fortune is a card of transformation and change, you’re going through quite a bit right now and it’s affecting many of your relationships, some for the better and some for the worse. When you’re immersed in major life changes it’s easy to get a little self-absorbed and to imagine you’re the only one going through it, trust me – you’re not. Take a time out this Full Moon to check in on those you love and like and show concern or affection. A small act of kindness will mean a lot and keep things positive even when you’re immersed in your own doings. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for the Full Moon in Libra: Knight of Wands Meaning: You are a perfectionist and that idealism and weight of expectation can extend to your relationships too, and it gets in the way sometimes. The Knight of Wands asks you to let go, allow things to settle into a natural flow and see things as they are (vs how you wish they would be). Can you accept your close circle, warts and all, as they are? If not, then maybe you should part ways. You can’t force people to be something other than themselves. It’s not your problem, you don’t bear ownership for their flaws or mistakes. Relax. Let them be them. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for the Full Moon in Libra: Page of Cups Meaning: There is a relationship dynamic theory about how we can all (all too easily) fall into a parent/child behavior with others: Where one person takes the responsibility, works hard to keep things positive, and usually organises/controls the practical side of things, while the other does as they please and doesn’t seem to expend any effort on the relationship. The Page of Cups hints that one of your bonds has gotten to be like this. I don’t know whether you’re the ‘parent’ or the ‘child’ but recognise the dynamic and seek to stop playing into it. This isn’t sustainable (or fun). Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for the Full Moon in Libra: Five of Wands Meaning: The Five of Wands shows there’s a conflict in your close relationship and you’ve been butting heads, not getting on, and arguing about something. You’ve felt very worried about this energy and where it’s all heading. Resolve to move things on a step this Full Moon with a full and frank discussion, where you set an example by being calm and compassionate. Listen more than you talk. Seek to draw out their anxiety or anger. Don’t think you have to solve everything, but just get the issues aired. This will help and things will start to settle. Adjustments may be needed. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for the Full Moon in Libra: The Hermit Meaning: You’re an incredibly outgoing and social sign, so when you’re not being all bubbly and bright, others notice it all the more. And you’ve been a bit withdrawn recently, a bit private and into your own world. The Hermit shows it’s worrying those close to you, and they’re perhaps reading more into it than there is. Seek to reassure them that you’re just recalibrating, renewing, reviewing things. It’s not them, it’s you, and not in a bad way. This is a necessary time out to let your emotions catch up with all that has gone on these last couple of years. It’s been a lot, right? You take your time. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for the Full Moon in Libra: The Fool Meaning: Renewal and new energy are needed in your closest relationship. Both of you are ready to have a new adventure together and broaden your horizons. The Fool brings a total transformation, which you can undergo together, aligned, and excited about exploring a new scene or activity with each other as partners, not just lovers or friends. It’s important to do things as a duo, as a joint venture, and to keep bringing in new ideas and opportunities. Make this Full Moon a time to attract and activate fresh ideas. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for the Full Moon in Libra: Meaning: You’ve felt like things have stalled or stagnated with someone close to you and you’re feeling frustrated about the lack of progression. You had this all mapped out and it just hasn’t lifted off like you hoped. The Hanged Man reveals this pause is necessary. Use it to examine your expectations, to talk to your friend/lover/colleague, and to find out what they think or expect. You might find you’re not on the same page and you need a truthful conversation to establish why not. Make this a priority this Full Moon. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for the Full Moon in Libra: King of Wands Meaning: Don’t let them tell you how it is, or what to do, or how things should go ahead. Speak up. Be brave. Express your opinion and share your feelings. Act in the moment vs overthinking it all or suppressing your emotions for fear of upsetting them. The King of Wands brings a shot of courage and resolution to your relationship landscape. It’s time to stick up for yourself with someone who, albeit well-meaning and affectionate towards you, can be overbearing and bossy. Show them you mean business! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Which star signs clash the most? These are the ones you should avoid MORE : How to do a love tarot and read your own relationship fortune MORE : What each star sign needs most in a relationship