A bride-to-be has been arrested after she allegedly blindfolded her fiancé using a scarf before slitting his throat. As a way out of a looming arranged marriage, Viyyapu Pushpa, 22, led groom-to-be Addepallu Ram Naidu, 28, to a temple in Andhra Pradesh, India, telling him she had a ‘surprise gift’. There, away from the eyes of the public, she attacked him with a knife, leaving him to die, it has been reported. Miraculously, Mr Naidu survived after locals found him with blood gushing out from his neck. He was rushed to the hospital where he got 30 stitches. Doctors said there were no deep cuts and the reason for so much blood was because his fiancée had sliced superficial veins. According to local media, the pair were due to marry on May 29 as agreed on by their families. Pushpa told police she resorted to the extreme violence because she could not see another way out of the arrangement. ‘According to her statement, she just didn’t want to get married to this guy or anyone else,’ Sunil Kumar, the deputy superintendent of police in Andhra Pradesh, told VICE World News. He added that while Pushpa did not have any pressure on her to get married to Mr Naidu, she was afraid to tell anyone about getting cold feet. Following the incident on April 18, she has been charged with attempted murder and is currently in custody. She confessed to the crime and if convicted, she faces a 10-year prison sentence. In an interview with a local TV channel, Mr Naidu, who remains in hospital, said their parents arranged the nearly life-ending match last year. Recalling the horrific attack at the temple, he said Pushpa confessed she did not want to marry him after slicing his throat. Arranged marriage is common in the Asian diaspora – but there is a growing trend for some women to reject the tradition, which dates back centuries. In a 2018 survey of more than 160,000 households, 93% of married Indians said that theirs was through an arrangement, the BBC said. Unsurprisingly, the wedding has been called off and both Mr Naidu and Pushpa’s parents are blaming the other party. ‘Her parents say she is innocent, while the man’s parents are demanding justice,’ said Kumar. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.