Jurgen Klopp has singled out Benfica frontman Darwin Nunez – who is wanted by both Manchester United and Arsenal – for praise and says Liverpool will need to find a way to stop the Uruguayan from influencing Tuesday’s game. The Merseysiders fly to Lisbon later today ahead of their Champions League clash with the Portuguese giants, with Nunez – who is the top scorer in the Primeira Liga with 21 goals in 19 starts – the stand-out threat for the hosts. His form has alerted the likes of United, Arsenal and even Barcelona, with a €60million (£50.3m) summer move expected, and Klopp has been very impressed with the in-demand 22-year-old forward. Asked how crucial it will be to stop Nunez in the first leg of the quarter-final clash, Klopp said: ‘He’s not the only one. They have a really good team, I have to say! A really good team with a good way of playing. ‘But yes, he is [their danger man], he’s a good striker. The next one from Uruguay! I don’t know how they’re going to play together: Edinson Cavani, Luis Suarez and him in one team. ‘That’s probably a challenge as well, to put that in place. ‘But he’s a top boy. And yes the goals he scored, obviously the one against Ajax in Amsterdam that was a massive one, big one. Yes in the group stages [against Barcelona] as well. ‘So he’s not shy. He did not start the last game, he came on at half-time because of coming back from international duties. ‘So we expect him to start tomorrow and we have to make sure he will not get a lot of balls. ‘But there are other players, Rafa is “wow” with the ball – really quick! And the others, I know Julian Weigl obviously, Joao Mario we all know. ‘There’s a lot of quality in this team and experience as well with Jan Vertonghen and Nicolas Otamendi. ‘It’s an interesting team, but it’s the quarter-finals of the Champions League! Who cares? That’s how it should be! And I’m really happy and really looking forward to it.’ MORE : Man Utd will move for Arsenal target Darwin Nunez if they secure Champions League football MORE : Luis Suarez reveals he told Barcelona’s board to sign Benfica striker Darwin Nunez For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 