Female MPs endure a culture of ‘rank misogyny’, Keir Starmer has said after his deputy Angela Rayner was accused of ‘uncrossing her legs’ to distract Boris Johnson. The Labour leader said the ‘culture of the whole place’ has to change after the comments from the anonymous Conservative MP were reported at the weekend. The Prime Minister wrote to Ms Rayner on Sunday to distance himself from the MP who claimed ‘she knows she can’t compete with Boris’s Oxford Union debating training, but she has other skills which he lacks’. But making his first appearance on ITV’s This Morning Mr Starmer said ‘going after one or two MPs is not enough’. ‘We need to change the culture because politicians like Angela are absolutely entitled to make their political arguments like everyone else.’ Culture minister Chris Philp said the remarks amounted to ‘abuse’ and said his party would try to identify the MP who made them. ‘If anyone is identified as having those views like those which are outrageous and misogynistic, I would expect serious consequences to follow,’ he told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme.  ‘I think we all need to keep the tone of discourse in public life kind of civil and respectful and focus on the issues that our constituents expect, not engage in what essentially is abuse.’ Ms Rayner has stood in for Mr Starmer at PM’s Questions in the Commons several times and won plaudits for her performance. But the anonymous MP compared her to Sharon Stone whose character exposed herself while uncrossing her legs in the 1992 film Basic Instinct. Ms Rayner lashed out at the comments accusing the PM’s supporters ‘spreading to his desperate, perverted smears in their doomed attempts to save his skin’. And she accused the PM personally of ‘dragging the Conservative Party into the sewer’.  ‘He and his cheerleaders clearly have a big problem with women in public life. I won’t be letting their vile lies deter me.’ But she thanked the PM after he stepped in with a tweet saying ‘I respect her as a parliamentarian and deplore the misogyny directed at her anonymously today.’ Shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves said the remarks would deter women from standing for election, and the former Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale said they were typical of what female politicians have to endure. ‘If this story, this outrageous slur on Angela gets change, that would be a good thing,’ she told BBC Breakfast ‘She doesn’t need to use her sex to win an argument or put the prime minister off, or whatever was suggested in that article. ‘She does it by the strength of her argument, and to suggest otherwise is just disgusting and it doesn’t do justice to the brilliant women we have in parliament from all sides.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.