Tommy Robinson was restrained by officers during a heated confrontation at Manchester Airport following his apparent deportation from Mexico on Sunday. Footage shows stunned passengers looking on as an officer pushes the far-right activist against a wall in the baggage claim area before pulling out a pair of handcuffs as Robinson shouts: ‘What have I done?’ In another clip, which appears to have been filmed shortly afterwards, a second officer has approached the 39-year-old, who continues to shout at the first officer. He is heard yelling ‘what are you on about?’ and repeatedly calls on another individual to ‘be my witness’ before he is dragged through a door into a staff-only area. In a third clip, Robinson asks why he had been detained, to which the officer says: ‘Because I was convinced you had breached security – that’s why.’ Robinson accuses him of assault, to which he replies: ‘I’ve not assaulted you. I’ve acted within the law because I believed at the time that you committed a crime.’ The English Defence League (EDL) founder brands him ‘the most aggressive police officer I’ve ever witnessed’ before telling him he does not accept his apology and walking away. Robinson, whose real name is Stephen Yaxley-Lennon, claimed on Saturday that he had been detained in Mexico and was ‘being deported as a matter of national security’. He was attempting to visit the country on holiday with his children, despite having declared bankruptcy after being ordered to pay £100,000 in damages to a Syrian teenager whom he falsely accused of ‘violently attacking young English girls in his school’. Robinson was said to be facing jail for possible contempt of court for failing to turn up to a high court hearing where he was to be questioned about his finances last week. He denied having been arrested in social media posts on Sunday and there is no indication he has been charged with any criminal offence in the UK. After sharing footage of the airport altercation he begged his followers to send him money, posting a broken link which redirected users to a non-existent page on his website. In a later post he appeared to be sat elsewhere in the airport while talking to the camera. Robinson accused the police of trying and failing to ‘bait me into a reaction so they could arrest me’. He claimed one officer ‘grabbed me by the throad, ripped my t-shirt, then dragged me out the back and did the same when they realised too many witnesses were there’. Manchester Airport declined to comment, while Greater Manchester Police did not imediately respond to a request for comment. Robinson previously posted clips in which he claimed Mexican police had refused to tell him why he was being detained, telling the camera: ‘I’ve never broken a law here. All I do at home is talk about Islam. ‘I’ve never caused a problem, landed for what is clearly a family holiday, and I’ve been arrested, detained and separated from my kids.’ In another clip, he complains it is hard for him to live in England because he can’t open a bank account or rent a house. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.