Drone footage shows how a Ukrainian tank reportedly destroyed a Russian vehicle with a single shot fired through a burnt-out building. The video shows the tank stationed two blocks away from the target, along a straight road blocked by a building already partially demolished. It was released by the National Guard of Ukraine yesterday, who said it was taken in the Donbas in the east of the country. They did not give an exact location, but it thought to have been taken in the town of Rubizhne. In a statement, the National Guard said: ‘The city in the Luhansk region was destroyed by constant airstrikes and enemy artillery shelling. ‘Our soldiers burn enemy equipment with unrealistic efforts. It looks epic. Victory will be ours. ‘Thank you to the Rapid Response Brigade of the National Guard of Ukraine. Let our forces be your forces!’ The target hit was said to be a Russian armoured personnel carrier, a vehicle which looks like a tank but is designed to move soldiers around and protect them. In the video, a small cloud of dust can be seen being dislodged from the derelict building as the shell fired by the Ukrainian military vehicle passes through it before hitting the Russian vehicle. The video was supplied to Newsflash news agency, and has not been independently verified. Last night, Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky told his country that Putin had begun an offensive to try and take the Donbas. He said a ‘significant part of the entire Russian army is now concentrated on this offensive’. He added: ‘No matter how many Russian troops are driven there, we will fight. We will defend ourselves. We will do it every day.’ Russian troops are concentrating on annexing the eastern region after failing to break through around Kyiv. The city of Luhansk is the capital of the Luhanks Oblast region, in eastern Ukraine. The Luhansk People’s Republic is a self-proclaimed breakaway state within Ukraine that is located in Luhansk Oblast, in the Donbas region. Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24 after recognising the Donetsk and Luhansk areas as ‘people’s republics’. Ukrainian media reported that the Russian military vehicle seen in the footage was a ‘BMP’, which is understood to stand for ‘Boyevaya Mashina Pekhoty’, which is Russian for ‘infantry fighting vehicle’. The BMP-1 is an armoured personnel carrier first developed by the Soviet Union in the 1970s. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.