The Grammys welcomed a very special guest with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky making a surprise appearance. Following an introduction from host Trevor Noah, President Zelensky appeared via video link to address the ongoing devastation in his country following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine which began in February. In a heartbreaking address, the leader said: ‘What’s more opposite to music? The silence of ruined cities and killed people. ‘Our children draw swooping rockets, not shooting stars. Over 400 children have been injured and 153 children died. And we’ll never see them drawing. Our parents are happy to wake up in the morning in bomb shelters but alive. ‘Our loved ones don’t know if we will be together again. The war doesn’t let us choose who survives and who stays in eternal silence.’ He continued: ‘Our musicians wear body armour instead of tuxedos. They sing to the wounded. In hospitals. Even to those who can’t hear them but the music will break through anyway. ‘We defend our freedom to live, to love, to sound. ‘On our land we are fighting Russia, which brings horrible silence with its bombs. The dead silence. ‘Fill the silence with your music. Fill it today. To tell our story.’ Multi-Grammy winner John Legend then delivered a stunning and emotional performance of his new single Free, which he released on Sunday. He was joined by Ukrainian musician Siuzanna Iglidan, Ukrainian singer Mika Newton, and Ukrainian poet Lyuba Yakimchuk for the ballad. The Grammy Awards 2022 also features performances from BTS, Billie Eilish, Lady Gaga, Justin Bieber and Lil Nas X, and is being broadcast live from the MGM Grand Garden Arena on CBS in the US. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Grammys 2022: Foo Fighters sweep rock categories winning three awards after drummer Taylor Hawkins’ death MORE : Grammys 2022: BTS’ V flirts with Olivia Rodrigo while J-Hope recovers from slip during sizzling performance 