Rob Kardashian has testified in court about the alleged incident which led to his split from Blac Chyna, in which she is claimed to have put a gun to his head and repeatedly hit him with a metal rod. Chyna, 33, is suing Kardashian’s mother Kris Jenner and sisters Kim and Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner for allegedly spreading false rumours that she assaulted him in order to ruin her reality TV career and have her show, Rob & Chyna, cancelled. Kardashian, 35, told the court that he feared for his life on the occasion in 2016, alleging that Chyna put a gun to his head, strangled him with a phone charging cable and repeatedly hit him with a metal rod while drunk and high. He testified: ‘She strangled me, she put a gun to my head twice, she was on cocaine and alcohol.’ Kardashian is said to have got emotional and raised his voice as Chyna’s attorney Lynne Ciani questioned the attack and severity of it and why photos and videos from the following days did not show any marks on him, asking him: ‘Did you have as much as a Band-Aid on you?’ He responded: ‘I just told you it didn’t leave a mark on my face! And the gun to my head two different times during the night didn’t leave a mark to my temple!’ Chyna had earlier testified that she was never violent towards Kardashian, claiming that the pair had been celebrating Rob & Chyna getting a second season on December 14, 2016, but the all-night celebration turned into a bitter row by the morning, claiming Kardashian took her phone and locked himself in a closet to search for evidence she had been speaking to other men. She testified that earlier in the evening, she had wrapped a phone-charging cord around Mr Kardashian’s neck playfully because he was ignoring her, and picked up an unloaded gun he kept around from a nightstand as a joke. Kardashian and Chyna had begun dating in January 2016, got engaged in April, announced they were expecting a child in May, premiered their show in September and had their daughter Dream in November. The pair split in December after the incident and their subsequent break-up led to the cancellation of their reality show. Kardashian told the court the relationship happened at the ‘weakest, worst point’ in his life and had been ‘toxic’ from the start, with Chyna beating him at least five times during the year they were together. He added: ‘Strangling someone, beating someone, that’s not a family. That’s not love to me.’ Corey Gamble, boyfriend of Kardashian’s mother, had earlier testified that he had witnessed Chyna’s alleged attack on Kardashian. He told the court that he saw Chyna punch Kardashian and whip him with a phone-charging cord, adding: ‘I said that she attacked him. What I saw is what I saw.’ Gamble says he rushed to the couple’s house after Jenner received a distressed early morning call from Kardashian, and claims Chyna was holding a metal rod when he arrived, which she then threw down, before rushing towards Kardashian, whipping the phone cord at him then punching him. He added: ‘By the time she got to him, she started hitting him. I was able to get in the middle of them two. I even got hit two or three times.’ Gamble claimed Chyna thew a chair at Kardashian’s car as he was leaving, then attempted to pick up a table before Gamble stopped her. Ciani questioned why, in a declaration submitted to the case two years earlier, Gamble had mentioned Chyna hitting Kardashian with her fists but failed to mention ‘the metal rod, the cord or the table’. The trial continues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian leaks unedited photo of Stormi at Disneyland that was Photoshopped as True MORE : Kim Kardashian reacts to claims she Photoshopped boyfriend Pete Davidson: ‘I guess his jawline is snatched’ 