Manchester United players have sent messages of support to Cristiano Ronaldo, with Marcus Rashford saying he is ‘so sorry’ after his teammate announced the death of his baby boy. Ronaldo and partner Georgina Rodriguez said they had suffered the ‘greatest pain that any parents can feel’ after the heartbreaking loss. The Portugal legend, 37, and Rodriguez, 28, announced in October they were expecting twins. Their baby girl survived and the couple said her birth has ‘given us the strength to live this moment with some hope and happiness’. In a statement on social media, they said: ‘It is with our deepest sadness we have to announce that our baby boy has passed away. ‘Our baby boy, you are our angel. We will always love you.’ Ronaldo has a son who was born in 2010 called Cristiano Jr and twins named Eva and Mateo who were born in 2017. He also has a daughter with Rodriguez – Alana Martina, who was born in 2017. The football community has attempted to rally around Ronaldo and this difficult time, with several United players sending messages of support to their teammate. England international Rashford said: ‘Thoughts are with you and Georgina brother. I’m so sorry.’ De Gea responded to Ronaldo’s heartbreaking announcement with a heart emoji, while former England striker Gary Lineker tweeted: ‘Terribly sad news. Sincere condolences to you and your family.’ Manchester United also released a short statement saying: ‘Your pain is our pain,Cristiano. Sending love and strength to you and the family at this time.’ Local rivals Manchester City replied: ‘Everyone at Manchester City sends our deepest condolences to you and Georgina.’ United defenders Diogo Dalot and Alex Telles showed their support to Ronaldo with heart emojis, while his former club Real Madrid added: ‘We are deeply saddened. Real Madrid shares in the family’s pain and wishes to send them all of our warmth.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 