When Olivia* was locked up for a non-violent offence in 2018, she was totally unprepared for prison. Describing the experience, she says it was ‘lonely, terrifying and humiliating’. Neither Olivia’s barrister nor the prosecution had suggested that she would be going to prison so when she was sent down she was understandably shocked and frightened. Especially as she was seven weeks pregnant with her first child. ‘I went in with no idea about what was going to happen, no-one told me anything,’ recalls Olivia, who is now in her thirties. ‘I was given a pot to pee in [for a pregnancy test], like everyone else. They said – “you’re aware you’re pregnant”, I said “yes”, and that was it. I didn’t see any kind of midwife for at least three weeks.’ According to Dr Lucy Baldwin, senior lecturer in criminology at De Montfort University, no pregnant woman should be in prison. ‘Unless it’s a very serious, violent offence, then there’s absolutely no justification for sending pregnant women to prison,’ she insists. ‘There are always better alternatives.’ Research from the charity Level Up, shows that 63% of women in prison are survivors of domestic abuse, while the Prison Reform Trusts reports that nearly three quarters of women who entered prison under sentence in 2020 had committed a non-violent offence. ‘More than half of the women in prison have been victims of childhood abuse or adult abuse, or more often than not, both, explains Dr Baldwin, who has worked in criminal justice for 35 years and spent a career looking into the impact of imprisonment on mothers and their children. ‘There are multiple complexities that follow women into prison. Many are traumatised and often in absence of support networks, they resort to substance misuse to cope, which can then lead to a vicious cycle of trauma, substance abuse and offending that without support is very difficult to escape from. ‘Often, all prison does is exacerbate that cycle,’ she goes on. ‘Because very often, women who were already in complex and challenging circumstances go to prison, and they might lose their children, their employment, their homes, they might lose everything that was their only foothold into stability. So when they come out, even after a very short sentence, women are very often in a worse position than they were when they went in. Fundamentally, Dr Baldwin says, prison can never be a safe space for pregnant women because they’re locked up. ‘They don’t always have 24 hour access to midwifery care, there will always be a delay [if they need help]. The people looking after them are not trained in midwifery. Unborn babies have a right to be safe; they have a right to access appropriate care in a timely fashion.’ Every year, around 600 pregnant women are held in prisons in England and Wales. The experience can be scary and detrimental to both the mother’s and baby’s wellbeing. Recalling her own ordeal, Olivia says, ‘I was very, very worried that the stress was going to cause a miscarriage. It was intense. I couldn’t eat. The atmosphere was tense and all I could think was that my body wouldn’t be able to cope with it.’ Stuck in a cell with a stranger, and not permitted to close the door, Olivia had to deal with the indignity of morning sickness in the shared toilet. Then she had a bleed. ‘The nurse wanted to examine me, with the door open, with male guards and everyone else walking across the way,’ she remembers. ‘You’re laying there with your legs apart. You don’t want everyone staring in. I felt very vulnerable.’ After an examination, the nurse declared that the baby was fine, but Olivia wasn’t convinced. She adds: ‘I was really frightened. I had to wait about a week until I saw my midwife, who only came in once a week.’ A few weeks later, a piece of paper was slipped under Olivia’s cell door, stating the date and time of her first scan. There was no other information. She called her husband and told him to meet her at the hospital. ‘On the day of the scan, they handcuffed me to a guard – it felt like they were parading me through the hospital,’ says Olivia. ‘People were looking at me. It was awful. I felt like a serial killer.’ Towards the end of the scan, she was suddenly told it was time to return to prison, before the appointment was over – there wasn’t enough time to get any requisite blood tests done. It also emerged that her husband wasn’t permitted to attend, sp when he showed up at the hospital, security and more prison guards were called. ‘It was as if he was trying to break me out’, Olivia recalls. When she was given a date for a second scan, Olivia refused. She didn’t want to endure such a dismal experience again and instead made the decision to wait until she was released, four weeks later. ‘It awful. I was treated like I wasn’t a human,’ she says. ‘I cried at that scan because I was so relieved to see that she was healthy and there was a heartbeat, but I was also devastated that I didn’t have my family with me. ‘I really think that, unless it is necessary for the safety of society, pregnant women should not be sent to prison.’ In 2020, a baby died at HMP Styal in Cheshire after a 30-year-old woman went into labour in a prison toilet. She gave birth to a still-born baby girl, without any specialist medical assistance or pain relief, an investigation by the Prisons and Probation Ombudsman found in January. The woman, who was in prison for the first time, suffered a ‘terrifying, painful and traumatic experience’. The previous year, a baby died after her 18-year-old mother gave birth alone in her cell at HMP Bronzefield in Surrey. The Ministry of Justice says it has improved conditions for pregnant women after changes implemented in July 2019. All women are now provided with free phone access to local NHS Pregnancy advice services and those in their third trimester now receive additional welfare observations. However, campaigners say more needs to be done. Last month, a protest was held in London  coordinated by feminist campaign group Level Up and No Births Behind Bars. Both are a group of mothers who have been so shocked by the recent stillbirths in women’s prisons that they’ve started a solidarity group of mothers with young babies who are demanding an end to the imprisonment of pregnant women. ‘Prison will never be a safe place to be pregnant, so we are demanding an end to the imprisonment of pregnant women and new mothers,’ explains Janey Starling, co-director of Level Up, whose petition surrounding the issue has received over 10,000 signatures. ‘Thousands of people support this call, including midwives, mothers, psychologists, academics, and former prison staff. ‘There is absolutely no value to society in sending pregnant women and their babies to prison – and it causes them immense harm. In the last two years, two babies have died in prison when their mothers went into labour in their cells. Surely anyone can agree this is barbaric. Even if the worst doesn’t happen, prison causes toxic stress and trauma to a baby’s early development. ‘The government needs to divert its funding into prisons and actually start addressing the systemic factors like poverty and trauma that drive women into the prison system. Every child deserves the best start in life, and every mother swept up into crime needs support.’ The alternative is a cycle of trauma and offending that can carry through generations. Children of imprisoned mothers are more likely than to go on to commit crime or be victims of crime themselves, research finds. This was Mary’s experience. Her mother was addicted to drugs and neglected her daughter, who left home at 15 after she was sexually abused. Mary* became addicted to alcohol and ended up in violent relationships. She found real happiness when she fell pregnant with her first son, but her controlling husband threatened her with violence if she didn’t move drugs for him, which is how she ended up in prison. ‘If I didn’t do it, he would beat me up in front of my son and I didn’t want [my son] to be scared like I was, so I just did what he told me to do,’ she says. ‘I just fell into that lifestyle – it became normal to me. Then I got caught.’ Pregnant with her second son, Mary was sent to prison. ‘I knew my son would be taken as soon as he was born,’ she admits. She was correct. After a brief cuddle, Mary’s newborn baby was taken away. ‘At first, I didn’t cry,’ she recalls. ‘I remember staring into space like I was frozen. I got up and went to the toilet and then I just broke down. I sobbed and sobbed. I felt broken, like I had nothing and no one, no purpose, no point, nothing. I’m ashamed to admit it now, but all I wanted at that point in time was some gear or some wine to numb the pain. The hurt was unbearable, and I just wanted it to go.’ After giving birth, Mary was sent back to prison that night and locked in her cell. ‘Thank god I wasn’t alone; I had a pad mate, or I don’t think I’d be here now,’ admits the mum-of-two. ‘She knew how I’d be feeling bad, bless her, and she had got gear ready for me to take. That probably sounds weird and sick, but it was the most caring thing she could have done. I took it gratefully.’ The rest of Mary’s sentence passed in ‘a blur’. ‘I don’t recall a single officer asking me how I was or how I was coping,’ she adds. ‘One actually told me that it was “how it should be”’ that I “deserved it” and that prison was “no place for babies anyway” which I agreed with to be honest but that didn’t help the pain.’ When Mary was released, she was raped multiple times by her partner’s friends. Afterwards, she snapped and beat her husband unconscious with a cricket bat. She phoned the police, waited for them to arrest her, and pleaded guilty to GBH. With Mary back behind bars, her sons went into care, and spent their teens in and out of foster homes. Talking about how that makes her feel, she says, ‘Oh my god the guilt. Both of them have been in and out of prison, which I know is my fault. The life they’d had. God I can’t bear to think about it really. I had ruined my life, but the real tragedy is I ruined theirs.’ Clare*, 43, found out she was pregnant with her third child, a little girl, when she was being processed for prison. She’d been arrested for drugs offences in the crack house where she’d been sleeping on a mattress. The baby was her drug dealer’s. ‘Straight away, I knew I would have to give her up for adoption,’ recalls Clare. ‘I was a prolific offender. I knew I’d have to give her up to give her the better life that she deserved.’ Clare was released after four months of her nine-month sentence. From the prison gates, she went straight back to the crack house, because she had nowhere else to live. She skipped all her antenatal appointments, and went into labour on the streets. ‘I gave birth and walked away from hospital,’ she says. ‘I left her in the incubator and walked away. It was horrible. But the drugs numbed everything.’ Like Mary, Clare also had an incredibly harrowing upbringing. ‘Mum was an alcoholic and an addict, and I didn’t know any better,’ she admits. ‘I wasn’t brought up by my parents. I’d spent my childhood in and out of care. I didn’t have those skills or anyone to show me how to live right.’ Like her mum, Clare was addicted to drugs and alcohol, and she stole to support her habit. After her first arrest at the age of 19, she spent years in the revolving doors of the prison system. After giving birth to Tanya* in 2005, Clare went back into prison where she continued using drugs to numb the pain of losing her children. Her first two were brought up by family members, and Tanya was adopted into another family. Clare believes if she’d had some help with her addiction, she could have kept her children. ‘Prison is no place for pregnant women, there needs to be a lot more support,’ she explains. ‘If somebody had helped me more, maybe I wouldn’t have had to give Tanya away. But I didn’t see a way out. ‘I’ve seen many women have their babies in prison, get released and come back into prison having lost their babies into care. There needs to be more out there for all these women, who end up in prison because their crimes are related to domestic violence, or drugs and alcohol. If there was more support on leaving, I think they would be able to get out of the cycle.’ All three women are now out of the criminal justice system, and living ordinary lives. Mary, now in her seventies, has rebuilt her relationship with her sons, while Clare has seen a real happy ending. Her daughter Tanya, who was adopted into a ‘lovely’ family, has made contact, and her older two came to live with her again when she recovered from her addiction. Sober, Clare went on to have two more children and her home is now the house where the family dinners are held and where toddlers are dropped off for impromptu babysitting. She is affectionate and loving with her kids who are happy now. ‘I was lucky’, she says. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Claie.Wilson@metro.co.uk Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Women in prison: Why building more cells isn’t the answer MORE : Inmate gave birth to stillborn baby in toilet when nurse mistook labour for period pain MORE : Pregnant teen will give birth behind bars after setting house on fire