Rishi Sunak ‘agonised’ over quitting after being fined for breaking lockdown rules – but was reportedly talked out of it to protect Boris Johnson and his own position in the party. There was speculation about the chancellor’s future yesterday when news of the fixed penalty notice issued to him by the Metropolitan Police was greeted with seven hours of radio silence from him and his team. Unlike the prime minister, who almost immediately confirmed he intended to continue in post, Mr Sunak is said to have considered quitting after a torrid week. In the end, he was talked out of standing down because it could be seen as an act of ‘regicide’ against the prime minister, The Times reports. His resignation would have piled even more pressure on Mr Johnson to resign by setting a precedent. With his public brand already damaged by revelations about his wife’s tax affairs and his position in the Tory party weakened over the National Insurance rise, the chancellor’s status as heir apparent to Number 10 looks in serious question. But any move which might have been seen as an effort to damage the PM would have ended his leadership prospects for good, aides reportedly warned him. The pair were fined for attending a birthday bash thrown for Mr Johnson in the Cabinet Room on June 19, 2020, when the country was still under strict restrictions. Anonymous sources close to the chancellor said he was angry to have been dragged in, claiming to have only been at the party because he was meeting the PM for a meeting, not because he was invited. One told The Times: ‘He is a very honourable man and feels very badly let down by being dragged into this. ‘It is only natural for him to be considering what this means for him.’ In the end, Mr Sunak offered an ‘unreserved apology’ and confirmed he would try to soldier on in the job, offering his backing to Mr Johnson in the process. He said in a statement: ‘I understand that for figures in public office, the rules must be applied stringently in order to maintain public confidence. I respect the decision that has been made and have paid the fine. ‘I know people sacrificed a great deal during Covid, and they will find this situation upsetting. I deeply regret the frustration and anger caused and I am sorry. ‘Like the prime minister, I am focused on delivering for the British people at this challenging time.’ Tory MPs look unlikely to try and unseat Mr Johnson immediately, with many publicly using the Ukraine crisis as a reason to continue with his leadership despite him becoming the first ever British prime minister to break the law. However, with 50 fines already issued, there looks set to be more to come – and the prime minister could yet be fined up to six more times for events which are still to be assessed by the Met. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer called on both to quit yesterday and joined calls from other opposition parties to recall parliament early. He said: ‘The British public made the most unimaginable, heart-wrenching sacrifices, and many were overcome by guilt. ‘Guilt at not seeing elderly relatives, not going to funerals or weddings, or even seeing the birth of their own children. ‘But the guilty men are the prime minister and the chancellor. They’ve dishonoured all of that sacrifice, they’ve dishonoured their office.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.