Emma Bunton has revealed she won’t be at Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz’s wedding, and the Spice Girls reunion we were dreaming of has kind of come crashing down. Brooklyn, 23, and Nicola, 27, are set to tie the knot today at the Peltz family estate, with A-listers galore expected to attend. While Emma, 46, won’t be there, she made up for it by sending the pair an adorable message. Posting a snap of the three of them on Instagram, Emma wrote: ‘These two beautiful souls are getting married today! ‘I’m so sorry i couldn’t make it there to celebrate you both. We Love you all very much.’ She went on to address her bandmate Victoria, adding: ‘@victoriabeckham @davidbeckham try not to cry to much!! #happytears.’ Emma is the second Spice Girl who won’t be attending, with Geri Horner thought to be missing out as she’s going to the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne with husband Christian Horner instead, who is the Team Principal of the Red Bull Formula One team. Mel B previously confirmed she’ll be attending. Plenty of other stars are expected on the guest list, including Gordon Ramsay and his family, who were spotted at the rehearsal dinner and pre-wedding bash. Serena Williams was also seen there, with her sister Venus sharing a snap of her gorgeous wedding outfit. Also expected is Victoria’s best friend, actress Eva Longoria, who previously said she’ll be coordinating outfits with the Spice Girls star. As for her wedding looks, Nicola will be decked out in full Valentino. Speaking to CR Fashion Handbook, the Bates Motel star discussed how she was working closely with Valentino’s Pierpaolo Piccioli to create her bridal looks and had been to Rome twice to choose all the details with her family, saying it was ‘a beautiful thing to be a part of and it’s very exciting.’ While Nicola has been keeping a low profile ahead of the big day, Brooklyn has been seen zooming about on a golf cart and hanging out with his siblings. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Romeo Beckham’s girlfriend shares sneaky snap of outfits amid Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz’s ‘no phone rule’ MORE : Brooklyn Beckham cuddles pet puppy as he’s seen for first time on morning of wedding to Nicola Peltz 