The UK has joined EU and US sanctions against Vladimir Putin’s two known daughters in a bid to undermine their ‘lavish lifestyles’. Katerina Tikhonova and Mariya Vorontsova will be hit with a flurry of international measures as evidence continues to emerge of horrific war crimes committed by their father’s troops in Ukraine. All their assets within reach of the EU, UK and US will now be frozen and the pair have been banned from travelling in those territories. The daugther of Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov has also been named in the latest British restrictions. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said sanctions are not only ‘hitting the families of the elite’ but are also ‘cutting off Putin’s sources of cash’. Western intelligence suggests the Russian president has hidden his vast wealth by divvying it up between a close network of friends and relatives. A US official said on Wednesday: ‘We have reason to believe that Putin, and many of his cronies, and the oligarchs, hide their wealth, hide their assets, with family members that place their assets and their wealth in the US financial system, and also many other parts of the world. ‘We believe that many of Putin’s assets are hidden with family members, and that’s why we’re targeting them.’ Stashing wealth abroad is essential to the Kremlin elite as the value of Western real estate, sports teams and yachts is easier to protect from sanctions than domestic Russian investments. Vorontsova, 36, and her younger sister Tikhonova are the Russian president’s only children from his marriage to ex-wife Lyudmila. He is allegedly had a third daughter, Elizaveta, in 2003 with former cleaner Svetlana Krivonogikh, who became a millionaire and co-owner of a large Russian bank after their relationship. The 18-year-old reportedly boasted on Instagram about a $4.1 million penthouse apartment she shares with her mother in Monte Carlo before deleting her account after a torrent of abusive comments linked to the invasion. Putin, who is nearly 70, is reported to have had a fourth daughter and twin sons with Olympic champion gymnast Alina Kabaeva, 38, who is said to be hiding out in a luxury Swiss chalet. Reports of his extramarital offspring have never been officially confirmed. The EU confirmed a range of new measures on Thursday, including an embargo on coal imports. Brussels is weighing up further restrictions on energy in an effort to cripple the market which is worth more than £3 billion to Russia every year. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.