The 2022 Masters is upon us and looking at the current world golf rankings this year’s tournament looks wide open. The conveyor belt of young golfers produced by the PGA Tour continues to roll on and has left the likes of Dustin Johnson and Rory McIlroy clinging onto their places inside the world’s top 10. That there are only 90 or so players in the field means those competing have a much greater chance of success at Augusta compared to the other three majors, especially once you exclude those former champions who participate for nostalgia. All eyes are on Tiger Woods as he makes his return just 14 months after he escaped from a life-threatening car accident, but it would be too much to expect the greatest ever to complete a fairytale comeback. Here Metro.co.uk looks at five players who are shaping up for a tilt at the green jacket… This young American has risen to the top in dramatic fashion. It was only a little under two months ago when Scheffler was still winless on the PGA Tour but he has stormed American golf to become a multiple champion in the space of a few weeks. His WGC Match Play victory at Austin Country Club last month, which followed success at the Arnold Palmer Invitational, was his third PGA Tour triumph in just 42 days and has elevated the 25-year-old to World No.1. Mature beyond his years and with fine chipping skills, it’s hard to believe Scheffler could be in any better form heading to Augusta. This laid-back Aussie has been threatening to win at Augusta for some time showcased by the three top-10 finishes he has notched up in his last four Masters appearances. The 28-year-old arrives at Augusta playing some of the best golf of his career and will be buoyed by his two wins – at the Sentry Tournament of Champions and the PGA Tour’s flagship event, the Players Championship – eariler this year. One of six Australians in the field, Smith has some of the best short game statistics in the world which leaves him in good stead to tackle Augusta’s sloped greens. The former champion has a formidable record at Augusta which makes him one of the best Masters performers of recent times. Besides the year he won in 2015, Spieth – a three-time major winner – has finished in second and third place twice which includes last year’s edition when he missed out behind winner Hideki Matsuyama and runner-up Will Zalatoris. Despite struggling to match his past success in recent years – amid multiple swing changes – if the 28-year-old can rediscover his strong putting skills he will be dangerous at Augusta. Perhaps Europe’s most in-form player, Hovland has been a revelation since breaking onto the tour in 2019. The Norwegian has won multiple times in both Europe and America all at the tender age of 24. His victory at the Dubai Desert Classic at the start of this year was his second triumph in just the last six months. Despite Hovland’s success on the DP World and PGA Tours, the jury is still out on him in the majors as he is yet to secure a top-10 finish. However, he is due a strong showing in one of golf’s big events. Finau has long flirted with the idea of winning a major best displayed by the fact he has top-five finishes in all four of golf’s premier events. At the Masters, the American’s recent form is particularly good – with three top-10 finishes in his last four appearances  – and he will play the season’s first major having won the Northern Trust last August, which took a monkey off his back having developed a reputation as a choker. Very much an outside bet due to his struggles to get victories over the line, his strong performances on difficult courses mean he is always one to watch. MORE : Piers Morgan hits out at treatment of Phil Mickelson who will miss the Masters for first time in 28 years MORE : Rory McIlroy responds to Tiger Woods Masters speculation For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.  