French authorities have seized Roman Abramovich’s stunning Riviera villa as part of a huge crackdown on Russian assets. Château de la Croë — the ­Chelsea FC owner’s luxury retreat in Cap d’Antibes — was targeted in a raid on sanctioned individuals with links to Vladimir Putin. Set in 12 acres of woodland, the elegant 12-bedroom mansion was once the south of France holiday home of the Duke and Duchess of Windsor and is worth £90million in today’s market. The asset freezes were ­confirmed yesterday by the Finance Ministry in Paris. ‘There are 33 properties that have been frozen, including a dozen belonging to Abramovich,’ a ministerial source said. ‘They include homes, superyachts and helicopters, and add up to well over €25billion (£20billion). ‘It is all part of the programme of sanctions being brought against Russia in response to its invasion of Ukraine.’ Abramovich, 55, reportedly spent £30million restoring the villa after he bought it in 2001, adding a swimming pool on the roof and a huge gym and home cinema in the basement. Other properties seized include his sprawling estate on the Caribbean island of Saint-Barthélemy. A close ally of the Russian president, he is thought to be ­currently staying in Moscow after being involved in several peace talks with Ukraine. There was no immediate comment from Abramovich, who also had £5.4bn of linked assets frozen by the tiny Channel Island of Jersey. Jersey Police searched premises believed to be connected to Mr Abramovich’s business activities on the island, which follows UK policy and sanctions the same people. ‘The Royal Court also imposed a formal freezing order on 12 April, known as a saisie judiciaire, over assets understood to be valued in excess of US$7bn which are suspected to be connected to Mr Abramovich and which are either located in Jersey or owned by Jersey incorporated entities,’ the Jersey Law Officers’ Department said. Additional reporting by Peter Allen in France Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.