Bruce Willis’ daughter Scout has admitted she never expected the amount of love sent her father’s way following his diagnosis with aphasia. The Die Hard actor’s family announced this week that he would be ‘stepping back’ from acting after being diagnosed with aphasia, a language disorder caused by damage in a specific area of the brain that controls language expression and comprehension. Sharing a new adorable photo with Bruce, Scout can be seen lounging on an armchair with the Hollywood legend, cuddling up to him as he smiles away at her. ‘Yesterday was so surreal, sharing something so personal,’ the 30-year-old actress wrote. ‘I didn’t know how it would be received, there is always an unknown when sharing out so vulnerably into the world. I’d hoped for some love and compassion, I truly NEVER could have anticipated the depth and breadth of the love we received as a family yesterday. ‘It kept hitting me yesterday how much love, energy, and prayers were now being sent to my daddio and just humbling me in a way that’s brings tears as I write this. I am so grateful for your love, I’m so grateful to hear about what my papa means to you. ‘Thank you so much to everyone who reached out to me yesterday, i love and I appreciate you with all my heart, it’s gonna take me a whole to respond to your messages!’ Of course, the outpouring of love continued, with stars like Pixie Geldof and Arlene Phillips commenting their support. Bruce’s daughter Rumer Willis broke the news of his diagnosis on Instagram, alongside a post of the Die Hard star, with the rest of his family posting the same message too. She wrote: ‘To Bruce’s amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities. ‘As a result of this and with much consideration Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him.’ She added that it had been ‘a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support’. ‘We are moving through this as a strong family unit, and wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him, the 33-year-old continued. ‘As Bruce always says, “Live it up” and together we plan to do just that.’ The post was signed ‘Emma, Demi, Rumer, Scout, Tallulah, Mabel, & Evelyn’, referencing his wife, model Emma Heming; ex-wife Demi Moore; children with Demi, Rumer, Scout and Tallulah; and his daughters Mabel, nine, and seven-year-old Evelyn with Emma. The 67-year-old has enjoyed a long Hollywood career of blockbusters, and is known best for appearing as John McClane in the Die Hard movies as well as in 1998’s Armageddon. He also appeared in 1994 Quentin Tarantino classic Pulp Fiction with John Travolta, Uma Thurman and Samuel L Jackson, as well as the well-received thriller The Sixth Sense. Many of his co-stars and friends have sent love to him following the announcement. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : John Travolta lauds Pulp Fiction co-star Bruce Willis for being a ‘generous soul’ after aphasia diagnosis MORE : Razzie Awards reverse Bruce Willis nomination amid backlash following actor’s aphasia diagnosis 