Amanda Holden labelled Amber and her pooch the ‘best dog act ever’ on Britain’s Got Talent during Sunday night’s episode, but it wasn’t their first time on a Got Talent stage. In fact, auditionees Amber and her dog Nymeria have already been finalists on another Got Talent show. Their dancing tricks and fast routine left Simon Cowell, Alesha Dixon, David Walliams and Amanda as impressed as ever, with Simon even saying: ‘That was the best dog act since Ashleigh and Pudsey.’ However, Amber, Nymeria, and a second dog called Ruby were on Holland’s Got Talent in 2020, where they just missed out on being crowned winner. The year after, Amber and Nymeria reportedly took to Belgium’s Got Talent without Ruby, although it’s unclear where they placed in the show. Now, they’re looking to add a third country to their list. They’ve got a strong chance too, considering how much the nation loves dog acts. Ashleigh Butler became a household name when she appeared on Britain’s Got Talent in 2012 with her talented dog Pudsey, going on to win the show with Pudsey becoming the first dog to win Britain’s Got Talent ever. The male Border Collie, Bichon Frise, and Chinese Crested powderpuff cross won the hearts of the nation and went on to star in his own movie in 2014 – with his voice provided by judge David. Saturday’s episode was met with intense backlash after American singer Loren Allred – who lent her voice to the hit ballad Never Enough in the 2017 musical – was awarded a golden buzzer from Amanda. Many BGT fans were left frustrated by Loren’s inclusion on the show and branded it ‘a farce’ and ‘unfair,’ considering the musician has already performed with the likes of Andrea Bocelli and Michael Bublé. Both Britain’s Got Talent and Loren defended her spot on the show ahead of the episode airing. ‘We are thrilled to back this year and look forward to viewers watching our BGT bumper special on Saturday and Sunday this weekend,’ a BGT spokesperson said. ‘Whilst most people will have heard the infamous Greatest Showman track, Loren is not a household name, and she deserves her spot on the BGT stage. ‘We hope that such articles will not count against somebody who is well-deserving of this opportunity.’ Loren added: ‘Even though I have spent a lot of years in the music industry, people don’t know who I am. Over all these years I’ve been fighting for my chance to be known and to make it.’ Viewers were later left perplexed after discovering comedian Axel Blake, who had received Simon’s Golden Buzzer after his stand-up audition, already had his own comedy special on Amazon Prime Video. ‘Ok he was funny but he’s been advertised by Amazon Prime,’ tweeted one viewer after watching Axel on BGT. Britain’s Got Talent returns on Saturday at 8pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent ‘edited out’ Dizzee Rascal track from audition after rapper assaulted ex MORE : Britain’s Got Talent contestant claims he was ‘stitched up to make’ Greatest Showman’s Loren Allred ‘look better’ 