Prison staff have reportedly been banned from referring to prisoners as ‘residents’, ‘clients’ or ‘service users’ to end so-called ‘woke’ language in the jail system. Justice Secretary Dominic Raab is said to believe ‘wishy-washy, politically correct’ phrasing is damaging public confidence. The terms ‘prisoner leavers’ or ‘ex-offenders’ are preferred. A new ‘style guide for prison communications’ was unveiled at a meeting with senior officials on Wednesday night. Those who have been let out on license can be called ‘people resettling into the community’, it reads. But prison ‘cells’ must never be called ‘rooms’, according to the Daily Mail. A government source said: ‘The Justice Secretary is determined that our prisons up their game in rehabilitating prisoners to drive down re-offending, cut crime and protect the public. ‘But wishy-washy, politically correct phrases like “room” or “client” dent public confidence in our ability both to reform and to punish those who have broken the law and caused harm to others. The Justice Secretary believes in calling a prisoner a prisoner.’ Solicitor General Alex Chalk said last year workers cannot ‘pretend that these people are angels residing in a cell out of choice’ – although didn’t call for an official ban on certain wording. It comes medics are also advised to change their language to stop ‘belittling or blaming’ patients. Doctors may be leaving people frustrated by treating them like children, a new opinion piece in the British Medical Journal warns. Phrases such as ‘poorly controlled’ illness or ‘treatment failure’ should be scrapped, according to Caitriona Cox and Zoe Fritz, two doctors from the University of Cambridge. Other language like ‘sending’ a patient home or ‘taking’ their medical history can leave people feeling ‘passive or childlike’, they say. Sufferers of diabetes regularly encounter ‘authoritarianism’ in language – for example, in talks about them not being ‘allowed’ certain foods. ‘Although patients can find such language upsetting or frustrating, some also adopt a childlike narrative, describing the effect of being “naughty” or “good” on their blood sugars, or recounting being “scolded” by healthcare professionals’, the article reads. It goes on to claim the relationship between healthcare staff and patients can be improved with simple rephrasing. For example, ‘denies chest pain’ could be changed to ‘reports no chest pain’, or ‘patient failed on x’ could be ‘x was not effective for the patient’. Meanwhile, a patient ‘refusing’ advice or a treatment could instead be described as ‘declining’. Dr Cox and Dr Fritz warn many phrases are ‘deeply ingrained’ in medical practice – but have urged doctors to use language that ‘facilitates trust and supports shared decision-making’. They argued: ‘Language that belittles, infantilises, or blames patients runs counter to the collaborative relationships we are trying to foster through initiatives such as shared decision making.’ Dame Laura Lee, chief executive at cancer support charity Maggie’s, has pointed out there are specific words people with illnesses like cancer ‘hate’. ‘We have been hearing for years that people with cancer are fed up of the “battle” language used around them – phrases like “she fought cancer” or “stay strong” can make people feel despondent’, she said. ‘We also know how important language can be to someone’s experience of health services and can make a huge difference to the way they approach and respond to their treatment and diagnosis. ‘People that come into our centres are often confused and worried, and they need our support to better understand medical jargon and their treatment options to make an informed decision about their own and their friend or family’s care.’ It comes after medics were also told to ditch confusing and elaborate medical jargon in 2018. The Academy of Medical Royal Colleges said making language more easy for people to understand and addressing them in first person strengthens the doctor-patient relationship. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.