A contemporary coastal home created by the founder of Everyman Cinemas has gone on the market for £6million. Daniel Broch and his wife Lisa demolished a standard 1960s house and started from scratch to create a modern eco home. The property, called Bliss Blakeney on the Norfolk coast, has its own wellbeing area, self-contained flat, work from home hub, plus a heated swimming pool and a cinema room – so the possibilities for entertaining are endless. The nine-bedroom property also has stunning views of the salt marshes and the Blakeney Harbour. The couple created the house around five years ago and designed it to make the most of the beautiful surrounding areas. The aptly-named Sea Room, which is between the ground and first floors, has an uninterrupted view out to the North Sea. The cinema room is very much in the ‘Everyman’ mould with acoustic walls, doors and ceiling and top notch screening equipment. In total there is over 9,600 sq ft, with five living areas, four kitchens and nine bedrooms, all en suite. There is also a wellbeing area with a steam room, treatment area and gym. The Cabin is a self-contained four-bedroom wing, which can be used for visiting friends and family or rented out as a holiday let. And The Hub, a stand alone building at the southernmost point of the property, is where the couple have run their business and is the ideal work from home space. The property has underfloor heating throughout, an air recovery system and a biomass boiler. Outside the grounds include the central courtyard garden and swimming pool, wildflower areas, kitchen garden and an ornamental pond. Ben Rivett, from estate agents Savills, said: ‘There was a 1960s house there before and the owners completely knocked it down and started again. They always transform the sites they go to and this is sort of the crown jewel, it’s just exceptional. ‘The location is very special and when you walk through the house you can see straight through to that coastline view. ‘Plenty of people claim to have a sea view, but this is just incredible. It’s the kind of property that appeals to everyone – families, professional couples, overseas buyers – the scale of it, the overall space it enjoys and the functionality. ‘Blakeney is one of the best coastal villages in Norfolk. But this is on the edge of the village so you’re out of that hubbub and you’ve got that peace and tranquillity but with good pubs and art galleries nearby. ‘The house also has a separate area they call The Hub, which is the ideal work from home location. They run their business from there and that’s still a big draw to people.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Clifftop home in Cornwall with steps down to a beach on the market for £2.5million MORE : You’ll either love or hate this all-black flat on sale for £375,000 in Manchester MORE : Angsty, isolated, horny and unmotivated: Why the pandemic has turned us into teenagers again