Eight miners were killed and 18 others were injured when a coal mine collapsed in Serbia. Workers were trapped when a shaft caved in at the Soko mine in the centre of the country. Officials say the victims died of suffocation caused by the release of noxious methane gas. The survivors are being treated in hospital for fractures and the effects of gas inhalation. Their injuries are not life-threatening, health authorities said. The accident at the state-owned mine took place shortly after 4am local time and officials said an investigation is under way to determine what happened. The Mining and Energy ministry said a seam collapsed in an excavation chamber, leading to ‘a sudden penetration of methane into the working space.’ There were 49 miners on the rota at the time of the accident. Most were from the nearby town of Aleksinac, which has declared a day of mourning tomorrow. Rescuers have been trying to determine how many miners were trapped in the shaft, state broadcaster RTS said. Goran Vidic, head of the local hospital, said all non-essential surgery had been cancelled and some patients had been discharged to make room for casualties. ‘The situation here is difficult, relatives are here, people are upset,’ he said. Mining and energy minister Zorana Mihajlovic visited the site on Friday and expressed condolences to the families of the victims, promising state help and denying reports there had been an explosion. ‘Inspectors, police and all relevant authorities are at the scene, doing what is necessary to determine the cause of this tragedy,’ she said. The Soko mine, about 125 miles south east of the capital Belgrade, has had several serious accidents since it started operating in the early 1900s, including one in 1998 which killed 29 miners. ‘Soko coal mine is a dangerous coal mine, dangerous from the aspect of methane,’ said the mine’s manager Drago Milinkovic. ‘Security measures are at the highest level in the coal mine, but this time there was a sudden release of methane and simply the monitoring and the equipment that were in place did not help.’ Near the mine, stunned locals stood in silence. ‘It could have been me,’ said one who used to work the overnight shift. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.