Roman Abramovich has denied begging his Hollywood and Wall Street friends for millions to keep his business empire afloat. A spokesman for Mr Abramovich made the statement after reports in the US emerged alleging the Chelsea Football Club owner was asking as much as £765,000 in loans from a network of rich associates. The claims were first broken by media outlet Page Six. But Mr Abramovich’s spokesman has denied there is any truth to the report and said they had not been approached for comment. A representative for Mr Abramovich said he ‘has not spoken with, nor asked for funds from these individuals.’ They added: ‘We have contacted the originating source Page Six as they did not reach out to us prior to publication.’ It was alleged Hollywood director Brett Ratner, famous for the Rush Hour trilogy, was among those asked by Abramovich. The Russian billionaire was also alleged to have approached the Rothschild family. A source told Page Six: ‘Roman is asking some of his closest powerful friends to let him borrow $1 million. ‘He is saying he has never missed payroll for his staff, which is $750,000 a week, and with his assets frozen, he can’t pay his people. ‘He has reached out to Hollywood producer and director Brett Ratner and the Rothschild family, among many others, for money, but – while they are good friends with Roman – they have not agreed to give him money, because either they do not have that in liquid cash, or moreover it is not clear what are the repercussions under international law.’ In Britain, the oligarch and his family have amassed a property collection worth more than £250 million, alongside Chelsea, which is currently being sold off. His current net worth is estimated to be around £10.7 billion, according to Forbes. Mr Abramovich has recently been the subject of much speculation after he and two Ukrainian officials were allegedly poisoned during peace talks with Russia. He developed peeling skin on his hands and face, as well as ‘piercing pain’ and red eyes, after landing in Kyiv for negotiations on March 3. The poisoning was said to be a ‘warning’ not to betray Putin, and he later attended further peace talks in Turkey, where he was reportedly acting as an unofficial go-between for Russia. Metro.co.uk has contacted Mr Abramovich for a comment through Chelsea. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.