Tyson Fury’s wife Paris Fury is said to be pregnant with the couple’s seventh child. The boxer, 33, is already a dad to six kids, with his eldest being Venezuela, born in 2009, followed by Prince John James, nine, Prince Tyson II, five, Valencia, four, and Prince Adonis Amaziah, two. According to his pal Carl Froch, they are now expanding their brood even further, and that is why he suspects he will retire. The former professional boxer, 44, was quizzed on whether Tyson will bow out from the sport after his fight against Dillian Whyte this weekend. The Gypsy King will take on Dillian, 34, at Wembley Stadium this afternoon to defend his WBC heavyweight title. Carl told BBC Breakfast: ‘Well, listen, he has got five or six children, I don’t want to get it wrong. ‘He has got a lot of kids and I think Paris, his wife, is pregnant, so why not sail off into the sunset.’ The sportsman’s revelation comes after Tyson him self hinted that his wife is expecting. Just yesterday, according to The Sun, Tyson said: ‘My wife has been at home waiting for me for ten years, we have six kids and I am going to put another bun in her oven.’ ‘Number seven is going to pop out anytime soon,’ he teased. Joking about his future, the boxer added: ‘I am going to be a family man and a big fat pig, fatter than I already am.’ His confession comes after Tyson candidly revealed he has slept with 500 women and that he was a ‘liar and a cheat’ in past relationships. Speaking on the Boxing News Online podcast, Tyson said: ‘I’m a liar, a cheater, a proud, vain person. Everything that’s bad I do or have done. We all make mistakes, don’t we?’ However, he does regret ‘the filth’ of his behaviour and wishes he waited until marriage to have sex. ‘If I could erase that then my life would be practically perfect. I regret all the filth that you do with people.’ Tyson met Paris when she was just 15 at the wedding of a mutual friend. Their paths crossed again at her 16th birthday celebrations, with the couple starting to date shortly after. They tied the knot in 2008 and Paris has spoken about what their relationship was like in the early stages. She said she would travel to him during the week and then he would go to see her at weekends. ‘I would always be so excited at the thought of seeing him,’ she shared. ‘Even after we got engaged, Tyson would sleep in a caravan in the yard of my parents’ home, while I slept inside the house. ‘We didn’t sleep together until after we got married. That is the traveller’s way.’ Reps for Tyson and Paris have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Man Utd thank Arsenal fans for classy Cristiano Ronaldo gesture MORE : Nadia Sawalha ‘didn’t know what to do’ with foetus after suffering miscarriage: ‘This was my baby’ 