Naga Munchetty made a very unfortunate slip-up during Saturday morning’s edition of BBC Breakfast, when she confused two very famous men called Boris. Tennis star Boris Becker was jailed on Friday afternoon after hiding £2.5million worth of assets and loans to avoid paying debts. The 54-year-old six-time Grand Slam champion was found guilty of four charges under the Insolvency Act. However, when discussing the news on Saturday morning, BBC Breakfast host Munchetty made quite the blunder, by mistaking him for Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Giving viewers an update on the headlines, the host began: ‘Three-times Wimbledon champion Boris Johnson has just spent his first night in prison. ‘He was sentenced for two-and-a-half years for hiding assets to avoid paying debts.’ Her co-host Ben Thompson then handed over to sports reporter Mike Bushell, to get a bit more background on the situation. Despite the slip-up occurring in just a few moments of TV, many viewers quickly picked up on the very unfortunate error. One shared on Twitter: ‘What a slip! BBC’s @TVNaga01 claims Boris Johnson just spent his first night in prison.’ ‘Was that a Freudian slip from Naga Munchetty “Boris Johnson spending his night in prison” #GTTO,’ said someone else. A viewer added: ‘Not helped when Naga on BBC breakfast actually said Boris Johnson rather than Becker had been jailed with no correction.’ ‘So Naga Munchetty also said Boris Johnson has gone to jail when referring to Boris Becker. Is this Freudian?’ shared another. Munchetty moved on and failed to correct the blunder before handing over to Ben after the mix-up. Metro.co.uk has contacted the BBC for comment. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ICYMI: Ukraine, porngate and Boris Becker – this week’s five biggest stories, explained MORE : Piers Morgan ‘so sorry’ for Boris Becker after former Wimbledon champion is jailed over bankruptcy case 