Did you know you could make money from your feet? No, we’re not talking about doing some creative typing at work, or even being a foot model. Instead, a simpler solution: just sell your sweaty socks. Yes, this really can bring in some cash – just look at Billy-Joe Gray, who says he makes up to £1,600 a month from this method. The 25-year-old sells his worn socks for between £10 and £30 a pair, and sells anywhere between five and 12 pairs each week. He wears the socks for days at a time for maximum ripeness, and will add in an assortment of additional bodily fluids for an extra charge. The items are then sent off to grateful customers in zip-lock bags. How did this all start, you might wonder? Well, Billy-Joe had started sharing photos of his body online, then started getting bombarded with requests for items of clothing, from those who fancied getting their paws on the straight guy’s sweat (which is an official fetish, FYI). Billy-Joe was happy to oblige, sending out used underwear, socks, and gym gear to his loyal fans. His fiancée is totally fine with this, in case you were wondering – she even helps him run the account. Billy-Joe, from Chelsea, London, said: ‘I have massive support from the LGBTQ+ community. They’re like my main audience. ‘They help support my page and I do videos and content for them on my website as well as through TikTok and Instagram. ‘I have a lot of Americans who buy my used underwear and my used socks and keep them for their own enjoyment. ‘I get regular buyers who will buy used socks all the time. I’ll go to the gym on specific days for them and wear them over the course of one to three days for them. ‘We’ll then talk about a price and how much they’d be happy to pay. It’s on an individual basis how much they sell for. ‘Social media is so big and wide. It can take one video going viral on TikTok and getting thousands of views, and from that, you’ll have loads of people wanting to buy your socks. ‘If I can sell my used socks for £10, £20 or £30 a time, I will.’ For socks fans, ‘the sweatier and more stenched they are, the better’, so Billy-Joe will often film himself working out and going for a run to prove his wares are the genuine article. ‘I’ll go running and stuff, and put them in a zip lock bag, and then put them in discreet packaging – in case they live at home with their parents, their husband or wife,’ he added. ‘My sales all come through Instagram. Americans love buying white Nike socks. I’ve found that my TikTok branches out more to them than it does to people in the UK.’ ‘This sock selling thing was quite new to me. I didn’t realise there was a market out there for this. ‘Sometimes, guys will ask me to spit or [ejaculate] into them, and that obviously comes with a bit of extra charge. People like everything and anything. ‘I’m open-minded about people’s sexual preferences. I support anything and everything that’s out there. ‘People have foot fetishes – that’s what lockdown has brought out. People were finding new ways to get fetishes and get off.’ We know what you’re thinking: with all this sock-selling, does Billy-Joe have to walk around barefoot? Thankfully, he keeps his personal sock stash separate from the professional sweatsoakers. ‘I will purposefully go out and buy two to four packs of white Nike socks, and I’ll keep them in a separate drawer,’ Billy-Joe explained. ‘They’ll be the pairs I’ll wear to the gym. ‘If somebody goes “I’m interested in buying”, I’ll say “That’s fine, give me two days. I’ll wear them to the gym, package them up and send them off”. ‘The ones I wear for personal use, I’ll keep in a separate drawer.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Joiner works as a drag queen by night and has a £5k wardrobe of glam dresses MORE : Seven reasons you’re struggling to orgasm MORE : Signs you need a break from dating – and why it’s important