In February 2020, Sheri Scott, 35, moved into her flat in Glasgow – along with her two dogs, Olive and Daphne. You’ll remember what happened next. Coronavirus struck, lockdown(s) came into place, and life got turned upside down. Faced with the prospect of spending months indoors, the ‘beiger than a digestive biscuit’ interiors of Sheri’s new place became even less appealing. So, she decided to dig right into the DIY, transforming a drab and dreary space into a colour-packed, joy-filled paradise that suits her down to a tee. First up, the living room – for which Sheri, who you might better know as foreveryoursbetty, already had a clear vision. ‘I already had in my head what I wanted,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. ‘There were these Glasgow Caledonian buses around in the sixties, with this creamy green and orange – and I always thought the colour combination was so beautiful.’ One look at Sheri and you’ll guess that she loves orange – so modelling her living room’s colour palette on that bus made perfect sense. ‘It was really important to me,’ Sheri notes, ‘because it felt like I was moving into someone else’s home in a way. ‘I wanted to have one room that made me feel at home.’ Roping in some help from her best friend and her uncle (a retired painter and decorator), Sheri got to work, adding green to the walls with orange accents, creating alcove arch shelving, complete with vintage wallpaper (found at Glasgow Barras Market, and actually the paper used for making lamps), and buying up all sorts of secondhand items, from the big squishy sofa to the glorious corn on the cob stool. Once the living room was done, it was like everything started to fall into place. Next, the kitchen. The inspiration here? A wide range: 80’s video games, Mondrian artwork, and Americana diners, all brought to life with an ADHD-friendly storage system, custom cabinets, and a Pac-Man machine by the counter space. ‘The biggest thing that came from lockdown was my neurodivergence discovery,’ Sheri tells us. ‘Learning I had ADHD really made me completely rethink how I decorated my house. ‘When I discovered ADHD TikTok, one of the man things I learned was that you should have a home for everything – which made so much sense, because my house was just piles of doom and I needed organisation. ‘So, I took everything out of my kitchen and put it into organisation piles. ‘There were 27 piles, so I realised I needed 27 cupboards.’ Sheri took her very specific design brief to a company called More Living Renovations, and thankfully, they got it. Now, everything has a place, and the kitchen is divided into specific stations to work for Sheri’s brain. ‘The colours just make me really happy,’ Sheri says. ‘For me, the kitchen is the most overwhelming space in my house, so my challenge was: how do I make this a place I actually want to be? ‘I’m so happy I managed that in this spot. I spend so much time in here.’ After the kitchen came the hallway – more bright colours, with a real Simpsons vibe – then turning a smaller room into a magnificent walk-in wardrobe. ‘I had this vision of a big orange womb,’ Sheri explains. ‘I wanted it to be my happiest place.’ That mission has been accomplished with tall orange shelves against orange walls, a retro-feel wavy rug, a coordinating wavy mirror, and a cosy corner chair. The mirror was a DIY project – Sheri got an old mirror for free, in exchange for some old light fixtures, in a local Facebook swap page, then got MDF cut out in ‘wiggles’, painted them with yellow paint she already had, then stuck them on – along with sticky-back LED lights on the sides. Sheri says: ‘I just love it. I see orange as a neutral, so I feel like I walk in and I can’t help but be happy. ‘I believe the best place to get ready and to make yourself look good is a space that makes you feel good.’ The bathroom hasn’t been fully done up yet, with Sheri instead doing some renter-friendly DIY tweaks such as sticking up frames and swapping the towels out for some – you can guess – orange ones, but that’s next on the list, followed by the bedroom. She’s loving getting stuck in and trying out whatever ideas she comes up with. ‘I’ve always been a give it a go-er,’ Sheri tells us. ‘The process is fun, and I feel like it’s never-ending, because I love finding more fun objects and vintage pieces for each space. ‘For me, the joy is in the hunt. I love that everything has a story. I want my home to be full of the things that make me happy. ‘I wanted my house to be for me – and I’ve made that happen.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Drab motorhome transformed into pink Barbie paradise on wheels MORE : Mum adds £125,000 to value of ‘hoarder home’ after impressive DIY transformation MORE : 14 easy DIY hacks that will add value to your home