Simon Cowell has stepped out at the Nickelodeon Kids’ Choice Awards 2022 after opening up on his ‘horror film’ fillers. The 62-year-old media mogul was spotted showing off a more natural look as he attended the ceremony in Santa Monica, California, where America’s Got Talent won the best reality Show prize. Sporting a full beard and smiling for the cameras, Simon seemed to be in good spirits having recently revealed he ditched Botox after deciding the treatment had left him looking ‘like something out a horror film’. Instead, he’s turned to a healthy diet to battle the natural effects of ageing. ‘There was a stage where I might have gone a bit too far. I saw a picture of me from ‘before’ the other day, and didn’t recognise it as me first of all. Eric was in hysterics. Enough was enough,’ he said. He added to The Sun: ‘There is no filler in my face at all now. Zero. There was a phase where everyone was having their faces pumped full of this and the other. ‘But actually, for me now, a lot of it comes down to healthy eating and drinking tonnes of water.’ And when it comes to his TV career, Simon also claimed X Factor would need to undergo some changes if it was to return. ‘The salaries got out of whack. I’d be a hypocrite if I said I hadn’t made a lot of money. But it got too crazy,’ he explained. ‘The other thing we did with the show was to keep tinkering with it, adding new formats. ‘When we first started the show it was very simple with unique elements. I’d argue you can’t make a better music show than that.’ Meanwhile, Simon has previously been open about his love of Botox in the past and admitted there was a time he had ‘too much’. He said at the time: ‘Hopefully I look better now – I probably did have a little too much Botox a couple of years ago, because everyone on TV has it. Now I have facials, but nothing too extravagant at the moment. ‘I have a girl who comes here and does a great face massage – it’s very relaxing. I also had a sheep placenta facial once, which was quite out there. ‘Then Sinitta recommended I try another detoxifying machine, and this thing turned up in my bedroom and it was like something out of Doctor Who. It was like a spaceship had landed in my bedroom.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Simon Cowell will leave ‘substantial sum’ to dog shelters in his will as last wishes cover ‘everything he cares about’ MORE : JoJo Siwa claims she ‘wasn’t invited’ to Nickelodeon Kids’ Choice awards 