Richard Madeley made quite the obvious effort not to say too much on Emma Corrin’s striking balloon dress that they wore to the Olivier Awards on Monday’s edition of Good Morning Britain. The Crown star took to the red carpet on Sunday night at the glitzy ceremony, where they were nominated for best actress, in an orange and pale pink balloon-printed dress with an attached flesh-coloured balloon bra worn on top. As Vick Hope introduced Emma as a contender for best dressed at the event, saying that they made ‘quite a statement’, Richard could be heard scoffing ‘what?’ while co-presenter Ranvir Singh reacted with a confused ‘oh’. She than joined Richard with a ‘What? What’s going on?’ However, former This Morning star Richard then decided to voice that he wouldn’t be saying anything further on Emma’s fashion choice. ‘No comment, no comment, nothing to say on that,’ he declared. Ranvir was seemingly confused for another reason though, asking: ‘That’s okay is it? Owen’s saying that’s okay.’ Richard then started whistling and motioning that Emma’s ensemble had gone right over his head. Strictly Come Dancing star Ranvir then explained her earlier hesitation over the dress, seemingly hung up on the balloon bra and its placement of knots. ‘It’s not a dress I’d go for, but if our producer extraordinaire Owen says that’s okay at 12 minutes past seven in the Easter holidays, then so be it,’ she said. Emma ultimately lost out on best actress, alongside singer Lily Allen, who was nominated in her theatrical debut, with the gong ultimately going to Shelia Atim for Constellations. The big winners of the night were Cabaret, which converted seven of its 11 nominations into awards, including those for stars Eddie Redmayne and Jessie Buckley, as well as the coveted gong for best musical revival. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Chris Bailey, lead singer of punk band The Saints, dies aged 65 MORE : The Olivier Awards 2022: Oti Mabuse, Kit Harington and Lily Allen lead glamorous red carpet stars 