Jaap Stam believes Bruno Fernandes, Paul Pogba and Cristiano Ronaldo will be the key players for the new Manchester United boss to build around next season. The Red Devils are in the process of hiring a new boss to replace interim manager Ralf Rangnick when his time in charge comes to an end in the summer. As is expected when a new manager comes in, there will be a host of fresh talent signed and some of the deadwood moved on. But former Red Devil Stam believes Pogba, Fernandes and Ronaldo must be in the new manager’s plans. ‘Well, the midfield of course, and the defence is very important,’ he told bettingexpert. ‘When you’re looking at the squad now, there are a few players I think you work around in building your team. ‘That’s Cristiano if you want to keep him. I think Bruno as well, in the midfield. I would keep Pogba, also there is a big discussion, but I think you need to use him in a certain way because I like him as a player and what he can bring.’ While Fernandes has signed a new four-year deal with the club, the future of his midfield partner Pogba remains uncertain. The Frenchman is out of contract in the summer and is yet to commit to a new deal as he weighs up his options from the likes of PSG and Real Madrid. Should Ronaldo also stay on, Stam feels the likes of Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford can also have a big part to play in United’s bid to return to the top next season. ‘These are three players that I’m thinking okay if you can use them then you need to work the team around them and try to create the team around them so you can play very nice and attractive football,’ Stam added. ‘You’ve got wingers, Rashford on the wing, with a lot of pace. There’s Sancho as well for the other side that you can use as well. With his right foot, he comes in from the left, on the inside with his right.” ‘That means you need to have a full back who is very fit and very good on the ball and can go up and down the pitch for 95 minutes but not be injured occasionally. ‘Trying to have somebody who can be up for it, week in and week out and play a lot of games. That’s what you need to have on the right side as well.’ MORE : Leeds United midfielder Kalvin Phillips would ‘improve’ Manchester United and Arsenal, claims Tim Sherwood MORE : ‘He’s come a long way’ – Erik ten Hag backs Manchester United target Ryan Gravenberch to thrive at Bayern Munich For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 