Nigel Farage calls his so-called friend Donald Trump ‘angry’ and ‘one-geared’ in a video sensationally leaked by Piers Morgan. Speaking at an event, former UKIP and Brexit Party leader says: ‘I think there are real problems with Trump.’ Posting the clip on Twitter, Piers Morgan writes: ‘Can you make sure your Dad sees it, ⁦@DonaldJTrumpJr – just thought you should both know what a treacherous disingenuous little snake you’re dealing with.’ It is not clear where the footage was taken, but Farage is heard saying ‘it looks like Trump’s going to win’ and says he wouldn’t vote for Hillary Clinton. He also talks about what will happen ‘if he’s the nominee’ – suggesting the footage was taken before the 2016 presidential election and before Trump was chosen as the Republican candidate. Farage can be heard saying: ‘Whilst Trump puts his finger on some things that do need to be said, I find that there is a certain sense of anger about Trump. ‘There’s a certain sense that he’s only got one gear. And he also seems to believe in a bigger state and has a lot of ideas that I wouldn’t necessarily call Republican. ‘If Trump’s the nominee – he’s saying good things about security – there’s much about the rest of his agenda and his manner that I find pretty worrying.’ A member of the crowd remarks on how Trump once said that women who get abortions should go to jail and says ‘I will never be able to vote for an idiot like that’. Farage sees the man’s point and concludes: ‘There are real problems with Trump.’ It comes after Trump was shown on Wednesday storming out of an interview with Morgan in anger over a tough line of questioning. However, the former US president denies walking out and says the TV presenter misleadingly edited the footage. Morgan is making a return to UK television on Monday with his show on TalkTV – part of Rupert Murdoch’s media empire. For the first episode, he trailed footage from the interview which appeared to show Trump storming out in a strop. As drama ensued between the pair, Morgan posted a tweet earlier today saying: ‘President Trump’s now issued two statements about our interview which he calls ‘long and tedious’, ‘fake’ and a ‘shambles’. ‘But he also says it was ‘very strong’, he ‘enjoyed doing it’, predicts ‘big ratings’, and concludes: “I don’t believe Piers is a complete slime-ball”.’ Farage, who now works as a host for GB news, also got in on the drama, denying that Trump stormed out of the interview. Slamming a headline in The Sun newspaper, the former MEP said: ‘The impression was given in this newspaper and elsewhere that Trump had lost his rag and stormed out because he simply could not take it. ‘Well, I tell you what, there is only one way to describe that news headline. It’s very simple: it is fake news.’ Farage then played an audio clip which Morgan can be heard saying: ‘That was a great interview. Thank you very much. I really appreciate it.’ The Brexiteer added: ‘So the interview is over. Morgan says thank you, that was a great interview. Trump says yeah. It’s over. It’s done. ‘There is no way, absolutely no way, no way at all, that Trump stormed out of that meeting. It’s a completely inaccurate, dishonest representation of what happened.’ Farage has claimed to have handed Trump a dossier full of hurtful comments Morgan said about the former president ahead of their interview. Sharing a teaser with his followers later in the afternoon, the journalist wrote: ‘I always like to return a favour. ‘I’ve been sent video footage of @Nigel_Farage speaking VERY disparagingly about Donald Trump. I do hope it doesn’t damage their bromance. Posting soon.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.