Rishi Sunak compared himself to Will Smith over ‘upsetting’ criticism of his wife’s financial links to Russia. The Chancellor said he understood what it felt like to have your wife ‘attacked’ but joked: ‘At least I didn’t slap anyone.’ The cabinet minister has come under pressure over his wife, Akshata Murthy, having a 0.91% stake in Infonys, a company founded by her father which continues to operate in Russia. Mr Sunak suggested his experience was similar to Will Smith – who dramatically slapped comedian Chris Rock at the Oscars for joking about his wife’s bald head. Speaking to the BBC’s Newscast podcast, Mr Sunak said: ‘I think it’s totally fine for people to take shots at me. It’s fair game. I’m the one sitting here and that’s what I signed up for.’ But he added: ‘Actually, it’s very upsetting and, I think, wrong for people to try and come at my wife, and you know, beyond that actually, with regard to my father-in-law, for whom I have nothing but enormous pride and admiration for everything that he’s achieved, and no amount of attempted smearing is going to make me change that.’ Mr Sunak also mentioned England cricket captain Joe Root, whose team lost a Test series to the West Indies at the weekend, He joked: ‘Someone said, ‘Joe Root, Will Smith, and me – not the best of weekends for any of us. ‘But I feel, on reflection, both Will Smith and me having our wives attacked – at least I didn’t get up and slap anybody, which is good.’ Infosys, a multinational software giant, has kept what it calls a ‘small team of employees based out of Russia’ following the country’s invasion of Ukraine. A statement from the company, which was founded by Ms Murthy’s billionaire father NR Narayana Murthy, said that the firm did not have ‘any active business relationships with local Russian enterprises’. However, Labour and the Liberal Democrats have both called for Mr Sunak to answer questions over the issue. In the Commons on Thursday, a Labour shadow minister was forced to withdraw a claim that Mr Sunak was ‘hypocritical’ for calling for UK businesses to divest from Russia. Shadow Cabinet Office minister Fleur Anderson said: ‘The Chancellor has asked businesses to think very carefully about any investments that would in any sense support Putin and his regime. ‘However, this is pretty hypocritical given he and his family are still making millions from Infosys, a company still trading out of Moscow. We need to be united in our opposition to Putin, it cannot be one rule for us and another for the Tory elite.’ Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle intervened, saying: ‘We can’t use the word hypocritical against the Chancellor.’ Ms Anderson agreed to withdraw it but called for an investigation into whether the ministerial code has been broken. Previously, Mr Sunak had refused to answer questions about his wife’s involvement in the company. Asked on Sky News whether his family was going against advice given to companies over connections with Russia, he said: ‘I’m an elected politician, and I’m here to talk to you about what I’m responsible for. My wife is not.’ He said he had ‘nothing to do with that company.’ It comes as the BBC reported that an investment firm founded and part-owned by Jacob Rees-Mogg was seeking to scrap its Russian-linked investments. The BBC said Somerset Capital Management held stakes in four companies operating in Russia as of December – including Infosys – but that one of those had already been ditched, with the others being in the process of being disposed of. Mr Rees-Mogg has not had a direct role in the firm’s investment decisions since becoming a Government minister. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.