Katie Price has sparked speculation of a possible reconciliation with her ex Kris Boyson after they appeared to share photos of the same hotel room days apart. The rumours come shortly after it was reported that the model had split from her fiancé Carl Woods, 11 months after they announced their engagement. Katie, 43, has been engaged eight times, one of which was to fitness instructor Kris, who she became engaged to in 2019, before they broke up a few weeks later. Last week, the TV personality is said to have shared pictures on her Instagram Story from The Copper Cabin, a luxurious hotel getaway that can be booked through Secret Cabins. Meanwhile, Kris, 33, was spotted posting photos from the same hotel room on his account a week later, leading some to question whether there could have been a link. Katie tagged her son, Harvey Price, in her picture of the kitchen inside the cabin, which featured atmospheric pink and blue lighting. Kris’ photo looked fairly similar, showing a glimpse of the kitchen surface underneath pink lighting. However, a friend close to the fitness instructor, who owns a personal training business, told MailOnline that it was ‘just a coincidence’ that they stayed at The Copper Cabin within the same week. ‘Kris was there with another woman who he’s not ready to go public with and isn’t interested in getting back with Katie. Their relationship is in the past for him now,’ they said. Following the news that Katie and Carl had reportedly split, a source told OK! magazine that Kris was ‘fed up with getting dragged into their relationship all the time’. It was claimed by The Sun that Katie used her daughter’s Instagram account to message Kris, although it’s said that he didn’t reply. ‘Kris would never get back with Katie,’ the source added. ‘He’s single, he’s got TV work coming up and he moved on a long time ago. He’s had other relationships since Katie and he’s got no intention of ever going back there.’ The news of Katie and Carl supposedly calling time on their relationship came after she joined him in court last month as a show of support to ‘try to get his charges dropped’ for ‘threatening and abusive behaviour’. The former Love Island star appeared at Colchester Magistrates’ Court charged under Section 4 of the Public Order Act, after Essex Police confirmed the charges in a statement released in February. Metro.co.uk has contacted Katie Price’s representatives for comment. Kris Boyson declined to comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price ‘splashes out on £179,000 pink Ferrari’ despite two-year ban after drink-driving charge MORE : Katie Price enjoys day at the salon with ‘insanely stunning’ daughter Princess Andre in wake of Carl Woods ‘split’ 