Aldi has a number of offers in the middle aisle every week – called Specialbuys. From egg chairs to bedding, and fire pits to gin, there are always some great deals to be found. If you’re planning ahead to visit the iconic middle aisle – or you prefer to get your bargains online – we’ve got you covered. Here are our top picks of this week’s Aldi Specialbuys. This week, Aldi is packed with gadgets and kids’ toys. From a cut-price stand mixer that’d give KitchenAid a run for their money to a super cool fire globe, you’re spoiled for choice. KitchenAid stand mixers are the gold standard for any keen baker, but they don’t come cheap. This version from Aldi is far more affordable at £49.99 – and just as pretty to keep on your counter too. Available online and in Aldi stores from today. If you’ve got kids, it’s likely you’re planning plenty to keep them busy over the Easter holidays. Give this sleepover kit a go if you’ve got their friends coming round. It comes with an indoor tent, decorations, and a chalk board for their doodles – all for £49.99. It also works great if you want to make bedtime more fun, turning it from a chore into an activity. Available on the Aldi website only from today. Mud kitchens are a great idea if your kids are keen to help out in the kitchen but aren’t quite ready for that responsibility. This one from Aldi costs £59.99, coming with pots and pans and made from  FSC certified wood. Let hours of fun ensue. Available on the Aldi website only from today. Fire pits are everywhere right now, but have you considered a fire globe instead? Aldi’s offering is oxidised for a rustic effect, with a pattern of birds and flowers that’ll create beautiful shadows as your fire burns away. Plus it’s just £94.99 – perfect for budget-conscious folks doing up their outdoor space. Available to pre-order on the Aldi website now, and in stores from Sunday April 10. You can order online and find more Specialbuys on the Aldi website. Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below MORE : How much does it cost to boil a kettle? MORE : A Corgi café is coming to central London for the Platinum Jubilee