Once a coaching stop for pilgrims travelling along Roman road Watling Street (now the A5) from London to the cathedral at St Albans, Edgware grew rapidly after the underground arrived in 1924. Nearly 100 years on, it’s a thriving, multi-cultural suburb, split between Barnet — London’s most heavily populated borough — and Harrow. Although night tubes haven’t yet resumed on the Northern Line, there are 24-hour buses, and the M1 and M25 are easily accessible via the A1 and A41. The conservation area on the west side of the high street contains 16th and 18th-century timber-framed buildings, but most homes have been constructed in the past century, with a predominance of 1930s detached and semi-detached houses, 1980s and modern developments. ‘Edgware’s a one-stop shop for all, with something to offer all parts of the market,’ says Adam Salem of Benjamin Stevens, a local estate agent. ‘One-bedroom flats start from just over £200,000 and three-bed houses from £450,000.’ If Barnet’s proposed Local Plan gets the go-head, Edgware can expect 5,000 new homes by 2036. The latest development to open its doors is Fairview’s Edgwarebury Manor, a mix of one and two-bed apartments and two, three and four-bed terraced houses featuring open-plan layouts and grey Shaker-style kitchens with double sinks and integrated appliances. Two and three-bed houses are currently for sale, from £595,000 with Help to Buy. Hillgrove House is a scheme of 20 one and two-bedroom apartments a few minutes’ walk from the shops and station. Each has a light and airy open-plan living area, underfloor heating, a private balcony or terrace, and Help to Buy’s available on selected plots. Two-beds start from £519,950, by Shanly Homes via Hamptons. Help to Buy is also on offer at Ucar House in Burnt Oak, just south of Edgware. Finished to a high standard, with eight spacious two and three-bed, first and second-floor flats ready to move into. From £415,000, via Foxton and Bairstow Eves. Anyone looking for a shared ownership home won’t have long to wait as Network Homes will soon launch one, two and three-bed apartments at Edgware Parade, in the town centre, and prices are yet to be announced. Later this year, more are coming at Icon in Burnt Oak, also from Network. If you fancy living in a listed building, a three-bed luxury apartment in Wildernesse House, a converted Victorian abbey, is on at offers over £1m, via Statons. On the ground floor of a purpose-built block, this one-bed flat has a decent-sized kitchen and living area and a parking space. Around 92 years are left on the lease. Check it out via Purple Bricks. A three-bed semi-detached house with an extended kitchen/diner, a ground floor study which could be used as a fourth bedroom, and potential to convert the loft. Check it out via Benjamin Stevens. This spacious house, on the Edgware/Mill Hill border, includes four bedrooms, three bathrooms, three reception rooms, a garage and off-street parking for four cars. Check it out via Cosway. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Forget Borough, these up and coming London markets will bag house-hunters a bargain MORE : How this hospital worker swapped a nightmare houseshare for home ownership MORE : Stranger Things fan? An incredible house themed around the show is on sale for £343k