Last month, 51-year-old Kimberly Chasteen welcomed her seventh child – 35 years after her first was born. The mum-of-seven, from Missouri, now has newborn Tyrique Chasteen – as well as 35-year-old Jessica, 33-year-old Kayla, 31-year-old Richard, 20-year-old Blake, 19-year-old Briar and 17-year-old Balin. Kimberly decided to have her fallopian tubes tied at the age of 20 after her first three children – but then reversed the operation at 30 to welcome three more kids. She then underwent another tubal litigation at 34 only to reverse the operation again in 2019 after meeting a new partner. Despite approaching 50, Kimberly still dreamt of having a seventh child – so dedicated the following three years to getting pregnant and spent around £23,000 on IVF to make it happen. And Kimberly says the process hasn’t been without its challenges. She explains: ‘It’s been a really rough journey; I’ve spent about $35,000 (£23,000) and went through a lot. ‘Trying to find a doctor who would even sign off on it for my age when was hard. ‘It’s not like just anyone would sign off on it, you have to go through a whole host of things. ‘They have to do a complete health history on you to see if it’s even possible for you to carry a child. ‘They shut down my cycles several times before we actually got to the initial transfer because when there were red flags and if they see something they’re not going to risk it.’ Eventually, Kimberly fell pregnant and gave birth to Tyrique prematurely, after suffering a placenta abruption at 32 weeks. Now, the family are excited to meet their new sibling when he comes home from hospital. Kimberly says: ‘My kids are very bonded and love each other very much, they won’t say that Tyrique isn’t their biological brother, they’ll say, “he’s my brother.” ‘They have a lot of love in their hearts and are really great kids, I’m very fortunate that they have each other. I’m blessed. ‘He’s growing every day and he’s getting stronger every day, he’s my little fighter, he’s my lucky charm. ‘I’m looking forward to bringing him home.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘I felt more sexy with every baby I had’ – Women on reclaiming their bodies after childbirth MORE : Couple who won £1,000,000 on lottery used it to pay for their daughters’ IVF treatment MORE : A 50-year-old mum now has two babies after falling pregnant at same time as IVF surrogate