Critics of the Government’s plan to send asylum seekers to Rwanda have claimed the scheme will ‘cost more than booking every person into the Ritz’. Boris Johnson hailed the UK as a ‘beacon of openness’ as he confirmed those crossing the English Channel in boats – and other means deemed illegal – will be flown 4,000 miles away while their claims are ‘processed’. He hopes it will break the business model of the ‘vile people smugglers’ who are ‘turning the Channel into a watery graveyard’. Charities have blasted the ‘cruel and nasty decision that will lead to more suffering’, with the Refugee Council predicting British taxpayers will be coughing up £1.4 billion a year. An initial £120 million is expected to be given to the Rwandan government under a trial, with the total cost remaining unknown – although a Home Office source has said it is ‘ludicrous to suggest costs would be more than the current system’. Labour’s Chris Bryant alleged today it will cost more than putting up the thousands of people coming to the UK in the Ritz hotel. Rooms at the luxury hotel in London start from £549 a night and can reach £1,200. In 2021, the number of people arriving on England’s south-east in small boats surged to around 28,300 – more than three times more the 8,400 who came in 2020. Mr Bryant offered no evidence for his theory and it’s unknown if he has taken into account all costs, the fluctuating number of people coming to the UK and uncertainty over exactly how many will be sent to Rwanda, as well as the final price tag. The hypothesis was also touted by one of Mr Johnson’s own MPs, although this was weeks before details of the new policy were announced. During a debate on the Lords amendments to the Nationality and Borders Bill, Tory ex-minister Andrew Mitchell warned: ‘We know that it would be incredibly expensive. ‘Judged by the cost of Australian offshoring, the British taxpayer would face unprecedented costs per asylum seeker. ‘It would be much cheaper to put each one in the Ritz and send all the under-18s to Eton. That would cost a great deal less than what is proposed.’ Students at Eton pay £14,698 per term, a £400 registration fee and £3,200 acceptance fee. Home Office officials have said the Rwanda scheme will primarily be for adults. In March, Mr Mitchell encouraged the government to recruit and train several hundred new civil servants ‘to process these claims more rapidly and, crack down on an over-lengthy appeals process exploited through unscrupulous lawyers’. Reacting to the news today, he said the new approach seems to be ‘globally unprecedented’, asking: ‘How much is it going to cost? How will human rights be protected?’ He also compared it with the Australian offshore scheme, which is said to cost up to £1.7m for each asylum seeker. Australian offshore centres in Pap New Guinea have been shut, but the government scheme is ongoing in Nauru. It has been criticised amid claims of poor conditions and mental health suffering. Referring to the rumoured cost of the new scheme, Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said today: ‘Home Office claims current cost of processing asylum per person in UK is £12k. That would make offshore processing over a hundred of times more expensive. ‘And would mean cost for UK taxpayer of sending people to Rwanda would be billions. Where is that money coming from?’ Enver Solomon, chief executive of the Refugee Council, has said offshoring the UK’s asylum system ‘will do absolutely nothing to address the reasons why people take perilous journeys to find safety’. ‘It will do little to deter them from coming to this country, but only lead to more human suffering and chaos – at a huge expense of an estimated £1.4 billion a year’, he said. When questioned on the Ritz Hotel theory, Boris Johnson brushed aside claims his plan could cost up to £2 million per person and argued ‘the asylum system is already costing this country 1.5 billion a year’. ‘The hotel costs are now £5 million a day – you’re talking about the Ritz – and it’s climbing, and unless we can beat the business model of the gangs, I’m afraid it will continue to climb’, he told a press conference. ‘What we need to put in place is the deterrent system that will change their minds, make them see that they’ve made the wrong deal and that there’s a better path for them if they really want to come to the UK. That’s what we’re doing today.’ Under the new plan, asylum seekers who remain in the UK while their claims are considered could be housed in stricter reception centres under the plans. The first will reportedly open in the village of Linton-on-Ouse, in North Yorkshire. Home Secretary Priti Patel has said the cost will vary per person during a visit to Kigali today. She said: ‘The costs right now (of the existing asylum system) are going to go up and up and up because we can’t stop the boats today or tomorrow. ‘The projections for the summer are incredibly high. Currently, we stand at a bill for taxpayers for over £1.5 billion a year and that’ll just go off if we do nothing. ‘Our work with the government of Rwanda, our work when it comes to removals and charter flights, are a drop in the ocean, compared to the long-term aggregated costs to UK taxpayers and it’s unfair on hard-pressed taxpayers. ‘I’m not ashamed to say that at all, I’m absolutely very vocal about standing up for hard pressure British taxpayers constantly, because it’s not just about the money costs, it’s about the wider strains and pressures.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.