An incredible Stranger Things-themed house has gone on the market in the US for $450,000 (£343,131) – and it features plenty of nods to the hit Netflix show. Situated in Big Bear Lake, California, the duplex property features two detached units, each consisting of one bedroom, one bathroom, a kitchen, and a lounge area. The theme of the quirky abode is easy to spot, with details from the series including the famous alphabet wall, a Scoops Ahoy kitchen and amazing ‘upside down’ bathroom. In one unit, the kitchen features the Scoops Ahoy diner from series two, with striped wallpaper and a mini arcade booth to really transport you to the fictional town of Hawkins. The lounge area has the famous alphabet and lightbulb wall – which Eleven used to psychically communicate with Will – as well as matching wallpaper and sofa from series one. The fun continues in the bathroom, where you can find the ‘upside down’ wall, or head to the bedroom to spot an exact replica of Eleven’s room complete with ‘friends don’t lie’ LED sign. Whoever was in charge of interior design here clearly loved the aesthetic of 80s and 90s movies, and they’ve kept the retro VHS theme going in the second unit. The neighbouring property (which you’ll get as part of the sale) on the grounds is themed around classic horror films, with a lifesize Jason Voorhees statue taking pride of place in the kitchen. There are posters and memorabilia throughout, showcasing iconic scary movies like Scream, Creepshow, and Nightmare on Elm Street. Even spooky children’s story series Goosebumps is represented with a lookalike locker (featured on the covers of The Haunted School and Locker 13 books) in the bathroom. If you can stomach the spine-chilling decor, though, this home could be the one for you. Even though they were built in 1941, each unit has new kitchens, bathrooms, a concrete driveway, new flooring, lighting, doors and hardware. It’s also got the best of both worlds when it comes to California living. Located near local shopping spots, restaurants, and the lake, the property is situated a two-hour drive from Los Angeles. Re/Max Champions, marketing the property, said: ‘Hands down one of the coolest properties you’ll ever see and one that will delight your family and friends.’ The listing continues: ‘This duplex presents a rare opportunity to own income producing mountain property with the possibility to use one unit as a vacation rental and the other as long term rental or a personal vacation home.’ Check out the listing and enquire to view here. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your sleep posture matters – here’s what you need to know MORE : Clever hacks to speed up painting a wall