Brits were completely spoilt when the Easter weekend brought bright, warm days and a bank holiday Monday to sleep off that sunny pint-inspired hangover. Of course, no one is complaining about a second bank holiday weekend but, unfortunately, the weather will not match up to the last one. Indeed, rain is currently moving southwards – bringing clouds and grey skies for Sunday across most of England and Wales That said, the weather could certainly be worse as London has enjoyed a fairly sunny Saturday with mild temperatures topping 14-15°C. Different parts of the country are expected to swap conditions with each other as the whole weekend looks like it is going to be a ‘mixed bag’, the Met Office said. Whilst England and Wales have seen a reasonably pleasant day today – especially in the south – Scotland and Northern Ireland have been hit with rain and temperatures generally staying under 10°C. This will switch over tomorrow when England and Wales will see a ‘pretty grey, damp day’, Met Office meteorologist Craig Snell said. He went on: ‘There will be cloud and at some point, in the next 24-48 hours, all of us will see some rain.’ Despite the dull skies, people in England and Wales will still be able to enjoy the day off as temperatures will stay at a moderate 14-15°C. Meanwhile, highs could reach 15-16°C in Scotland. Mr Snell admitted this was ‘probably not the best feeling of starts to May’. Bank holiday Monday will likely be fairly cloudy all over the country. But Mr Snell is ‘fairly optimistic we will see the sun punch some wholes through that cloud’. It should be warm during these times of sunshine. Monday ‘will not be a scorcher but it will not be a wash-out’, Mr Snell said. Temperatures will rise up to about 17-18°C  in the south or 15-16°C in places such as Belfast and Glasgow. Despite Brits’ annual yearning for summer, Mr Snell said any rain this weekend brings should be welcome after a very dry April. This month has been the latest in the string of dry Aprils, with rainfall about 35% lower than average. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.