Wayne Rooney has rejected the chance to join Erik ten Hag’s new coaching team at Manchester United, opting to instead stay at Derby County. 52-year-old Ten Hag was confirmed as the new Red Devils boss on Thursday after weeks of speculation and will take charge at Old Trafford at the end of season. United are currently in the process of assembling the rest of his coaching staff, with the personnel who remained from Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s tenure set to depart, with Ten Hag aiming to make a completely fresh start at the Theatre of Dreams. And The Athletic have reported that the club’s former captain and all-time record goal scorer Rooney was on the list of the candidates for a position in the Dutchman’s team. The legendary forward was ‘informally proposed as a possibility for the coaching staff,’ but turned the offer down, making it clear to United that he would only leave Derby for a No.1 position. Although their relegation to League One was confirmed on Monday, Rooney has received widespread acclaim for his efforts at Derby since becoming their manager last year, guiding the club through administration and being deducted 21 points. He currently looks set to remain in charge of the Rams for next season, although he has been linked with the vacant Burnley job and was even invited to interview for Everton earlier this year following the sacking of Rafa Benitez. Interestingly, Rooney was not the only iconic United striker linked with a return to Old Trafford, with Robin van Persie also mentioned but the 38-year-old has now been ruled out after being unable to secure a work permit. As for who will be joining Ten Hag in the dugout, his current assistant at Ajax, Mitchell van der Gaag, looks set to move to Manchester, while Steve McClaren is also in line for a return to the club at Ten Hag’s request. The former Middlesbrough and England manager worked with Ten Hag at FC Twente and also spent just over a year as Sir Alex Ferguson’s assistant at United during the Red Devils’ treble-winning season of 1998/99. MORE : Ronald de Boer compares Erik ten Hag to Pep Guardiola after Manchester United appointment MORE : Wayne Rooney issues warning to Manchester United fans after Erik ten Hag appointment For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 