Kourtney Kardashian has opened up about her decision to start a family with fiancé Travis Barker. The couple have been inseparable since they went public with their relationship last year, before announcing their engagement in October. They sent us all into meltdown last week when they walked up the aisle for a ‘practice’ wedding in Las Vegas, complete with an Elvis impersonator. In the trailer for the famous family’s new reality series, The Kardashians, the pair could be seen exploring plans to have a child together – with the 42-year-old discussing the impact that IVF treatments were having. Speaking in a new interview, the Poosh founder was asked about she felt to be on the path to starting a family with the Blink-182 rocker, 46. ‘It’s a beautiful thing that we’d love to have happen, but the journey is a bit hard for any women who have been on it,’ she told Entertainment Weekly. ‘And emotional,’ momager Kris Jenner added, something she appeared to agree with. Kourtney and Travis are set to share a glimpse into their baby journey in the first season of the Kardashians, which is launching on Hulu on April 14. The lovebirds – dubbed Kravis – left us all shocked when they rocked up to the One Love Wedding Chapel in Vegas in the early hours of the morning last Monday. However, the mom-of-three later explained that they got married ‘with no license’, while sharing pictures of the ‘ceremony’. ‘Found these in my camera roll,’ she wrote beside loved-up photos on Instagram. ‘Once upon a time in a land far, far away (Las Vegas) at 2am, after an epic night and a little tequila, a queen and her handsome king ventured out to the only open chapel with an Elvis and got married (with no license). ‘Practice makes perfect.’ Kourtney later hit back at the idea that they got ‘fake married’, during an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live. Discussing the scenes, the host said: ‘Kourtney I think you’re the Kardashian of the week this week because you went ahead and got fake married. ‘Well, we didn’t know you got fake married…’ ‘Well it’s not called fake married,’ she quickly clarified. ‘There was no possibility to get a marriage license at that hour.’ When sister Kim questioned whether everything in the area is ’24/7’, she added: ‘That’s what I thought! ‘And I’m like, are you guys lying? We asked five times like, what do we have to do to make this happen? ‘It was 2am and they were like, it opens at 8 o’clock. ‘We just did it anyway, it’s what is in the heart.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bowling For Soup on scrapped WrestleMania plans and Jaret Reddick’s role in Alexa Bliss and Ryan Cabrera romance MORE : The Split season 3: Who is new to the cast? From Sherlock’s Lara Pulver to St Trinians star 