Life is incredibly expensive at the moment. From soaring energy bills to food shops, we’re feeling the pinch in all areas. Petrol is another everyday cost that’s spiked in price, with some mums even saying they may have to ‘home–school’ their children – with the price of the daily school run sky-rocketing. In fact, fuel prices recently hit an all-time high – with current petrol rates at 157p per litre, and diesel at 170p on average across the country. What’s more, Google searches for electric cars have increased by six times in the last two months – so cutting the cost of fuel is a topic that’s clearly on our minds. But it seems there are a few ways we can actually make our petrol last longer. Ben Newman, the resident car expert from findandfundmycar.com, has shared a few things to keep in mind and how to save the pennies in different ways. Ben explains that ensuring your petrol cap is closed really tight can help your car gain some extra mileage and go that little bit further. He says: ‘Petrol is a liquid, and when a liquid gets too hot, it’ll evaporate into the air. ‘Think about it: if your cap is extremely tight, then the petrol will have nowhere to go. This ensures that your fuel stays in the car rather than seeping through the cap and into the air.’ So when you next head out to your car, double-check that the cap is as tight as it can be. It’s simple logic – the heavier the vehicle, the more fuel it uses. So ditch any additional weight in the car that’s not needed. Ben says: ‘I’m not suggesting that everyone swaps their bigger cars for something smaller, but what I’m suggesting is taking out any junk in your car that isn’t needed for that specific trip. ‘If you’ve got a boot full of stuff that you’re not using, and your car is fitted with bike racks and a towing vehicle, then empty the boot and leave the extra kit at home to make your car lighter.’ ‘Tyre rolling resistance, which is the effort required to keep a tyre rolling as you’re driving, counts for around 15% of all fuel consumption,’ explains Ben. This is why it’s important to keep your tyre pressure high – as not only does it mean you’ll be driving safely, but you’ll be saving fuel, too. Ben says if you’re stuck in traffic, or have been stationary for a few minutes, then turn your engine off. ‘Leaving your car running even while not moving will burn through fuel quite quickly,’ he says. ‘Not only that, but it’s also bad for the environment. If you can see that the traffic in front of you is at a standstill, then don’t wishfully think that it’ll start speeding up soon – turn the engine off and wait until you see some movement.’ It seems our bad driving habits may also affect how much fuel we use. ‘Speeding, braking and rapid acceleration waste both petrol and diesel,’ explains Ben. ‘So it’s important that you drive sensibly: no sudden brakes and no sudden acceleration. Drive less like a racecar driver, and more like a road driver.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum can’t afford to buy her son toys because of cost of living crisis MORE : What costs more, taking a bath or a shower? MORE : How much does it cost to leave your TV on standby all the time?