A jailhouse that was operational just six years ago has opened as a museum complete with the chance to dive into the cut-throat lives of the real Peaky Blinders. The Victorian-era facility in Birmingham is welcoming visitors with the original metal landings and windowless cells intact as it charts 200 years of crime and punishment. A million prisoners passed through the lock-up in Steelhouse Lane, including many notorious criminals such as the Brummie gang members who provided inspiration for the BBC drama. Over three floors, the former holding centre’s authentic feel dating back 125 years remains despite it becoming the largest and most accessible police museum in the country. Visitors can walk into cells housing displays, or sit in others that remain unchanged and imagine the heavy blue doors slamming shut. Corinne Brazier, heritage manager for West Midlands Police, told Metro.co.uk: ‘The building itself is probably the most interesting asset we have here. ‘It goes all the way back to 1891 so you can imagine prisoners for all manner of different crimes coming through the doors and being held in the cells. ‘There’s quite a few cells we have left without displays so you can get a good idea of what it felt like to be locked up in one. ‘Although it’s a museum with graphic panels, texts and pictures where people can read about the history and events of policing in the West Midlands, it still very much feels like a lock-up. ‘The main difference is that there are three motorbikes, a police box and a life-sized model horse on display. The building is really emotive with a lot of the original Victorian features. It was only closed in 2016, so it really brings the history of crime and punishment to life.’ Repurposed with funding from a National Lottery Heritage Fund grant of almost £1 million, the former cell block charts key moments in West Midlands policing over the years, such as the first Black and Asian recruits in 1966. There is also a roll call of officers killed in the line of duty. At the heart of the jailhouse is a police box, an example of the points of contact between officers and stations that were located on streets and are most recognisable in modern times through Doctor Who’s Tardis. The Peaky Blinders’ exploits are documented in a cell housing a razor-lined flat cap – a mysterious artefact in a riddle about the gang. ‘The real Peaky Blinders were a gang in Small Heath that first comes to notice of the press in 1890 when they are referenced for a vicious assault on a music hall manager,’ Corrine said. ‘By the mid-1890s, the criminals are talked about interchangeably and the term is used for any young ruffian or thug in Birmingham. ‘They were almost like an underclass, with judges describing people as being of the peaky class. ‘They had the fashions of the peaked cap, the neckerchief, the donkey fringe and bellbottom trousers. It was quite different from the glamorous gangsters in the show and of course the real Peaky Blinder period is a bit earlier, it’s throughout the 1890s and into the 1900s. ‘By the time of World War One they had pretty much disappeared from mention.’ In the drama centred on the Shelby family, the Peaky Blinders use razor blades in their hats to slash victims’ foreheads, causing temporary blindness as blood flowed over their eyes. But there is no contemporary newspaper evidence of this happening at the time. It was only in the 1920s, after mass mobilisation for the First World War helped break up the gangs, that the bloody mode of attack begins to be referred to anecdotally. The hit series starts in 1919 amid the slum neighbourhoods of post-war Birmingham. ‘The newspaper reports at the time were really graphic, if they had used the caps in this way it absolutely would have been mentioned,’ Corinne said. ‘That suggests it didn’t happen. ‘However we do have a peaked cap with a razor blade in it on display. It’s from our Coventry museum and we don’t know where it’s come from or how old it is or where it first appeared, but we do know it’s from the 1950s. ‘It first appeared in a newspaper article in 1961 as part of a story about a collection at the Coventry Police Museum. ‘It’s far too old to be a modern day forgery but did someone use it to attack someone or has it been built off the legend of later newspaper articles? ‘Visitors can explore both sides of the story in our display.’ The unparalleled collection of artefacts documenting changes over the years also includes a rare pair of rifled percussion pistols presented to Constable John Boulton in 1839, a Taser representing the non-lethal weapon’s introduction in 2005 and a birching rod and stool. Interactive displays allow visitors to dive into crime scene forensics and they can take their own mugshot and try on uniforms from over the years. The backdrop retains most of the components of a working jail, right down to switches for isolating cells and original signage for prisoners and officers. Generally, those passing through the bare, brick-and-steel cells and stark metal landings were unconvicted. Only in exceptional circumstances would serving prisoners be transferred in, such as after the Strangeways Riot and when prison officers went on strike. The global success of the show is likely to drive interest in the time capsule following its launch last week by what is now the second largest police force in the country. Revenue from ticket sales will be used for the upkeep and operation of the museum, so it is not a burden on frontline services. ‘There are a number of reasons why we thought it would be important to have the museum,’ Corinne said. ‘Partly it’s to share our heritage and to make sure those who played a part in it are not forgotten and to make sure policing remembers where it comes from, so it can know where it’s going. ‘It’s also important to remember the pioneers, the firsts of many different things, the first female and Black and Asian officers and the people who paved the way to allow people today to follow in their footsteps. ‘That’s really important as we try to improve the diversity and the representation in our police force and hopefully inspire the next generation of new recruits.’ For more information and tickets click here Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.