You had a sunny Easter break, the week felt shorter and now you’re looking into how to campaign for a four-day working week. Well, we don’t have the answer for how to do that. Good luck – let us know if you find out. However, we do have an answer for many questions, including but not exclusive to: ‘What’s Boris done now?’, ‘why is everyone talking about Prince Harry again?’ and more. And if you read until the very bottom, you’ll see we’ve thrown in some animal content to soften the blow of ‘everything is still bad’ pretty much every week. Boris Johnson will be investigated over whether he misled Parliament by saying he didn’t knowingly break the law after breaking the law. The Metropolitan Police fined the Prime Minister for attending an lockdown-busting event in June 2020 – when his staff ‘ambushed’ him with cake. Johnson has apologised after getting fined but has maintained he had no idea he was not in line with the coronavirus rules he had written himself. Labour went on to accuse the Conservative leader of misleading parliament and tabled a motion for MPs to vote over whether he should be referred to the parliamentary standards watchdog – the Privileges Committee. Tory MPs were reportedly told to oppose the vote until the Met’s investigation is finished but commons leader Mark Spencer said it would be a free vote  – meaning people would be allowed to vote in line with their personal beliefs and not specifically with their parties. After this was announced, no one objected to the motion and it went through without a vote at all – while Johnson was on an official trip to India. If Johnson is found to be guilty of misleading parliament, he will be in contempt, which is usually a matter of resigning. Speaking before the result was confirmed, Cabinet Office minister Michael Ellis told the Commons the PM ‘has always been clear that he is happy to face whatever inquiries Parliament sees fit’. TL;DR: Good friends make it legal and don’t tell you about the cake. Vladimir Putin has declared victory over the Ukrainian city of Mariupol as Ukrainian civilians are said to be ‘dying by the hour’. Russian troops have spent weeks unleashing a particularly brutal attack on the port city, leaving around 1,000 civilians sheltering at the Azovstal steel plant. Tensions were high as the 2,000 Ukrainian soldiers manning the site were told to ‘surrender or die’ by Wednesday. The deadline came and went without any surrenders but Putin ended up ordering his troops to stand down on attacking the plant. ‘I consider the proposed storming of the industrial zone unnecessary,’ he told defence minister Sergei Shoigu in a televised meeting at the Kremlin. ‘I order you to cancel it.’ Instead, Putin has ordered his military to block the plant so ‘not even a fly comes through’ – meaning those trapped inside may risk starvation. The Kremlin claims to have ‘liberated’ Mariupol as its troops launch a renwed assault to take the Donbas region in eastern Ukraine. TL;DR: Humans still haven’t figured out how to stop killing each other for being from ‘a little bit over there’. I know, I know: ‘Who cares about Royal Family drama with everything else going on?’ Well, you do. A lot. And we know that because it’s what you click on. Every. Single. Time. And hey, there’s no judgment here – we’re all human and we all like to be reminded that even the richest and most powerful amoung us have awkward family dinners sometimes. Besides this, the Queen is our head of state and it was her birthday this week! In Prince Harry’s desperation for privacy, he gave an interview to one of the biggest news outlets in the US. And he caused quite a stir when he casually slipped in that he is ‘just making sure (the Queen) is protected and has the right people around her’. The internet exploded at this, asking what Prince Harry would want to protect his grandma from. Many were also asking how he had any role in the ‘people around her’ while living in the US. Not one to shy away from his full-time job, Piers Morgan was quick to blast the Sussexes for being ‘shameless, deluded and woefully entitled’. Nevertheless, the Queen seemed to enjoy a perfectly pleasant birthday which saw a 41-gun salute as part of the celebrations in London, while Her Majesty marked the milestone privately on her Sandringham estate. TL;DR: Happy 96th birthday to the longest-reigning monarch Britain has ever had! The man German prosecutors believe killed Madeleine McCann has been formally named as a suspect by authorities in Portugal. German police have long considered Christian Brueckner, 44, the prime suspect for the kidnap and murder of Maddie. But detectives in Portugal- where the three-year-old disappeared in 2007 – have only now given him that official status. Brueckner, already a convicted child sex abuser, is currently serving a jail sentence for raping a 72-year-old woman in the same Portuguese resort where Maddie went missing. The child’s parents said they ‘welcomed’ the news and said they have ‘not given up hope’ that they will one day be reunited with their daughter. It comes as the Otley Burger Company in Leeds continues to make headlines for its controversial social media posts about the missing child. The ads on Instagram, posted on Mother’s Day on March 27, read: ‘Burgers for dinner? With burgers this good, you’ll leave your kids at home. What’s the worst that could happen. Happy Mother’s Day to all the mums out there.’ They feature an image of missing Madeleine McCann, her mum Kate and a photoshopped picture of a man running away with a toddler. The Advertising Standards Authority has since banned the ads, after receiving three complaints they could cause distress. TL;DR: There could finally be charges in the Madeleine McCann case, and people generally don’t like it when you make jokes about three-year-old girls who’ve gone missing. And finally, on to the real reason you read the news – for the animal content. Juan Carrito the bear made a name for himself in biscuit thievery, bin-break ins and public urination all over the Italian town of Roccaraso. The two-year-old was eventually sent to an enclosure for ‘problem animals’ in the village of Palena in March. After tricking the authorities into believing he had been rehabilitated, he was released into the wilds of the Apennine mountains. But Juan simply padded his way back to Roccaraso – a journey which ended up being more than 100 miles with his chosen woodland detours along the way. TL;DR: There’s no place like home. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.