London’s Tower Bridge has been shut after eco-protesters hung from ropes and put up a banner saying: ‘End fossil fuels now.’ Extinction Rebellion and Just Stop Oil activists took over the bridge earlier this morning before abseiling off the sides and set off flares. Protesters also walked into the middle of the road to stop traffic, leading to huge queues in the capital. Extinction Rebellion has said it plans to ‘get more serious’, by creating more roadblocks than ever in central London. ‘We won’t have pink boats, we won’t have pink tables, we will just have people power,’ the environmentalist group said. Last week XR pledged to launch daily protests with ‘mass participation on the streets’ in London. The ‘April Rebellion’ is expected to kick off at Speakers’ Corner in Hyde Park tomorrow from 10am, with activists aiming to ‘disrupt business as usual’. Members have been advised to book time off work from then until April 17 and then ‘at least’ every weekend until May 8 – in a sign of a stepping-up of protests. XR spokesperson Alanna Byrne told the Big Issue: ‘We’re not going to do it in a big bombastic way this time with lots of infrastructure and colourful things. ‘We’re trying to get serious and say we’re not going to go home until the government agrees to immediately end new fossil fuel investments.’ Yesterday Just Stop Oil, which is linked to Extinction Rebellion, said more than 400 activists have been arrested so far over another campaign of disruption that started last week. Around 15 members were arrested on Thursday morning after protesters occupied the Kingsbury oil terminal in Warwickshire. In a nature-documentary style video shared on the group’s social media, a narrator says: ‘Welcome to another episode of Black Planet. ‘We’re here looking at the devastation that the black stuff that the homo sapiens love so much but is ultimately going to kill them all. ‘I’ve been around the planet and seen many species but never have I seen an animal that so vehemently wants to kill itself. ‘So I’ve come to this Kingsbury Oil Depot to see a few homo sapiens fighting for their lives in an attempt to just stop oil.’ Just Stop Oil also said it set up a roadblock at the entrance to a nearby BP oil depot. It said operations at the Navigator oil terminal in Grays, Essex, were still suspended due to its occupation. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.