As any pet owner knows, it can be incredibly difficult to leave your beloved animal at home. And when you get to the inevitable point of liking your pet more than literally every other human in your life, it becomes even more difficult to find reasons to leave them at all. Well, it turns out you don’t actually have to do either – because now you can just bring your animal with you in an Uber. People in the UK can book an Uber Pets journey from today, for a £3.20 surcharge in London and a £2 surcharge outside the capital. Before this, pet owners had to book a ride before being able to ask if it was okay for their animal to come along. Drivers will still be able to choose whether they want to transport pets, and only those drivers will be matched with pet owners and their animals. Uber UK’s general manager, Andrew Brem, said: ‘We’re really happy to be launching Uber Pet in the UK, bringing even more convenient travel options to our riders. ‘With Covid-19 restrictions lifted, it’s the perfect time for new pets to get out and about again with you, no matter what your plans.’ The company has committed to donating £1 from every Uber Pet fare to the charity All Dogs Matter – which finds homes for unwanted and abandoned dogs. People who use guide dogs can continue to use the regular Uber option without any extra charge. Transport for London (TfL) considers itself to be ‘dog-friendly’ and allows dogs on almost all Tubes, trains and trams. People are required to pick their pets up when going up or down escalators at stations – unless they are service animals. If an animal is too big to be picked up, their owners are required to use the stairs of the elevators. Buses work slightly differently because there are several private companies running different buses around the country without any national legislation applying to them all. Many buses only allow small dogs, most ask that pets are kept off the seats and some leave the decision up to the driver. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.