When you hire a professional to do renovation work on your home, you’re paying for their labour time as well as the materials. Money-saving Steph Medlen, 37, managed to cut costs on both of these fronts, getting free pallets online and installing the deck boards herself. The mum-of-four from Bury spent just £100 transforming her back garden, and estimates she saved around £900 by going down the DIY route. Steph told money-saving Facebook group DIY On A Budget UK: ‘The wood was free from different places so it didn’t cost me very much at all. ‘I went to places like warehouses and asked for pallets and my step dad collected them for me. I must have had about 30 pallets for free in total.’ Her first freebie find was a bench, but Steph then caught the repurposing bug and began looking for more materials for the job. She added: ‘I laid the pallets down, then split the pallets for just the planks of wood and screwed them down so we had no gaps in the pallets. ‘We broke the pallets up with a crowbar and hammer. Some were easier than others!’ DIY enthusiast Steph gets a new tool each Christmas, so asked Santa for one to cut through nails to make the breaking up job easier. She then screwed on the planks and started beautifying the area. While creating a tranquil space to relax was a priority for Steph, there was also a deeper meaning behind the project. She said: ‘My brother suddenly passed away in November 2019. ‘He loved being in my garden, so I decided I would do my back garden in memory of him and get my kids involved in it. They all helped even down to the smallest boy.’ All working together, the family got the table and bench sanded down and painted the newly-laid decking a cool grey. Steph bought some £8 dog beds from B&M with reusable covers to sit on, as well as some artificial grass for the kids to play on without getting muddy. The paint and rugs used in the garden makeover came to £10 each, also from B&M. ‘The sun is in my back garden till around 3pm so the bench is perfect,’ she said. ‘My next job is to finish the lights so it’s cosy in the evening. I already have some solar powered lights that were very cheap. ‘This was a lockdown project and the beauty of it is I can keep adding to it.’ From teaching her 18-year-old son to use power tools – something she says has helped with his mental wellbeing – to making an outdoor haven for her family, Steph is more than happy with the results. Steph said: ‘We can now sit out in the garden and enjoy family times and soon have barbecues and my brother will be with us in spirit. ‘I have my own physical and mental health problems so doing my garden was like my escape. It has not been an easy job but was a rewarding job to do. ‘It would have cost me nearly £1,000 for it to be done professionally with decking. It cost me £100 in total. ‘It’s a great achievement because we don’t have a lot of money. If I can do this project on my own anyone can do it!’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to add panels to your walls MORE : Mum adds £125k to ‘hoarder house’ value in incredible DIY transformation