Mayhem struck on Wednesday night after thousands of weed smokers flocked to Hyde Park for 420 Day. Ten people were arrested as ‘a machete was seen’ and a police officer was assaulted when crowds spilled onto Oxford Street following the annual celebration. Footage showed cops patrolling with dogs as the mob was slammed with a dispersal order around 10pm. Screaming was heard and car horns blared, with more than a dozen officers appearing in the video. A Metropolitan Police spokesperson said there had been arrests for affray, possession of offensive weapon and assault on police with one person wanted. Others were accused of possession of class A and B drugs and possession with intent to supply last night. Superintendent Dan Ivey wrote on Twitter: ‘I’m part of command team (still here) so to be clear, this was a proportionate response to a large crowd leaving the park, some involved in assaults, with a machete seen, one knife recovered, along with a knuckle duster. ‘All is now calm. Ten arrests made.’ April 20 has become an unofficial global celebration of marijuana – with Brits using it as a chance to protest against the UK’s cannabis laws. It is known as ‘420 day as April 20 in the United States reads as 4/20. Clouds of smoke were seen rising from London’s Hyde Park and Woodhouse Moor in Hyde Park, Leeds as large groups lit up joints yesterday. Music blared from a sound system, BBQ were lit and paraphernalia including bongs was sold from stalls. Growing, possessing or distributing the Class B drug is against British law, although some councils don’t pursue those who use cannabis for ‘personal use’. Police typically turn a blind eye to the annual event as long as it remains calm. But anyone caught with cannabis can be issued with a warning or an on-the-spot fine of £90. According to legend, 4/20 goes back to 1971, when a group of students at San Rafael High School in California would meet at 4.20pm every day for a joint and a catch-up. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.