First Dates barman Merlin Griffiths has thanked the NHS for saving his life after  undergoing surgery to have his tumour removed. In September last year, the Channel 4 star announced he had been diagnosed with bowel cancer. Since then, he has been keeping fans up to date with his journey, yesterday sharing that it was time for his tumour to be removed. Hours later, the 46-year-old updated fans and thanked the NHS for saving his life. ‘Thank you #NHS for literally saving my life,’ he tweeted this morning, alongside a selfie of him in his hospital bed and a picture of an operative machine used for surgery. He earlier shared a picture of himself in bed on Instagram, writing in the caption: ‘2am. Tubes outta everywhere. Aches and pains. But no tumour!’ In the photo, he was lying down dressed in a hospital gown with tubes running into his nose – he had posted earlier in the day, wearing a unicorn mask before the operation. In all three posts, Merlin raised awareness for Bowel Cancer Awareness Month, which takes place in April. The bartender announced last month that he was preparing to have surgery, having explained that his stage three tumour was detected after he went to hospital with symptoms including bloating and nausea. Sharing their support and love for the popular Channel 4 reality TV star, actress and former First Dates star Chrissie Wunna commented a series of hearts under his Instagram post, as did waitress Cici Coleman. Fans also rushed to comment with support and well-wishes, with many sharing hearts and support for his recovery. Yesterday, Merlin captioned his update: ‘Ready as I’ll ever be. Tumour removal time,’ alongside an emoji of two champagne glasses clinking. Numerous people rushed to share their support for him in the comments underneath the photo, with First Dates waiter Grant Urquhart writing: ‘Good luck mate,’ with a heart emoji. ‘Sending you so much love,’ said Laura Tott, who also works as a waitress on the show, while former EastEnders star Adam Woodyatt also wished him luck. When Merlin first announced his diagnosis, he explained that he was maintaining a ‘positive outlook’, but admitted that he has a ‘morbid sense of humour’. He recalled the moment he told his daughter Alix, who was seven at the time and who he shares with his wife Lucille, that he had cancer, telling her that while it’s ‘very serious’, he thinks ‘it should be okay’. ‘She understands that people can die but I told her cancer comes in different varieties and in different ways too – and that many people come through it,’ he said. First Dates airs Thursdays at 10pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : First Dates star Merlin Griffiths shares cancer update from hospital bed ahead of surgery MORE : First Dates barman Merlin Griffiths prepares for ‘robotic’ bowl cancer surgery: ‘Three weeks to get my s**t together’ 