Chris Pine has joked that getting an iPhone stopped him reading, and it seems that Chris Pine is all of us. The Hollywood actor, 41, has admitted that getting the hand-held device has impacted his time spent with Austen, but has massively upped his knowledge on Kim Kardashian’s dating life – something he now knows ‘everything’ about. You win some, you lose some. The Star Trek actor also revealed that he only recently upgraded to an iPhone after he’d used a simple ‘flip phone’ for years. He added that he thinks smartphones are ‘really bad’ for us, and says that the thought of using Wordle or TikTok makes him want to ‘vomit’. Oh, the sweet sweet innocence of being a luddite. Speaking on the Happy Sad Confused podcast, Chris said: ‘I had a flip phone for three or four years, and I just got an iPhone because I felt pummelled by how difficult being analog was. ‘It was very difficult, but, having just got this crack machine – it’s really bad. These things are really, really, really bad. ‘I may immediately go back to a flip phone. I don’t know if I can handle [an iPhone] – I don’t know if my soul can handle it. ‘I used to read so many books – I was just murdering these books… 15 books in like, three months.’ The actor, who’s currently starring in The Contractor, as ex-Green Beret James Harper, also opened up about how his iPhone has impacted his knowledge of pop culture. He said that since he got the device, he could ‘tell you everything about Pete Davidson and Kim Kardashian’, but ‘couldn’t tell you a f****** thing about literature’. He emphasised: ‘I can’t tell you a thing about it’. Come on Chris, time to get back into some Henry James. The podcast’s host Josh Horowitz also told him that he can now ‘play Wordle’ and ‘go on TikTok’, to which Chris replied: ‘Ugh… f*** you… I just want to vomit’. Meanwhile, the star has opened up about taking ballet classes. He might not be a fan of TikTok, but opening up to People magazine recently, Chris revealed he’s taken up dance classes, explaining: ‘I love it, I wish I’d done it years ago’. Chris, who has starred as Captain James T. Kirk in the reboot film series of Star Trek three times since 2009, added: ‘It’s an incredible workout. I just find it so beautiful because you have to be so strong and kind of masculine, so to speak, but also very gentle and feminine with your arms and your hands. It’s just a very difficult art form.’ MORE : Will Smith ‘wasn’t formally asked to leave the Oscars’ after shocking Chris Rock slap MORE : Chris Rock ‘stopped police from arresting Will Smith’ after Oscars slap, says producer 