Russia’s ambassador to the UK has accused the government of attempting to escalate the war in Ukraine. His comments come after it emerged an advanced anti-aircraft missile supplied by Britain has been used to shoot down a Russian helicopter for the first time. The diplomat reiterated the Kremlin’s threats that British arms deliveries to Ukraine will be considered legitimate targets and convoys could be attacked by Russia. The Ministry of Defence has confirmed a Starstreak launcher successfully fired a rocket at an attack helicopter in Luhansk, one of a cache of arms sent to Ukrainian forces in recent months. Moscow’s man in London has reacted furiously to the news, telling a Russian news agency that ‘the British leadership are aimed at aggravating the situation, at further escalation’. He directly criticised the defence secretary and accused the government of displaying ‘an unwillingness to work in favor of a settlement’. Andrey Kelin told TASS: ‘Any arms supplies are destabilizing, especially those mentioned by Ben Wallace. ‘They aggravate the situation, make it even more bloody. These seem to be new, quite high-precision weapons. ‘Of course, they will be legitimate targets for our Armed Forces if they cross the border of Ukraine.’ The comments come a day after the Kremlin signalled it would strengthen its border with Europe, teeing up the potential for further miltiarisation along the continent’s eastern flank. Spokesperson Dmitry Peskov on Friday said Russia would strengthen its western borders so that ‘it wouldn’t cross anyone’s mind to attack’. The UK has previously sent military experts to Ukraine to train soldiers on how to operate the Starstreak missile system. Unlike conventional surface-to-air rockets, the British-designed weapons require an operator on the ground to guide the missile towards its target, making it more accurate and more difficult to evade. An industry source told The Times: ‘It really is a step change in the capability of Ukrainians because its range is far greater. ‘It’s absolutely lethal and you can bring down anything from a MiG to battle helicopters — and it’s incredibly accurate.’ Mr Wallace has echoed the sentiment of other leading defence and intelligence figures this week who have claimed the Russian president is running out of friends and ideas. The Kremlin seemingly envisioned a rapid victory in Ukraine but have found themselves bogged down and having to abandon operations around the capital in order to bolster the attempted annexation of the Donbas region. In an interview with Sky News, he said: ‘President Putin is not the force he used to be. He is now a man in a cage he built himself. MORE : Putin ‘running out of missiles’ because all the parts are made in Ukraine ‘His army is exhausted, he has suffered significant losses. The reputation of this great army of Russia has been trashed. ‘He has not only got to live with the consequences of what he is doing to Ukraine, but he has also got to live with the consequences of what he has done to his own army. ‘We have seen it before. It always gets worse. It goes for more civilian attacks, more civilian areas.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.