Step into Paul Stanley Wilson’s home in Phoenix, Arizona, and you’ll instantly figure out his favourite decade. Yep, he’s a fan of the 50s, and has transformed his house into a glorious ode to the era. The post-war fan, 58, avoids using modern tech such as mobile phones and computers, instead preferring to fork out for vintage memorabilia, including a 70-year-old sofa, a pink rotary phone, and even an original television set from the time. He also dresses in vintage clothes and even cooks using old-school appliances. Paul said: ‘I’m obsessed with the era because I loved all the old films as a child. ‘I was a huge fan of Dorris Day movies and anything which had Lucile Ball in. ‘There is something about the clothing of this time that I really admire – the formality of men who wore suits and the women who wore fancy hats. ‘I think that a lot of people are fascinated with the time period that preceded their lifetime and I love the mid-century because I missed the entire thing and want to relive it. ‘I’m fascinated by the era’s furniture and the way everything was designed – I never thought I could have that stuff till I realised there are thrift and vintage stores that sell the real stuff.’ Paul estimates he has spent £10,000 making his home a 50s time capsule. But while he loves living a ‘simpler’ retro life, he says he’s grateful he never had to actually live through the 1950s. ‘I like that I can pick and choose things that I want to take from that era – a lot of people say they would love to go back but they I don’t think they really would. ‘Barely anything in my house is contemporary, I want to keep most of my house in the mid-century theme. ‘I’m a huge fan of dressing this way too – I love the class and formality of the style so I wear the dinner jackets and bow-ties. ‘When I have visitors, people always say it’s like walking into a film set – I’ve even had people say it looks like the set from The Jetsons!’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What a £350,000 average house price means for first-time buyers MORE : The Fit List: Give yourself a boost with natural alternatives to wellness buys MORE : This house is 8ft wide – but that isn’t the most intriguing thing about it