A father-of-four was ‘effectively executed’ in a London park after being mistaken for someone else, a court has been told. Dean Edwards was gunned down two years ago as he walked back from a pub towards Anerley station. The 43-year-old suffered ‘catastrophic injuries’ after being shot through the back of the head in Betts Park, Penge, in the early hours of July 12, 2020. Taylor Purdy, 26, of Dulwich, south-east London, denies murdering him. But the prosecution claim he is the man shown in CCTV footage taken near the park before and after the killing. Speaking at the Old Bailey, prosecutor Julian Evans QC said: ‘Given the circumstances in which Dean Edwards met his death – shot once to the back of his head as he walked through Betts Park on his own, late at night – there can be no doubt, say the prosecution, that he was murdered. ‘The shooting involved the deliberate, targeted discharge of a firearm at an unarmed man from behind. It was effectively an execution killing.’ Suggesting the victim was simply ‘in the wrong place at the wrong time’, Mr Evans also highlighted two theories about why Mr Edwards was targeted. ‘As to the shooting itself, it may be that it was a case of mistaken identity’, he said. ‘In other words, the gunman, waiting in Betts Park, meant to shoot someone that he mistook Dean Edwards for. ‘Alternatively, it may be that the shooting was motivated by the need to make some sort of “statement” in the Penge area and that it did not matter who got shot. ‘Either way, the shooting appears to have taken place within the context of other issues, other rivalries or conflicts, none of which concerned Dean Edwards.’ Mr Edwards was walking alone when he was shot. The jury told that he jury was told that ‘in all likelihood’ the gun was a self-loading pistol, with a 9mm cartridge case found close to the body just off a path. A fired 9mm bullet was retrieved during the post-mortem examination. Mr Evans said: ‘In all likelihood, the man who shot him – the gunman – must have been lying in wait somewhere inside Betts Park. ‘From the evidence, it would appear that the gunman must have seen Dean Edwards and then approached him from behind before shooting him. He did so, apparently, without any warning. ‘It would appear that Dean Edwards was completely oblivious to the presence of the gunman and to the threat that man posed. Mr Edwards had no opportunity to react.’ The jury was told that DNA evidence links Purdy to a cigarette butt found in a residential street near Betts Park, and CCTV footage in the local area was recovered. He accepted that he smoked cigarettes but not every day and said he did not know why a cigarette butt bearing his DNA had been found in the area. During his police interview Purdy denied any involvement in the shooting, and denied being the man on CCTV in the vicinity of Betts Park and the surrounding area on the night of July 11 and into the early hours of the following day. He denied any involvement in the murder, adding that he had no issue with anyone from the Penge area and did not know Mr Edwards. Purdy said he may have been out with friends in a car on the night of the murder and claimed that he was not in Betts Park. The trial continues, with the hearing adjourned to Thursday at 10.30am. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : CCTV captures terrifying moments before Amir Khan was robbed at gunpoint