A 10-year-old gymnast killed in the Russian siege of Mariupol has been remembered as an ‘angel’ by Ukraine’s federation for the sport. Kateryna Dyachenko was described as a ‘kind-hearted, smiley, smart and ambitious’ talent who fell victim to Moscow’s ‘horrific’ onslaught on the city. Kateryna, regarded as a future Olympian, died in an apparent artillery strike on her family home in the port on Ukraine’s south-eastern coast. A spokesperson for the Ukrainian Gymnastics Federation told Metro.co.uk: ‘We are empty after such a horrific and unfair loss. ‘Kateryna and her family tragically died in Mariupol due to the atrocious invasion of the Russian army in Ukraine. ‘We must emphasize that this loss is all on the hands of Russian soldiers who came to our country and destroyed so many lives.’ The representative spoke as Human Rights Watch highlighted the dire humanitarian conditions in Mariupol. Up to 130,000 residents are thought to be trapped as the Russian bombardment continues in the sixth week of the invasion. Kateryna, shown smiling brightly after triumphs at competitions, had been at home with her parents and brother as the city came under aerial attack. According to Ukrainian social media channels, she died along with her father when a shell hit their home. Her mother and brother survived but were then said to have been killed when a hospital they were taken to was also bombed by Russian forces. ‘Kateryna was a kind-hearted, smiley, smart and ambitious young girl,’ the spokesperson said. ‘She was one of the talented young girls preparing to compete in the traditional rhythmic gymnastics event, the Deriugina Cup. ‘But for some reason, Russia decided to end the life of this angel and her family, taking away all their dreams, their future and their house. ‘We are terrified of the situation of other girls from our gymnastics family who are still hiding in the bombshells in the cities all over our dear Ukraine. ‘We still have no connection with some of our coaches and judges. ‘Kateryna will always be in our hearts, we will never forget her and her family. And we will never forgive these horrors which all Ukrainian people came through for the past 41 days.’ The 26th Deriugina Cup was supposed to have taken place between March 13 and 16 in Kyiv, before the war led to its cancellation. The competition would have honoured the 90th birthday of Albina Deriugina, the founder of the Ukrainian Rhythmic Gymnastics School. The federation remains deeply concerned about others in the gymnastics community across Ukraine. The spokesperson said: ‘We still have athletes, coaches and judges in other cities  occupied by the Russians, in the Chernihiv, Kherson and Kyiv regions. ‘A few days ago, with the help of the Ukrainian federation and local coaches, a bus of kids from the port city of Berdyansk were safely moved to the west part of Ukraine, which is safer for the moment. ‘And we hope that liberation of the Kyiv region will also make it possible for some of our colleagues to be safe or to leave for safer places. We cannot even imagine what people in those areas feel right now, as due to the evidence from Bucha, Irpin and Hostomel, it was a nightmare and hell.’ Kateryna’s death was confirmed by her coach, Anastasia Meshchanenkova, in a post on Instagram two weeks ago. The trainer said that a bomb which hit the family home had caused a wall to fall on Kateryna, ‘in front of her mother’s eyes’. The pair had spent their final training session preparing for the cup. The young talent’s last words to her coach were, ‘thanks for the workout’. Mariupol has been pounded by Russian forces, who have reduced virtually the entire city to ruins. Residential areas have been left devastated, with people reduced to sheltering in basements amid shortages of food, water and running water. Ida Sawyer, of Human Rights Watch, told Metro.co.uk today that the city remains of huge concern as the international glare focuses on alleged war crimes by Russian forces around Kyiv. ‘We are still extremely concerned about the situation in Mariupol,’ she said. ‘There is normally a population of around half a million people, with at least 100,000 to 130,000 residents estimated to still be trapped in the city. ‘It’s just been completely devastated and it’s still surrounded, people have almost no access to water, food and electricity and mobile phone and internet communications as the bombardment and fighting continue. ‘We are continuing to press for all sides to do what it takes to ensure people who want to leave can do so safely and for those who remain behind to have access to humanitarian aid and vital services.’ The UN has recorded 1,417 civilian deaths in Ukraine between the start of the invasion on February 24 and April 2. The true number is likely to be much higher, with a withdrawal by Russian troops from areas around Kyiv revealing mass graves, bodies left on the streets and evidence of war crimes. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.