We’re all looking for ways to save some cash where we can and choosing a new bank account could help you do just that. Most of us are probably familiar with switching fees, often offered as a bonus when you change current account providers. But now, one bank is offering a different kind of incentive – one that might be particularly appealing if you’re a Greggs fan (and who isn’t?) The new life-changing hack will give you the chance to satisfy your hankering for a tasty, flaky pastry treat for months, if not years – for free. By switching your current account to Virgin Money’s M Plus Account, you can get your hands on 100 free Greggs sausage rolls – and don’t worry, this includes the meat-free vegan roll as well. That’s almost one sausage roll every week for two whole years. So, how much does this equate to in financial terms? A sausage roll will now set you back £1.25 a piece, having recently risen in price due to a combination of inflation and a wheat supply that comes from Russia and Ukraine. This adds up to a grand total of £125 in free snacks. Unless, however, you’re a fan of bulk buying your pastries – in which case four cold sausage rolls will actually only set you back £3. Meaning that you could get 100 for the reduced price of £75. Virgin Money’s current account offer gives switchers (to both the Virgin Money M Plus Account and the Virgin Money Club M Account) 20,000 Virgin Points to spend with Virgin Red, which can be exchanged for 100 Greggs sausage rolls. However, if sausage rolls aren’t really your thing but exotic travel is, the good news doesn’t end there. The 20,000 Virgin Points can alternatively be used to pay part of the cost of return flights to places including Barbados, the Bahamas and St Lucia – as well as hundreds of other destinations. For example, at the moment, a return economy ticket to Barbados would cost you £317 (plus taxes and fees), in conjunction with the 20,000 points that you’d earn by switching accounts. The choice is yours – and there’s more. The points are redeemed with Virgin Red, the rewards club, and in exchange there are hundreds of options to choose from. Music lovers could snap up a Virgin Crosley record player or treat themselves to Sofar Sounds tickets. Or, for those in search of an experience, the points can be used to pay for VUE cinema tickets, three-course meals, and even an Astronaut Experience for two. It’s worth noting that some of the alternatives have extra costs associated. All things considered, the 100 completely free sausage rolls are still tempting, aren’t they? For more information on how to switch your current account and get your hands on cheaper flights to Barbados, the Bahamas or St Lucia, some tasty Greggs treats, or the full range of other rewards on offer, have a look here. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : A Greggs megastore is coming to Leicester Square MORE : What time does Greggs breakfast finish? MORE : Greggs superfan touring UK to eat a sausage roll in each of its 2,078 bakeries