Will Smith could have been arrested over his shocking Oscars slap, last month. The King Richard actor left Hollywood reeling when he stormed the stage at the ceremony, in LA, to confront Chris Rock over a joke he made at the expense of Jada Pinkett Smith. Questions were immediately raised on how the 53-year-old was allowed to remain in the venue, and able to collect his Oscar on stage shortly after the incident – with organizer Will Packer revealing that comedian Chris stopped the LAPD from arresting the star. According to reports, he was still at risk of getting in trouble with the law over the incident, as many in the star-studded audience could have asked for a ‘citizen’s arrest’ to be performed. It has been reported that, under California law, ‘a private person may arrest another for a public offense committed or attempted in his presence.’ However, TMZ states that no one in the audience asked to do that. The publication reports that people approached the one LAPD team member stationed at the Dolby Theatre on the night but, as the officer did not see the slap in person, they couldn’t make an arrest unless Chris gave them the okay, which he did not. LAPD sources reportedly said the officer was backstage when the slap – which is misdemeanor battery – occurred, and the only way he could make an arrest on his own is if it was committed in his presence. The officer approached Chris backstage to check if the Grown Ups actor wanted to press charges, but he declined. Oscars producer Will previously discussed the incident in an interview with Good Morning America, and explained that the police were ‘prepared’ to arrest him. ‘They were saying, you know, this is battery was the word they use in that moment,’ he said, according to ABC. ‘They said we will go get him; we are prepared. We’re prepared to get him right now. You can press charges. We can arrest him. ‘Chris was being very dismissive of these options. He was like, “No, I’m fine.” He was like, “No, no, no.”’ The Academy has since launched an investigation into the slap, with Will confirming his resignation from the body. ‘The list of those I have hurt is long and includes Chris, his family, many of my dear friends and loved ones, all those in attendance, and global audiences at home,’ he said in a statement. ‘I betrayed the trust of the Academy. I deprived other nominees and winners of their opportunity to celebrate and be celebrated for their extraordinary work. I am heartbroken. ‘I want to put the focus back on those who deserve attention for their achievements and allow the Academy to get back to the incredible work it does to support creativity and artistry in film. ‘Change takes time and I am committed to doing the work to ensure that I never again allow violence to overtake reason.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted LAPD for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rylan Clark lived with mum Linda after marriage split as he credits her with helping him through difficult year: ‘Couldn’t have done it without her’ MORE : Idris Elba flanked by wife Sabrina and daughter Isan at Sonic The Hedgehog 2 premiere 