Former US president Donald Trump joked with one of his LGBT+ followers they ‘don’t look gay’. Mr Trump attended a fundraiser on Wednesday for Republican candidate John Gibbs, who is running to be Michigan representative. While speaking to a seemingly supportive crowd, someone shouted: ‘Gays for Trump!’ The 75-year-old asked: ‘Where’s Gays for Trump?’ before telling the person who put their hand up: ‘You don’t look gay’. The crowd then erupted into laughter. ‘We did great with the gay population as you know,’ Mr Trump added. Gays for Trump founder, and North Caroliner politician, Peter R Boykin told Newsweek the person in the crowd ‘probably wouldn’t look gay’ because that ‘look is a stereotype that fits more with leftist LGBTs’. Mr Boykin added: ‘Not saying some of us might look fabulous and “gay”, otherwise it was a suit and tie event.’ He went on to explain that Gays For Trump is against the ‘leftist agenda that has infiltrated the gay community’. Mr Boykin accused LGBT+ left-wingers of ‘pushing for the grooming of children in schools, teetering on pro-paedophilia topics’. He said: ‘This was a stereotype that was going on in the 1950s and I, and all others in our group, think all the rights that gays – on the left and right – worked hard for are in danger of being stripped away because of these child-endangering leftist agenda policies.’ More than double the number of LGBT+ people who voted for Donald Trump in 2016 voted for him in 2020, according to a previous exit poll conducted by the Eddison Research for the National Election Pool. Some 14% of the community voted for the Trump-Pence duo in the first election and this went up to 28% in the most recent one. This is despite multiple groups and activists accusing the pair of being homophobic. Boston-based LGBT+ health and research organisation Fenway Health said Trump’s term in office saw ‘more anti-LGBT+ policies enacted than any previous administration in history’. The report’s examples included ‘nominating judges for lifetime federal appointments who have expressed anti-LGBT+ sentiments’, ‘limiting existing nondiscrimination provisions’, ‘implementing a ban on transgender troops’ and more. Mr Trump was at the fundraiser to show his backing for Mr Gibbs, who is challenging Michigan’s current representative Peter Meijer on August 2. Mr Meijer is one of the 10 Republicans who voted to impeach Trump on January 13 last year, after the January 6 Capitol riots. Misspelling Mr Meijer’s name, Mr Trump wrote: ‘Meyer has been a terrible representative of the Republican Party and beyond. ‘John Gibbs is a fabulous talent who loves the State, our military and our vets.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 