Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins was honored in an emotional tribute at the Grammys following his death. The drummer died last month at the age of 50, with his bandmates – Dave Grohl, Nate Mendel, Chris Shiflett, Pat Smear, and Rami Jaffee – confirming the news. In poignant scenes, he was remembered for his talent during the ceremony, held at MGM Grand Garden Arena. The tribute opened with a voice, presumably a Foo Fighters member, saying: ‘He’s the best drummer in the world, we love him so much.’ Video clips and photos of Hawkins from his time with the band and from his younger years then appeared on-screen. A full in memoriam segment then acknowledged the other musical talents who have died in the past year. The Foo Fighters won three awards at the ceremony and were due to take to the stage at the arena, but pulled out over Hawkins’ death. A note on the Recording Academy website read: ‘Foo Fighters will no longer perform at the 2022 Grammys, although a tribute to Taylor Hawkins will take place.’ Hawkins died last month and was found in his hotel room in Colombia, during the group’s tour. ‘The Foo Fighters family is devastated by the tragic and untimely loss of our beloved Taylor Hawkins,’ the rockers wrote on social media at the time. ‘His musical spirit and infectious laughter will live on with all of us forever. ‘Our hearts go out to his wife, children and family, and we ask that their privacy be treated with the utmost respect in this unimaginably difficult time.’ In a later statement, the band also confirmed that they will be cancelling all upcoming tour dates in the wake of Hawkins’ death. ‘It is with great sadness that Foo Fighters confirm the cancellation of all upcoming tour dates in light of the staggering loss of our brother Taylor Hawkins,’ they said. ‘We’re sorry for and share in the disappointment that we won’t be seeing one another as planned. ‘Instead, let’s take this time to grieve, to heal, to pull our loved ones close, and to appreciate all the music and memories we’ve made together. With love, Foo Fighters.’ Hawkins’ death is currently being investigated, with a statement released by the Colombian attorney general’s office on Twitter claiming he had ‘10 different substances in his system’ at the time of his death. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Grammys: The best and most controversial performances in history from Lady Gaga’s eggcellent entrance to Nicki Minaj’s exorcism MORE : 23 of the most iconic Grammys red carpet outfits 