Prince Andrew will be absent from the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations and phased out of royal events if Prince Charles and William get their way, a royal expert has suggested. The Duke of York took centre stage at a memorial service held for his father Prince Philip on Tuesday, when he accompanied the Queen to Westminster Abbey and leant her an arm as she walked to her seat. The move has reportedly led some in the royal family to accuse the disgraced prince of trying to worm his way back into the limelight following his sex scandal. His brazen appearance at the service was seen by some as an attempt to ‘test the water’ of the public’s reaction ahead of the Queen’s celebrations in June. However, both Prince Charles and Prince William are said to be vehemently against any involvement of his in the festivities. ‘I don’t expect we will see Prince Andrew appear in the near future – if ever again,’ royal expert Richard Fitzwilliam told The Mirror. ‘He won’t play any kind of role in the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, of that I think we can be quite sure. ‘Prince Charles and William will be totally opposed to it, it’s a non-starter.’ Mr Fitzwilliam added his prominence at the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial was the monarch ‘allowing him to physically support her after she supported him’. Prince Andrew has kept a low profile since paying a reported £12 million settlement to accuser Virginia Giuffre to avoid going to trial – despite previously vowing to fight the allegations in court. He has always strenuously denied accusations he sexually abused her and claimed he had no recollection over ever meeting Ms Giuffre. Recent days have seen the Duke of York and his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson named in a High Court case involving a Turkish millionairess and a businessman based in London. Nebahat Isbilen, 77, claimed Selman Turk tricked her into giving Prince Andrew £750,000 ‘by way of payment for assistance’ with getting a passport. The royal repaid the sum after she claimed to have been scammed, according to documents. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.