Six hospitals are warning people to stay away from their emergency departments except for ‘genuine, life-threatening situations’ A surge in patient numbers across West Yorkshire and Harrogate in North Yorkshire has left some patients waiting up to 12 hours for treatment. The NHS trusts, covering an area of more than 2.5 million people, said the current pressures have left them with no choice but to prioritise patients with acute illness or injuries. Recent figures from A&Es in West Yorkshire show a 14.2% increase in attendance compared to the same time last year. Dr Andrew Lockey, an emergency medicine consultant at Calderdale Royal Hospital in Halifax, said it’s ‘really important’ people only come to A&E if they really need to. ‘Our hospitals are extremely busy, and people are having to wait a long time to be seen,’ he added. ‘Over the past two weeks we’ve faced huge challenges with the sharp uplift in the number of people attending accident and emergency. ‘This places additional pressure on our teams who are responsible for treating patients with serious and life-threatening conditions. ‘If you are unwell and are unsure which healthcare service you need, call NHS 111. ‘A highly trained clinical adviser will direct you to the most appropriate service.’ It comes as the South Central Ambulance Service – which covers Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, Oxfordshire and Hampshire – declared a critical incident due to extreme pressure earlier this morning. ‘Our staff are working extremely hard to respond to calls and manage the situation and we continue to prioritise those patients with life-threatening injuries and illnesses,’ it said on Twitter. ‘Declaring a critical incident means we are able to focus our resources on those patients most in need and communicates the pressure we are under to our patients and health system partners.’ The ambulance service issued a similar request, urging people to only call 999 in a life-threatening or serious emergency. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.