A cocktail inspired by Ukraine’s president has gone global to support refugee aid efforts. The ‘Zelenskyy’ was created by Jane Millichip in her kitchen in Stroud, and is now being served as far and wide as American states such as Connecticut. She created the blue and yellow themed cocktail, complete with F*ck Putin vodka, to show solidarity with Ukraine. It features a lemon peel fashioned into a ‘dove wing of peace’. Jane told Metro.co.uk: I worked in television but on the side was mad keen on mixology and have been for years. ‘People I know at a wonderful distillery in Penzance had already made a F*** Putin vodka for charity and I’d bought a few bottles, so I started to think of a new way to pay that forward. ‘I had experimented a bit to get the yellow and blue before settling on the lemon. ‘I’d made one version with eggnog to make it yellow, but it tasted terrible. The only person I’d advise drinking it would have been Putin himself.’ Jane, who works in television, started to spread the word about the finalised cocktail to friends in the industry – and her recipe soon transcended borders. She hopes more bars will consider stocking the drink to help bolster the amount raised. The Zelenskyy is described as  ‘a riff on a French 75’ and features vodka, blue curacao, maraschino liqueur, lemon juice, sugar syrup and a dash of champagne. But would would the cocktail’s namesake think of the mix? ‘I think he’d like it,’ Jane added. ‘I think he would have a mischievous side.’ The drink has been added to menus across the world, from Bar Limon in Worcestershire to The Villlage Wheel in the US. Money raised from each purchase goes toward the UN Refugee Agency and Unicef, with Jane hoping more bars will sign up to sell the cocktail. As a bonus, the cocktail can be paired with a bar snack of Sala – which is a Ukrainian national dish of cured pork. This isn’t the first time Jane has combined her love of booze with fundraising efforts. Previously, she launched Milli’s Covid Cocktail Clinic to raise money for her local foodbank. She said: ‘Going through lockdown I started to fundraise through the means of mixology.  Everyone was so miserable, and that was when we weren’t even allowed to buy wine at the supermarket. ‘Everyone’s cupboards were a bit depleted so people would send me the remnants of what they had and I’d send back a recipe.’ When restrictions allowed, she even took to making cocktails on people’s doorsteps complete with a full butler outfit and moustache stuck onto her mask. For the exact recipe and technique for the Zelenskyy, message Jane on Instagram. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.