Two women calling themselves ‘Grannies For The Future’ glued themselves to a table during a council meeting. Giovanna Lewis and Annie Webster, both aged 64, burst into a meeting of Dorset Council to protest about climate change. The pair wore t-shirts reading ‘No oil drilling’ and attempted to read out a statement before a councillor snatched the paper from the hands of one of the demonstrators. They were ‘booed, heckled and even jostled’ by some of the more than 70 councillors in attendance, according to reports. Members had been debating a motion about fossil fuel and nuclear planning applications in the county at the time. They were labelled ‘anarchists’ by one councillor following the incident and were spoken to by police. But they have stood by their actions and said dramatic action is needed avoid climate disaster. Ms Lewis said: ‘People are not taking this seriously enough, including Dorset Council, virtually all the world experts agree we have two or three years to take decisive action on climate, after that it will be too late. ‘If they are serious about their climate and ecological emergency declaration, to pass Clare Sutton’s motion would have been an easy thing to do. ‘By voting against it Dorset Council has lost a small, but important chance, to lobby for change. ‘If we are ever going to stop climate change we need to be able to stop planning applications for oil and gas, so we were very cross they didn’t do that. ‘Every day millions of pounds of taxpayers’ money is used to subsidise the nuclear and oil industries when we could be diverting that money into renewable energy. ‘We decided to make a stand and scream from the rooftops this wasn’t good enough.’ Councillors were ushered into another room to continue their meeting and cameras broadcasting the event were stopped at the moment the pair entered the chamber at County Hall, Dorchester. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.