*Warning, graphic images below!* A man finally has his 10-year-old mucus removed from his nose in Quest Red’s gruesome upcoming episode of Stuck. Previous scenes of the toe-curling documentary saw a woman have a bullet pulled out of her back and another woman have a vibrator dislodged from her anus. This time around though, it’s Tony’s turn to have his sticky nasal polyps seen to. After years of suffering from breathing difficulties, things came to a head for Tony when he lost his sense of smell. And when he began feeling something flopping around inside his nose, he finally made the decision to seek medical attention to solve his issue once and for all. Luckily, physician Dr Daniel Carothers is on hand to give his new patient the nasal relief that he has been desperately craving. In an exclusive clip shared with Metro.co.uk, Dr Carothers begins by exploring Tony’s nasal passages with a small camera, where he immediately spots a big, swinging polyp hanging down his nose. ‘Very gradually the polyps will start heading down into the nose,’ he explains to the camera. ‘And it’ll just keep going forever. The polyps will literally come out of your nose.’ When examining Tony’s nose, Dr Carothers spots the first huge polyp hanging down the nose, extending way back down the nasal passage. Other little growths continue through Tony’s nose in a floppy and painful chain of polyps. Making the decision to remove them once and for all, Dr Carothers starts numbing Tony’s nose with a powerful decongestant that prevents it from bleeding during the procedure and the patient from feeling pain when the polyps will be removed. Using a small forceps that works like a small vacuum, he carefully pulls the first sticky polyp out and continues until he gets to a huge and swallowing tissue growth. ‘This is the main one,’ he comments. ‘I think it feels like flopping back and forth. It’s not growth, it’s just inflammatory swelling. That is something you can get throughout your sinuses.’ But, as Dr Carothers continues, prevention of future polyps is also important. ‘Anytime you have an obstruction, you can’t just assume it’s a polyp, you need to get it checked out,’ he warns. ‘There are certain types of masses that are called papillomas. This type of polyp has a chance of turning into cancer at some point in your life. ‘These papillomas can be quite serious and have to be surgically removed.’ Despite most of the polyps being removed, Tony and Dr Carothers aren’t out of the woods just yet. As a result of his nasal issues, Tony also suffers from an incredible amount of mucus lodged up his nose and his sinus on the left cheek side has failed to drain following the polyp removal, causing a gigantic, ball of jelly mucus to become stuck. In full view of the nasal camera, Dr Carothers sucks what seems like an endless white rope of putrid mucus from Tony’s nose. ‘This was never going to come out on its own,’ he comments. ‘Getting that floppy thing out was incredibly satisfying! And you know, it’s no longer stuck so he’s going to feel great.’ Eventually, the rope of mucus reaches its end, with Dr Carothers successfully sucking it free from Tony’s nasal passage. Feeling better already, no one is more thankful than Tony himself, who can look forward to breathing easy once again. ‘You were right, I shouldn’t be nervous about it, not at all,’ he says to the nurse and he leaves the hospital. Hopefully, there’ll be no more polyps on the horizon. Stuck airs weekly at 10pm on Tuesdays on Quest Red, and stream on discovery+ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 