The Night Tube will return to the Jubilee line next month, followed by the Picadilly and Northern lines later this summer, it has been confirmed. Weekend services currently run for 24 hours on the Victoria and Central lines but have been severely disrupted by strikes. Further walk-outs are still planned through to June, spelling chaos for the additional Jubilee night services due to start on May 21. Start dates have not been announced for the Picadilly and Northern line night tubes, prompting speculation that transport bosses are hoping to ride out the current wave of industrial actions first. Transport for London (TfL) admitted it needs to hire new staff or retrain existing workers to to ‘address resourcing issues’ on those two lines, but did not say when the training will get underway. A number of closures for engineering works, including the Bank branch of the Northern line, are also said to be delaying the return. TfL insisted it is running a ‘normal’ service on the Victoria each weekend and a ‘regular’ service on the Central line, but did not elaborate on what those terms mean. Nick Dent, London Underground’s Director of Customer Operations, said: ‘The return of Night Tube on the Jubilee line, along with the Piccadilly and Northern lines later in the summer, will be a boost to the night-time economy and help our customers travel around London overnight at weekends. ‘London is a global destination and we are proud to be doing our part to help people to safely and enjoyably benefit from the best of its world-leading night-time economy.’ London’s mayor, Sadiq Khan, said: ‘I know this will make a big difference to many Londoners. ‘We hope to have further positive updates soon.’  This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.