A staggering half of all Muslim households in the UK will not have enough money to eat after fasting every day for this next month, an aid charity has estimated. The coronavirus pandemic and the war in Ukraine have hit the world with skyrocketing inflation and a lack of fuel supply. The UK is feeling the financial crisis hard, with an astronomical increase in energy bills coming into effect just yesterday – the same day the Muslim community started celebrating Ramadan. People all over the country will spend the next month fasting during daylight hours to commemorate what they believe is the month the Qur’an was revealed to the Prophet Muhammad. Traditionally, Muslim people will have one meal just before dawn (the suhoor) and one meal just after sunset (the iftar). But many households will not be able to afford these meals this month, Islamic Relief said. The non-governmental organisation (NGO) estimates 1.6 million Muslim people already live in poverty and deprivation in the UK – 50% of the country’s Muslim population. Comparatively, 18% of the population as a whole live in the same conditions. During Ramadan, Muslim people who can afford to give money make a religious donation to help other less well off – called Zakat. Islamic Relief’s partner charity, National Zakat Foundation (NZF), collects some of these payments and gives them out to those in need. Requests for help from NZF have soared by 70% over the last 12 months. Mum Bushra Begum told Sky News how her family is finding it difficult to make ends meet. They share a single room in a house filled with others like her, who all share a kitchen and a bathroom. Ms Begum said almost the entirety of her husband’s salary goes to paying their rent for their room and they have no idea how they are going to pay for electricity as it becomes more expensive. Despite the high price of their rent in east London, the family live with a hole behind their radiator – from which rats come out of. Ms Begum said: ‘They come in during the night. Not just one, two or three. I have no choice but to stay here.’ Islamic Relief has joined the multiple voices calling on the Government to do more to help families during this difficult financial year. The charity said: ‘Last week’s spring statement was an opportunity for the government to strengthen our social security systems and raise benefits payments to be, at least, in line with inflation. ‘Instead, they’ve been handed a real-term cut in their payments, and with inflation set to rise further this year, the cost of living crisis will become an emergency for the poorest families. ‘We urgently call on the UK government to review this decision and take the bold actions necessary to avoid pushing families into destitution. ‘This is especially important as Muslim families begin to observe the holy month of Ramadan. Many will be fasting from sunrise to sunset and there is a real risk that families will not have enough food or will go without to feed their children.’ Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng said on Friday: ‘While no government can control the global factors pushing up the cost of everyday essentials, we will absolutely act wherever we can to mitigate rising costs.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.