The Easter bank holiday weekend always means there’s plenty of chocolate scattered around the house. But if you’re bored of chocolate eggs on their own, a new recipe shows how to transform them into something new. Artisan Coffee Co has shared a recipe for using leftover Easter egg chocolate for an alternative tiramisu. The dessert is great for the whole family and can be easily whipped up if you’re having guests over – plus it looks aesthetically-pleasing as a centrepiece on the table. This recipe serves four and requires two smaller Easter eggs – so each person gets half as their portion. There’s also the option to decorate them however you choose – so if you have leftover mini eggs – or other sweet treats – you could top them with these, too. Ingredients: For the cream For the coffee mix Method: 1. Using the tip of a thin bladed knife, gently prise open your chocolate egg along the join to separate into two halves. Set aside to rest on foil nests. 2. To make the coffee mix, combine the coffee with 15g of sugar – mix well to dissolve and set aside. 3. Then to make the cream, crack the eggs – separating the whites from the yolk and place into two mixing bowls. Then combine the yolks and 50g of caster sugar and whisk for 2-3 minutes until thick and creamy and pale in colour. 4. After, add the softened mascarpone and rum then whisk together until smooth. Then add a tiny pinch of salt to the egg whites and whisk until stiff peaks form. 5. Following this, add 1/3 of the egg yolks to the mascarpone mix and, using a spatula, gently fold in the egg white mix. Add the remaining whisked egg whites and fold until fully incorporated; be careful not to over-mix and lose the lightness in the mix. 6. To assemble the tiramisu, cut the sponge fingers lengthways using a sharp knife, then one by one dip them through the coffee mix to soak for 10 seconds, or until moist and soft. 7. Then drain and place a layer of the soaked biscuits in the base of each half of the chocolate eggs. 8. Add a layer of the mascarpone mix, followed by a thin layer of grated dark chocolate. 9. Repeat with another layer of soaked sponge biscuits, cream and then level the top of the cream using a spatula. 10. Place the Easter egg halves in the fridge for at least 4 hours to set. Then remove from the fridge, cover with grated chocolate and dust with cocoa powder. Decorate with a few mini eggs before serving. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Try this adorable hot cross bunnies recipe for Easter MORE : Three great recipes for rhubarb season – if you’re unsure what to make with the ingredient MORE : Indulge with this quick and easy hot cross bun recipe