Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz have been spotted heading for a romantic brunch together following their wedding this weekend. The pair, who have been dating since 2019, tied the knot in a lavish ceremony on Saturday, with the glam affair believed to have cost around $3,000,000 (£2.3 million). David and Victoria Beckham’s firstborn Brooklyn, 23, and billionaire heiress Nicola, 27, went all-out with a star-studded guest list including the likes of Gordon Ramsay, Eva Longoria and Spice Girl legends Mel C and Mel B. While details and photos from their once-in-a-lifetime wedding have been kept closely under wraps so far, the newlyweds have already been spotted out and about as they begin their life as a married couple. On Sunday, Brooklyn and Nicola were seen arriving in style to brunch at the Peltz family’s sprawling Miami mansion, with Brooklyn driving a gorgeous classic car to visit his new in-laws. Relaxing in the passenger seat of the baby blue convertible was beauty Nicola, who had her blonde hair tied up with a white ribbon. Brooklyn meanwhile looked dapper in a cream suit, donning black glasses to protect his eyes from the Florida sunshine. Newlyweds Brooklyn and Nicola arrived at the mansion just minutes after celebrity couple Posh and Becks rolled up in a similar vintage car, with the Peltz and Beckham families ready to spend more quality time together. The Beckham families headed back to the sprawling tropical beach house on Sunday after spending most of Friday at the residence for the couple’s wedding rehearsal dinner. After the star-studded chaos that came with the wedding, Sunday’s brunch was a more toned-down affair – by celebrity standards – with a marquee set up in the gardens of the oceanfront estate. The weekend saw celebrities arrive in their droves to the massive affair, with the event even sparking a mini Spice Girls reunion as Scary and Sporty supported Victoria on the big day. Sadly though, fans didn’t get the full reunion they were hoping for, as Geri Halliwell, aka Ginger Spice, reportedly jetted to Australia with husband Christian Horner for the Formula One. Baby Spice Emma Bunton also confirmed that she wouldn’t be able to make it to see Brooklyn walk down the aisle on Saturday, sharing photos of the happy couple on Instagram. ‘These two beautiful souls are getting married today,’ the Baby Spice singer told fans. ‘I’m so sorry I couldn’t make it there to celebrate you both. ‘We Love you all very much. @victoriabeckham @davidbeckham try not to cry to much!! #happytears [sic].’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Prince Harry and Meghan Markle ‘snubbed’ from Brooklyn Beckham’s wedding to Nicola Peltz MORE : Brooklyn Beckham’s wedding to Nicola Peltz sparks mini Spice Girls reunion as Mel C and Mel B make star-studded guest list 