Family members of the six people who were shot to death early Sunday morning in downtown Sacramento are mourning the loss of their loved ones as law enforcement officials search for two suspected assailants. The shooting, which injured an additional 12 people, took place on a downtown strip packed with bars and nightclubs around 2am on Sunday. ‘Investigators are working to identify those responsible for this horrific act,’ Sacramento Police Chief Katherine Lester said Sunday afternoon. ‘We know that a large fight took place just prior to the shootings. And we have confirmed that there are multiple shooters.’ Lester said that three men and three women died in the shootings. The youngest of the victims, Johntaya Alexander and Yamile Martinez-Andrade, were both 21-years-old. The oldest victim, Melinda Davis, was 57, The Los Angeles Times reported. Also identified by the Sacramento County Coroner were Joshua Hoye-Lucchesi, 32; Devazia Turner, 29; and Sergio Harris, 38. Family members of some of the deceased have spoken out about their loved ones who were killed in the shooting. Sergio Harris, was remembered by family as father of two, who was loved by everyone. An area activist, Stevante Clark, confirmed Harris’ death to The Sacramento Bee. Clark, who said he used to party with Harris, spoke of how Harris frequented the nightclubs on that area frequently. ‘He was always the life of the party. He was so loved. Honestly, you don’t find anyone say a bad thing about him,’ Clark told the paper. The father of DeVazia Turner was working security in the Bay Area when he got word from family that his 29-year-old son was among the victims. ‘He was out just having fun with his friends,’ Frank Turner told FOX40. Frank Turner said he knows his son with was family at the time of his death. ‘They were cousins . . . Sergio and DeVazia were cousins,’ he said. California Governor Gavin Newsom called the shooting ‘yet another horrendous act of gun violence’ and said that his administration is working with local and state law enforcement to assess the situation. At least one handgun — later discovered to be stolen — was recovered from the downtown district following the shooting. Hours after the shooting, President Joe Biden called for stricter gun laws. ‘Ban ghost guns,’ he said. ‘Require background checks for all gun sales. Ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. Repeal gun manufacturers’ immunity from liability.’ ‘We equally mourn for those victims and families who do not make national headlines,’ Biden said. ‘But we must do more than mourn; we must act.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.