The Ramsays are in town for Brooklyn Beckham’s Florida wedding. It’s set to be a family affair for Gordon Ramsay as he was spotted landing at Miami International Airport on Thursday with his wife Tana and kids Holly, Tilly and Oscar after they jetted into the city for Brooklyn and Nicola Peltz’s special day. The couple are set to get married in a luxury $3million (£2.3m) ceremony at Palm Beach over the weekend, and the TV chef – who has been friends with the groom’s parents David and Victoria Beckham for a long time now – has arrived. Gordon and Tana were seen at the airport with their daughters Holly, 22, and Tilly, 20, and three-year-old son Oscar, with everyone looking quite awake and cheery despite the long flight. Everyone had kept it casual for the trip, with Gordon sporting a dark T-shirt and black pants, while they were all dressed for comfort. They’re not the only famous faces joining in the nuptials, with Snoop Dogg revealing he will be performing a DJ set on the night. ‘David has been my boy for over 10 years now and I am tight with his family,’ the rapper told the Mirror. ‘Brooklyn’s wedding is going to be a big affair and my gift to him and his wife-to-be is I will come down and do a set for them on their big day. ‘Nothing is going to get the party started after the first dance like a set from Snoop… the dance floor is gonna be on fire.’ Brooklyn’s brothers Romeo and Cruz will be best men, with sister Harper as a bridesmaid, his dad David will be Master of Ceremonies, and Nicola’s older brother – ice hockey player Brad Peltz – will be man of honour. Besides the family, Madonna’s son Rocco Ritchie, who grew up with Brooklyn, model Gigi Hadid, family friend Eva Longoria, and Nicole Richie are also expected to attend the big day. VB’s BFF Eva said she and Victoria will be wearing ‘coordinating gowns’, as she explained on People (The TV Show!): ‘I just go into her closet normally, and go, “I need a dress.” ‘ Being good friends with David, American football legend Tom Brady is expected to be in attendance with supermodel wife Gisele Bundchen. It’s also believed that a Spice Girl reunion could be on the cards, as Emma Bunton, Mel B, Mel C, and Geri Horner are all said to have been invited. Mel B recently let slip that she was definitely going during an appearance on Lorraine, saying: ‘I’m going to see her [Victoria] at her son’s wedding anyway.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : When did Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz start dating and get engaged? MORE : What does Brooklyn Beckham do for a living? 