Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are being protected by five bodyguards at the week-long Invictus Games, including by one who worked for former US president Barack Obama. Security has long been an issue for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who were stripped of the taxpayer-funded, round-the-clock armed guards when they quit royal life in 2020. The couple was given ‘VVIP’ (very very important person) status at the event for wounded war veterans in the Netherlands and are being protected by local police and members of the Dutch royal protection unit. As they arrived for day two of the games yesterday, the Sussexes were flanked by security guards, all wearing earpieces and keeping a watchful eye. However, there was no sign of any firearms visible among them. Harry and Meghan drove to the athletics arena at the Zuiderpark in The Hague with a member of the security team, before the pair walked in holding hands. A Land Rover travelling behind contained the other bodyguards, including ex-Secret Service agent Christopher Sanchez, the Sun reports. Mr Sanchez spent a total of five years protecting presidents George W Bush and Mr Obama. Before joining the presidential service, he spent 21 years in national security and is now a leading light at two high-profile US firms. It is unclear whether the couple are the ones paying for Mr Sanchez’s services and whether their friend Mr Obama recommended him. The Sussexes’ heightened protection at the games comes after Harry brought a claim against the Home Office over its refusal to allow him to pay for police protection for his family. The couple and their two children Archie and Lilibet currently live in California but the duke wants access to police security when visiting the UK. Despite concerns over security, Meghan and Harry, who have not been to Europe since 2020, travelled to the UK on Thursday to visit the Queen. It has been reported they also saw Prince Charles while they were at Windsor Castle. Their secret trip comes just weeks after Harry stayed away from Prince Philip’s memorial service in London’s Westminster Abbey, amid the legal battle. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.