Welcome back to How I Made It, Metro.co.uk’s weekly career journey series. Last week we looked at the eccentric career of Willard Wigan, a miniature sculptor, and this week we’re keeping it arty – but within the world of makeup. Dominic Skinner, 44, who is a senior artist with MAC Cosmetics, has done it all. Now a known face, partly down to being a judge on BBC makeup show, Glow Up, Dominic has a raft of followers who keenly watch his makeup tip videos and comedic comments on beauty. Initially wanting to be an artist – and admitting he had a romantic view of being a poor artsy type in Paris ‘with no heating or windows’ – he then found fashion, and later, beauty. He tells Metro.co.uk: ‘I knew I wanted to be in the arts and have a creative career in some aspect, but if you’re at school and you show signs of creativity, they don’t know what to do with you. ‘The school system isn’t set up for “individuals” and “creatives”. So I learnt very early on whatever I do in the future, it’s down to me. That created a level of self-reliance that’s helped me all the way through my career. ‘But even now, I still am waiting for someone to say “what are you doing here?” ‘Every single thing that’s happened, I’ve always stopped and thought !bloody hell, look at what we’re doing today!. ‘I soak it in and absorb it. I think it’s really important to do that no matter what you’re doing because tomorrow it could all be over. I never take anything for granted – it’s very easy to sit there and say “it’s just another day”.’ He’s come a long way from his days of hounding casting agencies, asking to use models when he couldn’t afford to pay them – and it’s incredibly inspiring. This is how he made it. Hey Dom. How did you get in beauty? I got into makeup quite late in comparison to the age of people getting into makeup today – I was in my mid-20s. I went to study costume design and then when I was in studios I’d use makeup to enhance the look I was trying to create, and then I got really into the makeup side of it. I then went to the London College of Fashion to do menswear, but had a change of heart just before I was due to start. My mum, being of Italian heritage, said you’re going to get a job if you’re not going to college. So I got a job at The Body Shop as a part-time Christmas temp. I thought great, I only have to do this until Christmas, but it turned out they had a makeup line and I had to learn to utilise it. I loved it and then I knew that was what I wanted to do. I transferred from menswear to makeup and then started studying. It was a happy accident. It never really occurred to me that was something I had to do. I was always hanging out with mum as my siblings are a lot older, and I’d watch her put on her makeup. It was the 80s so it was full diva, and I always remembered the emotional attachment makeup had on people, but I never thought of it as a career. When I was at college I started working with other students who did photography and fashion and that drove a lot of my early career. If someone else was doing a look book, I’d do the makeup for them. What early hurdles did you have to overcome? I realised early on I couldn’t use my friends as models in shoots and that I wouldn’t be able to use the images in my portfolio – there’s a reason you have friends and a reason you have models! So I thought: how do I get models as a student with no money, no reputation and no way in? I bombarded people with emails and phone calls until they just gave in and let me use their models. I’d only be able to pay them for their travel and lunch (then struggle to eat myself). Then I’d send them the photos and they’d be like, ‘these are actually good and we can use them for the websites’. What happened next? One agency called and said ‘we’ve given you lots of models so can you help us out’, just as I finished uni. I met this model and stylist and we got so many pictures done. So basically we then moved into this derelict building in Farringdon and kitted it out like a studio – we did that for about a year, doing makeup for editorial images. That enabled me to get a book I could take places and get credible responses from. I then got told about MAC Cosmetics and someone said I should get a part-time job there. It was great because I was earning money to put a roof over my head, but I was free to freelance. Similar to how you kept calling model agencies until someone relented, I got my first commission by persisting with an editor for weeks until she saw I wasn’t going to give up. Do you think that level of grit and perseverance is needed to make progress in creative industries? No one is that good at anything – there are people who are names in every industry who are recognisable, but actually they’re not necessarily good, they’re just louder, more persistent and are willing to put their hand up for longer. That’s how they get noticed. You yourself could have given up pestering that editor the day before, because you thought ‘I’m not getting anywhere’ – but the day you decided ‘one more go’, it’s that mentality that gets you anything in life. Are you willing to go that extra mile? Send the extra email, make the extra call… It’s not to do with talent. Perseverance is what makes a career. Did you ever work for free early on? I did a lot of free jobs. You never know who you’re going to meet and where that might lead. You have to work out what is the value of this – if it’s not money, is there something else? I know I wouldn’t be here now if I hadn’t done loads of free work at the beginning. Do you have to network a lot? To a degree – I’ve never been one to do much, because I’m the most anti-social person. If you told me there was an event with just cats, I’d be there, but a room full of people… I’d probably say no. But still invite me, because I’ll be really upset if not! One of the makeup artists I used to assist told me ‘your work will stand out and you don’t have to go to the parties’, because I was concerned I was missing out. After that I decided I wasn’t going to worry about it anymore. How did your career with MAC progress, given you’re now a global senior artist for the brand? I was on the shop floor for seven years, then doing shots, movies, fashion week and red carpet outside of that. Next I moved into the education department for two years, teaching new artists. I loved supporting the new artists coming in. After that I became a senior artist, and that was nine years ago. I still get really excited about the new things coming out. What’s some of the best advice you’ve been given? I remember saying to someone years ago that I didn’t know if I felt I was good enough. They turned around and said ‘darling, no one feels good enough, the difference is the people that make it say I’m just going to keep doing it until anyone tells me otherwise, and fact is no one will because they’re worried, too’. What do you love about the job, and what do you not love about it? It’s the same thing – that everyday is different and you can’t plan for it. It’s so spontaneous and makeup artists are problem solvers. It’s a double-edged sword. What makes the job amazing also makes it anxiety ridden. Everyone who doesn’t work in makeup looks down on makeup artists and thinks it’s just about makeup. No – you’re dealing with people, emotions, you learn to read a room really quickly, to navigate a room, how to turn something on when you have nothing in front of you. It’s also a job that enables you to not stop growing. There’s always something to learn and master, and it’s such a self-motivating industry. Do you have an interesting career journey? Email tanyel.mustafa@metro.co.uk to share your story. MORE : How I Made It: ‘I was told I’d amount to nothing – now I’m a famous sculptor’ MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m a costume maker for TV and London’s West End shows’ MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m one of the UK’s few courtroom artists, sketching out the biggest stars and stories’