I was doing my usual morning social media scrolling with a cup of coffee, mild hangover and bacon butty, when I came across an article. It was about how some primary schools in Brighton would stop using the term ‘parents’ to avoid discrimination against non-traditional families. I scrolled to the comments and expected to see the odd ‘too right’ or ‘about time!’ To my devastation, I was met with comments like ‘what a load of rubbish’ and ‘what is wrong with saying “parents”?’ I was born in September 1995 to newly-married parents, Chris and Gill. My dad, Chris, was a military man and in December of the same year, when I was four months old, he was sent abroad on duty. My mam, Gill, got a call from his captain the following March with bad news, and she flew to Germany to see her husband in intensive care. He suffered full body third degree burns because of an accidental fire at base camp. My mum held his hand and told him it was OK if he needed to go to sleep. He was 24, leaving behind his wife and little girl to face the future together. We would sing and dance in the living room, she would bathe me in the sink because I was scared of the bath and every night, I’d fall asleep in her arms. However, three days after I turned five, my beautiful mum took her own life. My best friend was no longer by my side, and I was spun into a world of grown-up conversations, feelings, confusion and ultimately, sadness. I was then brought up by my maternal grandmother, who is utterly fantastic. As a brand new orphan at school, things were immediately different. I remember vividly being asked to get my parents to sign a permission slip for an upcoming trip. I burst into heavy sobs and couldn’t formulate the words to explain that the word ‘parents’ broke my already fragile little heart. I felt alone, isolated, and empty. Little did I know that this was just the beginning of feeling like the only person in the world who didn’t have parents to sign their permission slips. I was starring in the Nativity just two months after my mam’s passing. We were told that we all must put on our best performances because our parents were coming to watch us. Mine weren’t, so whose parents was I putting on my best performance for? Yet again, the tears took over. I desperately wanted a cuddle from Mum. All I wanted, for the 13 years of schooling I faced as an orphan, was to feel seen and included. It was already a detaching experience as a five-year-old, but to constantly be reminded of what I didn’t have hurt me so much more. It was like I was constantly being poked with a stick. I felt like I had to grow up faster than others – almost like I was an adult before my time and had to be very mature very quickly. If teachers and adults around me had used a more inclusive term, like ‘grown-ups’ or ‘adults’ – something that doesn’t label who you’re being brought up by – I would have felt like I was in the right place Like I belonged and wasn’t an outcast. As I moved into further education and the workplace, there was a shift in attitude and tone towards parents. Instead of needing an adult to be responsible, it was me who was responsible. To be honest, being my own parent is harder than I like to admit – I do get it wrong sometimes. I have to, sometimes nervously, admit (to an extent) myself, but also to new colleagues or friends, that I can’t ask my dad to rescue me when the buses are off, or ask my mum the best way to make a sponge cake because they’re both dead. There are so many versions of what a family really is that the move for Brighton schools to remove the term parents can only be viewed as a positive – one that the rest of the country, world even, should uphold. The schools aren’t trying to eradicate the terms ‘Mum and Dad’ or ‘Parents’ for those that have them. What they are trying to do is make sure the children without parents, the children that are in the care system or the ones being brought up by their grandparents, siblings, aunts and uncles, feel included and aren’t forced to be reminded of situations and circumstances that are beyond their control. It would mean inclusivity – a luxury that I wasn’t afforded simply because I wasn’t brought up by my parents. It would put an end to the isolation that grieving kids so often feel, because they’d know they’re in the right place and know they’re being respected. Ultimately, dropping the term ‘parents’ would mean that those kids being brought up outside of the traditional family dynamic, and may already have a lot going on because of that, will be free of potentially triggering language and may be able to have a more positive school experience. I know it would have changed mine, and I just dearly hope that no more little girls have to be on their best behaviour for their Nativity in tears for parents who don’t exist. MORE : Baby boy orphaned after police officer parents take their own lives days apart MORE : Like Kate Garraway, I care for my partner 24/7 and it’s incredibly lonely MORE : Stress and anxiety cases are still on the rise despite the pandemic easing