Cristiano Ronaldo has returned to training with Manchester United following the death of his baby son. The 37-year-old and his partner, Georgina Rodriguez, revealed in October that they were expecting twins but announced this week that their newborn son had died during childbirth, while the daughter survived. Ronaldo was granted compassionate leave and played no part in United’s 4-0 defeat to Liverpool at Anfield on Tuesday evening. But the Portugal international was back at United’s training ground on Wednesday afternoon as the club prepare for their next Premier League game against Arsenal on Saturday. It has not been confirmed whether Ronaldo, who has scored 15 Premier League goals this season, will be available for the match against Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium. During the first half of United’s defeat to Liverpool, supporters from both sides held a minute’s applause as a tribute to Ronaldo and his partner. Both sets of players also wore black armbands during the game. Following the gesture from Liverpool, Ronaldo’s sister Elma shared footage of the tribute on her Instagram account with the message: ‘Thank you for this Liverpool. We will never forget what you did today.’ Ronaldo’s other sister, Katia, also shared the clip of Liverpool fans applauding and wrote: ‘Way beyond football.’ Speaking about the tribute after the game, Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said: ‘My moment of the game was the seventh minute when the whole stadium showed pure class, so many things are much more important in life than football. ‘We feel for Cristiano and his family. That was my moment of the game.’ In his statement announcing the news on Monday evening, Ronaldo wrote: ‘It is with our deepest sadness that we have to announce that our baby boy has passed away. ‘It is the greatest pain that any parents can feel. Only the birth of our baby girl gives us the strength to live this moment with some hope and happiness. ‘We would like to thank the doctors and nurses for all their expert care and support. We are all devastated at this loss and we kindly ask for privacy at this very difficult time. Our baby boy, you are our angel. We will always love you.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 