Prince Charles asked Jimmy Savile for PR advice following a blunder by Prince Andrew, a Netflix documentary has claimed. The future king wrote letters to the BBC TV personality, who is now known to have been a prolific sex offender, over a period spanning 20-years. During the course of the correspondence, the prince asked Savile for advice on how to make public visits, speeches and how the royal family should deal with incidents. In response, Savile appeared to take on the role of an unofficial adviser to the prince, even writing a ‘handbook’ for Charles. The prince went on to show some of the contents of Savile’s advice to the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh, documentary makers claim. The never before seen letters are revealed in the documentary, Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story, which is released on Netflix today. The documentary uses archive footage and material to explore how Savile was able to carry out his horrific abuse while projecting the image of being a talented TV personality and dedicated philanthropist. Savile used his charity work as a smokescreen to hide his prolific abuse of hundreds of vulnerable people. Following his death in 2011, aged 84, police investigated around 500 allegations of abuse dating from 1955 to 2009. Charles came into contact with Savile through his work with Stoke Mandeville Hospital, Buckinghamshire, during the 1980s. Rowan Deacon, the director of the Netflix documentary, gained access to dozens of letters sent between Charles and Savile between 1986 and 2006. In one letter written on January 14, 1987, Charles said to Savile: ‘Perhaps I am wrong, but you are the bloke who knows what’s going on. ‘What I really need is a list of suggestions from you. I so want to get to parts of the country that others don’t get to reach.’ In another, the heir to the throne asked Savile for advice on how the royal family should respond to PR blunders. The documentary makers allege this particular request followed Prince Andrew’s comments regarding the Lockerbie disaster. The tragedy saw a plane explode over Lockerbie on December 21, 1988, killing 259 people including 11 on the ground. However, when asked about the disaster in the following days the Duke of York appeared to show little empathy. He said: ‘I suppose statistically something like this has got to happen at some stage . . . Of course it only affects the community in a very small way.’ The documentary claims Savile wrote Charles a handbook for what to do following disasters which read: ‘Guidelines for members of the Royal Family and their staffs’. The in-depth document reportedly advised how the family, including the Queen, should respond. It made suggestions such as hiring ‘a special person with considerable experience in such matters’ and having an ‘incident room with independent phone lines’. Speaking to the Times, Rowan said: ‘It reignited a discussion about how the royal family should respond to disasters.’ ‘Jimmy Savile wrote this dossier, quite an in-depth document of advice, on how the Queen should behave and how members of the royal family should not be in competition with each other.’ In January 1989, Charles wrote to Savile appearing to tell him that he had shown some of his advice to the Queen and his father, the Duke of Edinburgh. ‘I attach a copy of my memo on disasters which incorporates your points and which I showed to my father. He showed it to HM,’ the prince wrote. Throughout the letters, the prince signed off his correspondence as ‘Charles’ and addressed Savile as ‘Jimmy’. On April 16, 1990, Charles, asked Savile for help with a speech he was making at London’s Guildhall. He wrote: ‘You are so good at understanding what makes people operate and you’re wonderfully sceptical and practical. ‘Can you cast an eye over this draft and let me know how you think we can best appeal to people?’ On July 4, following the speech, he is understood to have written again to Savile, thanking him for his assistance. From Highgrove House: ‘Dear Jimmy, I can’t tell you how grateful I am for the most useful assistance you have provided for my speech in the Guildhall the other day. ‘It was really good of you to take the trouble to put together those splendid notes and provide me with considerable food for thought. ‘Whether you think the final result is in any way worthwhile is another matter. With renewed and heartfelt thanks, Charles.’ At the time of Charles’ correspondence with Savile, the former Top of the Pops presenters’ crimes had not come to light. ‘He was duped, like we all were,’ Rowan told The Times. ‘The letters show the trust that prince Charles put into Jimmy Savile. ‘He was trying to appeal to the British people, trying to modernise. And he saw Jimmy Savile as his conduit to that. In hindsight, that was catastrophic.’ Clarence House did not respond to a request for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.