When 14-year-old Najma got ready for school last month, she was fizzing with excitement. It was the beginning of a new academic year for the teenager and she couldn’t wait to see her friends and teachers. Schools had been closed to girls after months of turmoil caused by Covid and the Taliban seizing power in August. But on 23 March, young women across the nation were overjoyed that they would finally be able to continue their education after reassurances from the education ministry. ‘The day before school I got my clothes out of the closet and admired them,’ Najma tells Metro.co.uk. ‘It was as if I was going to a big event. ‘I got up early the next morning, made tea, got ready, packed my bag and went to school very happy. On the walk to school, me and my friends talked about everyone we’d been missing.’ However, when she arrived at school, the bubble burst. Najma was met by a guard at the gates who denied her entry. She remembers: ‘He said: “No. Schools for girls are closed. You are not allowed to go inside.” ‘Right then, I felt that something was lost in my life. My heart dropped down. I felt so light. Numb. I didn’t know what to think. I stared at the guard. I didn’t know what was happening. That was a dreadful day that I will never forget. It will always stay with me.’ Speaking via a translator from her home in Kabul, Najma’s heartbreak is audible. She cried all the way home. Her friends were also in tears. ‘I told my mother what happened. She consoled me. She told me I would be able to go back to school – but I knew she was just trying to keep me together,’ admits Najma. ‘It was a very bad day. We sat down and held hands. There was nothing to say. I remember just staring at the ground.’ The teenager’s experience was matched by young women across Afghanistan who were barred entry to their schools last month. While girls of primary age were able to continue to attend school, those aged 12 and over were sent home. Their schools would remain shut until further notice, the children learned. The Taliban had backtracked on its promise. ‘My heart shattered,’ recalls Najma. ‘It is a phrase that has been used many times. But I don’t know that people really understand what it means. That day something really did finish in me. Something broke. ‘Why are we not allowed to go to school? Around the world children are going to school. No other Islamic countries are banning children from going to school. Why is this happening to us? What is our fault? ‘It is a betrayal, a cruelty. It is a lack of regard for the human rights of people. Why would anyone stop girls from school? We feel betrayed because we were told that there is hope. We were told the new administration were talking about this. It was not until the last moment that we were told we could not go back to school.’ UNICEF Executive Director, Catherine Russell, described the move as ‘a major setback for girls and their futures.’ ‘With this decision, an entire generation of adolescent girls is being denied their right to an education and being robbed of the opportunity to gain the skills they need to build their futures,’ she explains. ‘All children deserve to be in school. This is the surest way to put the country on a surer path toward the peace and prosperity that the people of Afghanistan deserve.’ Afghanistan is now the only nation in the world to effectively bar half of its childhood population from education. While some schools in the north remain open, no indication has been given as to when, or if, the remainder will open their doors to girls. Angry women and girls have been protesting outside the Ministry of Education in the capital and in several provinces; a courageous move given that they are watched over by armed guards and have in the past been violently targeted and put in prison for standing up for their rights. Activist Malala Yousafzai has been calling for young women to be educated since January 2008 when the Taliban prevented girls from attending her local school. In October 2012, a member of the Pakistani Taliban boarded Malala’s school bus and shot the 11-year-old girl in the head. Despite her injuries and trauma, she has carried on campaigning ever since. ‘The Taliban did not keep their promise,’ Malala said in a statement about the sudden u-turn.  ‘They will keep finding excuses to stop girls from learning – because they are afraid of educated girls and empowered women.’ The Taliban claimed that last month’s decision was technical, citing concerns around school uniforms adhering to Shari’a and Afghan customs, shortages of female teachers and even power outages. However, widespread consensus among women’s rights activists and international observers is that these are excuses. Afghanistan was already one of the most dangerous places in the world to be a child. Over the past year, the situation has become even more desperate as crippling poverty and hunger, violence, drought, and Covid have collided to create a humanitarian emergency. Maryann Horne, Senior Advisor at British Red Cross, says she was ‘heartbroken’ by the poverty and destitution she encountered when she visited Afghanistan in December, and that the problem is particularly difficult for women and girls. ‘Women and girls in Afghanistan are on the front line of a dire humanitarian crisis,’ she says. ‘When I was in Afghanistan visiting the remote areas, midwives and nurses were telling me that they are seeing women starting to be malnourished and this is cascading onto their children but it is babies that are affected the most. ‘Organisations like the Red Cross are trying to plug the gap. Women are afraid of hunger, of not having any basic services that are functioning around them; be it health or water. It is an uncertain time and they are dealing with a drought that is now in its third year. They are having to feed, care for and heat the same number of children with so much less. ‘It is heartbreaking to see how the country is being left with no functioning services, an economy in free fall and such a grim future. I sat in many areas with women and children and saw so many more starting to sleep rough on the streets of the capital. I heard first-hand the stories of so many women, who told me they have never felt so desperate, so abandoned and so vulnerable as today.’ Noon* ran an NGO supporting poor and vulnerable women experiencing human rights violations in Afghanistan. Last year, he was forced to flee Kabul after he was savagely beaten by the Taliban. He is now in hiding. He says that progress had been made over the past 20 years and the education system was bringing positive change for women, girls and wider society. But the country has now been pushed back into ‘a very dangerous abyss’ he says, and that ‘all that was built over the past two decades is being destroyed’. ‘Women have been deprived of their fundamental human rights,’ says Noon. ‘They are unable to participate in politics or employment, they cannot travel freely, they are forbidden from freely expressing themselves, and can no longer take part in media activities, the arts or literature. ‘It is appalling that girls are being denied their right to education, which is a fundamental human right. This ban is contrary to the principles of all laws and customs and also against the principles of all religions, including Islam.’ ‘When women and girls are deprived of education in a country like Afghanistan, it weakens and eventually destroys the fabric of society. Any society that wants to achieve self-sufficiency and civilisation needs both men and women to be sufficiently literate so that they can meet their needs. An illiterate society creates an unstable society, one that will always suffer from violence, insecurity and poverty.’ It is this poverty and need that inspired Najma to work hard at school. She was denied medicine when she fell ill a few years ago and her family couldn’t pay for the medicine she desperately needed. ‘As a sick child I looked at the doctor and in my heart I was very sad, and I thought – why can I not afford to be cured?,’ she remembers. ‘That day I decided that I would become a doctor and help anyone who is sick and needs help. I set it in my mind that I would work very hard and become a doctor. ‘That has been taken away from me now. We were hoping that girls like us would become professionals who would help our communities, our people. But all those hopes have all been dashed. They are all gone. All that we held dear in our hearts has been snatched from us.’ 17-year-old Habiba has given up all hopes of an education. She had just finished 11th grade when the academic year ended, and she doesn’t believe schools will reopen. She tells Metro.co.uk how happy she was in the days that preceded the devastating news: ‘Before school reopened, we were all counting down the days. When I arrived at school, I couldn’t believe that we were back there. I sat down in class, and all of a sudden, people asked us to leave. ‘We went home immediately. I cried. All my friends cried. I felt that in my heart that my world was coming down. All that I hoped and dreamed for was over. ‘Coming back to the four walls of my home meant that I would be separated from my teachers and my friends,’ adds Habiba. ‘The means of making a difference for my future were over. It was a very hard day. But things have become even harder since.’ Mina* is a local NGO worker specialising in gender issues in Afghanistan for more than 15 years. She says a lack of education will leave young women trapped in a cycle of domesticity and child marriage, adding: ‘This kind of restriction puts all girls under trauma, with no hope and dreams for better future. Girls are living a miserable life. The life for Afghan women and girls is dark with uncertainty of a better future. No education means no future, no joy as a human being. ‘Current bans on girls’ education gives girls feelings of pain and helplessness. Girls without education will continue as their mother’s supporters, working at home, helping take care of children.’ Both Habiba and Najma are bright, articulate and ambitious girls, but their days are now too busy for books or learning. They now attend a workshop where they make clothes and learn sewing. Habiba says the work helps take her mind off everything she has lost. ‘I have to believe that school is over. I am sure that the Taliban will not open the schools any time soon,’ she says sadly. ‘Unfortunately, poverty in Afghanistan has increased extraordinarily. So when I have finished at the workshop, I work with my mum and siblings on a carpet we are weaving to sell. I cannot find the time to read books, go to libraries or do online learning. We have to think of finding an alternative income because my family does not have any work right now. ‘For me everything has become hopeless because I am worried that they will shut down universities for girls and slowly they will shut down schools that are teaching scientific subjects and other subjects outside of religion and Shari’a. We don’t know what is going to happen, but I expect the worst.’ Habiba tells Metro.co.uk that she tries to find time to meet up with her friends, but can’t help but feel their childhood has been stolen. ‘When I meet my classmates, I feel that warmth and that happiness and excitement has long gone,’ she explains. ‘Everybody is feeling quiet and sad. There are a lot of frowns on faces. It is not the same. Everyone has lost so much. I do not see the same girls. They were so full of life and chattering and happy and enjoying things. But now that is not the case. Everyone of us – we are lost.’ Najma adds: ‘I believe that if you educate a girl, you educate a family. Every girl is know is so depressed, because we wanted to educate our families and our communities. ‘But we are hopeful that something will happen. America, the world powers, someone will intervene and make the Taliban open the schools. ‘I would like to tell the Taliban that in the future they will need us. They will need women doctors and women engineers. They need them for the future progress of this country. Allow us to be educated. That is what I want.’ *Names have been changed to protect contributors’ safety MORE : Girls in Afghanistan hold protests over right to education after Taliban U-turn MORE : Afghan girls in tears after Taliban breaks promise to allow them back to school MORE : ‘It’s a living nightmare’ – LGBT Afghans on life after the Taliban takeover