Simon Cowell felt the wrath of his son Eric when the youngster caught him getting back on his bike after a string of accidents. The Britain’s Got Talent judge broke both his back and arm in the space of 18 months recently after crashing on his E-bike. Simon, 62, hasn’t been deterred by the accidents and has continued with his love of cycling. However, his eight-year-old son Eric couldn’t be more unimpressed by this and even scolded his famous dad for taking the risk again. ‘I actually went on one the other day, I was somewhere where I wasn’t on a road and I took my bike with me, and I actually thought, “I need to get back on my bike”. Then Eric saw me and went crazy! He was so mad, he made me walk it,’ Simon revealed. He added to the Daily Mail Online: ‘I’ve always been very accident prone! Luckily it wasn’t too bad so you learn something from it. But you won’t get me off the bike. ‘We were at a hotel so he made me walk it back to the restaurant and then to our room. It’s like role reversal going on now, I’m now the child and he’s the parent, it’s hysterical. ‘The good thing was I wasn’t nervous when I got on it, I really enjoyed it. ‘I’m not getting off it! I always say that if you’re going to ride a bike then you’re going to fall off it at some point. It does come with the territory.’ In January, Simon was rushed to hospital after crashing his bike near his West London home. He broke his arm and suffered a concussion after flying over the handlebars of his E-bike and landing in the middle of the road. It came more than a year after the TV mogul broke his back in a previous accident in Los Angeles. Simon returned to screens this weekend with the new series of Britain’s Got Talent debuting on ITV on Saturday. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: David Walliams channels Sandy from Grease while joining Pink Ladies Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon in latest skit MORE : Blink-182 star Mark Hoppus teases new music ‘hopefully soon’ after cancer battle 