Miley Cyrus appeared to be in good spirits while out and about, following the news that her mum Tish reportedly filed for divorce from husband Billy Ray Cyrus, after almost 30 years of marriage. The couple tied the knot in 1993 and share five children as well as the Wrecking Ball singer, but court documents supposedly list ‘irreconcilable differences’ as the reason for the split. The Wrecking Ball singer, 29, rocked an all-black get-up as she picked up a healthy lunch to-go from Sunlife Organic in Calabasas California. In spite of the claims regarding her parents, the star cracked a smile in one of the shots during her walk. Court documents obtained by TMZ state that actress Tish, 54, filed for separation from the Achy Breaky Heart hitmaker, 60, in Tennessee last week. However, they haven’t publicly addressed the claims as of yet. Billy filed for divorce in 2010 before calling off proceedings to ‘put his family back together.’ Trish later filed for the first time in 2013, following their mutual reunion, but the split was also called off. but according to reports, the couple are splitting for good and are thought to be requesting an equal distribution of marital assets. The former couple initially started dating in 1991 and welcomed their first child together, Miley, in 1992. Miley kickstarted her incredible career on Disney Channel where she starred as Hannah Montana from 2006 until 2011. The star notoriously transformed in 2013 during the height of her Bangerz era which saw her cut her hair short, and was often found twerking with a foam finger, which was her way of distancing herself from her previous clean-cut image. Explaining her decision at the time, she said: ‘I really had to break that and I think that’s maybe why I almost created a characterised version of myself at times.’ After being in an on/off relationship for 10 years, Miley and actor Liam Hemsworth finalised their divorce in 2020, after five months of marriage. Tish is also mom to Brandi and Trace from a previous relationship, with Billy adopting both after their wedding. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Millionaires Kendall and Kylie Jenner confused over the word ‘frugal’: ‘Don’t know what that means’ MORE : Jamie Lynn Spears reacts to sister Britney’s pregnancy announcement as rest of family stays silent 