ITV is reportedly looking into developing the classic game show Jeopardy! with Richard Madeley after 26 years. The classic quiz show – which is based on the American version of the same name, with the UK version launched in 1983 on Channel 4 – was hosted by Derek Hobson. The programme features a quiz competition in which contestants are presented with general knowledge clues in the form of answers, and must phrase their responses in the form of questions. Sounds simple enough! An ITV source confirmed to Metro.co.uk that the broadcaster is looking into developing a rebooted version of the classic game show. Metro.co.uk understands that there is ‘absolutely nothing confirmed at this point and it has not yet been commissioned’. It’s also been reported that bosses are looking at Good Morning Britain’s presenter Madeley to host the rebooted series. Jeopardy! was revived by ITV in 1990 with host Chris Donat and later Steven Jones. Sky then brought it back again in 1995 for a series hosted by Paul Ross, before it ended in 1996. Legendary TV presenter Alex Trebek – who was best known for hosting the US version of the show since 1984 – died aged 80 in 2020. Trebek announced his cancer diagnosis in March 2019 and immediately began chemotherapy, continuing to host the gameshow throughout his treatment. When he announced his cancer diagnosis, Trebek was signed on to continue hosting Jeopardy! until 2022 but joked: ‘Truth told, I have to! Because under the terms of my contract, I have to host Jeopardy! for three more years!’ By the time of his death, he had hosted more than 8,000 episodes. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Richard Madeley’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ITV cuts ‘homophobic’ line from 2002’s Spider-Man and fans are overjoyed at the change MORE : Romeo and Duet viewers plead for Oti Mabuse to return to Strictly and for ITV to ‘cancel’ new dating show: ‘Petition to get Oti back on a dance show’ 