An incredulous driver has hit out at a £65 fine he received because his car’s shadow was in a disabled space. Matthew Cole had left his silver Ford estate outside Blackheath Post Office in Lewisham, London in March. His car’s shadow had crept into a nearby disabled spot. The following month, Matthew was left ‘gobsmacked’ after he received a fine from Lewisham Council. He said: ‘It’s absurd. There’s no signage where I parked and the photos they sent me only show the shadow of my car in the disabled spot. ‘I was taking my daughter to a football match on the heath and had parked there before without problem. ‘Having not got a ticket at the other times, I personally don’t think I should have got a ticket this time. ‘It’s completely wrong. They’re enforcing something that’s not there. I think £65 is not a lot to many people today but the principle is wrong. If you don’t pay the fine in a certain time it doubles to £130 which is a lot.’ Matthew, a self-employed gardener, appealed the fine but said his complaint was rejected. Lewisham Council maintained he had parked in a space reserved for disabled badge holders. Matthew has launched a second appeal but is yet to hear back. He added: ‘They sent me an email to dispute it and I disputed it but they seemed to just ignore what I said and said it was issued correctly. They’re so hard to get hold of. I think it’s done to force you to pay. ‘I’ve parked in that same spot at least three other times for five to eight hours each time and had no problem. I don’t see why it was a problem this time.’ Lewisham Council is now looking into the incident – with an outcome expected soon. A spokesperson said: ‘We issued a Penalty Charge Notice [PCN] to Mr Cole on 26 March for parking in a disabled bay, which was marked with a ‘Disabled badge holders only’ sign. Mr Cole’s initial challenge of this PCN was rejected as he didn’t give a reason for challenging it. ‘He has since outlined reasons for challenging the fine, which we are looking into in line with legal processes. We will be letting Mr Cole know the outcome in due course.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.