Holidaymakers are having a tough time of it at the moment. Many leaving the UK experienced mayhem at airports across the country – then by the time they finally reach their holiday destination found it to be cold, raining and beaches have been damaged by storms. Many beaches on the Costa Blanca and Costa del Sol – some of the most popular locations in Spain for British visitors – were a complete mess and covered with debris. Deck chairs and sun loungers were overturned, stalls have been torn apart and mess covers the usually beautiful sand. British tourist Dave Prentice, who owns a holiday home in Villajoyosa near Benidorm which has also suffered damage, said: ‘I’ve been coming here for years and this is the worst I have seen the coastline at this time of the year. ‘I was hoping to go back home with a tan but since I got here last week all I’ve seen is rain and more rain.’ Tourists were previously warned to avoid the holiday destination as yellow weather warnings were issued across Spain around a week ago. Miguel Muncharaz, manager at iconic Marbella beach bar and restaurant Trocadero Playa, said: ‘This last storm has devastated this place. Only the structure is left. ‘It’s a disaster. There’s no way we’ll be able to get everything back to the way it was before Easter.’ Tourist chiefs admitted they were racing against time to fix the damage and refill eroded beaches with dredged sand in time for Easter week, one of its busiest periods. The head of the Costa del Sol Tourist board has called for the Malaga coast to be declared a disaster zone due to the extensive damage. Francisco Salado said: ‘The beaches are our biggest tourist attraction and we rely on them being in good condition.’ Estepona’s mayor, Jose Maria Garcia Urbano, said long-term measures to protect the coastline are required. He wrote in an open letter: ‘Replacing the sand is a medicine whose effects last a few weeks and sometimes just a few days.’ But many owners of beach bars suggest their business over Easter has already been ruined as they have been left with repair bills costing thousands. The weather has also been poor, with Spain colder than some parts of Britain this week. Temperatures in Costa Blanca yesterday were just 12°C, which was colder than London and slightly warmer than Manchester. It is warmer and sunnier today with temperatures around 18°C, but Easter week is expected to be a mixed bag with a combination of sunshine and showers. The bad weather greeted tourists after they battled huge airport queues, baggage delays and cancellations at UK airports. Passengers at Heathrow, Manchester and Birmingham airports faced the worst of the disruption, with airlines saying the issues were caused by hundreds of staff being off sick due to the coronavirus crisis. Some 1,000 flights were cancelled and many people missed flights due to the extreme queues. Industry experts claim airports are also struggling because of job cuts made during the pandemic. Airport bosses have warned problems could continue for ‘several weeks’ due to staff shortages. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.