Boris Johnson weighed into the row over trans rights today as he said biological males should not be allowed to compete in female-only sports events. The prime minister also said that parents should have ‘involvement at the very least’ in decisions made by children to alter their gender. It comes as the government faces a backlash for excluding transgender people from a ban on conversion therapy. The government has been forced to cancel a landmark international LGBT+ conference  in response to changes to a promised ban on all conversion therapy, after more than 100 charities pulled out. Speaking during a visit to a hospital in Welwyn Garden City, the PM said there are still things to be worked out, and that he was ‘sad’ at the reaction of the organisations involved. He went on to give his opinion on a number of transgender issues, telling reporters: ‘I don’t think that it’s reasonable for kids to be deemed so-called Gillick-competent to take decisions about their gender or irreversible treatments that they may have. I think there should be parental involvement at the very least.’ And he added: ‘I don’t think that biological men should be competing in female sporting events’. He also defended the decision to exclude transgender people from the conversion therapy ban, despite backlash from some of his own MPs. Jamie Wallis, Conservative MP for Bridgend and the UK’s first openly trans MP, said on Monday it is ‘wrong to exclude protections for a whole group of people’ from an ‘abhorrent’ practice and that he was ‘bitterly disappointed’ with his party. Meanwhile, Iain Anderson, the UK’s LGBT+ business champion, resigned earlier on Tuesday over the government’s ‘profoundly shocking’ position. But Mr Johnson said:  ‘We will have a ban on gay conversion therapy, which to me is utterly abhorrent. ‘But there are complexities and sensitivities when you move from the area of sexuality to the question of gender. There, I’m afraid, there are things that I think still need to be worked out.’ The PM added that women should have spaces in hospitals, prisons and changing rooms which were ‘dedicated to women’. ‘That’s as far as my thinking has developed on this issue. If that puts me in conflict with some others, then we have got to work it all out,’ he said. ‘That doesn’t mean that I’m not immensely sympathetic to people who want to change gender, to transition. ‘It’s vital that we give people the maximum possible love and support in making those decisions. ‘But these are complex issues and I don’t think they can be solved with one swift, easy piece of legislation. It takes a lot of thought to get this right.’ The comments came as a former LGBT government adviser has urged leaders to stop making ‘pathetic excuses’ over the conversion therapy exclusion. Jayne Ozanne said the LGBT+ community’s trust in the government is ‘completely and utterly broken’ by backtracking on commitments to include transgender people in upcoming legislation to ban the practice. She said: ‘The government must stop these pathetic excuses, listen to the experts and get on with putting in place the urgent protections we need.’ Earlier on Wednesday, Health Secretary Sajid Javid was asked by Sky News why banning conversion therapy for transgender people has been removed from the Bill for the Queen’s Speech. He told the broadcaster: ‘When it comes to conversion therapy, it is absolutely right, as the government has said, that we ban the so-called conversion therapy for LGB people. ‘When it comes to trans, I do think that we need to be more careful.’ Mr Javid then referred to an interim review by Dr Hilary Cass which found some health staff feel under pressure to adopt an ‘unquestioning affirmative approach’ to people showing signs of gender dysphoria, and recommended they remain open and explore the patient’s experience and options. Ms Ozanne said conversion therapy and good medical practice, where people have a safe space to explore who they are without judgment, are two very different things. She continued: ‘I think he is conflating two very different things. ‘Conversion therapy is about being told that you can never be trans, that there is an ideology at heart which stops someone being who they are. ‘It is not any different to the LGB situation. ‘Of course these issues are complex, but that is why other international countries have found a way through. ‘We’ve been working on this for four years. And it’s time that we stopped making excuses and got on with what our legal experts have told us is something relatively simple to do.’ Ms Ozanne quit her role as a government LGBT adviser in March 2021, accusing ministers of creating a “hostile environment” for LGBT people. She said she ‘absolutely’ would have resigned immediately if she had still been in post last week when news of the conversion therapy U-turn first broke. On Tuesday, the government’s LGBT+ business champion Iain Anderson quit his post with a ‘heavy heart’, citing No 10’s  ‘profoundly shocking’ position on banning conversion therapy for transgender people. At least 100 LGBT+ and HIV organisations pulled out of its forthcoming landmark LGBT conference, Safe To Be Me, which has since been cancelled. Last week, it was initially announced that ministers were scrapping plans to ban the practice, sparking a furious backlash. A government spokesman confirmed it was looking instead at ways of preventing it through existing law and ‘other non-legislative measures’. However, within hours the PM was said to have ‘changed his mind’ and a senior government source was quoted as saying legislation would be introduced. Ministers then said they are committed to a legislative ban but separate work is required to ‘consider the issue of transgender conversion therapy further’. The British Psycholanalytic Council said it was ‘dismayed’ that part of the justification for the change in direction is that exploratory therapies may be at risk of being impacted negatively by a ban. The body said: ‘The process of safe exploration of gender and sexual identity in talking therapy, and support for each individual’s right to expression of their unique self, should continue to be a mainstay of mental health services that promote our public wellbeing. ‘We have called on government for publicly funded talking therapies to be better resourced to accompany implementation of a ban/ ‘Whilst we note the recent clarification that further work will be undertaken, we believe that including gender alongside sexuality in a ban will carry no real risk of ethical exploratory therapy being misconstrued as an alleged form of “conversion therapy”.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 