Hailey Baldwin has opened up on her terrifying ordeal with a small blood clot on her brain in March, which left her unable to speak and with her face drooping. The model, 25, had been having breakfast with husband Justin Bieber, 28, when she started to feel unwell and temporarily lost the ability to speak as she began experiencing stroke-like symptoms. She revealed in her latest YouTube video that she had experienced a ‘really weird sensation’ which travelled from her shoulder, all the way down to her arm and into her fingertips. When Justin asked her if she was ok, Hailey was unable to speak and the right hand side of her face began to droop, so he called for help with the pair assuming she was having a stroke. Hailey started to improve shortly after being taken to hospital and regained some speech in the ambulance and still had the ability to walk. Medics determined that she had had a TIA (transient ischemic attack), otherwise known as a ministroke, which her body had managed to clear by itself. Hailey told her followers that the doctors had come ‘to the conclusion of why they think I had the blood clot in the first place.’ She explained that there were three reasons she could have had the ministroke: ‘One was that I had just recently started birth control pills, which I should have never been on because I am somebody who suffers from migraines anyway, and I just did not talk to my doctors about this. ‘So ladies, if you suffer from bad migraines and you plan on being on birth control pills, make sure you tell your doctor because having a stroke is a potential side effect from birth control pills.’ The NHS website states that the risk of blood clots from the contraceptive pill are small but people with certain risk factors, including severe migraines or a history of blood clots or strokes in the family are not advised to take it. Hailey added: ‘The second thing was that I had recently had Covid and that was something that they thought was a contributing factor, and the third thing was that I had recently gone on a really long flight. ‘I had flown to Paris and back in a very short amount of time, slept through the whole flight both ways, didn’t get up and walk around, never thought about wearing compression socks… ‘So basically all of the doctors came to the conclusion that it was a perfect storm that led to me having a small blood clot.’ Hailey also revealed that doctors had found she had a hole in her heart during tests to see where the blood clot had travelled from, and underwent a procedure to have it closed up, with medics going in through a vein in her groin to her heart. She reassured fans that she was on the mend after the scary ordeal and taking blood thinners daily to prevent a reoccurrence, and thanked her doctors for looking after her throughout the procedures. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Coachella 2022: Justin Bieber stuns screaming fans with surprise performance on first day of festival with Daniel Caesar MORE : Hailey Bieber lashes out at trolls in scathing TikTok video: ‘Be miserable somewhere else’ 