Planning to take your run outdoors now the sun is shining? If you’re not put off exercising outside by hayfever, running is an ideal sport for the not-too-hot, not-too-cold months of spring. But whether you’re training for a marathon or going for a gentle jog with your dog, you’ll want the right footwear. It’s all about balancing practicality and performance with aesthetics, and we already know what look we’ll be rocking this spring. So in honour of this very floral season, we’ve rounded up the prettiest pastel trainers you can buy right now. If you like to take you run off-road, these Vionic Austyn Slip-On trainers have a hiking-inspired lacing system to secure you into this lightweight training shoe. The brand recommends ordering a half size up for orthotic comfort and support. Buy for £65.99 from Vionic. If you’re looking for an everyday trainer, the Salomon X-MISSION 4 has a 90s vibe, but comes with a breathable mesh to keep feet cool, a pillow-like EVA midsole and special construction to hug feet when you’re running. Buy for £110 from Salomon. If you want a more sustainable running shoe, the Adizero x Allbirds trainer collaboration equates to just 2.94kg CO2e per pair. From the bio-based midsole to the no-dye upper, this product is made with at least 25% recycled materials and coloured in a more sustainable way. Buy for £110 from Adidas. The Meraki 4 trainer, from 361 Europe, comes with the tagline ‘faster for longer’, great for those who can stay the distance. The contact platform hits all of the ground, while Quikfoam on top of a lightweight EVA base provides strong cushioning to keep comfortable for longer. Buy for £125 from 361 Europe. The On Running Cloudrunner trainer feels like gravity has left the road thanks to a speedboard under the foot to absorb energy and then return it. The cradle-shaped construction also helps support heel to toe movement while a mesh upper means the foot can breathe better on longer runs, too. Buy for £130 from On Running. Looking for a hybrid running shoe? The Columbia Sportswear Drainmaker IV is built for outdoor activities in wet or dry conditions. It has an open mesh upper, which offers quick-drying and breathability while midsole ports enhance airflow and water drainage. Buy for £80 from Columbia Sportswear. The Decathlon Run Comfort Pastel mix trainers are suitable for all stride types thanks to denser foam under the metatarsal. An air hole in the foam at the heel also allows for a more effective dispersion of the shockwaves from your run. Buy for £49.99 from Decathlon. ECCO Outdoors Biom 2.1 x Country are great for trail run enthusiasts and cross-country adventures. They boast multi-directional traction and stability and a low profile that lets you feel more connected to the ground. Buy for £150 from ECCO. Ride 15s from Saucony is a neutral running shoe that has been built with softer cushioning and a pillow-like sockliner. It’s got more foam and less weight for your springiest run yet. There’s also more flexibility in the forefoot so your foot can move more fluidly. Buy for £130 from Saucony. Meghan Markle’s favourite trainer brand Veja has a Marlin Bastille Vegan running trainer. Made in Brazil, it has a recycled mesh and features sustainable rubber and L-Foam cushioned technology in the sole. Buy for £145 from AllSole. Designed to support your technique however you run, Mizuno Wave Inspire 18 running shoes have Enerzy Foam at the heel wedge to give great cushioning and energy return, while a special fan-shaped wave design in the sole supports the movement of the foot to avoid overpronation. Buy for £129.90 from Start Fitness. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to cycle comfortably in hay fever season MORE : Expert tips on how to start running with your dog MORE : Expert debunks three common myths about running