Ezra Miller has been arrested in Hawaii again for second-degree assault. The Justice League star was taken into police custody in Pāhoa in the early hours of Tuesday morning, according to a release on the Hawaii Police department website. It states that at 1:10am, Puna patrol officers responded to a report of an assault that occurred at a get together at a private residence in lower Puna. ‘During the course of their investigation, police determined that the individual, later identified as Ezra Miller, became irate after being asked to leave and reportedly threw a chair, striking a 26-year-old female on the forehead, resulting in an approximate half-inch cut,’ it said. ‘The female victim refused treatment for her injury.’ Miller, who identifies as non-binary with they/them, was soon located at a traffic stop nearby and subsequently arrested at 1:30am for assault in the second degree. The 29-year-old was released just after 4am on Tuesday after conferring with the County Prosecutor’s Office. An investigation into the incident is ongoing. It comes just weeks after Miller was first arrested in Honolulu following an incident at a karaoke bar. On March 27, the actor was said to have ‘[become] agitated while patrons at the bar began singing karaoke’. Reports claim Miller ‘began yelling obscenities and at one point grabbed the microphone from a 23-year-old woman singing karaoke… and later lunged at a 32-year-old man playing darts.’ The actor was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct and harassment, but released after paying their $500 bail (£380). Miller launched their acting career in 2008 when they starred in their first feature film, Afterschool. They then went on to star as Kevin in the 2011 thriller We Need to Talk About Kevin, and The Perks Of Being A Wallflower one year later. The Hollywood star also plays Flash in the DC Extended Universe, having appeared in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, Justice League, and Suicide Squad. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Miller’s rep for further comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Celebrity Bake Off viewers unimpressed as Tracy-Ann Oberman repeatedly gets ‘hero’ RuPaul’s catchphrase wrong MORE : Blac Chyna’s mother Tokyo Toni ‘banned from $100,000,000 Kardashians trial’ after scathing foul-mouthed rant 