Western officials believe this is the man now leading the Ukraine invasion – and who therefore bears responsibility for yesterday’s railway station attack. General Alexander Dvornikov has been placed in charge of Russia’s troops as Vladimir Putin tries to salvage his flagging invasion. At least 52, including five children, were killed and dozens more were injured when two missiles struck where 4,000 people were waiting to board trains in Kramatorsk. The Soviet-era rockets – one of which was daubed with the phrase ‘for our children’ in Russian – were launched amid coordinated strikes on rail infrastructure in the region. Civilians are fleeing the city in anticipation of a renewed Russian assault on the east of the country after the Kremlin’s shift in strategy to annex the Donbas. Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky vowed to uncover who was responsible for the ‘war crime’ during his nightly address. He said efforts would be taken ‘to establish every minute of who did what, who gave what orders, where the missile came from, who transported it, who gave the command and how this strike was agreed to’. A Western official told the BBC Gen Dvornikov took charge after the Krelmin reorganised command of its operations in Ukraine. The new general cut his teeth leading military operations in Syria, where Russia has been on the ground supporting troops loyal to Bashar al Asaad since 2015. An anonymous official told the broadcaster he has been promoted from commander of Russia’s southern military district to the number one man in Ukraine. The source said: ‘That particular commander has a lot of experience of operations of Russian operations in Syria. So we would expect the overall command and control to improve.’ They said it appears to be an attempt to reorganise units which have been operating with separate command structures to improve coordination. Gen Dvornikov, reportedly 60 and from Russia’s far east, was awarded the country’s highest military honour in 2016. Analysis of Russia’s military post-Syria by the Institute for the Study of War singled out the general as one of those pushing for tighter command structures based on his experience of the conflict. The 2021 report said ‘Russian Armed Forces are actively improving joint coordination capabilities based on lessons from Syria’ It said Gen Dvornikov has previously said ‘he used his experience in Syria to reorganize the Southern Military District into a joint force grouping capable of operating effectively on land, sea, and air’. The Kremlin has denied any involvement in the attack on the Kramatorsk railway station and has accused Ukraine of staging it. Military experts refuted Moscow’s claim that it does not use Tochka-U missiles, saying they have already been deployed in Ukraine. MORE : Map shows where Ukraine has chased Russian forces out and is finding ‘war crimes’ Pro-Kremlin social media channels reportedly confirmed and celebrated the missile strike before messages were deleted when the scale of civilian deaths became clear. The UK Ministry of Defence said Russia is continuing to strike at civilian areas in an attempt to subdue the east of the country. A spokesperson said: ‘Russian operations continue to focus on the Donbas region, Mariupol and Mykolaiv, supported by continued cruise missile launches into Ukraine by Russian naval forces.’ The MoD said this was part of efforts to establish a land corridor between Crimea and the Donbas. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.