Earth Day is like Christmas – it comes but once a year. And while a day is only so long, there’s a lot that can be done in 24 hours. That means it’s time to get started, guys. We’ve done you all a favour and rounded up five small, unusual but very much doable eco-themed actions to help you join Earth Day. If you do one thing today, do this… Here’s a question: How big is your environmental footprint? As big a T-Rex? Or more akin to an ickle hamster? It’s easy to find out. The BBC’s food calculator is a good – and simple – start point. The WWF have one covering food, travel, energy, and ‘stuff’ (pets, clothing, etc.) that will take about five minutes. Fill one in and compare your footprint to the national average. Good trackers will include a breakdown of where you could do better and tips to reduce your environmental impact further. You don’t have to get a slap on the wrist from grandma and community service to get snap happy with a litter picker. Keep Britain Tidy run numerous volunteer projects across the year and even have a Chewing Gum Task Force (chewing gum has plastic in it); likewise Clean Up UK have groups all over; and Surfers Against Sewage’s Million Mile Clean is open to everyone and features a nifty interactive map for local, easy-to-find beach cleans. Bees wear capes. They are the life and soul of the planet. From pollination to pest control, stretching from the garden to the crop field and back again, they’re the superheroes of our ecosystem. So, be the Alfred to their Batman. Plant some bee-friendly flowers in the back garden (sunflowers, heathers, fennel, lavender) or open an insect hotel with rolled cardboard, broken plant pots and some dried grass. The ideal way to get the kids involved this Earth Day. Sometimes we think the only time to plant a tree is when we’re off-setting carbon emissions post-holiday but that’s not the case. The National Trust want to establish 20 million trees by 2030 and it only costs a fiver to get them to plant one new sparkling sapling right in the dirt. Similarly, the Canopy Project is a worldwide initiative to boost our branchy brethren for as little as an American dollar. Whether she’s playing an elf queen in Peter Jackson’s The Lord of the Rings universe or a randy news anchor in satire Don’t Look Up, Aussie actress Cate Blanchett has made quite the career out of dystopian drama. Climate crisis is, of course, worse than the Eye of Sauron, but far from a study in doom-saying Blanchett’s environmental podcast decides to send an uplifting message. Seated alongside the Oscar-winning star is climate entrepreneur and activist Danny Kennedy, who brings the know-how to proceedings extolling the earth-shattering challenges and ground-breaking solutions at play as the dynamic duo attempt to tackle humankind’s ongoing crisis. Blanchett says that doing the show has steadied her “eco-anxiety” and the knowledge and passion for the solutions featured is certainly infectious, if hard to get entirely joyous about. At its core though the show is about educating and raising awareness of the most important issue today and it will be interesting to see how it develops over its already-commissioned two seasons. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What is Earth Day? Theme, quotes, and how to take part MORE : Singapore is leading the way for urban greenery and it looks amazing