Students at Sabina Nessa’s university in London – only a few miles from where she was killed – spend every day thinking ‘this could have been me’. As sex predator Koci Selamaj is sentenced to life in jail for her murder in September last year, organisers behind the Sabina Project said one of them could be the next victim of ‘extreme’ male violence. Like the adored teacher at Rushey Green primary school in Lewisham, Kareema Motala is a 28-year-old woman, living in south-east London, while studying at University of Greenwich. When the law student heard about Sabina’s murder and the harrowing details that followed, she decided to set up the project to honour her life and make her name have a ‘lasting effect’. Since January, the group has held several events, inviting prominent speakers to address different aspects of violence against women and girls. Ms Motala, who is a victim of domestic abuse, told Metro.co.uk: ‘I hope Sabina is looking down at us and is proud of what we have achieved. ‘Everything we are doing is in her name, and to address the fact that every woman at some point or another will be a victim of male violence. ‘As a proof, this project has been nothing but barriers – from the university at times, from male students who are critical of what we are doing. ‘This is where the patriarchy and misogyny really kicks in. It’s been quite a journey. ‘We only really got established in January but some of the responses we’ve had from men in the university have been very defensive of her murderer. ‘The next thing we are really excited for is that we managed to secure funding for the Sabina Nessa memorial garden, which will be unveiled on campus on the one-year anniversary of her death. ‘For us, it is very important to have this long-lasting memory of Sabina, so that we never forget.’ Members of Sabina’s family had gathered at the Old Bailey yesterday and today to witness the sentencing of Selamaj, who hit their relative over the head 34 times with a 2ft-long metal traffic cone. CCTV footage captured the ‘premeditated and predatory’ attack, and showed how he pulled up her clothes, removed her tights and underwear and strangled her before hiding her body with grass. That day, he had driven around Brighton ‘looking for someone to have a sexual encounter with’, said prosecutor Alison Morgan QC. Even though Selamaj pleaded guilty to her murder in February, the former garage worker refused to attend court. Mr Justice Sweeney said a life sentence was ‘inevitable’ and has now been told he must serve a minimum of 30 years in prison. At an earlier hearing, which was attended by some of the University of Greenwich law students, the court was told that the defendant had been violent towards his ex-wife in the past, including throttling her a number of times. The students described it as ‘one of the most disturbing cases’ they had ever encountered. Other members of the Sabina Project also gathered outside the court holding placards and chanting her name. Ruth Tweedale, senior law lecturer at University of Greenwich, said the project was born as a grassroots movement. She added: ‘Young women are angry, upset and passionate about Sabina’s murder and are walking around university thinking “this could have been me”. ‘We also have Sarah Everard and more recently, Sabitha Thanwani, so it is such a pressing issue. ‘The point of the project is to highlight how avoidable such murders are. The students felt gagged. ‘There was this huge outpouring of grief and sadness, but also determination that something needs to be done about it.’ Another aspect Ms Tweedale pointed out was that Sabina’s case never received the public outrage and attention that Sarah Everard’s case did. ‘This isn’t a critique of the amount of attention that Sarah got,’ the lecturer said. ‘We think all women should get that at least as a minimum. ‘I teach students of various backgrounds – some of them are asking, “Why does Sabina’s life not matter as much as a white woman?” ‘Part of the Sabina Project is us also making that noise, also saying it is time to have the same disgust at Sabina’s and Sabitha’s murder. ‘Students at Greenwich, by nature, are the first generation to go to university, so another goal is to empower them to get into positions where they can change things.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.