The Earl and Countess of Wessex’s Grenada leg of their Caribbean tour has been postponed just a day before their week-long trip begins. Buckingham Palace announced the decision was made yesterday following talks with officials on the island. Prince Edward and Sophie will still visit other islands on the tour as part of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, including St Lucia, St Vincent and the Grenadines, Antigua and Barbuda. A source told the BBC discussions were held to ensure the couple’s itinerary met the aims of the tour to mark the Queen’s 70-year reign. Dame Cecile La Grenade, Grenada’s governor general and the Queen’s representative in the country, suggested a postponement as part of these discussions. Their trip begins today as planned. The decision was made after Prince William and Kate Middleton were criticised for their ‘tone deaf’ week-long trip to the Caribbean, which included visits to Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas. Positive moments on the tour were overshadowed as protesters accused the couple of benefitting from the ‘blood, tears and sweat’ of slaves. Images of the couple riding in the back of an open-top Land Rover during a military parade in Jamaica were denounced as harking back to colonial days. Professor Rosalea Hamilton, a civil rights campaigner and founding director of the Institute of Law and Economics in Jamaica, said: ‘These unfortunate images are a relic of the past and could have been taken in the 1800s.’ It was also described as a ‘PR disaster’ after other pictures showed the the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge shaking hands with residents through a wire mesh fence. Grenada gained independence from the UK in 1974, when Eric Gairy became the island’s first prime minister. The National Democratic Congress, a liberal opposition party in Grenada, has previously said it would put the question of whether the Queen should be head of state to a referendum. It also congratulated Barbados for becoming a republic last year, officially removing the Queen as its head of state. During their tour, Prince Edward will conduct an investiture on behalf of the Queen and the couple will attend a service to mark the Platinum Jubilee. The Royal Family members will meet local communities, athletes from the Commonwealth Games, craftspeople and women in leadership roles. It has also been reported by publication The Voice that Antigua will present an open letter on slavery reparations during their visit. The chairperson of the Antigua and Barbuda Reparations Support Commission, Dorbrene O’Marde, said he would present the document to the couple. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.