Some 60 organisations have signed up to what is thought to be the biggest ever worldwide pilot of a four-day working week. The trial will run for six months from June and will see more than 3,000 workers take part. There will be no loss in pay for employees working one fewer day a week – instead they will be asked to maintain 100% productivity for 80% of their time. New research last month found some 72% of office workers in the UK said they would prefer a four-day working week. Joe O Connor, chief executive of 4 Day Week Global, said: ‘The momentum behind the four-day week continues to build, and this is borne out by the incredible response we have received from UK employers to our pilot programme.’ ‘Increasingly, managers and executives are embracing a new model of work which focuses on quality of outputs, not quantity of hours. ‘Workers have emerged from the pandemic with different expectations around what constitutes a healthy life/work balance. ‘Sometimes it takes a big disruptor to dislodge deeply embedded societal and cultural norms. ‘That’s what we are seeing with the traditional five-day working week following the Covid-induced flexible working revolution. ‘Those who think we will turn the clock back to the way things were two years ago are engaged in “pie in the sky” thinking – the four-day week is an idea whose time has come.’ The pilot is being organised by 4 Day Week Global in partnership with think tank Autonomy, the 4 Day Week UK Campaign, and researchers at Cambridge University, Oxford University and Boston College. The UK trial will run alongside other trials across the US, Ireland, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. From a local fish and chip shop to large corporate companies, a wide range of businesses are set to take part. Previously the biggest four-day week trial to date was run in Iceland by Reykjavík City Council and the national government, which included more than 2,500 workers. Kyle Lewis, co-director of Autonomy, said: ‘The UK pilot is going to be the biggest ever four-day week pilot to take place anywhere in the world. ‘The fact that a very wide cross-section of sectors from across the British economy are taking part is very exciting. ‘In the wake of Covid, it looks like the main reason organisations are embracing the four-day week is to retain staff and attract new talent.’ The companies involved in the trial will be offered a package of support including workshops, mentoring, networking and access to world-class academic research. MORE: Which companies offer a four-day working week in the UK? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.