Shocking footage shows a fight breaking out after some locals allegedly got angry at Labour members canvassing on their street. Councillor Mohammed Idrees joined some colleagues on Saturday to talk to people in the Small Heath area of Birmingham about the upcoming local elections on May 5. At one point a man and some of his family members came out and began ‘hurling abuse’ at Labour, Mr Idrees said. He claimed he tried to get everyone to move on and avoid any physical escalation, but then ‘the punching started’. It is currently difficult to tell who is who in the video as it was filmed from across the road – where neighbours witnessed the drama – and nobody’s face can be seen clearly. By the end of the clip, a man in a black Adidas t-shirt has been punched and kicked several times by multiple people. One local, who did not want to be named, said: ‘It all seemed to come out of nowhere. ‘We’ve had plenty of campaigners in the area just talking to residents and putting leaflets through doors, which you would expect in the run-up to any election. ‘But one particular bloke was hurling abuse at them and swearing, I couldn’t hear what it was all about but it got ugly pretty fast. ‘In one way it was comical as nobody really landed a punch and it was all a bit pathetic. But these aren’t the scenes we should be seeing in a democratic society. ‘There are a lot of political tensions this time around but nobody wants to be seeing fights in the street when people are just doing their jobs. ‘They should be setting an example to others because this was all a bit embarrassing. ‘I’ve seen plenty of fights between youths around here but not between grown men, some representing a major political party, who should know better.’ Labour has since announced an investigation into the ‘worrying’ fight, promising to take the violence ‘very seriously’. The leader of Birmingham’s Labour Party has written to all candidates ‘to remind them of their responsibilities as political candidates, and to ensure that candidates are doing everything that they can to remain safe while out campaigning’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.