Madonna never fails to deliver when it comes to leather and has sported yet another eye-popping rock chick-look for her latest studio session. The Like A Virgin hitmaker, 63, shared a slew of raunchy Instagram photos of herself while wearing a black leather jacket and fishnet tights on Sunday evening. Alongside the eye-grabbing images, she wrote the enigmatic caption: ‘Music and Sushi save my life.’ In one of the pictures, she could be seen grabbing her crotch, while another showed her with chopsticks in her mouth, and a third revealed a diamond grill on her teeth. She accessorised the look with a pair of silver cross earrings, black winged eyeliner, and voluminous blonde curls alongside a semi-sheer top. Meanwhile, her blue and white manicure featured a flower design, as well as a series of gemstones. The latest posts come days after she showed off her impressive dance moves at the Burberry Private House Party. Following a fun night out, held at a private residence in Los Angeles near the Chateau Marmont, the singer also shared footage of her dancing and throwing some shapes. The Holiday hitmaker was joined by a range of stars at the high-fashion event, including Sarah Paulson, Christina Ricci and TikTok sensation Dixie D’Amelio. Madonna is no stranger to fashion and has connections with plenty of in-demand designers, just last week sharing a snap with Stella McCartney. She cosied up to Stella on a boozy night out, with talent agent Maha Dakhil Jackson and her 16-year-old son David Banda also present. Madonna’s appearance at the Burberry event – which saw them light up the Chateau Marmont in their iconic plaid pattern – comes after she left fans bewildered with a strange kissing video on social media. The clip once again shows her wearing braids, while she pouts and makes kissing motions towards the camera. Alongside the video, she wrote the caption: ‘Don’t stop!! Had so much fun at the @burberry party!!’ In the video, she’s seen twerking to FKA Twigs’ 2022 hit Papi Bones, while rocking a pair of oversize sunglasses and wearing her blonde hair in braids. At the event, which was attended by  Irina Shayk, Anitta, Chloe Bailey, Lori Harvey, and Fai Khadra, she also enjoyed a performance by Erykah Badu. In addition to spending Easter with four of her children, the singer has also been busy working on a biopic of her life. The Material Girl hitmaker revealed she’s holding auditions for the highly-anticipated project. Announcing it in September, she said that she’s co-directing a forthcoming film, that she’s described as her ‘visual biography’. In October, she revealed she was nearing the end of writing and shared a picture of her lying on the floor looking through the pages of the script. Alongside the post, she wrote: ‘Grateful for the success of Madame ❌, that my script is almost finished, and for the support of my beautiful children! While laying on this gorgeous Rug by Alexander McQueen!’ she wrote in the caption that included the hashtag: ‘#erincressidawilson (Erin Cressida Wilson).’ MORE : Madonna sports oversized blazer and braids for star-studded Burberry party in Beverly Hills MORE : Jennifer Aniston and other stars who suffer from insomnia – Rihanna, George Clooney, Lady Gaga and more 