Zoe Ball has apologised for leaving her BBC Radio 2 show this morning after a tough start to the day. The 51-year-old usually presents the Zoe Ball Breakfast Show on the channel, hitting the airwaves from 6.30 every weekday. However, colleague Richie Anderson was forced to step in at the last minute, after her tyre blew out on the way to the studios today. She made it onto the show around half-an-hour later, but sparked concern when Richie announced that she had left before the end of the slot. Taking to Twitter, Zoe addressed her absence, telling fans: ‘Apologies for this morning gang, tyre went on the way in to work. ‘I was so keen not miss the show, dashed in and hadn’t quite realised the effect it’d had on me. ‘I’m okay. Thanks for the lovely messages. Big thanks to Richie and Ken for stepping in. Will be back tomorrow xx.’ Followers were understanding over Zoe’s ordeal, and flooded her comments section with support. ‘Hope your ok Zoe missed you this morning although Richie did a fab job xxxx [sic],’ a fan said. ‘Take it easy this afternoon & get yourself in the right headspace for tomorrow. Must have shocked you big time. Poor thing,’ another agreed. ‘The boys did well in your absence. Just worried for your well-being. Glad you messaged to say you’re okay now.’ ‘Sorry to hear that Zoe. We were all a bit worried about you. Take care,’ a Twitter user wrote. ‘No apology needed, most important thing is that you’re okay and Richie did a great job, take it easy and look forward to your happy voice tomorrow,’ one replied. As a follower added: ‘Thank you for updating us. I was seriously worried about you. Hope you have time to fully wind down from the earlier stress. Take care.’ Listeners were left baffled when they tuned into today’s programme, with Richie taking over proceedings. ‘Sorry if I’ve given you the shock of your life,’ he began. ‘Quite obviously, I am not Zoe Ball. It is me, Richie Anderson, hello, and I have some news to share. ‘They’ve finally given me the Radio 2 Breakfast Show. Hurrah! It’s what we’ve always wanted. This is for us!’ ‘No, I’m joking – Zoe Ball has a flat tyre, but she’s on her way,’ he added, before Zoe arrived shortly after to take over proceedings. Richie returned to hosting duties around an hour later, informing listeners that his colleague had returned home as she wasn’t feeling well, leading the way for the last segment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : EastEnders star Adam Woodyatt creates personalised video messages for fans MORE : Dan Walker’s time on BBC: From Football Focus to Strictly Come Dancing and everything in between as he leaves Breakfast to join Channel 5 