Piers Morgan has confirmed Tyson Fury as his next Uncensored interview on TalkTV, continuing his big launch week. Tyson gained a spectacular knockout win on Saturday, in a fight versus Dillian Whyte, seeing him retain his heavyweight titles in front of a packed Wembley Stadium. Following the win, he revealed that he will be retiring from boxing, saying moments after knocking out Dillian: ‘You know I promised my lovely wife Paris of 14 years that after the Wilder three-fight that would be it and I meant it. It was a great trilogy but I meant that. ‘I got offered to fight at Wembley at home and I believe I owed it to the fans and every person in the UK to fight at Wembley. I think this is it this might be the final curtain for The Gypsy King. What a way to go out.’ Well, it seems Tyson’s next move will be to stop by Piers’ shiny new studios for his new series Piers Morgan Uncensored. In a post on his Twitter account, broadcaster Piers, 57, wrote: ‘BREAKING: World Heavyweight Champion ⁦@Tyson_Fury⁩ will give me his first TV interview since retaining his title on Saturday to ⁦@PiersUncensored⁩ tomorrow night – LIVE! You won’t want to miss this.. Piers launched his new TV show Piers Morgan Uncensored last night, and it was broadcast in the 8pm slot, attracting an average audience of 317,000 to its first-ever episode. Many critics of TalkTV were more assured by the new show than by GB News, which was beset with technical issues on launch, however it got a mixed overall reception. Reviewing the show after it aired last night, Metro.co.uk’ said: ‘The launch of TalkTV was definitely more smooth-sailing than GB News, avoiding the disruption of technical difficulties that plagued the latter last summer.’ Elsewhere, Piers used the first-ever episode to attack Megan Markle and Prince Harry. Just over a year ago, Piers exited Good Morning Britain after harshly criticising the Duchess of Sussex’s interview with Oprah Winfrey, refusing to apologise for saying he didn’t believe she suffered suicidal thoughts. The broadcaster has spoken out against the couple on several occasions, calling them out once again in the first episode of Piers Morgan Uncensored, a programme on which he promised he would ‘cancel cancel culture’ as part of his ‘mission statement’. In his opening statement, Piers said he would ‘defeat this insidious, joyless societal scourge, with those most effective of democracy-preserving weapons – common sense, and truth’. As an image of Meghan with a Pinocchio nose flashed on the screen, Piers said: ‘And that’s the truth, by the way, not your truth. And definitely not Princess Pinocchio’s truth.’ Addressing his viewers, Piers said that he will ‘always fight your corner’ and will ‘always have your back’ – that is, unless you’re deemed as ‘illiberal liberals who want to wreck anyone with an opinion you’ve ruled as offensive’. Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs weeknights at 9pm on TalkTV. MORE : Jeremy Kyle’s return to TV three years after death of guest divides TalkTV viewers: ‘Why would you put him back on TV?’ MORE : Megan Barton Hanson recalls being ‘obsessed’ with Katie Price during childhood before going into sex work 