Red Bull team principal Christian Horner is still confident his team can win Sunday’s Australian Grand Prix despite Max Verstappen missing out on pole position. Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc will start the race on pole alongside Verstappen with the other Red Bull of Sergio Perez in third, while the three British drivers on the grid, McLaren’s Lando Norris and Mercedes duo Sir Lewis Hamilton and George Russell, will line up fourth, fifth and sixth. It was an incredibly tight qualifying session on Saturday with lap times disrupted thanks to multiple yellow and red flags, but ultimately it was championship leader Leclerc who emerged fastest, three tenths of a second quicker than Verstappen. While still a positive result, Verstappen was left frustrated, admitting after the session that he was struggling to get the best out of his Red Bull. ‘I do not feel good. I didn’t really feel good the whole weekend so far,’ Verstappen said. ‘I don’t think there has been one lap where I have felt confident. Of course, second is still a good result but it is hard to go to the limit. For me, this weekend so far has been all over the place, happy to be second, but as a team we want more.’ The Dutchman has never won Down Under, while Red Bull have claimed only one victory round the Albert Park circuit and that was way back in 2011 when Sebastian Vettel was at the wheel. Nevertheless, Horner remained positive: ‘It was a great lap from Charles, but I am still pretty happy with second and third on the grid here and both drivers at different points looked like they might be able to get pole. ‘Max, that lock up cost him probably about three tenths and that would have put him very close to Charles’ time. Perez was carrying some extra fuel as he wanted to get three laps in. ‘It looks like they [Ferrari] will have a headache with all that bouncing. We don’t know if that will have an impact on degradation. It will be tough for them tomorrow. We know they have a quick car, but we can race them.’ The Australian Grand Prix gets underway Sunday, 6am. MORE : Lewis Hamilton responds to F1 jewellery ban as Mercedes struggles continue MORE : Sebastian Vettel fined €5,000 for moped incident during Australian Grand Prix practice For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 