Actress Liz Sheridan, who played the mother of Jerry Seinfeld, has died at the age of 93 according to reports. Sheridan, who played Helen on the hit show for its entire run between 1993 and 1998, died ‘peacefully in her sleep from natural causes’, according to TMZ. The publication reports that she died at 2.30am on Friday, just five days after her 93rd birthday. Sheridan was the only non-central Seinfeld character to appear in the full run of the show, playing Jerry’s overprotective mother, appearing in 21 episodes. Her character was known for her catchphrase: ‘How could anyone not like him?’, appearing alongside Barney Martin who played Jerry’s father Morty. As well as her role in Seinfeld, Sheridan is also known for playing Mrs. Ochmonek, the eccentric neighbour on ALF, and was also an accomplished Broadway star. She had appeared in 12 stage productions, including Happy End alongside Meryl Streep in 1977. Sheridan began her career as a go-go dancer in the 1950s and famously dated James Dean, even writing a book called Dizzy and Jimmy: My Life with James Dean: A Love Story about their relationship. Describing them as each other’s first romantic loves, Sheridan wrote in the book: ‘We had great times… We didn’t want to be apart. We found a place and lived together… before he really hit it big.’ The actress also performed a one-woman show called Mrs Seinfeld Sings, which toured around the US. She also had small parts in films Who’s That Girl, alongside Madonna, and 2009’s Play the Game. Sheridan was born and raised in New York, before later moving to Los Angeles to work as an actress. Sheridan is survived by her daughter and son in law. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Seinfeld’s Estelle Harris dies from natural causes aged 93 MORE : Seinfeld and Grey’s Anatomy actor Lou Cutell dies aged 91 