We all know the feeling of being completely and utterly overwhelmed by work emails. The ever-growing unread number is like an angry little accusation, blinking red in the corner of your screen. Every notification shreds your nerves. Replying to all of them, even the simplest of requests, can sometimes feel impossible. The last thing you want to do with your day.  The problem is, the longer you leave it, the worse that feeling gets. This is where ’email block’ sets in. The debilitating feeling of being paralysed by the sheer number of emails in your inbox. The task feels insurmountable, and it can start to have an impact on the rest of your workload, too. ‘The dreaded, never-ending, inbox across platforms (email, WhatsApp, slack and Instagram to name a few) is now synonymous with the rat race that is life in 2022,’ says Hermione Underwood, UK CEO of JSHealth Vitamins. ‘We all know how it feels and it can be so overwhelming. There’s even a feeling these days that everything must be responded to immediately, everything is urgent – which is so unhealthy.’ Hermione says that working for an Australian company means she starts her day early and always with a very intense inbox. ‘To avoid overwhelm, I scan my inbox and prioritise the urgent matters first, spending the first few hours of my day on calls and actioning critical items, only responding to the most important mail chains,’ she says. ‘I then leave my emails to work practically on tasks and to have meetings with my team.’ Hermione says breaking up the day, and not spending it entirely as a slave to her inbox, ensures she is most effective with her time. ‘I then return to my inbox for dedicated time with the vision to end my day with all emails attended to, filed and an empty inbox,’ she adds. For Hermione, sticking to this system is really important. But what happens when the system fails and overwhelm takes over? Is there a way to pull things back into your control and feel on top of your workload again? Even if you can’t achieve inbox-zero? ‘Having emails pooled into one place, without any prioritisation, can cause overwhelm and stir up the feelings of urgency,’ says Aimee Brown, business strategist and certified online business consultant. ‘We look at our inboxes and the brain thinks that we need to reply to every single email today,’ she adds. ‘Also, in a world where speed is valued and digital connectivity is higher than ever due to instant messengers on social media, this can create a self-induced expectation (and our imagined obligation) to instantaneousness, that makes us obsessed with responding to all emails within record time.’ Aimee says there are practical tips that can help to mitigate this feeling of urgency, but ultimately, a wider mindset shift might be needed in the long-term. So, how can we break free from this bondage we have with our inboxes, and this almost moral burden to reply quickly and be available to respond at all hours? We need to look at the whole system differently. What is the worst that will happen if you don’t clear inbox by the end of every day? You might find you’re actually able to get more important work done in that time, and feel less stressed in the process. ‘Set an auto-responder sign-posting people to commonly requested information, or giving an indication of typical response times – this enables you to feel the comfort that everyone has had a friendly touchpoint and manages expectations for the response,’ says Aimee. ‘You should also try to zone out and gain some perspective, lose the expectation of needing to respond instantaneously and apply the practical tips to prioritise and manage your inbox daily.’ This is where better organisation comes in. If your unread emails are in the thousands, and you don’t have any kind of system with folders or labels, you might need to make some changes to how you manage your inbox. If your job is an email-heavy role, it isn’t always feasible or practical to simply step away from your inbox. But, there are small changes you can do to make your emails much more manageable. ‘Remember that your inbox is always someone else’s agenda,’ says Aimee. ‘Get clear on your priorities/responsibilities for handling your workload, if someone is making demands on your time but it doesn’t fit in your priorities – set up a template holding email, kindly thanking them for their email and then insert the date when you can come back to them – schedule this task to deal with at the later date.’ ‘Schedule time in your day to focus on your emails, i.e. I block out a window in the morning and night but don’t allow myself to be a slave to my emails all day,’ says Hermione. Aimee agrees: ‘Most people check their inbox as soon as they start their day [some even from their bed] which immediately causes stress about what they need to do today, the beginning of the day is usually when you are in your best energy, how could you optimise this energy for your most important tasks instead and check your emails at a later time.’ She adds: ‘If you have emails on your phone – set time limits for specific apps to create boundaries of checking your inbox outside of your hours and protect your wellbeing.’ ‘It is critical to prioritise only the most urgent emails, and return to the good old phone call – You can deal with 10 emails in one call, so don’t be scared to pick up the phone instead,’ suggests Hermione. Aimee adds: ‘The more emails you send out requiring a response will in turn create more traffic into your inbox, if it is possible, can you pick up the phone or have a chat in-person to eliminate the back and forth.’ It’s important to set up a good filing system that allows you to order your emails clearly. ‘If you are copied on emails for reference but not a response, you can set up rules within your inbox to have those emails directly delivered into a specific reading folder,’ says Aimee. ‘Or, if you are consistently copied in for information which isn’t necessary, politely request that you are removed.’ Aimee also suggests using colour-coded flags to prioritise your emails by time, person or subject. ‘Allocate time to file and delete emails, so that your inbox is just a representation of the emails you need to respond to on any given day,’ she adds. ‘Unsubscribe from anything that isn’t delivering value to cut down on unnecessary traffic.’ ‘Being pinged every time an email hits your inbox is an attack on your nervous system, causing you to flip into flight or flight/”I must respond” mode,’ says Aimee. ‘This causes unnecessary stress and a constant distraction from other tasks you may be working on. ‘Allocate specific times to work through your emails in blocks so outside of those times you can increase your efficiency.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman thought she had gained weight, but it was actually a watermelon-sized cyst MORE : How to create the perfect environment for creative writing MORE : How to get more deep sleep every night – and why it’s important