Nick Knowles was seen snogging his girlfriend Katie Dadzie after the pair enjoyed a romantic dinner together. The couple were first spotted together eight months ago and things are clearly going swimmingly for the DIY SOS host, 59, and Katie, 31. They were seen stopping for a smooch in the street after having an Easter dinner in London’s Mayfair. Katie was wearing a pink bodycon dress and strappy heels, with a furry jacket to keep out the chill, while Nick opted for jeans, a shirt and suit jacket. A source told The Mirror: ‘Nick and his girlfriend looked pretty loved up as they wandered down the street. ‘They were smiling and laughing as they looked at the new Bentleys through the showroom window, before hopping in a taxi together.’ The pair were first linked in August 2021 after reportedly meeting at their children’s playgroup some time earlier. Nick, who has four children, is said to have met mum-of-two Katie at a kids’ group which his youngest son attended. Prior to Katie, Nick previously dated PR executive Emily Hallinan, 27, for around a year until they split in February 2020. He then spoke out about his happiness at experiencing the single life, telling The Sun in May 2020: ‘There are times in your life when you are with someone, and there are times when you’re not. And being single can actually be a very positive thing.’ He added: ‘I feel in a better place now than I have done for probably 20 years, just spending some time getting to know yourself before re-entering the fray.’ Nick was also married to second wife Jessica Rose Moor, 33, until 2016, with the pair sharing his youngest child Eddie, seven. The couple, who had a 26-year age gap, had been together since 2009 and married three years later. He was also linked to Towie star Pascal Craymer, 35, in 2017, however she reportedly labelled their string of dates as ‘cringey’ as they parted ways. Nick also dated presenter Suzi Perry, 51, from 2000 until 2003, after meeting while filming for City Hospital together. Nick was with beauty therapist Paula Beckett-Vass for around two years, and the pair share son Tyrian-J. The presenter was married to his first wife Gillian Knowles from 1995 but split after five years of marriage, and share two children, son Charlie, 27, and daughter Tuesday, 26. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nick Knowles slams Jimmy Carr’s game show I Literally Just Told You for ‘playing charities against each other’ MORE : Nick Knowles admits he kept long Covid battle a secret out of fear he wouldn’t get work 