Warner Brothers and DC bosses held an ‘emergency meeting’ to talk through Ezra Miller’s future, it has been claimed. The 29-year-old is due to appear in upcoming superhero flick The Flash, as well as Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore, which is released on April 8. They made headlines after they were arrested last week after allegedly becoming ‘agitated’ at a karaoke bar in Honolulu, Hawaii, and was charged with disorderly conduct and harassment. According to reports, executives met to discuss Miller’s upcoming projects, and allegedly decided to ‘pause’ any future projects. An insider also alleged that Miller would have ‘frequent meltdowns’ during filming of The Flash, and described the Justice League star as ‘losing it’. ‘Ezra would get a thought in [their] head and say, “I don’t know what I’m doing”,’ the source told Rolling Stone. The claims come after Miller was arrested following an alleged incident at a bar in Hawaii. According to police, they ‘yelled obscenities’ and ‘grabbed the microphone’ from a woman who was singing at the karaoke lounge, before ‘lunging’ at a man playing darts. They were released after paying a $500 bail (£380), with a hearing set for April 26. Speaking of the incident on the Hawaii Police Department Facebook page, officers wrote: ‘Shortly after midnight on Monday, March 28, 2022, a 29-year-old visiting from Vermont was arrested and charged for disorderly conduct and harassment after an incident at a bar in Hilo. ‘On Sunday, March 27, at 11:30 p.m., South Hilo patrol officers responded to a report of disorderly patron at a bar on Silva Street. ‘During the course of their investigation, police determined that the [person], later identified as Ezra Miller, became agitated while patrons at the bar began singing karaoke. ‘Miller began yelling obscenities and at one point grabbed the microphone from a 23-year-old woman singing karaoke (disorderly conduct offense) and later lunged at a 32-year-old man playing darts (harassment offense). ‘The bar owner asked Miller to calm down several times to no avail.’ The news comes after a couple obtained a temporary restraining order against Miller after the Hollywood star stayed with them in Hawaii, accusing of harassing and threatening them. Miller was said to have ‘burst into their bedroom’ and ‘threatened the male victim’, warning: ‘I will bury you and your s*** wife’. In documents obtained by Associated Press, they accused of stealing some of the alleged victims’ belongings, including a wallet and passport. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Miller and Warner Bros for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kylie Jenner fans speculate on son’s new name after couple decided Wolf ‘didn’t feel like it was him’ MORE : Yentl and Some Like It Hot actor Nehemiah Persoff dies aged 102 with Barbra Streisand paying tribute 