British officials told a woman pleading for help after being raped in Turkey to ‘carry on with your holiday’ instead of pursuing justice, it has emerged. A damning report by the public services watchdog reveals a catalogue of failures by the Foreign Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO) in the case of ‘Ms B’, finding it scuppered an opportunity to catch the perpetrator. The victim, who was attacked while holidaying with friends, launched a complaint after her request for assistance was met with indifference by officials who ‘did not believe her or take her seriously’. She said she was given no information about local criminal procedures and ‘forced to use my own intuition to preserve forensic evidence’. The report found the woman ‘was led to believe she had given sufficient evidence to the police, did not need a forensic examination and had completed the necessary steps for a criminal investigation, when in fact none of these things were the case.’ A message to the woman from the Vice Consul said: ‘What you now have to do is to carry on with your holiday and enjoy it.’ She also accused the Foreign Office of giving her ‘false hope’ of an investigation on her return to the UK, leading to a forensic medical examination which ultimately proved to have been futile. Her complaint added: ‘The very poor advice and deceitful involvement of the FCDO hindered the assistance of the British Police Force, causing me prolonged suffering, additional anger and unnecessary distress.’ Upholding the complaint, the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman, said the FCDO’s actions left the victim feeling she had ‘no choice’ but to return to Turkey three times to follow up matters with local police. Its report continued: ‘This caused her further unnecessary distress and prolonged her trauma, as well as causing additional costs. Despite her efforts, which included hiring a local lawyer, none of the perpetrators were found. ‘Knowing that an earlier police investigation could have led to a different outcome has compounded Ms B’s trauma.’ ‘The FCDO’s failings led to a missed opportunity for her to bring her attackers to justice,’ concluded the report, which did not name any officials involved in the case or specify the location or date of the incident. ‘The lack of support by FCDO made her feel that her traumatic experience was unimportant. This undermined her ability to heal.’ The Foreign Office has been told to compensate Ms B for her ‘dsitress’ and ‘unnecessary travel and legal expenses’. Ombudsman Rob Behrens said: ‘A young woman who has undergone a deeply traumatic experience has been treated with contempt by the very people who were meant to help her. ‘This is a severe dereliction of duty by the FCDO, which needs to make sure that such mishandling of an incident of serious sexual assault never happens again. ‘In the aftermath of the #MeToo era, people have a right to assume that Government Departments will display the highest levels of awareness and understanding about the importance of women’s safety.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.