Stephen Fry and David Baddiel are among those who have ridiculed the claim made by Tory MP Neil Parish that he was ‘trying to look at tractors’ after being caught watching porn in the House of Commons. Yesterday, the member of parliament for Tiverton & Honiton was identified as the previously unnamed politician who was allegedly spotted watching adult content twice by two female colleagues during a meeting. After being suspended from the parliamentary party, Mr Parish confirmed that he was going to resign from his position, saying he was ‘not proud’ of what happened. Speaking to BBC News, he said: ‘The situation was that – funnily enough it was tractors I was looking at. I did get into another website that had a very similar name and I watched it for a bit which I shouldn’t have done. But my crime – biggest crime – is that on another occasion I went in a second time.’ Following Mr Parish’s announcement, the internet has become awash with tractor talk, as people discussed the politician’s claim that he had originally been trying to visit a website related to the farm vehicle. Mr Fry couldn’t help but poke fun at the claim, sharing a link to the website for Red Tractor, a food chain assurance scheme, as he tweeted: ‘I shouldn’t click on this, but I can’t help myself…’ Comedian Mr Baddiel uploaded a picture of the cover for a book called ‘That’s not my tractor’, a touchy-feely book from the ‘That’s not my…’ children’s series. ‘Neil Parrish publishes autobiography,’ he tweeted mockingly. Former Great British Bake Off presenter Sue Perkins referenced the agricultural machinery manufacturer Massey Ferguson, making a punny joke as she tweeted: ‘When watching tractor porn, does he get a Massey Fergus-on?*’ Meanwhile, radio presenter Julia Hartley-Brewer decided to venture onto Google to actually see what a search for ‘tractor porn’ would come up with, writing: ‘So it turns out “tractor porn” is An Actual Thing,’ alongside a shocked-face emoji. When Mr Parish announced that he was stepping down from his position, he said the incident in the Commons was a ‘moment of madness’. ‘I was wrong, I was stupid, I lost sense of mind,’ he said as he revealed his resignation. ‘I make a full apology. A total full apology. It was not my intention to intimidate.’ he continued. ‘I mean I have 12 years in Parliament and probably got one of the best reputations ever – or did have.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan ‘so sorry’ for Boris Becker after former Wimbledon champion is jailed over bankruptcy case MORE : Gary Lineker ‘turned down Piers Morgan’s job on Good Morning Britain straight away’ during hunt for replacement 