When the Russian invasion of Ukraine started, Vladimir Putin’s forces moved quickly to disrupt communications and knock out the internet. In response, Elon Musk redirected some of SpaceX’s Starlink satellites to help plug the gap. While extremely costly to deploy, satellite tech provides internet for people who live in rural or hard-to-serve places where fiber optic cables and cell towers can’t reach. In the case of Ukraine, connectivity was particularly affected in the southern and eastern parts of the country where fighting has been heaviest. Fighting back, Russia seemingly launched an electromagnetic attack against the private company to disrupt its signal. And failed spectacularly. That’s according to Dave Tremper, the electronic warfare director for the Office of the Secretary of Defense in the United States. Tremper was speaking at a conference this week and praised SpaceX’s response to Russia’s attack. He explained that Starlink engineers were able to reconnect the systems with just a ‘single line of code’ and they reacted to the attack at a blistering pace that the US government itself could learn from. ‘From an EW [electronic warfare] technologist perspective, that is fantastic. That paradigm and how they did that is kind of eye-watering to me,’ Tremper said. ‘The way that Starlink was able to upgrade when a threat showed up, we need to be able to have that ability. We have to be able to change our electromagnetic posture, to be able to change very dynamically what we’re trying to do without losing capability along the way.’ He went on to explain that officials at the Pentagon do things a little less efficiently. In effect, they have to contract out to fix a problem rather than being able to address it instantly in-house. SpaceX has already launched over 1,000 satellites into Earth’s orbit as part of Starlink, which aims to beam high-speed internet to those left behind by traditional cable-based providers. But this is just the beginning of the project – Elon Musk reportedly wants to have tens of thousands of his satellites in space eventually, enabling a seamless connection for all users. Early testing of Starlink was recently opened up to UK residents desperate for a better connection in certain parts of the country. Aaron Wilkes, who lives in Bredgar, Kent, told the PA news agency his household’s fixed line should achieve about 20 megabits per second (Mbps) – significantly less than the 71.8Mbps national average reported by Ofcom for May 2020 – but he said the service often lagged between 0.5 and 1Mbps. Using Starlink, he receives an average of 175Mbps, and up to 215Mbps, meaning games can be downloaded in little over an hour. ‘The ability to be able to download content so quickly compared to our standard BT line is amazing,’ said Mr Wilkes. However, it does not come cheap, at £439 for the hardware and a monthly cost of £89. Plus there are planned outages due to the limited number of satellites and the fact that Starlink is still in early testing. But given the current situation in Ukraine, the ability of Starlink to step in and help from orbit is incredible. MORE : Elon Musk challenges Vladimir Putin to face him in ‘single combat’ MORE : Is Russia really about to cut itself off from the internet? And what can we expect if it does?  