Ewan McGregor and Mary Elizabeth Winstead have both been spotted as they prepare for their upcoming wedding. The Star Wars legend and his Fargo co-star girlfriend are reportedly set to tie the knot today in Los Angeles after meeting in 2016 when they played a couple on the show. Pictured on Thursday, Ewan, 51, looked chilled as he pumped gas into his vintage Porsche with his mum Carol riding shotgun. Donning a casual look, Ewan sported shades in the California sun. Meanwhile, Mary, 37, was spotted looking effortlessly gorgeous as she headed to grab coffee from a cafe in Topanga Canyon. Clutching a bag, she rocked loose trousers, trainers and a white tee, with sunnies on her head. The couple, who welcomed their first child together last year, are set to become husband and wife, with a source telling PageSix: ‘They are more in love than ever — and having their first child together last year just strengthened their bond.’ Mary was previously married to Riley Stearns for seven years but the pair announced they were divorcing in May 2017. The same year, Ewan split from his wife of more than two decades, Eve Mavrakis. In October 2017, Ewan and Mary confirmed their romance, being spotted kissing during an outing in London. Last year, they welcomed their son Laurie. News of Laurie’s arrival emerged when Ewan’s daughter Clara shared a picture of herself and her new brother on Instagram. ‘Welcome to the world little brother ❤️ congratulations to my Dad & Mary – this is the greatest gift,’ she wrote. Ewan is also dad to Jamyan, 20, Esther, 19, and 10-year-old Anouk, whom he shares with his ex Eve. The actor has largely kept his relationship out of the spotlight but last year shared the love for his family when he won an Emmy Award for outstanding lead actor in a limited series for Halston. ‘Mary, I love you so much. I’m gonna take this home and show it to our new little boy, Laurie,’ he said at the time. ‘And to my beautiful girls, who I know are watching, Clara, Esther, Jamyan and Anouk, hello to you too. Thank you very much, everybody!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Liam Neeson would be up for a return to Star Wars – but under one condition MORE : Irvine Welsh rages at Scottish Tories for ripping off Trainspotting quotes for their campaign poster 