Nadine Dorries has gone viral on TikTok for all the wrong reasons after she got a little confused about what her job as culture secretary entails. In a video posted by fellow Tory MP Dr Luke Evans, she jumbles the name of the department she oversees and says she is responsible for making sure the UK has access to superfast broadband, so everyone can ‘downstream’ (rather than ‘download’) movies. She says one of her goals is also to ‘make the internet in the UK the safest internet in the world’. ‘It’s a huge department,’ the Cabinet minister says. ‘We’re responsible for football pitches… tennis pitches in your communities.’ BBC presenter Gary Lineker retweeted the video to his 8.4 million followers and joked: ‘Our minister for sport.’ Taking to Twitter to defend herself after people accused her of not being fit for her role, she said her dyslexia caused her to mix up the words and saying pitch rather than court. In a statement yesterday, the Tory MP said: ‘I have dyslexia, which means that when I speak I often run my words together and say things that sound like the words I’m trying to say. ‘Dyslexia affects people differently. For me, it affects my speech more than my writing, which is why I find solace in writing.’ According to the NHS, dyslexia is a common learning difficulty that mainly causes problems with reading, writing and spelling. Unlike a learning disability, intelligence is not affected. Another symptom is that sufferers can misspeak, misuse, or mispronounce words without realising it. ‘I’ve been in politics a long time and you grow a thick skin,’ she added. ‘It’s why I haven’t spoken publicly much about how it affects me. ‘But I’ve found it tough seeing commentators and media outlets mock me for something that is beyond my control.’ Although the original video has only received a few thousand views, Joe.co.uk reposted it and now millions of people have seen it. Questions were raised if Ms Dorries was fit for to be a culture secretary if she cannot explain what her department’s role is or get simple internet terminology right. Retweeting the video, comedian Lloyd Griffith said: ‘It’s insane that in 2022 people are given jobs with absolutely no experience whatsoever. ‘Imagine being responsible the UK’s digital, culture, media and sport purely because 38,692 Tories voted for you in mid-Bedfordshire.’ Meanwhile, Ms Dorries and Boris Johnson were caught in a copy-paste job on Twitter when they expressed solidarity with Labour MP Angela Rayner, who said she has become a victim of ‘sexism and misogyny’. Within minutes of each other both Tories tweeted: ‘As much as I disagree with @AngelaRayner on almost every political issue I respect her as a parliamentarian and deplore the misogyny directed at her anonymously today.’ Ms Dorries’ gaffe also comes just months after she failed to explain how Channel 4, which the government wants to privatise, is funded. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.