A forensic psychologist has told a court Amber Heard displays signs of a personality disorder which involves ‘extreme effort to be the centre of attention’, while also doubting her claims of post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), as the latest person to testify during Johnny Depp’s libel trial. Dr Shannon Curry said during the trial on Tuesday that Heard suffered not only from borderline personality disorder but histrionic personality disorder, which can involve ‘manipulation tactics to try and get their needs met’. Discussing her observations from clinical interviews she had conducted with Aquaman actress Heard on ‘two separate dates’ in December 2021, in which Dr Curry said they spent 12 hours together, she noted they were consistent with the disorders. The Pirates Of The Caribbean actor is suing former wife Heard for libel over a 2018 article she wrote in The Washington Post, which his lawyers say falsely implies he physically and sexually abused her. The article does not mention him by name. Heard is countersuing for $100million (£76m) claiming Depp libeled her by calling her a liar. Giving evidence, Dr Curry also said there were ‘pretty significant indications that Heard was grossly exaggerating the symptoms of PTSD’. Heard was seen concentrating on notes as well as watching the testimony as Dr Curry told the court of her observations of the two disorders: ‘(There is) a tendency to be very self-righteous but to also deny that self-righteousness and to judge others critically against these high standards. ‘They could use manipulation tactics to try and get their needs met, very needy of attention, approval, acceptance. ‘They tend to distance people who are close to them. Initially they may seem very charming. They’re very socially sophisticated actually.’ Dr Curry added that the instability of a borderline personality disorder can be driven by a ‘terror of abandonment’. She went on: ‘When someone is afraid of being abandoned by their partner or by anyone else…they will make desperate attempts to prevent that from happening. ‘Oftentimes their partners will try to make them happy at first and allow themselves to be a punching bag, thinking that they can somehow solve this problem…eventually it just overwhelms them.’ Dr Curry added that one of the ‘hallmark characteristics’ of a histrionic personality disorder was ‘dramatic presentation’ which she said Heard had demonstrated. ‘When people are displaying these emotions with this personality disorder, there’s a sense of shallowness to it,’ Dr Curry said. ‘People who are observing them will feel like it’s almost play-acting. ‘This disorder involves extreme discomfort with not being the centre of attention, extreme efforts to be the centre of attention. ‘When they feel they’re not the centre of attention you will see some strange things (like) making up stories to try and get attention (or) taking on the victim or princess role. ‘Those are two roles in particular that are pretty consistent.’ On the subject of Heard’s alleged PTSD, Dr Curry said it was a ‘really tough disorder to find out if someone is faking it or not. ‘It’s one of the most easily faked disorders, most of us know what it’s like to feel anxious and a lot of people have seen war movies that depict someone having PTSD.’ Asked about her conclusions, she said: ‘Ms Heard did not have PTSD and there were pretty significant indications that she was grossly exaggerating the symptoms of PTSD when asked about them.’ In his own evidence, Depp has alleged that he, and not Heard, had been the victim of abuse, describing multiple incidents when the actress had thrown objects at him. In cross-examination, Heard’s lawyers questioned Dr Curry about her potential bias, having been hired by Depp and having had dinner and drinks with the actor and his legal team before her appointment. Dr Curry said that this had been part of the interview process. Heard is also expected to take the stand in the trial, which is taking place at the Fairfax County District Courthouse in Virginia, and is expected to last a total of seven weeks. Depp has finished giving testimony of his marriage to the Rum Diaries actress, following a week of shocking revelations. On Tuesday the trial continued with testimony from Tara Roberts, a manager on Depp’s private island in the Bahamas who told the court Depp once passed out drunk in front of his children on a beach in an incident that allegedly took place in the summer of 2013 when Depp took his family on a final trip on his yacht. MORE : Johnny Depp feared ‘bloodbath’ during Amber Heard argument, court hears in audio during libel trial MORE : Johnny Depp and Amber Heard trial: What has happened so far? Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.