Paul Scholes has labelled Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta a ‘disgrace’ following Arsenal’s 3-1 triumph over Manchester United on Saturday. After victory at Chelsea on Wednesday, Arsenal clinched their second significant win in three days as they beat United at the Emirates thanks to goals from Nuno Tavares, Bukayo Saka and Granit Xhaka. However, the match was overshadowed by a number of VAR incidents, not least Arsenal’s penalty for their second goal which was awarded after Alex Telles collided with Saka in the box. As the referee Craig Pawson headed to the touchline to review the incident, Arteta remonstrated with the official and urged the home fans to put pressure on Pawson. Scholes, the former United midfielder, believes the Spaniard’s actions were out of order. He said: ‘I think Arteta is a disgrace there. He shouldn’t be allowed to do that. ‘If you see it again, he actually goes to the crowd to try and influence the referee a little. All the players around them as well. That shouldn’t be allowed.’ Saka’s penalty conversion proved crucial as it ensured the north London side went into the break with the lead after Cristiano Ronaldo pulled a goal back just before half-time. It means Saka has now scored two penalties in his last two games with the 20-year-old having bagged a goal from the spot at Stamford Bridge in mid-week. While successive defeats at Liverpool and Arsenal have all but ended the Red Devils’ Champions League hopes, back-to-back victories have put the Gunners back on course for a top four finish after a run of three league defeats in a row. Speaking after Saturday’s game, Arteta conveyed how happy he was with his team’s response but has urged them to keep on an even keel. He said: ‘I worry even when I win, so imagine. But this is the game, and we have to be focused in what we do and what we want to do, and don’t get too down or too excited after winning.’ MORE : ‘We have to help him’ – Mikel Arteta urges Arsenal fans to support Nuno Tavares MORE : Mikel Arteta provides injury update on Arsenal star Bukayo Saka after Manchester United win For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 