Chilling pictures show hundreds of Russian armoured vehicles travelling to eastern Ukraine preparing for a huge battle. Satellite imagery firm Maxar Technologies shared the images yesterday, which show the convoy moving through the town of Velykyi Burluk, near Kharkiv, on Friday. Tens of thousands of troops are heading towards the areas of Luhansk and Donetsk – collectively knows as the Donbas – in eastern Ukraine. The column of trucks stretches back for an estimated eight miles and includes many vehicles towing artillery. Decisive conflicts are expected there in the coming days, with Russian commanders reportedly thinking their best chance of success lies in the East. Soldiers have retreated from other areas in Ukraine, including around the capital of Kyiv, to focus on the Donbas. Moscow is looking for a victory so it can justify its ‘special military operation’, which so far has failed to capture any major cities. But Ukrainian forces say they are prepared to push back Russian troops. Ukrainian presidential adviser Mykhaylo Podolyak said last night: ‘Ukraine is ready for big battles. ‘Ukraine must win them, including the Donbas. And once that happens, Ukraine will have a more powerful negotiating positions.’ He added he expects the fighting to continue for a further three weeks, then predicts presidents Volodymyr Zelensky and Vladimir Putin will meet to negotiate a settlement. US national security adviser Jake Sullivan said last week: ‘Russia has tried to subjugate the whole of Ukraine, and it has failed. ‘Now it will attempt to take parts of the country under its rule. It may succeed in taking some territory through shear force and brutality. ‘But no matter what happens over the coming weeks, it is clear that Russia will never be welcomed by the Ukrainian people. ‘Instead, its gains will be temporary as the brave Ukrainian people resist Russian occupation and carry on the fight for an independent sovereign nation that they so richly deserve.’ Thousands of Ukrainian people were seen desperately fleeing the Donbas region last week ahead of the expected conflict. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.