Jeremy Kyle has landed his own programme on TalkTV after receiving a mixed response to his return to screens this week. The broadcaster announced he will present his standalone show on the new channel, which is already fronted by Piers Morgan and Sharon Osbourne. Kyle, 56, confirmed the news at the end of Osbourne’s show The Talk on Thursday evening and said: ‘I’m really excited and delighted to announce I’m going to be hosting a brand new primetime show right here on TalkTV. ‘TalkTV is about common sense and it’s about how that news is given to people. This show, with a people’s panel is going to be about news but about how the people the length and breadth of this country respond to that news. ‘I want them involved in the programme, I want them to understand that we understand what they think about the news stories of the day. So really excited working on it now. ‘Not going to tell you when it’s launching and what it’s going to be but super excited and just delighted.’ He added: ‘I feel like this is my home and I’ve spent a long time in the last three years hoping and wishing.’ It comes after Kyle made his big return to TV on Monday, three years after his ITV programme, The Jeremy Kyle Show, was axed following the death of guest Steve Dymond. Appearing alongside Osbourne on The Talk, Kyle discussed current stories dominating headlines alongside panellists Esther Krakue, Tonia Buxton, and JJ Anisiobi. However, viewers were divided over whether Kyle should be back on screens in light of the controversy surrounding his former programme. One tweeted: ‘Wow. @TalkTV hired Jeremy Kyle. It seems as an industry we really do have no standards or accountability anymore.’ ‘Absolutely gutted @TalkTV why would you put Jeremy Kyle back on tv! Now I won’t watch,’ another added. However, others gave the presenter more of a warm welcome, including one who tweeted: ‘Loving TalkTV so far – Piers is his brilliant self and loving Sharon Osborne and Jeremy Kyle’s panel discussion.’ Kyle was hit with intense backlash after the Channel 4 documentary, Death On Daytime, explored the scandal that happened behind the scenes of the popular chat show – which ran from 2005 to 2019 – with former employees claiming bosses were abusive and manipulative. One of the shocking allegations made in the tell-all claimed that the producers weren’t allowed food until guests were booked. After viewers heard of the alleged horrors that occurred behind the scenes, many called on TalkRadio to fire Kyle from his current gig. Kyle addressed the allegations made in the documentary during his drivetime segment last month. ‘I will say only this, my friends, to you. I have maintained a consistent approach over the last three years,’ he said. ‘I have said that I will not comment on the tragic death of Steve Dymond until the legal process is finished, and that is a position that I will maintain.’ He added: ‘When and trust me there will be a time after the inquest, when it is proper for me to have my say, because there are two sides to every story. I will do it here, and I will do it to you, and that is the most important thing.’ The Talk airs weeknights from 9pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Clarkson unveils latest Hawkstone Lager advert that was ‘irritatingly banned’ from TV MORE : Jeremy Kyle’s return to TV three years after death of guest divides TalkTV viewers: ‘Why would you put him back on TV?’ 