Red carpet season is still upon us with The Olivier Awards 2022 inviting the likes of Oti Mabuse, Lily Allen, Eddie Redmayne and Kit Harington through its doors. The prestigious awards ceremony took place at London’s Royal Albert Hall on Sunday to celebrate the best of London theatre. Strictly Come Dancing star Oti, who is used to the glitz and glam on the BBC series and Dancing On Ice, dazzled in a black sequinned strapless gown with silver embellishment. She attended the awards with choreographer James Bennett, who looked dapper in a tuxedo. Oti had a larger role to play at this year’s Olivier as she graced the stage to present an award during the ceremony. Smile singer Lily was accompanied by her husband, Stranger Things actor David Harbour, on the red carpet and kept her look simple yet sophisticated in a black strapless balloon-style dress. It’s been a particularly big year on the stage for Lily as she appeared in the critically acclaimed production 2:22 A Ghost Story. However, she missed out on winning her first Olivier with the best actress going to Sheila Atim for Constellations. Still, Lily didn’t let the loss dampen her spirits and she and David were seen having a raucous time on the car ride home, pulling funny faces for the photographers. Eddie Redmayne was his usual charming self in a striking navy blazer and bow tie, and posed for photos with actress Jesse Buckley. The Cabaret co-stars were in great spirits as they were snapped in fits of laughter on the red carpet. Accepting his award, Redmayne admitted: ‘This is the dream. For me, this is the one. ‘This was the part that I played when I was a kid in school. It was the thing that got my passion for theatre really fuelled.’ The Oscar-winning actor was named best actor in a musical for his performance in the role of Emcee in Cabaret. The revival of the hit show, which transformed the West End’s Playhouse Theatre into the Kit Kat Club, proved to be the hot ticket of the night as it scooped seven of the 11 prizes it was nominated for. Game of Thrones actor Kit seemed to be without wife Rose Leslie as his date for the evening, and rocked up to the red carpet solo looking dashing in a velvet blazer and white shirt. The Crown actress Emma Corrin brought her playful spirit to the awards, donning a seriously camp dress featuring a quirky balloon bra. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Olivier Awards 2022: Eddie Redmayne and Liz Carr among winners at star-studded ceremony MORE : Olivier Awards 2022: Emma Corrin serves high camp in statement balloon bra and dress and we’re in love 