Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson couldn’t keep their hands off each other as they enjoyed a ‘late night snack’ in new photos. The 41-year-old reality star, who recently admitted she’s ‘very happy’ with the Saturday Night Live comedian, uploaded two pictures of herself and her new beau packing on the PDA after sitting down for a meal. In one snap, Pete, 28, wrapped his arms around Kim and embraced her cheek as she held onto him, while another saw them gazing into each other’s eyes. Just kiss already! ‘late nite snack,’ Kim captioned the photos, sending the internet into a frenzy in the process. TV personality Olivia Pierson was among some of the famous faces to comment on the post, writing: ‘The cutest!!!’ Kim’s best friend Jonathan ‘Food God’ Cheban took note of the empty plates on the table, adding: ‘The guy can ORDER!!!’ The romantic images come just one week after Kim admitted she is ‘very content’ in her relationship with Pete. The businesswoman was first linked to the comedian in October 2021 when they were photographed holding hands on a rollercoaster ride. Kim finally confirmed their relationship last month in a post on Instagram, shortly after she was declared legally single after filing for divorce from rapper Kanye West. Discussing her romance with the TV star in a preview of an ABC News special with Good Morning America anchor Robin Roberts, she gushed: ‘I mean, I am a relationship kind of girl, for sure. I wouldn’t be with someone if I didn’t plan on spending a lot of my time with them. ‘Obviously I want to take my time, but I’m very happy and very content and it’s such a good feeling just to be at peace.’ Her mother Kris Jenner described Pete as ‘great’ and ‘a really nice guy’, while sister Khloe said: ‘He just makes her laugh and she laughs all the time.’ Kim filed for divorce from Kanye in February 2021 after they tied the knot in 2014.The pair have four children; North, eight, Saint, six, Chicago, four, and Psalm, two. The split has not been amicable and Kanye has made a string of online attacks on Pete, leading to his Instagram being temporarily locked. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 