The number of people living on the streets of London has risen by 15% over the past year, new figures have shown. Some 363 people were deemed to be living on the streets between January and March 2022, having been spotted more than three times over a three-week time period. This marks a 15% increase from the same period last year but is down about a quarter (26%) from the last three months of 2021, according to the Combined Homelessness and Information Network. However, the number of people seen rough sleeping – who have been spotted at some point but not regularly enough to be considered as living on the streets –  in the capital over the first three months of 2022 has fallen by 10%. Some 2,714 were recorded as sleeping rough between January and March of this year, down from the same time period as 2021 when the country was experiencing its third Covid lockdown. Homelessness charity Crisis says the fall is ‘pleasing’ but has called on the government to provide ‘long-term support’ to help those in need. ‘With thousands still having to endure the brutality of bedding down night after night, and a rise in people living on the streets, we still have a long way to go before we can take our foot off the pedal.’ chief executive Matt Downie said. ‘With rents rising across much of the country and the cost of living soaring for most, we know that budgets are being squeezed from all sides and this pressure is threatening to tip more and more people into homelessness over the coming months. ‘Long-term support is desperately needed so more people aren’t forced into living on the streets.’ A Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities said it was continuing to support councils helping to get people of the streets, having already moved thousands in London into long-term accommodation. ‘We are very pleased to see the reduction in rough sleepers across London, but there is still more to do,’ a spokesman said. ‘Tackling rough sleeping remains a priority for this Government and we’re investing £2 billion over the next three years to end it for good. ‘Councils across the country are continuing efforts to support rough sleepers into permanent homes. ‘In the capital, our latest statistics show that more than 6,500 people have been moved into long-term accommodation and we are working closely with the Mayor’s office, charities, and boroughs to continue this drive and get people the support they need.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.