Brooklyn Beckham has been spotted the day before his wedding to Nicola Peltz as he made the most of some time with his siblings. The eldest Beckham child, 23, was seen looking casual in a white T-shirt and black jogging bottoms as preparations got under way for his big day at Nicola’s family’s £76million estate in Palm Beach, Florida. Brooklyn was seen hanging out near golf buggies with his little sister Harper, 10, before his 17-year-old brother Cruz pulled up on a buggy of his own with a pal. As well as their nuptials themselves, the couple were also hosting a pre-wedding dinner for their celebrity guests the night before the main event. Brooklyn’s parents, David and Victoria Beckham, had already been spotted on the estate and their close celebrity pals including Eva Longoria, Gordon Ramsay and Serena Williams arrived soon after. Tennis ace Serena was seen wearing a grey mini dress as she put an arm around Desperate Housewives actress Eva, who opted for a pink loose-fitting dress, as they walked into the estate together. The pair appeared to be having a great time as they dissolved into giggles together while heading in to take their seats. Gordon Ramsay was also seen walking in suited and booted for the formal occasion as the well-heeled guests enjoyed drinks in the garden beforehand. There has been a heavy security presence at the oceanfront property, owned by Nicola’s parents, billionaire businessman Nelson Peltz and his wife Claudia, ahead of the £3million wedding this weekend. Security officers with guard dogs were seen patrolling the grounds to ensure only those with an invite were able to make it inside. Brooklyn and Nicola got engaged in July 2020 and had planned to get married last year but were forced to push the ceremony back due to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : David and Victoria Beckham arrive at Peltz estate ready for Brooklyn and Nicola’s wedding MORE : Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz ‘avoid Victoria and David’s signature pose’ as body language analysed before wedding 