Any writer will tell you the setting where you write can impact your work. The right view can inspire the most beautiful prose, or the silence of a city at night can give you the brain space to unpick complex plot points. You don’t have to have a luxury writing room in your home, or an idyllic hideaway in the hills to write great work though. Creating the optimum writing setting can be as simple as rearranging your desk, or making sure the lighting is right. So much of writing comes down to listening to your inspiration – going with it when it flows, and giving yourself time when it doesn’t. One thing that is in your control as a writer, is creating the best possible environment to encourage your creativity to shine through. We asked authors, writers and poets about their working setups, and their top tips for creating a calm and inspiring space. Writer and author ‘As a working parent with two school-aged children, it has been difficult to establish a regular writing routine. I’ve learnt to grab time whenever it is available and to always have a notebook or the record function on my phone to hand as I never know when inspiration will strike. ‘I don’t have one specific place where I write. The whole house is up for grabs. I’ve even been known to take my notebook into the bath with me. ‘My favourite spot is at the kitchen table, with my laptop wedged in among the clutter of family life. From here, there’s easy access to the fridge and kettle as a constant stream of snacks and herbal tea is imperative. When absolute peace and quiet is needed, I escape to a small writing desk tucked into the corner of my bedroom. It’s not in the least bit luxurious and often very chilly in the winter, but it’s where I’m least likely to be disturbed. ‘I know a lot of people like to listen to music when they write, but I prefer silence so I can hear my own thoughts clearly. Every so often, I like to read aloud what I’ve written so that I can hear the rhythm and fluidity of each sentence. My writing style tends to have a lyrical quality to it, and I really enjoy creating sentences that not only read well but that sound pleasing. ‘I don’t have a set time of the day during which to write. Sometimes, I leap out of bed with an idea burning a hole in my head and I’m desperate to get it down before the rest of the house wakes up. If I don’t move fast the thought can be easily lost forever. ‘Although, often, I’ll find that I’m still awake well past midnight, wrapped up in my dressing gown, tapping away at my keyboard. When I really get into the flow of it, I can lose myself for hours. ‘I do think it’s important not to become restricted by a particular space or routine – keeping it flexible and spontaneous means I can write just about anywhere, even on the sofa when the kids are demanding food or fighting underfoot and the TV’s at top volume. ‘That said, I do often dream about having a dedicated writing room or study with huge windows, floor to ceiling bookcases, and tons of plants.’ Wellness expert, writer and poet Physical: ‘The physical location is less important to me than the energy of the space. I love writing by the sea or in nature but, most of the time, I end up just sat indoors at my dining room table. ‘Wherever I am, it’s important that I’m able to relax and focus. My writing ritual (meditation then invocation) helps me relax and I burn Sandalwood incense which is supposed to help with focus. I prefer silence, but I tend to be able to zone out background noise, which is why I can write even when there are other people around – but music distracts me because I just end up singing along.’ Mental: ‘To get into the right headspace, I usually meditate before writing. I put my phone on Do Not Disturb and ensure that the only tabs that are open relate to m writing e.g. no email, WhatsApp etc. ‘Honestly, I’m quite bad at taking breaks so I just sync them with when I need to use the bathroom. I take that as an opportunity to walk around for a bit, refill my water and reset my intention.’ Spiritual: ‘Depending on what I’m writing, I pray or invoke my higher soul or my Ancestors to guide me. ‘I always set an intention; what is the reason behind my writing? What message do I want to share?’ Historical mystery writer, author of The Strangled Servant ‘I need somewhere that’s quiet, out of the way but where I can turn on my music and get into the zone. I go to my kitchen and work on a small folding dining table and chairs that date from the early 20th century and set up shop. ‘I’ll only have my laptop, mobile, notepad and pen on the table if I’m transcribing my notes, otherwise, I’ll have a cup of Ceylon tea and M&Ms on the side for when I need an extra boost. ‘I’ll often hide my mobile behind the laptop to forget it’s there so I won’t be tempted to play games. ‘Sometimes, to get in the mindset of writing historical mysteries, I’ll have on the table my antique style candlestick and candle, to give me a visual of what people back then might have had, or I’ll cover the table with sticky notes if I’m figuring out plots and what scenes should happen when. ‘Natural light is best, as I sit facing a window where I can see a tree and the sky, but when it’s rainy or dark I’ll put on the kitchen light. I’m also sat right next to a heater that I’ve covered with magnets, so that keeps me toasty during winter. ‘Seeing the outdoors helps as it reminds me to put in the passage of time and changing seasons in my novels. All the little details help. ‘Music is a huge part of getting me in the mood for writing, and it all depends on the genre I write. If I’m doing short stories in sci-fi or fantasy, I’ve set up playlists on Soundcloud and Spotify for these and they are a huge help. It’s easy to write about witch-hunters and swordfights when the background music is so beautiful and atmospheric. ‘Similarly, I’ve got at least two regency romance playlists on Spotify I’ve been listening to non-stop whilst writing my latest historical mystery novel.’ Journalist, author, poet ‘I like the window open to hear birds, or I’m open to hearing the vacuum cleaner going on, or mundane sounds of home life. ‘I do however shut myself in my bedroom to write, but I’m surrounded by elements that I hope will inspire me. ‘As well as my laptop on the only desk that fits the tiny diskspace, there are books everywhere. I have pictures created by my niece and nephew adorning the walls and I have to have notebooks to physically write thoughts down. These all root me. ‘I also have a pencil case – which has to keep being replenished as the gremlins appear to nick my pens on a regular basis (or I keep losing them – who knows). ‘I read somewhere that a messy desk encourages a creative mind, so if anyone asks – that’s my excuse.’ Author of Good Choices ‘Unless you’re independently wealthy, forget about ideal writing conditions -because writing won’t pay you enough to attain them. ‘If when you start out, your kids have all left home and you already have a house in the shires with an author’s shed to stare out of the window in and the gentle chirruping of the birds on a nearby tree reminds you of the persistence of the human spirit, great. But these days, many freelance writers must work to the blare of traffic and the local eccentric who wanders their road screaming obscenities, all while their pants are drying three feet away from their desk. ‘It would be amazing to have an uber bouji lifestyle, but you would have to be a writer in the fifties. The internet happened, so if you want all the trappings you’ve got three choices – be born well, marry well, or get struck by lightning. (That said – earplugs, yeah.) ‘Identify your most creative time of day and guard it jealously – I find the morning a great time for my most creative work; something about being fresh from sleep, having dreamed, perhaps more in touch with my subconscious, less in thrall to the noise of the newsfeed and the rest of the world. ‘To that end, nowadays I try not to look at my phone or email for at least an hour after I wake up.’ Author of Kololo Hill ‘Creating the “perfect” writing conditions can sometimes be yet another barrier to getting the words down. ‘I wrote my debut novel while working full-time and made myself write whenever and wherever. In fact, most of my first draft was written on my commute – into my smartphone. ‘The only other thing I needed were my noise cancelling headphones.’ Author of The Khan ‘I light a candle at the start of my writing session, to evoke memories or to help me feel calm. I have three small children and so have little time for a wind-down or spa treatment. Lighting the candle helps me make the switch. ‘I’m currently burning one that smells of an dusty tomes and leather bound books called Old Bookshop. ‘I either play an acoustic version of Take On Me by A-Ha or a playlist that I’ve made for the project I’m working on. Take On Me reminds me of being younger, and the lyric “it’s no better to be safe than sorry” reminds me to ignore my inner critic and just write. It’s followed by Fighter by Jung Youth. ‘I’m a believer in the Pomodoro method. Getting started is tricky, so I set a timer for 20 minutes and promise myself a five-minute break afterwards. I’m so engrossed by the time the times rings that I keep going. ‘I keep water with me, and tea. Lots of cups of tea. ‘I’m not very good at verbal affirmations, so I wear three Zox bands on my wrists. They read “Make Mistakes”, “Leap of Faith” and “No One Fights Alone.” ‘During term time, I can’t switch my phone off in case there’s an important call from my children’s school, so I leave it in another room. ‘I also have a clear desk policy. Parenthood means that I can’t always have the most organised space, so I make sure my desk is minimal and clear. ‘I will always shower and get dressed before I write. I treat it like an office job.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Retreat for Black women aims to ‘heal racial exhaustion’ and create space for joy MORE : How to start writing a novel – authors share how they did it MORE : How does quitting social media actually help your mental health?