Millions of people and families across the UK have been given a little relief from the rising cost of living recently, in the form of a council tax rebate. Rishi Sunak announced the rebate in February as part of a series of reforms to help tackle the cost of living which is at a 30 year high. It is accompanied by a rise in the price of council tax, with the average Band D property facing an increase of £67. It’s hoped the rebate will help many people who have been affected by the recent surge in gas and electricity prices, as well as soaring costs elsewhere. But if you haven’t received your rebate yet, when can you expect yours – and how can you be sure you qualify for the payment? According to the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities ‘all council tax rebate grants should be paid as soon as possible’ from April 1 2022. Households in Scotland are also expected to see the rebate payment arrive from the start of April too. If you do not pay via direct debit, then it may take longer for you to receive the rebate. If you are in England or Wales you can check which council tax band you are in by entering your postcode into the Government’s council tax website. If you are in Scotland you can check this via the Scottish Assessors website. In England, households that are in council tax bands A-D will receive the £150 rebate. There is no need to apply for it. The one-off payment will be made directly by local authorities and will not need to be repaid. If you haven’t yet had your rebate, then you should check on your local council website when it is due to be paid. How long you have to wait for it may depend on where you are in the country, with some councils saying that people may even have to wait a few months for theirs to be paid. According to MoneySavingExpert, councils have until September 30 to pay the rebate – so if you haven’t received yours yet then it could still be a while. Councils have been asking people not to contact them regarding the rebate – but you can get in touch with them if you have concerns about financial difficulties, or paying your council tax. MORE : How the cost of living crisis will impact the nation’s mental health MORE : Hundreds of schools cuts teaching hours because they can’t afford energy bills MORE : Nearly two thirds of people in UK struggling to make ends meet Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below