Naked Attraction contestant Nicola said she won’t ‘do anything smaller than an iPhone’ when it comes to choosing men to sleep with. The Channel 4 programme has been keeping fans very entertained in recent weeks as more singletons strip off in the hope of finding love. Wednesday night’s episode saw Nicola re-introduced to viewers by host Anna Richardson in a selection of the series best bits. Nicola, who was on the lookout for her third husband, had a pretty interesting list of requirements. When the contestant was shown the bottom halves of her potential suitors’ bodies, Anna said: ‘There’s quite the sausage selection.’ She was pretty pleased with what was on offer, replying: ‘Green, definitely tickling my fancy. ‘Oh my goodness, that would make your eyes water.’ The host cheekily asked Nicola what the biggest penis size she’d ever sampled was. ‘A good solid nine inches and girthy,’ she revealed. ‘I don’t tend to do anything smaller than an iPhone otherwise it’s a friend zone situation.’ Anna went on to probe her further: ‘What kind of lover are you? Are you a good lover?’ But she didn’t seem quite self-assured, replying: ‘I used to think so but my ex used to say I had all the sexual allure of a McDonald’s drive-thru you just leave strangely unsatisfied.’ The two-time divorcee confidently labelled herself ‘number one MILF in the 45-50 category.’ She also impressed by showing her passion for travel, and is able to say ‘I love c**k’ in seven different languages. Nicola demonstrated her talent for linguistics by speaking the phrase in German and Spanish on the show. It comes after presenter Anna told Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries she isn’t welcome on the dating series after announcing plans to privatise Channel 4. When asked whether Nadine could change her view over the controversial move, the 51-year-old host shut it down by insisting she would ‘never have her’ on the reality series. ‘I just think that, even though Naked Attraction is about the beauty of the body. I think ultimately it comes down to personality, doesn’t it?’ she said during her interview on Times Radio. ‘And I think that Nadine has shown her true colours in all ways.’ Naked Attraction airs Wednesdays from 10pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Derry Girls star Nicola Coughlan sticks middle finger up at privatisation of Channel 4 after season 3 launch MORE : Great British Bake Off fans praise Channel 4 announcer’s ‘savage’ jibe over privatisation plans: ‘Well played’ 