Rob Savage started converting his 3ft by 6ft garage into a tiny cafe during lockdown. Now he sells cakes, coffees and cups of tea from the space – making it one of the UK’s smallest cafes. The 51-year-old opened the venue, at his home in Redfield, Bristol, with the aim of bringing his local community together during the pandemic. In total, it took Rob more than a year to build – something that was particularly challenging with material shortages. He explains: ‘I made it in response to a demand that became apparent during lockdown where basically there was nothing around. ‘I realised that actually there was something lacking in the area for the local community. ‘We came up with this idea of making a small takeaway coffee and cake place for the neighbourhood.’ The cafe, named ‘3ft 6’ after its dimensions, officially opened earlier this year and runs from 10am-3pm at weekends. And business is booming – so much so, customers come and enjoy their takeaway goodies on the provided seating outside his terraced home. Rob continues: ‘It’s very much about being a neighbourhood cafe. ‘I made it in response to a demand that became apparent during lockdown where basically there was nothing around. ‘I realised that actually there was something lacking in the area for the local community. ‘We came up with this idea of making a small takeaway coffee and cake place for the neighbourhood.’ While the cafe is on the smaller side, with it being a ‘bit like tetris’ behind the counter, Rob says he makes it work and that it’s been a lovely addition to the local area. He adds: ‘I’ve been here for nearly 20 years and I’ve seen a massive change in people caring. ‘There’s a real sense of community, a real sense of neighbourhood – and hopefully this adds to it.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Inside the ‘world’s loneliest home’ on sale for £250,000 MORE : Fairytale chateau on sale for less than a London flat MORE : You’ll either love or hate this all-black flat on sale for £375,000 in Manchester