Helen Skelton’s husband Richie Myler is reportedly in a new relationship a week after the Countryfile presenter confirmed their split. Earlier this week, TV host Helen, 38, revealed they were ‘no longer a couple’ and that Richie had ‘left the family home’ after eight years of marriage. It’s not known what caused the split, which appeared to come suddenly with Helen giving birth to their third child in December. According to reports, the rugby star, 31, ‘is in the very early stages of a relationship’ with someone new. ‘Richie appears to have been spending a lot of his free time with this younger, successful businesswoman,’ a source told The Sun. Helen shared the devastating news of their split in her Instagram stories on Monday night. She told her followers: ‘Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co parent our small children.’ The estranged couple tied the knot in December 2013 and share three children; Ernie, six, Louis, four, and three-month-old Elsie Kate. Helen’s last Instagram post with Richie was in February, as she shared a sweet selfie of the pair of them in the kitchen together, joking ‘That time I bumped Into you in the kitchen for ten minutes’ as she commented on the chaos of being a new family of five. The former Blue Peter presenter recently jetted off for a sun-drenched holiday with her children over the Easter break, seemingly without Richie, just days before announcing their split. Sources have since claimed that it’s unlikely Helen and Richie will reconcile, stating: ‘It’s so sad, but friends don’t think there is a way back for them. She’s really sad about it. Friends are really worried for her, but there is no way back sadly.’ Richie is yet to speak out about the split. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Richie Myler and Helen Skelton’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Helen Skelton: Who is her husband Richie Myler? MORE : Ten Percent stars reveal unusual object Helena Bonham Carter carried around on set of Call My Agent remake 