Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker have secretly married in a wedding ceremony, it has been claimed. The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star and Blink-182 rocker are thought to have tied the knot in Las Vegas, following the Grammys this weekend. According to TMZ, they wandered in to a wedding chapel at around 1.30am on Monday, just hours after the musician performed on stage at the MGM arena. The publication states that the pair, dubbed Kravis, were married by an Elvis impersonator in the low-key ceremony. It seems that they were prepared for and already had a marriage license, which they presented to the owner of the One Love Wedding Chapel – who also served as a witness to their nuptials. They also didn’t allow any official pictures to be taken of their impromptu celebrations from the venue – instead bringing their own photographer along with them. It is not clear whether any of their famous family members were in on the ceremony, but they are said to be planning ‘several’ other celebrations to commemorate their union. Kourtney and Travis are said to have started dating in December, 2020, but didn’t go public with their budding relationship until the following February. Since then, they have been inseparable, sharing PDA-packed glimpses of their romance on social media and on many red carpets. They took things to the next level in October of last year when Travis got down on one knee in very romantic scenes. The I Miss You singer popped the question to the mom-of-three on the beach at the Rosewood Miramar hotel in Montecito, California, presenting his now-wife with a huge diamond ring. It wasn’t long before they announced their happy news on social media, with Kourtney sharing pictures as she kissed her partner during a celebratory dinner with family and friends. ‘Forever @travisbarker,’ she confirmed at the time. Kourtney’s mom Kris Jenner and sisters Kim, Khloe, Kylie and Kendall Jenner were on-hand to help the pair celebrate their engagement in style and were said to be present for the proposal. ‘Travis escorted Kourtney down to the beach, where he had red and white florals set up in the shape of a heart,’ a source told E! News. ‘It looked very romantic. I could see Kourtney smiling from ear to ear and put her hand over her mouth looking surprised. The family cheered for them and went back into the hotel.’ Another insider added that ‘they surprised [the duo] afterwards inside the hotel’. The scenes were also captured for scenes in their upcoming Hulu reality series, The Kardashians, which is due to hit our screens on April 14. The wedding marks the first time that Kourtney has walked down the aisle – she was in a high-profile relationship with Scott Disick for nine years before they split in 2015. The former couple share children Mason, Penelope and Reign together. Meanwhile, Travis is dad to daughter Alabama Luella Barker and Landon Asher Barker from his marriage to Shanna Moakler, and is also stepfather Atiana De La Hoya. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Kourtney and Travis for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore review: Eddie Redmayne franchise is still fun but starting to lose its magic MORE : Steve Coogan brands Will Smith’s Oscars slap ‘an appalling arrogance’ 