Between Britney Spears being pregnant and Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck getting engaged, it may horrify some people to learn that a whole two decades have in fact passed since the noughties. We know, we could have sworn it was just yesterday. But the cruel passing of time does allow for one positive – a cracking bit of nostalgia, especially for iconic films like The Sweetest Thing which has (brace yourselves) just turned 20. The 2002 rom-com follows Christina (Cameron Diaz) as she’s forced to educate herself on the etiquette of wooing the opposite sex when she finally meets Mr Right. Not to mention it gave us the, erm, unforgettable You’re Too Big To Fit In Here scene among many others. Never forget. So, two decades on…what have the cast been up to? Christina actress Cameron gave us everything from My Best Friend’s Wedding and The Holiday to Charlie’s Angels and, of course, voicing Princess Fiona in Shrek and its sequels. However, since 2014, Cameron has stepped back from acting. She told Kevin Hart on his talk show: ‘When you do something at a really high level for a long period of time, when you’re the person that is delivering one thing, you’re the person on the screen, all parts of you that isn’t that has to sort of be handed off to other people.’ Cameron added: ‘For my personal, spiritual self, I was realising that that one part of me that functioned at a high level wasn’t enough. It’s fun to do, I love it, I love acting, I could go forever, I sometimes feel like I have unlimited energy and inertia. ‘I just looked around and there were so many parts of my life that I wasn’t touching and that I wasn’t managing, and I couldn’t really manage, because everything was so massive.’ She’s since been spending time with her family away from the spotlight, after marrying Benji Madden in 2015. Christina, who played Courtney in The Sweetest Thing, has appeared in films like Anchorman 2 and Bad Moms, as well as appearing in TV shows, including a couple of appearances in Friends. She went on to star in the TV series Dead To Me as Jen Harding. Last year, Christina was widely praised for opening up about her battle with Multiple Sclerosis (MS). MS is a condition that can affect the brain and spinal cord, causing a wide range of potential symptoms, including problems with vision, arm or leg movement, sensation or balance. She explained: ‘‘It’s been a tough road. But as we all know, the road keeps going. ‘As one of my friends that has MS said “ we wake up and take the indicated action”. And that’s what I do.’ She married Dutch musician Martyn LeNoble ​in 2013. Selma, who played Jane, went straight from Legally Blonde in 2001 to The Sweetest Thing in 2002 and if that doesn’t make her a queen of the rom-coms, we don’t know what does. Afterwards, Selma appeared in films like Guillermo Del Toro’s Hellboy and its sequels, before taking on TV series like Anger Management, Another Life, and Lost In Space. Her latest role was in the film Far More in 2021. Selma was also diagnosed with MS in 2018, with the star supporting Christina amid her battle. Last month, to mark MS Awareness Month, the actress shared a video to her Instagram page that included a slideshow of throwback photographs depicting her battle with the autoimmune disease. Captioning the post, she wrote: ‘March is #MSAwareness month. May we all find the strength to persevere.’ In 2004, she married Ahmet Zappa although the pair divorced in 2006. Peter actor Thomas has also had a stellar career since The Sweetest Thing. In 2004, he starred in iconic action film The Punisher, with the actor also playing Joe Miller in The Expanse from 2015 to 2019. He’s got various films in post-production currently. In 2006, Thomas married Patricia Arquette, although the pair divorced in 2011. After The Sweetest Thing, Roger actor Jason appeared in films like Forgetting Sarah Marshall and Couples Retreat and became the actual king of comedy and drama. He starred as Michael Bluth in Arrested Development for a whopping 16 years, from 2003 to 2019, and went on to star as Marty Byrde in Ozark – new episodes of which are coming very soon. As well as smashing it as an actor, Jason also directed many episodes of Ozark, before stepping down from his role behind the camera during the Covid-19 pandemic. Parker, who played Judy in The Sweetest Thing, has in recent years turned her hand to TV, reuniting with Selma on Lost In Space in 2018. She’s also appeared in Skylanders Academy and Search Party, and is currently filming a new flick, The Parenting. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bend It Like Beckham cast as film turns 20: Where are they now? MORE : Simon Cowell shows off more natural look at Kids’ Choice Awards after revealing he’s had ‘horror film’ fillers removed