Jamal Edwards died holding his mother Brenda’s hand. An emotional Brenda returned to Loose Women on Monday and revealed that she got a little comfort from knowing she was there for her son in his dying moments. Monday’s episode featured a pre-recorded interview with Brenda, marking her first appearance on the show since the loss of her son, Jamal. Jamal, an entrepreneur, author and the founder of SBTV died suddenly in February aged 31 following a suspected heart attack. Brenda’s interview with Coleen Nolan is the first time she has spoken publicly about Jamal’s death, and the first time she has rejoined her co-stars since his death. She told Coleen in an open and emotional interview that she was ‘doing okay,’ and ‘taking each day as it comes.’ Recalling the evening of Jamal’s death, she said: ‘I was with him. His sister was with us. We were all at home. ‘It was sudden and it was unexpected and he went into a cardiac arrest and he passed with me holding his hand,’ she said. ‘I get a little bit of comfort from knowing that I was with him.’ She added however that, while she was glad she was there for him at the end, ‘that’s a vision that I’m never going to forget.’ Brenda said the messages she received after his death were ‘overwhelming’ but she took solace in knowing how much he meant to so many people. ‘He’s definitely here,’ she added. Despite his unexpected death, Jamal had left details for what he wanted in the event, including for his funeral, or as Brenda called it his ‘homegoing.’ ‘He was born in Luton, we went back to Luton and had his homegoing there,’ she recalled. ‘Everyone wore blue or white, the music was there, he had live entertainment. It was really really lovely.’ ‘When we laid him to rest it was really beautiful. We looked up at the clouds and there was a jay.’ Brenda addressed the fact that the announcement of his passing was ‘taken away’ from her, as it was reported elsewhere before she had the chance to tell people the news, and admitted she found it ‘hard’. The interview was confirmed earlier this week, with a preview clip of the interview seeing Brenda sharing her desire to get back to the show. ‘It has been great, having the ladies there,’ she told Coleen. ‘That is something that has been a big part of my life and the kids’ lives. I need to return.’ Brenda previously confirmed the news of her son’s death in a statement shared with Good Morning Britain. ‘It is with the deepest heartache that I confirm that my beautiful son Jamal Edwards passed away yesterday morning after a sudden illness,’ she wrote. ‘Myself, his sister Tanisha, and the rest of his family and friends are completely devastated. He was the centre of our world.’ Brenda has naturally been left devastated by the death of her only son, and last month paid tribute as she faced her first Mother’s Day without him. It included a photograph showing Brenda as a young mother with her arms wrapped around Edwards and Tanisha. She captioned the post: ‘Always and Forever. 💙’ Loose Women airs weekdays from 12.30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brenda Edwards confirms return to Loose Women following son Jamal Edwards’ death MORE : SBTV pays tribute to Jamal Edwards after founder’s sudden death aged 31: ‘He left a great void in our lives’ 