Policing minister Kit Malthouse has said the cost-of-living rise will be ‘tricky’ for his household, on the same day he is set to receive a pay rise of £2,212. MPs’ salaries rose to £84,144 on Friday, up by 2.7%, after the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority (IPSA) announced last month their pay would go up for the first time in two years. Mr Malthouse, who as a minister of state earns an extra £31,680, making his total salary £115,824, said he was ‘feeling it very significantly’ due to the rise in oil price. The minister told LBC: ‘Obviously the day-to-day is quite tricky. ‘As you know, I’ve got children. They need to be fed and that cost is rising. ‘My fuel prices are rising quite significantly, and I have to say that in my constituency I’m on oil central heating still, sadly.’ It comes on the same day the biggest jump in domestic energy bills in living memory has come into effect, and days before national insurance contributions will increase by 1.25 percentage points. Mr Malthouse, Conservative MP for North West Hampshire added: ‘Oil, I’m afraid to tell you, doesn’t come under the energy price cap, and lots of people in rural areas are suffering from the oil price rise. ‘So we are feeling it very significantly. I have to confess to you, we did convert last year to electric vehicles, so we are feeling the electric price but not through the petrol. So it is a challenge for everybody.’ In October Conservative MP Sir Peter Bottomley spoke out about the struggles of living on an MP’s salary on the day Universal Credit was cut for the most vulnerable in the country. He called it ‘desperately difficult’ for many of his colleagues. Mr Malthouse acknowledged it will be ‘very tough’ for people. He told Sky News: ‘We completely acknowledge that a combination of factors has meant that prices are rising significantly, energy prices in particular, driven by a variety of factors – post-pandemic, the war in Ukraine, other kinds of global factors outside of our immediate control – and it is tough. ‘For those of us who have a smart meter, as we do here in my house, we can see how much it is costing us on an hourly basis, and it is not happy reading.’ Mr Malthouse said there is hope that inflation will ‘recede shortly’ and Chancellor Rishi Sunak is studying the impact of the cost-of-living crisis. When it was put to him that the Chancellor did not do enough to help the public in the spring statement, Mr Malthouse replied: ‘He has moved twice now to bring in assistance.’ Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer told Sky News the Government does not get ‘the scale of the problem for millions and millions of people’. He added: ‘People don’t want a revolution. They do want to know “how am I going to pay my energy bill which has just gone up today by hundreds of pounds”.’ Charities have warned that 2.5 million more households are set to fall into “fuel stress” as the 54% increase hits bills. The Resolution Foundation think tank said the number of English households in fuel stress – those spending at least 10% of their total budgets on energy bills – was set to double overnight from 2.5 to five million. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.