Earlier this month Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz tied the knot, aged 23 and 27 respectively. SInce then, Romeo, the second eldest Beckham brother, has announced that he feels ready to pop the question to his girlfriend Mia Regan, at the ripe old age of… 19. The above pause is not suggesting there’s anything wrong with that. In fact, on a personal level, I feel envious that someone could be so self assured in their teen years that they feel ready to make a decision of such magnitude. At that stage, most people (and I am absolutely including myself here) are still at the point of feeling so completely out-of-control that they’re happy to just make it through a night out in one piece – or even in a couple of pieces. For many, feeling completely sure of anything at the age of 19 is rare – and marriage is a whole other ball game. This is evidenced by the fact that the average age of getting married is getting older all the time. Latest Office of National Statistics figures state that it’s now 35.7 for women and 38 for men. But waiting is not necessarily better. ‘Early relationships often appear more straightforward, with greater optimism and goodwill. This might be associated with open mindedness and flexibility,’ explains Dr Gemma Harris, a clinical psychologist known as @theexdoctor on Instagram. ‘Furthermore, by growing within a relationship, it is likely that the couple develop styles that co-exist well together. ‘By contrast, certainly those seeking long term relationships and marriage in their 30’s and 40’s can be burdened not only by past relationship trauma and grief, but by self-imposed pressure to find a suitable partner. ‘This type of anxiety can create tensions in relationships.’ Alex Mellor-Brook is a relationship expert and co-founder Select Personal Introductions. He explains that there may be benefits in committing to a life partner early, adding that, if as a couple you allow yourselves the time to develop as individuals while offering the support and attention needed for the relationship, you’ve got a good chance of going the distance. ‘This means you will grow as a couple both in friendship and in marriage,’ he says. ‘All the events and experiences will be enjoyed together; helping each other through the tough times, but sharing the euphoria of the good times. You will enjoy a wealth of memories and share an enviable history. ‘These benefits will influence the entire relationship. From being able to share the difficulties of our earlier adult life to life experiences gained throughout the relationship journey.’ But of course, not having the space to develop as an individual alone, rather than as part of a couple, may not work for some people. ‘Getting married young may be the best decision you ever make or it may stop your personal growth,’ Alex adds. ‘If you put all your focus into the marriage and don’t dedicate some of that time to your own personal development, you will lose a sense of who you are. This will eventually have a negative impact on your relationship in the future.’ On that note, marrying very young, especially if it’s before you’re completely ready does come with potential setbacks. ‘Getting married young may mean you haven’t quite fully grown into yourself as a person yet,’ explains Gemma. ‘Realistically, all kinds of things impact how we explore and define our identity, but any significant relationship is likely to influence our sense of self. ‘Often, in the context of an intense relationship from a young age, that means our identity is hard to separate from the relationship; it is codefined, interwoven with the partnership. ‘Similarly, successful relationships are those that are flexible, and adapt to the partner’s evolution over time. ‘When you marry young, you likely will find it hard to predict all the ways you and your priorities might change over time, and those changes might be greater in frequency and intensity when your relationship started at a young age. ‘If a person’s identity has evolved in the context of a relationship, the threat of separation or a breakup can be particularly devastating, but even greater separation within a marriage (for example children getting older and parents having less connection) can create a void that needs to be repaired.’ Alex also suggests thinking of the practicalities. He says: ‘Marrying too young means you may not be emotionally ready to make those big life decisions like parenting, owning your own house, and all the financial constraints that can come with that. ‘You may miss out on some life experiences that most single young people gain.’ The main thing that matters is that any agreement to get married is right for both individuals, and that couple, regardless of age. And a lot of the time, the beliefs of others and cultural norms influence what we believe to be ‘normal’ or ‘acceptable’. ‘When you enter into marriage there will be external views on how, what, when, where and who the marriage to should happen and be like,’ explains Ness Cooper, clinical sexologist and sex and relationship coach at The Sex Consultant. ‘It doesn’t matter at what life stage individuals are when encountering differing views from friends and family when it comes to marriage, but when marrying younger there can be some very strong opinions due to many people feeling that individuals need to go through certain processes before settling down. ‘Often these processes will be things that typically happen at different stages of ageing, and will have social psychological and cultural expectations added onto them.’ Ness explains that therefore, when individuals break away from these patterns (often heteronormative ones), they can experience internalised doubt and shame, as they are going ‘against’ what they’ve been taught about how life ‘normally’ goes. ‘I would question whether or not those beliefs are their own or something that they have been taught to culturally expect from others when it comes to marriage,’ she says. ‘Many marriages don’t conform social or cultural expectations, but we may be unaware of these often-private differences in relationship dynamics. ‘When couples marry younger, it’s just a noticeable difference to what is normally acceptable or not. ‘Unfortunately some individuals can fixate on this a bit too easily when in fact the relationship between the married couple is similar to other relationships that happen older.’ There is an element of judgement there, at those daring to go against waht is expected. But clearly everyone – and every partnership – is different. And there is no right or wrong answer. ‘There is no perfect formula for getting marriage decisions right. However, those that are realistic about the challenges that marriage brings, that are open to naming conflict and understand negotiation and compromise are vital are entering marriage with a long-term mindset. ‘The question isn’t, “does this feel great”, but rather “do we work well as a team”, “do we have the goodwill, communication and connection that allows us to work through complexity and change?”’ No matter your age, Gemma suggests viewing marriage as a starting point, rather than the finish line. ‘This helps take away the idealized fairytale romanticism of marriage, and views it as the contract it is,’ she explains. ‘Be open to communicating about your hopes and aspirations for the future – nobody has a crystal ball, but checking you share alignment on key preferences is important ‘And talk about what marriage means to you – for some people marriage comes with a set of implicit rules. Make all of that explicit from the start.’ There is no right or wrong time to get married, echoes Alex. ‘The most important thing Always remember to be respectful, be honest, loyal, caring and learn to communicate properly with each other. ‘And remember to take time to grow personally as well as a couple.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to secretly work out your partner’s ring size ahead of a proposal MORE : Can you really fall in love with someone if you don’t speak the same language? MORE : The weirdest places Brits have had sex, from rollercoasters to churches