A Conservative MP has submitted a letter of no confidence in Boris Johnson and accused the Prime Minister of not being ‘worthy’ of his position. Former Tory chief whip Mark Harper made the damning intervention on the first day that the PM appeared in the Commons following his fine for breaking his own Covid laws. Mr Harper tweeted his letter to the chair of the 1922 Committee of backbenchConservatives, Sir Graham Brady, stating that he no longer has confidence in Mr Johnson’s leadership. He also told MPs: ‘Our country needs a Prime Minister who exemplifies those values. ‘I regret to say that we have a Prime Minister who broke the laws that he told the country they had to follow, hasn’t been straightforward about it and is now going to ask the decent men and women on these (Conservative) benches to defend what I think is indefensible. ‘I am very sorry to have to say this but I no longer think that he is worthy of the great office that he holds.’ Mr Johnson responded: ‘I know the care and the sincerity with which he weighs his words and I bitterly regret what has happened… ‘But I do believe that it is the job of this Government to get on with the priorities of the British people and that is what we are going to do.’ In his letter, Mr Harper, the MP for Forest of Dean, accused the PM of presiding over a ‘toxic culture in No 10’. He added that it was ‘difficult to avoid the conclusion that the Prime Minister has misled Parliament’. ‘The clearest example of the toxic culture in 10 Downing Street that the Prime Minister fostered was the partying by senior political appointees hours before Her Majesty The Queen laid to rest her beloved husband of 73 years during a period of national mourning,’ Mr Harper wrote. ‘Given we now know that the Prime Minister broke the law and there was systemic law-breaking in 10 Downing Street it is difficult to avoid the conclusion that the Prime Minister has misled Parliament. ‘It is especially at times of international crisis and tensions that our country needs a Prime Minister who commands trust, obeys the law and exemplifies the very values that we are trying to defend.’ Under the ministerial code, ministers should resign if they mislead Parliament. If 54 Tory MPs submit a letter of no confidence to the 1922 Committee, the PM will face a vote of no confidence in his leadership. Various other Conservatives have submitted letters but the exact number is not revealed unless a no confidence vote is triggered. Mr Johnson has refused to resign after he and his wife Carrie and Chancellor Rishi Sunak were also issued with fixed-penalty notices (FPN) last week. Reports suggest many more could follow. Various Conservatives and other politicians have already called on the PM to go. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Boris Johnson jeered by angry MPs as he issues grovelling apology over parties