Brooklyn Beckham has been spotted looking very zen on the morning of his wedding to Nicola Peltz, donning an all-white look and zooming around on a golf cart. The eldest Beckham child is set to say ‘I do’ on the Peltz family estate in Florida, with a very star-studded guest list. The celebrations have already begun with the rehearsal dinner last night and, on the morning of the big day, Brooklyn was spotted enjoying some quality time with a very important family member – his and Nicola’s pet puppy. Brooklyn could be seen driving the golf cart with one hand, with the fluffy white pup slung over his shoulder. The 23-year-old smiled contentedly as he held the dog close, and headed into another estate in Palm Beach. His younger brother Cruz, 17, was also seen…cruising about on a golf cart as the family prepares for the big day. The ceremony will take place later on today, with Brooklyn and Nicola, 27, set to tie the knot under a chuppah as is tradition in Jewish weddings. Their families will play big roles – David Beckham, the father of the groom, will be the master of ceremonies and is thought to be taking his role very seriously. We would expect nothing less, Becks! Harper, Brooklyn’s younger sister, will be a bridesmaid, while Nicola’s older brother Brad will be the man of honour. Brooklyn is also set to take Nicola’s surname as his middle name once they’re married, and will be known as Brooklyn Joseph Peltz Beckham. ‘Brooklyn is head over heels for Nicola – it’s a huge sign of his commitment to her, and his love for her,’ a source told The Sun. Famous friends of Brooklyn’s parents have already been spotted arriving at the estate, with Eva Longoria, Serena Williams and Gordon Ramsay attending a pre-wedding dinner the night before. The A-list guests don’t stop there, as Snoop Dogg previously said he’s going to DJ at the reception, while some of the Spice Girls are expected to attend. We won’t be getting a full reunion though, as Geri Horner is thought to be unable to make it. Emma Bunton also won’t be there, sharing a sweet message for Brooklyn and Nicola on Instagram. She wrote: ‘These two beautiful souls are getting married today! I’m so sorry i couldn’t make it there to celebrate you both. ‘We Love you all very much. @victoriabeckham @davidbeckham try not to cry to much!! #happytears.’ As preparations got into full swing, with marquees being spotted at the Peltz estate, Brooklyn was seen hanging out with his younger siblings. Meanwhile, the bride – who will be serving Valentino with her wedding looks – kept a lower profile. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz wedding: What is a chuppah? MORE : Brooklyn Beckham ‘to take Nicola Peltz’s name’ after couple marry in £3million ceremony 