Ellen DeGeneres has filmed the last ever episode of her talk show. The 64-year-old star has reflected on how much has changed around the world since The Ellen Show first aired in 2003, and thanked fans for their support over the years. She wrote on Instagram: ‘Today we taped the final episode of The Ellen Show which airs on May 26th. ‘When we started this show in 2003, the iPhone didn’t exist. Social Media didn’t exist. Gay marriage wasn’t legal. ‘We watched the world change, sometimes for the better, sometimes not. But whatever was happening, my goal was always for the show to be a place where we could all come together and laugh for an hour. ‘Being invited into your lives has been the greatest privilege of my life and has brought me incredible joy. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.’ Ellen has seen over 4,000 guests appear on her Emmy-award winning talk show over 19 seasons, and the final episode will feature some heavy hitters. Kim Kardashian, Michelle Obama, Channing Tatum, Zac Efron, Serena Williams, Jennifer Garner, Adam Levine, Gwen Stefani, David Letterman and Ellen’s wife Portia de Rossi make up the star-studded line-up. The last episode comes a year after Ellen confirmed the news to end her talk show, following a string of ‘toxic workplace’ allegations. The Ellen Show was hit with intense backlash in July 2020 as former employees claimed that the set was filled with racism, fear, and intimidation. Despite the subsequent scrutiny, the comedian vowed that the claims made in the summer didn’t contribute to her decision in ending the series, as she said: ‘If I was quitting the show because of that, I wouldn’t have come back this season. So, it’s not why I’m stopping. ‘But it was hard because I was sitting at home, it was summer, and I see a story that people have to chew gum before they talk to me and I’m like, “Okay, this is hilarious.” ‘ The Ellen Show airs weekdays at 2pm on ITV2 and the final episode airs on May 26. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian screams and runs off stage during prank on Ellen Show: ‘You’re not doing this to me’ MORE : Ellen DeGeneres says emotional farewell after almost 20 years in chat show’s final season teaser 