Julia Bradbury has spoken about her fears after being diagnosed with breast cancer and undergoing a mastectomy. The TV presenter, 51, revealed in September last year that she had been diagnosed with the illness and was set to have a mastectomy. Since her diagnosis, Julia has been open about her journey and documents her experience to raise awareness of breast cancer and encourage people to check their breasts for any irregularities. She previously spoke of the ‘brutal’ treatments for cancer, saying she felt ‘utterly bewildered’ prior to the surgery and a great sense of ‘relief’ once it was over. The mum-of-three is now rebuilding her life after the successful operation, and is currently on holiday in Mauritius to soak up the sun with son Zephyrus, 10, and seven-year-old twin girls Xanthe and Zena. She spoke to Hello! magazine from the tropical island where she admitted she ‘wasn’t sure that I would ever travel again – and certainly wasn’t sure whether I’d wear a bikini again.’ The former Countryfile presenter said everything in her life appears ‘heightened’ at the minute as she is still ‘coming to terms with everything’ that happened in recent months. ‘The skies are a deeper shade of blue, the patterns of nature are more striking than usual,’ she said. ‘I’m taking it all in.’ She added: ‘I have this feeling of embracing everything now, grabbing everything that life has to offer with open arms.’ Julia explained that she was working on changing her lifestyle, was meditating every day, sleeps well and has cut out almost all alcohol, joking it would be ‘a long time’ before she’s dancing on tables again. Right now, she and husband Gerard Cunningham are spending all the time they can with their children, with Julia telling the three kids they can do anything they want on their holiday. ‘They are this size for such a short time, you blink and they’re gone,’ she said. ‘I want to enjoy every one of those moments and they’re even more magnified and precious now.’ Julia’s fears about not being able to travel and never being comfortable in a bikini thankfully turned out to be unfounded, with the star sharing a swimsuit snap from the beach this week to her 200k followers. In the radiant Instagram post, Julia said she feels ‘fortunate’ to have had immediate breast reconstruction and to have had things go her ‘way’ after receiving her diagnosis. Getting candid, Julia captioned the post: ‘I had no idea what life after a #mastectomy would be like. I feel incredibly grateful that some things have gone my way during my #breastcancer diagnosis. ‘Each of our stories is different… I was fortunate to be able to have immediate recon after my breast was removed containing a 6cm tumour. ‘Nothing prepares you for the shock & impact…& yet but here I am in a bikini again. Didn’t think this would happen.’ Julia’s breast cancer journey will also be told in an upcoming documentary for ITV, with the star releasing a heartbreaking clip this month of the moment after she was told she would need a mastectomy. The video, posted to Twitter and Instagram, shows Julia breathing deeply as her eyes glittering with tears. ‘This is the moment I found out I had to have a mastectomy. Utter shock, sadness & fear,’ she wrote in the caption. In February, the 51-year-old announced that her healing was going ‘very well’ after the procedure, and the star has continued to recover well since. MORE : Julia Bradbury feels ‘grateful’ for her progress as she wears bikini for first time since her mastectomy MORE : Julia Bradbury thought her post-mastectomy breasts ‘looked like plasticine’ as she talks ongoing cancer risk: ‘I have to learn to live with this’  