Paul Pogba says he is determined to play for Manchester United again before the end of the season and has told the club’s fans: ‘It’s not over’. United interim manager Ralf Rangnick all but confirmed Pogba’s imminent departure at his pre-match press conference on Friday. The World Cup winner looks set to leave Old Trafford when his contract expires at the end of the season, and may have played his last game for the club after suffering a calf injury earlier this week. Rangnick expects Pogba to depart in the summer and was at odds to explain the Frenchman’s struggles at United when asked about the player ahead of his side’s trip to Arsenal. ‘It’s difficult to say. If myself or other coaches knew, it would be easier to change that, but I don’t know,’ Rangnick said. ‘Right now it doesn’t make sense to think about that because he won’t be available for [the Arsenal match] and most likely not for the upcoming games. ‘As it seems right now, he will not renew his contract and, I don’t know, maybe the club or Erik will not want to renew his contract. It’s most likely he won’t be here next season. ‘He’s a player who won the World Cup; he’s such a good player that he was a regular starter for France. We all know what kind of potential he has and what kind of good player he can be. ‘He was like quite a few other players struggling to get his best performance sustainably on the pitch for a team like Man United. ‘This has not only been the case this season or in the past couple of weeks. As far as I remember, it was also the case in earlier years. But Pogba has seemingly hit back at Rangnick, writing on social media: ‘Absolutely gutted to not be able to help the team in today’s game. ‘I will work even harder to come back stronger and hopefully before the end of the season. It’s not over. Thank you all for your support, United we would stand!’ Pogba has largely flattered to deceive since returning to Old Trafford in 2016 in a deal worth almost £90m. Paris Saint-Germain are believed to be the frontrunners to secure his signature this summer. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 