The US has reportedly confirmed that Russia’s flagship Black Sea warship, the Moskva, was sunk by Ukrainian missiles. Two Neptune missiles struck the Moskva with ‘likely casualties’, a senior US defense official told NPR on Friday. The report comes as Ukraine and Russia have offered conflicting accounts of what happened on Thursday to the missile cruiser that was central to Moscow’s assault on the southern part of the sovereign country. Ukraine had said it struck the Moskva with two Neptune missiles roughly 60 miles off the coast of the port city of Odesa. However, Russia’s Defense Ministry claimed that a fire broke out aboard the Moskva that made munitions explode and forced about 500 crew members to evacuate. Russian defense officials later admitted that its prized warship had sunk in stormy weather as it was being towed to shore. Moscow’s account has raised doubts, as weather reports showed that the Black Sea at the time had mild conditions. The Moskva’s sinking represents a hefty blow to Russia’s military strategy in redirecting its forces from northern Ukraine and its capital, to its southern region. The vessel was essential to controlling the naval front and striking port cities including Odesa and Mariupol. Though a significant symbolic loss for Russia, it does not severely set back the Kremlin’s military operations as a whole. The strike signaled that Ukrainian forces are capable of hurting and deterring Russia through agile moves. A Ukrainian official said that two Neptune missiles were fired from Snake Island on Wednesday. Pro-Kyiv sources said that Bayraktar TB2 drones made in Turkey were deployed to confuse the Moskva’s anti-missile defense systems, clearing the way for the Neptune missiles to hit. The Moskva is the same ship that made headlines when a Ukrainian soldier recorded himself saying ‘go f*** yourself, Russian warship’, as it threatened to bomb Snake Island in the early days of the conflict. Ukraine’s reported missile strike sinking the Moskva is a ‘terribly humiliating blow to the Russian navy, and it’s rather astonishing that they can allow this to happen to themselves’, retired Admiral James Foggo, who commanded US naval forces in Europe and Africa, told Morning Edition. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.