Cesc Fabregas is one of many people connected with Arsenal to pay tribute to former Chief Scout Steve Rowley, after it was confirmed that he has sadly passed away aged just 63. Rowley was credited with discovering a string of Gunners legends, from way back with Tony Adams and Ray Parlour to the likes of Robin van Persie and Fabregas himself. He passed away after a short illness and the Spaniard hailed the impact he had on the club and his career. ‘What a sad day it is,’ Fabregas tweeted. ‘A great man has left us, a true Arsenal legend. I don’t know where I would be today if you didn’t manage to convince Arsene to sign me as a 16 years old. ‘I will never forget your advices and the confidence you gave me everyday. You will be greatly missed.’ Former Arsenal and England physio Gary Lewin added: ‘Really upset and saddened to hear we lost Steve Rowley today. He was at Arsenal for many years but he was one of the nicest people in football and a very close friend. Arsenal have lost a much loved member of their football family. RIP Steve.’ An Arsenal club statement on Sunday read: ‘Everyone at the Club is deeply saddened to announce the passing of our former Chief Scout Steve Rowley after a short illness. ‘Steve, 63, had been associated with the Club since January 1980, when he began a part-time role in our youth scouting operations in Essex. Notable early successes in the identification of talent – including Tony Adams and Ray Parlour – led to a full-time position during George Graham’s time as manager. ‘Upon his arrival in 1996, Arsène Wenger appointed Steve as our Chief Scout, a position he held until 2017. ‘During four decades with the Club, Steve and his network of scouts were responsible for identifying and securing many players instrumental in on-pitch success for the Club. ‘Our thoughts are with Steve’s family and friends at this time. Rest in peace, Steve.’ Ray Parlour said in a post on social media: ‘My old scout. I was 11 or 12 years old when I signed for Arsenal. Best decision I ever made, to get to Arsenal. ‘He helped me out so much in my career. His nephew text me this morning, Tony Adams text me about the passing of Steve Rowley. ‘What a legend he was. Absolutely devastating news for Arsenal football club. ‘What a legend. I wouldn’t be where I was, playing for Arsenal if it wasn’t for Steve Rowley, so thanks Steve.’ MORE : ‘It’s not enough’ – Sambi Lokonga criticises Arsenal performance in defeat to Southampton MORE : William Saliba says there is ‘a chance’ he stays at Marseille ahead of Arsenal talks For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 