Marvel actor Barry Keoghan was arrested in Dublin for a public order incident over the weekend. The Dubliner, 29, is enjoying a stellar career in Hollywood, having appeared in both Marvel blockbuster Eternals and DC’s The Batman in recent months. This weekend the actor was back in his native Dublin, but got into trouble with the law and was arrested early on Sunday morning. Keoghan was in the Clongriffin area of Dublin 13 when gardaí reportedly responded to complaints from a resident who said a man was outside their window. The Independent.ie reports that gardaí arrived to find Keoghan in an ‘intoxicated’ state and he was arrested before being taken to Coolock Garda Station where he was issued with a penalty. When approached for comment by Metro.co.uk, Irish police force An Garda Síochána confirmed an arrest had taken place. In a statement, they said: ‘Gardaí arrested a man in his 20s for a public order incident that occurred in Clongriffin, at approximately 6:45am, Sunday 10th April 2022. ‘He was later released without charge and issued with an FCN (fixed charge notice).’ A source who witnessed the arrest and events leading up to it told the Independent that gardaí arrived at the scene after receiving reports of ‘a man on a balcony in an intoxicated state’. ‘When they arrived he wasn’t threatening in any way but was arrested and brought to the garda station, where he was dealt with before being released.’ The source added that the ‘matter is finalised and nothing more will come of it’. Keoghan first shot to international prominence through his chilling role in The Killing of a Sacred Deer, in which he starred alongside Nicole Kidman and Colin Farrell. However he was well on the radar for Irish audiences for years previously, having starred as ‘Cat Killer’ Wayne in acclaimed Dublin crime drama Love/Hate. Since then Keoghan’s career has gone from strength to strength, with the actor appearing alongside Angelina Jolie in Eternals and clinching the iconic role of The Joker in latest DC outing The Batman. Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Keoghan for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Batman’s Barry Keoghan pays tribute to ‘amazing actors’ who came before him as his Joker is revealed MORE : The Batman deleted scene reveals Barry Keoghan’s chilling take on the Joker opposite Robert Pattinson 