Former Neighbours stars Kylie Minogue and Jason Donovan are set to return to the soap following its cancellation, it has been reported. In March, it was announced that the beloved programme was drawing to a close after almost 40 years. While fans are still devastated by the news, they will be overjoyed to hear that Kylie and Jason are supposedly going to be back as fan-favourite couple Scott and Charlene Robinson for a ‘fairytale ending’. It’s been claimed that the former co-stars recently filmed scenes together for the programme, with the shoot said to have taken place at Pin Oak Court in Vermont South, a suburb of Melbourne. The news was reported by the Australian newspaper Herald Sun, who said that the stars were coming together to act out the on-screen couple’s ‘fairytale ending’. The publication said that it is expected for Scott and Charlene to appear in the final episode of the show, which is due to air in Australia on Monday August 1 this year. In March this year, Jason – who appeared in Neighbours from 1986 to 1989 – spoke out on the soap being axed, saying that he found the cancellation ‘sad’. ‘I think it’s time to celebrate Neighbours. It’s kept my family employed for a long time to be honest! My daughter is in it, so is my dad,’ he said at the time. ‘We should be grateful for what it’s given Australia, actors, producers, writers, directors.’ Jason explained how in the 1970s, his father ‘fought very hard for Australian content in television because the government at the time wanted to bring cheaper exports in’. ‘As a result of that, we have productions like Neighbours,’ he added. Kylie appeared on Neighbours as Charlene from 1986 to 1988, propelling her to stardom ahead of her illustrious pop career. Charlene and Scott proved so popular on the programme their wedding episode in 1987 attracted an audience of 20million viewers. Last month, Neighbours made a reference to Charlene and Scott in an episode, during a conversation between Leo Tanaka (Tim Kano) and Paul Robinson (Stefan Dennis). An insider previously told The Sun: ‘Bosses have spoken to Jason who has agreed in theory to return. ‘Kylie has always been a huge supporter of the show — they’re just waiting to hear back.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Neighbours and representatives for Kylie Minogue and Jason Donovan for comment. MORE : Lies exposed, revenge, and a shock diagnosis: 7 big Neighbours spoilers MORE : Neighbours makes reference to petition to save the show in touching scene