A battle of the Joshes resumes on Sunday as those sharing the name once again draw pool noodles for a mass soft play battle in Texas. Last year ‘Little Josh’ was crowned the winner after namesakes gathered from across the United States for the right to wear the Burger King crown. This year there are two events, the first gets underway tomorrow, with another due to erupt on May 21 in Lincoln, Nebraska. The reigning champ, who was four at the time, is attending the latter playfight to defend the title he won at the inaugural outbreak of viral silliness, his dad Josh Vinson Snr told Metro.co.uk. Hundreds of people sharing the name had vied for the right to be the chosen one at the bout last April, descending on a park in Lincoln. As the event went viral, the Super Mario fan became world famous and donations flooded in to a crowdfunding appeal for his college fund. This year, the Ultimate Josh Showdown Facebook group, which has 7,800 followers, is listing two battles, each in a different state. The first event in the ‘southern conference’ takes place tomorrow at Joshua City Park in the City of Joshua. The second instalment, which Little Josh will attend, then sees foam sticks drawn in the ‘northern conference’ on May 21 at Bowling Lake Park in Lincoln. The latter event is ticketed, has food stands and has been organised by the fight’s founder Josh Swain, with people of all first names welcome to attend. Little Josh’s dad, Josh Snr, told Metro.co.uk: ‘Josh Swain recently reached out to us and gave us details for the next Josh fight and offered us free tickets so we will be attending and little Josh is excited to defend his title. ‘We still have the infamous red pool noodle with which we hope to bring him the strength to defend his title.’ The outbreak of daftness proved to be life-changing for Little Josh, who had to overcome seizures as a child and is growing up in what his dad has described as a ‘humble’ family. The GoFundMe push raised $2,700 (£2,066) which has been set aside to help the Manchester United fan, now five, to go to a prestigious Ivy League university. But he first has to start kindergarten in the Autumn. In the meantime, he is enjoying playing basketball and video games, watching YouTube videos and playing with his little brother Rudy. Josh Snr said: ‘Winning the battle was awesome and we are grateful for the opportunity to be a part of this. Life hasn’t been too different for us. ‘The first couple of months after winning the battle were kinda overwhelming just because I was still going to school and having to balance all the people that wanted to reach out to us and the interviews. ‘But things slowed down and we got back to our normal lives. We have the funds in an account that will allow it to grow. Thanks to all who donated.’ Life has also changed for Josh Snr, 37, as he has qualified as a hairdresser since last year’s battle. He opened his barber shop Culture Cutz LLC, which has a strong community ethos, in Lincoln last August. The second instalment of this year’s Josh fights will try and change more lives with all proceeds being donated to the Children’s Hospital of Omaha. The facility helped Little Josh when he was suffering from seizures and was part of his life for ‘some time’, his dad said. A promotional call-out for the Lincoln event reads: ‘Come join us for food and fun as we celebrate the internet’s favourite act of absurdity, supporting good causes along the way.’ Swain, 23, from Tucson in Arizona, started the showdown by messaging other people who shared his first name on social media. After he chose a location at random, hundreds of people showed up at Air Park in Lincoln to take part. Armed with foam pool noodles, and with many in superhero costumes, they battled it out in the field. Little Josh was chosen as the winner and bestowed with the honours of a Burger King crown and a belt and raised into the air. Hundreds of fans then paid homage to their hero on The Ultimate Josh Showdown Facebook page, including artworks depicting his crowning moment amid the crowd. Some even tipped him to be president of the United States one day. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.