A property developer has given a Jacobean church a complete new look – and you can live there, but it will cost you £1million. The 19th century church, built in 1871 and situated in  Middleton One Row, County Durham, England, still has its stained glass windows, original artwork and its original exterior. Inside, the newly renovated six-bedroom home is the perfect fit for a family – but it’s safe to say that it’s definitely an acquired taste. Where the pews would have been is now an open plan living area with a huge modern kitchen in place of the altar, complete with a very grand organ, which is still in working order. There’s even a secret organ room behind the instrument, aka the perfect hide and seek spot. A spiralling staircase leads to six bedrooms and a glorious bathroom, which is definitely the creme de la creme of this home. With a huge freestanding bathtub and separate fitted shower, the bathroom is light and airy, lit up by the top of one of those stained glass windows we mentioned. The grade II listed building also features a games room and more en-suite bathrooms as well as a tower. Plus, the building is home to a private driveway and lawned gardens that wrap around the entire property. Sophie Walker, the branch manager for Finest Properties, Yorkshire said: ‘It’s a gorgeous property. ‘The owner gutted the property and has renovated everything. ‘When he first bought it, it still had church pews. ‘He’s done a fantastic job finishing it, everything is to the highest quality and it looks fantastic. ‘The bathrooms are also new and they are very spacious. ‘Owners will still have the chance to put their own personal touches on the property during the final stages.’ The location around the property is definitely not a hard sell: the North York Moors National Park is close by and the home has great transport links. With easy access to the A1 and A66, getting to the likes of Newcastle, Edinburgh, the North and Leeds, York and London to the South wouldn’t be a problem. It is also a mere 2.4 miles away from Durham Tees Valley Airport and is perfect for quick getaways. Sophie added: ‘It’s in a really nice area and is great value for money.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Historic Grade II listed home Charles Dickens visited on sale for £900,000 MORE : Couple transform dated 1900s home – adding £450,000 to property value MORE : Couple spend £5,000 transforming new build home – adding £25,000 to property value