Jerry Seinfeld has honoured the late Liz Sheridan following the news that his on-screen mother had died at the age of 93, saying she was the ‘nicest TV mom a son could wish for’. On Friday April 15, Sheridan’s manager confirmed that she had died at her home in New York City, just a few days after her 93rd birthday. Her death came less than a fortnight after the loss of her Seinfeld co-star Estelle Harris, who also died aged 93 and played the mother of ​​George Constanza (Jason Alexander) on the award-winning comedy. In a tribute shared on Twitter, Seinfeld – who played a fictionalised version of himself on the sitcom – paid homage to Sheridan, who appeared in the full-run of the show as his overprotective mother, Helen Seinfeld. Sharing a black-and-white photo of them together, the 67-year-old stand-up comedian and actor wrote: ‘Liz was always the sweetest, nicest TV mom a son could wish for. ‘Every time she came on our show it was the coziest feeling for me. So lucky to have known her.’ Several fans rushed to share their support for Seinfeld and to celebrate Sheridan’s memory, with one writing: ‘We’re losing some of the best talent we’ve seen in television.’ ‘Another iconic Seinfeld character gone. So sad,’ someone else tweeted, while another person said that Sheridan ‘was a shining light on Seinfeld’. Seinfeld star Alexander tweeted his shock after learning of Sheridan’s death, writing: ‘Oh my Lord, just learning of the passing of Liz Sheridan. ‘She was as gracious and graceful a person and actress as you’ll ever meet. Fascinating life. Wonderful lady. Rest well.’ On Seinfeld, Sheridan’s character was known for her catchphrase: ‘How could anyone not like him?’, appearing alongside Barney Martin as the titular character’s father, Morty. She was also known for playing eccentric neighbour Mrs Ochmonek on ALF, and appeared in plays and musicals on Broadway, co-starring with Meryl Streep and Christopher Lloyd in the 1977 musical Happy End. Sheridan was born and raised in New York, before later moving to Los Angeles to work as an actress. Her late husband, Dale Wales, died in 2003. She is survived by her daughter and son-in-law. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Seinfeld and Grey’s Anatomy actor Lou Cutell dies aged 91 MORE : Seinfeld’s Estelle Harris dies from natural causes aged 93 