Butch Harmon believes Rory McIlroy will win a major this year after his stunning finish at the Masters on Sunday. McIlroy, who has not won one of golf’s big four events for eight years, started the final round at Augusta one-over par – 10 strokes behind the lead – but shot an impressive birdie-laden eight-under 64 to finish runner-up to champion Scottie Scheffler by just three. Harmon, who has coached the likes of Tiger Woods in the past, says McIlroy’s late resurgence at the Masters will provide him with much needed belief heading into the other three majors this year. Speaking to Sky Sports, he said: ‘I think this is going to do wonders for Rory McIlroy’s confidence. We all know the talent he has, we all know how good he is, but I think this is the thing that’s going to turn him around. This is going to give him the confidence. ‘And I’m going to go out on a limb right now, I think Rory McIlroy is going to win a major – one of the next three, and I think this is going to be the reason that it happens. ‘I think this is what Rory McIlroy needed. I don’t know where he’s been, I don’t know what’s been inside his head the last few years. I know what his talent is because he’s one of the best players that I think I’ve seen. ‘This is going to propel him back to where we think he should be.’ In recent times, McIlroy has struggled to beat the game’s elite on the big stage. After securing four majors between 2011 and 2014, the 32-year-old has since been winless in golf’s premier prizes as the likes of Brooks Koepka, Jordan Spieth and Collin Morikawa have emerged. In a search to get back his dominance, the Northern Irishman has sought help from a number of different coaches but to little avail and has now settled with his old instructor Michael Bannon who he thinks will unearth his natural game. McIlroy, who has already won the Open, PGA Championship and US Open, was hoping to triumph at the Masters to complete the grand-slam, matching Woods and Jack Nicklaus. Another year gone by without conquering Augusta will disappoint the four-time major winner but the final day comeback, which included holing an iconic chip out birdie from the bunker on 18 and his best Masters finish to date, left him contented. ‘To play as well as I did and finish like that is absolutely incredible,’ McIlroy said. ‘This tournament never ceases to amaze. That is as happy as I have ever been on a golf course. ‘I have never heard roars like it on the 18th green, it was really cool. It was like the third shot I holed from off the green today. It was a round Seve (Ballesteros) would have been proud of. ‘I don’t think I’ve ever walked away from this tournament as happy as I am today. I’ve played a really good round of golf, and it’s my best ever finish at Augusta. ‘It’s not quite enough, but I’ll certainly look back on this day with very fond memories. It gives me confidence going forward not only into the next Masters next year but to the rest of the season as well.’ The next major on the golfing calendar is the PGA Championship at Southern Hills in May. MORE : Rory McIlroy in tears as his Ryder Cup comes to an end: ‘I should’ve done more’ MORE : Tiger Woods confirms he will play at The Open after worst ever Masters finish For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 