England cricket hero Anya Shrubsole has announced her retirement from the international game, ending a 14-year career at the highest level. Shrubsole, a two-time World Cup and Ashes winner, was awarded an MBE after bowling England to a famous and dramatic victory in the Women’s Cricket World Cup final at Lord’s in 2017. The 30-year-old played 173 games for her country across all formats, claiming 227 wickets. She finishes fourth on the list of England’s ODI wicket-takers, and bows out as England’s top T20 wicket-taker. In 2018, Shrubsole became the first woman to appear on the front cover of the Wisden Cricketers’ Almanack. She plans to continue playing domestic cricket in the Rachael Heyhoe Flint Trophy, Charlotte Edwards Cup and The Hundred. Shrubsole said: ‘I feel immensely privileged to have been able to represent my country for the past 14 years. ‘To have been involved in women’s cricket at a time of such growth has been an honour but it has become clear to me that it is moving forward faster than I can keep up with, so it is time for me to step away. ‘Never in my wildest dreams did I think I would be lucky enough to play for England for so long, I’d have been happy with one game. ‘There have been many ups and downs along the way but it was all worth it to be able to lift the World Cup at Lord’s in 2017. ‘There have been so many people who have supported me along the way and I want to thank them all for everything they have done, but most of all I couldn’t have done it without the unwavering support of my family. They have been with me every step of the way and I simply couldn’t have done it without them.’ ECB managing director of Women’s Cricket, Clare Connor, added: ‘Anya has been the most tremendous servant to English cricket, and to women’s cricket specifically. ‘For 14 years she has given everything for the team so it is fitting that her reasons for retiring are so selfless. ‘Her longevity, skill and impact with the new and old ball are testament to her work ethic and commitment over so many years. ‘Anya loves the game as much as anyone I’ve ever met and we look forward to retaining her expertise and passion as she embarks on her next chapter. ‘We thank her for everything she has done, for every girl she has inspired, and wish her all the best for what comes next.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 