Two Russian oligarchs thought to be close to Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich have been slapped with sanctions worth up to £10 billion. It is said to be the largest asset freeze in UK history. Eugene Tenenbaum and David Davidovich have been targeted by the UK Government in the latest round of sanctions, the Foreign Office says. The Foreign Office said the frozen assets connected with the pair are estimated to total up to £10 billion, the largest asset freeze action in UK history. The move brings the total number of oligarchs, family members and associates sanctioned to 106 since the war in Ukraine started. The department announced an asset freeze against Mr Tenenbaum, who is a director of Chelsea Football Club. Mr Davidovich was hit with both an asset freeze and a travel ban, and was described as Mr Abramovich’s ‘much lower profile right-hand man’. It follows France seizing Mr Abramovich’s £90 million French Riviera chateau as part of an asset freeze of 33 properties today. A dozen are said to belong to Abramovich. Speaking following the move in Britain, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said: ‘We are tightening the ratchet on (Russian President Vladimir) Putin’s war machine and targeting the circle of people closest to the Kremlin. ‘We will keep going with sanctions until Putin fails in Ukraine. Nothing and no one is off the table.’ The move is the latest in a series of sanctions aimed at allies of the Russian leader. Mr Abramovich himself has already been sanctioned. The Foreign Office said Mr Tenenbaum has described himself as one of Mr Abramovich’s closest business associates. It said corporate filings show that he took control of Evrington Investments Limited, an Abramovich-linked investment company, on February 24 – immediately following Russia invading Ukraine. Mr Davidovich took over Evrington Investments from Mr Tenenbaum in March, the Foreign Office added. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich has made an offer to buy Valencia, claims rival bidder for the Spanish club