Molly-Mae Hague has purchased an £8,000 mirror for her £4million mansion, as she continues extensive renovations to the property. The former Love Island star, 22, and her boxer boyfriend Tommy Fury, also 22, recently purchased a £4m mansion in the affluent area of Cheshire that boasts 5,000 sq ft of land. The Pretty Little Thing creative director also set up an Instagram account called Molly Maison, which she uses to share the extensive renovations on the six-bedroom property. Taking to the Instagram account, the influencer shared a look at her enormous new mirror, from designer Timothy Oulton, that has a shimmering metal frame and backlights. According to the website, depending on its size, the mirror is worth between £10,950 and £,7960. Alongside the post, she wrote: ‘Are you really…finally… mine?☁️ Some of you will know the story behind this mirror… this is not the first time I have purchased it. ‘Unfortunately, this dream mirror of mine never fitted through any of the stairwells/ doors of the previous places we lived in and for ages, I refused to return it in the hopes we’d find our new house imminently (too optimistic and the mirror was returned)….. finally after repurchasing, it sits today in our new home, I smile every time I stare at it.’ Meanwhile, she also shared a clip of her bathroom, which is undergoing extensive work, with a wall knocked down in order to double its size. She said: ‘I’m not going to speak too much about this bathroom today because I don’t want to upset anybody but one thing I do want to say, this bathroom is changing for structural reasons. ‘The bathroom is doubling in size, a completely different shape, size layout and everything. Things we don’t use will be recycled. Things won’t end up in a skip. The transformation is going to be insane.’ The couple has also knocked through a wall in what will be their spacious master bedroom. The star said: ‘We thought it would be better to have the master bedroom as a more open-plan space. We’ll have a living area here. ‘I’m really happy this wall is nearly all gone now and I can get a feel for how big the bedroom is going to feel.’ Molly also revealed that she is shocked at how quickly the renovations are coming along. She said: ‘I’ve come back to the house today and I’m in shock at how much has changed already. ‘I’m totally prepared for them to take as long as they need to take, we’re not in any rush, but I can’t believe how much has changed already.’ Speaking to the MailOnline, a source said: ‘Molly fell in love with the property as soon as she saw it. ‘It has everything she had been looking for including a luxurious contemporary design, stylish interiors, and a landscape garden. ‘Molly also loved the bohemian influences, which is reminiscent of her travels to Ibiza and Tulum in Mexico. ‘She purchased the house straight from the developer so wasted no time in snapping up the property after being so persistent with her search for the perfect home.’ Speaking to her 6.2million Instagram followers last month, Molly revealed that she was beginning a ‘new chapter’. She said: ‘A three-year search for our first home, which some of you have followed, has finally come to an end. ‘I know a lot of you won’t have been expecting me to do a home account as I have become a lot more private about what I post of our home life. However, having a home account is something that I have always dreamed of doing.’ Molly and Tommy were forced to move out of their Manchester flat in October after they experienced a £800K burglary. After the ordeal, the influencer decided to stop wearing expensive jewellery and also stopped sharing details of her home life on Instagram in order to stop further intrusions. She also splashed out on round-the-clock security while stopping ordering takeaways to her temporary home over fears of another breach. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Molly Mae Hague terrified by ‘Aragog’ tarantula in bathroom days after moving into dream home MORE : Molly Mae Hague admits she’s been ‘struggling’ and is now seeing a therapist: ‘I hate to burden people around me with my problems’ 