Boris Johnson issued a shame-faced apology while appearing in the Commons for the first time since being fined for breaking his own lockdown law. In a bruising session, one of his own senior MPs told the prime minister to his face that he should resign formally called for a leadership election. Mr Johnson was grilled one week after being issued with a fixed penalty notice for attending a birthday party thrown for him in Downing Street in June 2020. He was fined by the Metropolitan Police along with chancellor Rishi Sunak and wife Carrie Symonds for celebrating in the cabinet room while the country was under orders not to socialise. Supporters have rallied around him in recent days, with one cabinet minister likening the breach to getting a speeding ticket this morning, but the PM remains in political peril. Mr Johnson was jeered by some MPs as he arrived late after being delayed by an anti-vaxxer protest and began his statement on Ukraine by addressing the scandal. He said: ‘I payed the fine immediately and offered the British people a full apology. ‘I take this opportunity on the first available sitting day to repeat my whole-hearted apology to the House. ‘As soon as I received the notice [from the Met] I acknowledged the hurt and the anger and said that people had a right to expect better of their prime minister and I repeat that again now. ‘Let me also say, not by way of mitigation or excuse, but purely because it explains my previous words in this House, that it did not occur to me then or after that a gathering just before a vital meeting on Covid strategy could amount to a breach of the rules. ‘That was my mistake and I apologise for it unreservedly.’ Sir Keir Starmer responded furiously, saying: ‘What a joke. Even now as the latest mealy-mouthed apology stumbles out of one side of his mouth, a new set of deflections and distortions pour from the other. ‘The damage is already done and the public have made up their mind. They don’t believe a word the prime minister says, they know what he is.’ He said it was the ‘responsibility’ of Tory MPs to ‘bring to an end this shameful chapter’ and ‘put their consciousness and country first’ to remove the PM from office. Ian Blackford, the Scottish National Party’s leader in the Commons, said: ‘He apologised for one reason and one reason only, the only reason he ever apologises: because he got caught.’ Former minister and leadership hopeful Mark Harper broke ranks with the Tory party and called on Mr Johnson to step down, saying ‘I no longer think he is worthy of the great office he holds’. But Steve Baker, who was a vocal critic of lockdown laws along with Mr Harper and seen by some as a potential Tory rebel, backed the prime minister and praised his apology. With the Met investigation ongoing and the full Sue Gray report yet to be released, he could yet be hit by more revelations. The PM will also be subjected to an unprecedented vote later this week on whether or not he misled parliament, a potential resignation issue. Earlier this afternoon, the speaker Lindsey Hoyle confirmed he would allow a debate on a motion on Thursday over whether the PM was telling the truth when he assured MPs all rules were followed in Number 10. Mr Johnson repeated his assertion that he did not deliberately mislead the House. Labour and other opposition parties have called on the prime minister to resign but a backbench Tory rebellion, the only realistic way of unseating the PM, is yet to materialise. Despite a large minority of his own MPs publicly and privately calling for him to go when the allegations first emerged, there appears to be less of a clamour for a change of leadership now. Mr Johnson’s active role supporting the Ukrainian government and the lack of an obvious successor have contributed to a sense that he may be able to hold on to his job, an outcome which seem far from certain a matter of weeks ago. But Labour will hope the prospect of having to publicly back the PM in Thursday’s vote could force wavering Tory MPs to change course and formally call for a leadership election. The motion will call for the Committee of Privileges to investigate the potential contempt, a parliamentary body which has powers to summon reports, documents and potentially photographs of Downing Street parties gathered by Sue Gray but not made public so far. The prime minister is due to be in India on a pre-planned visit when Thursday’s debate is scheduled to take place. Sir Keir Starmer has strongly criticised Mr Johnson and his supporters for using the Ukraine invasion as a reason not to replace the PM. Appearing on ITV’s Lorraine earlier today, he said: ‘I don’t really buy into this idea, by the way, that Johnson is the only person of any importance in the Ukraine crisis. Sir Keir added: ‘He is using that, really, as a shield and I think that’s pretty offensive.’ Former defence minister Tobias Ellwood, a frequent critic of the PM, said the Ukraine war should not be used as a ‘fig leaf’ to distract from the issue. The chairman of the Defence Committee told BBC Breakfast there were ‘many MPs’ who were ‘very concerned by where we’re going’ and argued that Mr Johnson should call a confidence vote. Mr Johnson is due to address his own MPs in a private meeting this evening. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.