Beauty powerhouse Michelle Feeney’s home is filled with treasures from her celeb-packed career and huge statement artworks – but the first thing you notice walking through the front door is something that cannot be seen. Michelle has carefully scent-scaped her north-west London six-bed home to create an individual mood for each room. Closing the door to the huge property, once owned by Trevor Horn in the Ninties, you are greeted with the smell of Bulgarian rose and apples – a Lady Emma Diffuser – and an enormous bunch of flowers. Each room of the home has a different smell, whether it is to inspire, motivate or calm the inhabitants. ‘Instead of a handshake I like to give people a scented hug when they walk through the door,’ smiles Michelle, who is almost head to toe in bright floral, and standing near the doorway next to a giant blue print that she bought in LA one time. ‘It is welcoming and bonding; people don’t want to leave.’ Originally from Birmingham, Michelle started off in PR with the legendary Lynne Franks, the inspiration behind Absolutely Fabulous, so it is perhaps fitting that she used to live in Kate Moss’s old house round the corner, before upgrading to this property. She looked at 30 different properties before finding this one. Michelle moved to the United States in the Eighties and lived in a one-bed apartment in Manhattan, going on to work with some of New York’s glitziest celebrity nightclubs such as Limelight and Club USA, and mixing with some of the biggest names of the time. After a career sabbatical in 2017, Michelle came back with the launch of Floral Street, a modern British fragrance brand. On the walls of her listed Edwardian home hang a Damien Hirst artwork, a set of Peter Blake hearts and, upstairs in her office and conference room, a giant photograph by David LaChapelle that was the invitation to the launch of Malcolm McLaren’s album Paris, which Michelle orchestrated in New York. How Ab Fab did it all get, I can’t help but ask? ‘I didn’t feel it was funny,’ says Michelle, ‘it was just the life I was in. It was every day, so didn’t seem strange.’ Michelle’s home had been largely renovated before she moved in, including an extension to the back that showcases the huge garden, complete with pear trees. The walls were polished plaster and she has had this redone. The colours often stay neutral only to be punctuated by an artwork or memory from her career – it’s almost gallery-like in the way the important pieces are showcased. Here and there are interesting moments, whether it is a collection of Catholic prayer cards or two pink sheep that, despite appearances, aren’t million pound artworks – they came from a shop fit. Siri Schumann, the interior architect and designer behind Two:D Limited, helped create the spaces for Michelle to make her vision of a modern, cosy retreat, despite its expansive 7,000sq ft, a reality. The artworks play a big role in making the house feel like a home, says Michelle. ‘[Having personal objects around] reminds me of my big life. When I am having a down day I can look around and think about that event or that moment.’ Due to it being listed, the property has beautiful period features that mix with ultra modern elements such as a sliding automatic door that wouldn’t look out of place in a Bond film. The Rossana kitchen is the hub of the home, with Michelle being a keen cook, and is outfitted in sleek Italian marble with glass-fronted upper cabinets. Adjacent to the kitchen is a sumptuous white marble dining table that welcomes connection and conversation. Here Michelle has grapefruit bloom candles for a bright, upbeat feel: ‘It is optimistic and feels like freshly squeezed juice in the mornings. The pure, crisp scent really enhances the ambience of the space.’ The living room is balanced by a calm, neutral palette with bold pops of colour. Set within the space, plush, spacious Flexform seating and a sparkling, jewel-like chandelier from Wired Lighting creates a charming, sophisticated ambience. ‘It can be playful even though it is a serious space,’ says Michelle. The snug was designed to be cosy and inviting and is packed full of comfortable seating in the form of a custom-made luxurious green sofa. ‘I wanted everything to be beautiful but I wanted to make it a home. I didn’t want people to think they couldn’t sit or touch anything,’ she says. The stairway leads up around a giant metal sculpture that is suspended from the ceiling and left from the previous owner. Arriving at the first-floor landing there is a view of the lush garden framed by a large window. Michelle’s office is illuminated by three beautifully expansive windows, and the Ochre desk serves as a focal point among inspiring bursts of colour from a Stephen Doherty artwork through to her vibrant, natural fibre rug. The upper floor accommodates the master bedroom and bathroom designed in a soft, delicate colour palette to create a Zen-like sanctuary. Working life for Michelle started in a £28 a week bedsit in Archway. She has never applied for a job, she says, working hard and taking opportunities that came her way. Before setting up Floral Street Michelle was vice president, global communications of MAC Cosmetics and was appointed CEO of once little-known tanning brand St Tropez, before turning it into a multi-million-dollar business. Did she ever envisage living in such an impressive property in those bedsit days?‘It was an amazing time in the Eighties in London and no one was trying to make money. I never planned a path or applied for a job. If you do a great job that takes you to the next level.’ Part of the importance of having a home, she says, was instilled in her when she was touring with singers when she worked in New York. ‘When they are on the road they have no anchor,’ she says. ‘[I realised] having a home is really important.’ But Michelle also likes to reminisce on her career. ‘Owning a property is such a British thing,’ she says. ‘When I think about that one-bed apartment in Manhattan – what more could you really want?’ Find our more about Michelle with Floral Street. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : New transport links are making Acton, west London, a property hotspot MORE : Couple spend £5,000 transforming new build home – adding £25,000 to property value