Ready to jump your sex life up to the next level of pleasure? The leapfrog sex position is here to do the job. Don’t get put off by the name – there’s no fly-grabbing tongues or lilypads involved in this (unless you want). Instead, this is a position that’s a fun twist on doggy style that offers deep, G-spot tickling pleasure. Plus, there are plenty of adjustments to try once you’ve nailed the basic leapfrog, so you can keep playing around. Ready to get to know this handy manouvre? Let’s hop to it. The person being penetrated gets on all fours, as they would for classic doggy style. Then, press the top half of your body down, so you’re resting your head, chest, and arms on the bed. The person doing the penetrating, either with a penis, a strap-on, or a sex toy, kneels behind, holds their partner’s hips, and goes for it. You can go slow and sensual or harder and faster, making sure to check in with your partner to see how they’re enjoying it. Feel free to add some clitoral stimulation to the mix with your hands or a vibrating bullet, and adjust your hip height for comfort. The turtle Same thing, but the person being penetrated hooks their arms behind their legs for a slightly different angle. The fire hydrant The person penetrating lifts one leg up and forward, planting their foot on their bed while the other remains on the knee. Kind of like a lunge or a proposal position. The person being penetrated lifts their leg up and back, letting their partner’s leg support them. The submissive leapfrog The person on the bottom gets their hands tied behind their back. Feel free to add in a ballgag, too, if you want to take things up a notch. The flatiron Get into your leapfrog position, then have the person entering from behind lean the top half of their body forward, over their partner. They could also hold their partner’s wrists down on the bed for a bit of kink. The standing dragon Same as the classic leapfrog, but rather than the person penetrating kneeling, they stand on the floor as their partner assumes position on the bed. Easy-peasy. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : A beginner’s guide to role play, according to a sex expert MORE : How to give the best blowjobs with these 31 tips MORE : The pretzel sex position delivers deep penetration and eye contact to match – here’s how it’s done