Paul Hollywood invoked the wrath of the celebs on Celebrity Bake Off after he was caught giving Matt Lucas a helping hand. The absolute scandal of it. Little Britain star Matt, who usually hosts the baking show with Noel Fielding, stepped up to compete as a baker for this year’s series in aid of Stand Up To Cancer. Competing against Ed Gamble, Example, and Annie Mac, he got straight down to business, creating some stained glass window biscuits. However, as Paul headed over to check up on Matt, he couldn’t resist getting involved, kneading his dough for him. Fellow baker Ed was left scandalised, asking: ‘What the hell?!’ To make matters even more outrageous, Matt wangled a coveted handshake off the judge after Noel chanted for him. We’ll be needing to check the veracity of that handshake pronto. Reflecting on the big moment, Matt explained: ‘His hands feel a bit coarse, like a builder’s, but there’s truth and love and honesty in there.’ Example – real name Elliot Gleave – was left less than impressed by the moment, declaring: ‘It’s nepotism at its finest.’ Each year, The Great Celebrity Stand Up To Cancer sees a host of celebrity bakers head to the tent, in an attempt to raise some money and cause some chaos in the kitchen. This year’s crop of 19 celebrities includes Sir Mo Farah, singer Ellie Goulding and Strictly Come Dancing judge Motsi Mabuse. Other stars putting their baking skills to the test include comedian and creator of Taskmaster Alex Horne, TV presenter Emma Willis, singer-songwriter Example and choirmaster Gareth Malone. Also hoping to impress the judges are radio DJ Annie, actor and author Ben Miller, The Inbetweeners star Blake Harrison, and TV and radio presenter Clara Amfo. Former Coronation Street actress Katherine Kelly, TV presenter Laura Whitmore, comedian Ed, writer and comedian Mawaan Rizwan, TV star Ruby Wax, TV presenter Sophie Morgan, Friday Night Dinner’s Tracy-Ann Oberman and musician Yung Filly complete the line-up. Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up To Cancer 2022 returns Tuesday at 8pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Celebrity Bake Off: Who is Example? Age, wife, and famous songs MORE : Who could replace Dan Walker after BBC Breakfast exit? AJ Odudu and Matt Baker among favourites 