There’s something about the aesthetic of older white women who live by the ocean that just screams elegance, calm and style. Think Diane Keaton in Something’s Gotta Give, Meryl Streep in It’s Complicated, or practically every scene in Grace and Frankie. These women have aspirational lives filled with farmers markets, glasses of white wine on the veranda, relaxing walks along the beach with the wind flowing through your linen shirt. This very specific look and feel has a name. The ‘coastal grandmother’. This aesthetic (coined by TikTok star @lexnicoleta) is being embraced by Gen-Z and millennials who are looking to inject some cosy, chic and familiar comfort into their lives. Part of it is to do with your outfit and style – neutrals and whites, beachy blonde hair, subtle makeup – but a big part of it is about the vibe of your interiors. Key to achieving the look is having the right living space, and Molly Freshwater co-founder of Secret Linen Store have shared some of their top tips on how to transform your home into the archetypal coastal grandma house: When you think coastal, you might naturally be drawn to blue, but the colour palette for the coastal grandma aesthetic is actually a lot more neutral – with touches of warmth. ‘Ecrus, old whites, creams and light beiges are the best base colours for any room, with pops of colour being added by fresh blooms or vintage-style knick-knacks,’ says Molly. The aesthetic is all about creating an inviting area for friends and family to be able to drop in and feel comfortable and at ease – which means lots of soft furnishings. Molly explains: ‘There’s nothing better than sinking into a sofa filled with sumptuous cushions and throws, and these are a great, quick way to add some coastal grandmother vibes to your living room. ‘You don’t want it to feel too prim, so embrace different cushion sizes, styles and colours to perfect that casual and warm look.’ ‘Kitchens are the heart of the home for any coastal grandma, but forget your minimalist tendencies, this kitchen style is all about the room feeling lived-in,’ says Molly. This means you need to embrace the presence of stuff. ‘Think utensil jars out of the side, hung pots and pans, cookbooks out and bowls of fresh produce on the counter space,’ she adds. ‘Bonus points if you’re luckily enough to have a kitchen island, if so these should be used for relaxed meals with friends as you chat over a bottle of white wine.’ In terms of fashion, Molly says a loose linen shirt is key to the sartorial look of the coastal grandmother aesthetic, but so is using the natural material for your bedding. ‘The material brings a relaxed and homey vibe to any bedroom, and is loved by coastal grandmothers in real life as it is breathable and cool for those hot summer nights by the sea,’ she adds. Even if you don’t have a salty coastal breeze flowing through your windows, you can recreate the look of a coastal grandma home with relaxed curtains in neutral shades or subtle patterns. ‘Allowing a bit of extra length to the curtain so it gathers on the floor adds to the relaxed vibe you want to aim for,’ says Molly. ‘The scene you want to achieve is having the windows slightly open, with the breeze romantically catching the curtains as you take in the view.’ A perfect coastal grandmother activity is going out to collect fresh flowers for your home. ‘If you’re not lucky enough to be gathering them from your own garden, shop-bought work just as well,’ Molly says. ‘Hydrangeas are the flower of the moment and have been a favourite of coastal grandmas for decades – blues, pinks, purples and whites and all perfect colour choices. You can style them alone or with complementary white roses and lush foliage.’ According to Molly, a sense of cosiness and calm is brought to many a coastal grandma’s home with an abundance of lamps. You want to be able to create different lighting states depending on the mood. ‘On side tables, windowsills, above fireplaces – basically wherever you have the space, pop a lamp there,’ she says. ‘It means that as the natural light starts to dim, you can create the perfect backdrop to read or chat with friends with a glass of wine (pastimes loved by many coastal grandmas). ‘If you’re running out of plug space, then you can use wireless spotlights that can be popped under the lampshade and charged with a USB.’ Embrace natural materials throughout the house such as wicker, rattan and real wood. ‘An easy way to do this is to use wicker or rattan baskets for storage and look out for second-hand solid wood pieces on reselling sites or local markets,’ says Molly. ‘Real wood side tables or bureaus make the perfect place to have extra lamps and knick-knacks.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mums share the most unexpected joys and horrors of motherhood MORE : What to do if your energy bill is wrong MORE : Apple Fitness Plus launches postpartum workouts designed to ease mums back into fitness