Doctor Who is launching a spin-off podcast alongside the Easter special, Legend of the Sea Devils, and we’re fully on board (pun very much intended). The 10-part series, titled Doctor Who: Redacted and written by author Juno Dawson, follows Cleo (Charlie Craggs), Abby (Lois Chimimba) and Shawna (Holly Quin-Ankrah)- three broke university drop-outs from different cities across the UK who remain connected via their paranormal conspiracy podcast, The Blue Box Files. The trio speculate over Abby’s favourite conspiracy theory – intent on finding out the truth behind the mysterious ‘Blue Box’ that keeps cropping up across history. What if this random police public call box was actually an alien ship? They soon find out that anyone who’s ever met the Doctor is disappearing and being forgotten – or redacted from reality. Eventually, Cleo’s brother gets redacted and it gets very personal. At the same time, they’re grappling with their own problems, including Cleo dealing with a mother who kicked her out when she was 16 for being transgender and searching for her missing dad. Set in the Doctor Who universe, the BBC Sounds series will also see some cameos from familiar faces, including Jodie’s 13th Doctor and appearances from monsters and aliens, identifiable to fans and non-fans alike. Charlie said of being involved: ‘There are no words to express how huge it is, and how grateful I am, being a trans actress playing the lead role in something so special, but more so how significant the fact that my character is trans, and the lead role, too. ‘This is a huge step for the trans community, and I’m so honoured to be part of this moment.’ Jodie added: ‘It was absolutely brilliant, I loved meeting Charlie and Juno, their energy is ace, the writing is brilliant. ‘It was wonderful to be a part of and great for me to revisit the character, having not really done anything apart from ADR since October. I think for Doctor Who fans they’ll really love the adventure, it’s ace!’ Legend of the Sea Devils will mark Jodie’s penultimate performance as the Doctor. ‘Why has legendary pirate queen Madam Ching come searching for a lost treasure?’ the synopsis asks. ‘What terrifying forces lurk beneath the oceans of the nineteenth century? And did Yaz really have to dress Dan up as a pirate?’ All will be revealed very soon… Doctor Who: Redacted is available first on BBC Sounds weekly from April 17. Episode one will be available following Doctor Who’s Legend of the Sea Devils on Easter Sunday. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Doctor Who Legend Of The Sea Devils: Mandip Gill lifts lid on Yaz and Time Lord romance in upcoming Easter special MORE : Doctor Who fans buzzing as dramatic Legend Of The Sea Devils trailer released 