Nick Knowles has defended his girlfriend against ‘abusive trolls’ who made comments about their relationship. The TV presenter, 59, has been dating girlfriend Katie Dadzie, 32, since 2021. They were first spotted together in September last year and appear to have fallen head over heels for one another in the months following. This week, DIY SOS host Nick and Katie were pictured packing on the PDA as they enjoyed a date night in London’s glamorous Mayfair area. The pair were apparently spotted window shopping for new Bentleys before they shared a cigarette and a smooch before heading away in a taxi. But while the pictures essentially showed a cute moment between a boyfriend and girlfriend, it appears some people took issue with Katie and let her or Nick know about it. Nick took to Twitter on Wednesday to defend his girlfriend, and admitted that he was ‘raging’ about what he had seen online. ‘The woman I was out to dinner with when we were papped is 32, has degrees in two subjects, runs 3 businesses, is a mother of 2, is wealthier & more successful than me & is intelligent & independent unlike the abusive trolls attacking her,’ he raged. Nick added:’What happened to #bekind?’ It’s unclear where Nick read the abuse directed at his and Katie’s relationship, but those replying to his defence of his girlfriend offered nothing but support. One fan assured Nick: ‘We have your back pal, you are not alone’ as they said the trolls should ‘get back under their rocks’. Another said it was a ‘disease’ that trolls were ‘inventing faults in absolutely anyone who is happier, more successful, prettier, or just plain better than their own miserable and tedious existence’. ‘Unfortunately people will be people and it will be someone else’s turn today,’ one sympathetic Twitter user wrote. ‘I’m sure she is a very nice person and you both should be able to go out without negative comments your lives are yours and [no one] else’s (sic).’ Despite a 27-year age gap, Nick and Katie have a lot in common, and reportedly first met at their children’s playgroup. Nick, who has four children: Charlie and Tyrian-J, both 27, daughter Tuesday, 26, and Edward, seven. Prior to Katie, Nick previously dated PR executive Emily Hallinan, 27, for around a year until they split in February 2020. Nick was also married to second wife Jessica Rose Moor, 33, until 2016, with the pair sharing his youngest child Eddie. The couple, who had a 26-year age gap, had been together since 2009 and married three years later. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nick Knowles’ past romances as DIY SOS star, 59, packs on PDA with girlfriend Katie Dadzie, 31, on date night MORE : Nick Knowles slams Jimmy Carr’s game show I Literally Just Told You for ‘playing charities against each other’ 