John Higgins feels he is going into the Tour Championship final as a ‘big underdog’ against Neil Robertson, facing an ‘unbelievable test’ against the Australian. Robertson has been in superb form this season, winning the Masters, Players Championship and English Open, while he is looking to defend his title on Sunday in Llandudno. His fine performances have continued this week, seeing off Mark Allen pretty comfortably, before coming through an epic 10-9 victory over Ronnie O’Sullivan in the semi-finals. Higgins has not been playing as well, but still battled to wins over Zhao Xintong and Luca Brecel to make the final, and no one would be dismissing the chances of the four-time world champion on Sunday. However, the Wizard knows himself how difficult it will be against the Thunder from Down Under, who he rates as one of the greatest to ever play the game. ‘I feel really good about my game. I’m missing a few balls but the main thing is that deep within myself I’m confident that I can go in and maybe do something,’ said Higgins. ‘I am going to need to be at the top of my game to have a chance of beating Neil. ‘It is an unbelievable test playing Neil. He stands up there with any snooker player that has played the game, he’s that good. His long potting is unbelievable and he has the whole package, but I will look forward to it.’ Asked whether he classes Robertson as one of the greats in the game, Higgins added: ‘Without a doubt, easily. ‘All he’s supposedly, or he’s looking to do, is add more world titles, which I ‘m sure will come. He’s easily one of the best players that’s ever picked up a cue, without a shadow of a doubt. ‘I’ll be a big underdog against Neil. I feel like I need to improve, but I feel like it is in there. I feel like I can produce it.’ Robertson is now seventh on the all-time list of ranking event winners, with 22 to his name, only behind Ronnie O’Sullivan, Stephen Hendry, Higgins himself, Steve Davis, Mark Williams and Judd Trump. The knock on the Aussie in the all-time debate is that he has ‘only’ won one World Championship title. The same criticism Trump has in this discussion, while everyone else at the top of the ranking title list has triumphed in Sheffield three or more times. MORE : What Ronnie O’Sullivan told Neil Robertson after losing epic Tour Championship semi-final MORE : Robert Milkins on tragedy, going off the rails and now happiness after Gibraltar Open glory For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 