The Queen has been spotted arriving in Norfolk ready for her 96th birthday tomorrow. The monarch flew by helicopter from Windsor to her Sandringham estate, making the final stretch of the journey by car. While in Norfolk she will spend her time at Wood Farm, a five-bedroom farmhouse where her late husband the Duke of Edinburgh spent his retirement. The 95-year-old monarch was seen sitting in the back seat of a black Land Rover as she arrived at the 20,000-acre estate at around 12.30pm. The Queen is expected to celebrate her birthday in a low-key fashion following a number of health and mobility issues over the past year. There are no public engagements planned for tomorrow but the Queen is likely to be visited by family and friends over the coming days. Earlier this week, Prince Harry described his grandmother as being on ‘great form’ when he visited the monarch at Windsor Castle. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stopped off to see the Queen on Thursday before heading to the Netherlands to watch the Invictus Games. Speaking to NBC Today, Harry said it ‘nice’ to see his grandmother. ‘Being with her, it was great. It was just so nice to see her, she’s on great form,’ he said. ‘She’s always got a great sense of humour with me and I’m just making sure she’s protected and got the right people around her. ‘Both Meghan and I had tea with her, so it was really nice to catch up with her.’ One of the royal family’s private estates, Sandringham is where the Queen traditionally spends Christmas and where she enjoyed a number of family gatherings with the Duke of Edinburgh. She has said her late husband ‘loved’ Wood Farm with part of its attraction being because the ‘sea was so close’. The Queen commented on the property when she hosted a rare public event at Sandringham on February 5, the eve of her Platinum Jubilee. Teresa Thompson, 70, the retired housekeeper of Wood Farm, said after chatting to the Queen that day: ‘All the royal family love Wood Farm, because it’s out of the way, it’s small, It’s intimate. ‘You haven’t got lots of officials and household, it’s just the close staff. ‘And they literally can relax in the family house, it’s wonderful, and I had a wonderful 22 years down there, it was the best time of my life without a doubt.’ The UK is braced to mark both the Queen’s second birthday and Platinum Jubilee in a huge celebration at the beginning of June. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.