For this week’s instalment of How I Do It, we have Alexandra Hamilton, a 32-year-old writer from California. Alexandra is bisexual, uses she/they pronouns and is married to their husband of six years. The pair have been together for a grand total of 17 years, and been non-monogamous for 13, with Alexandra describing their relationship status as ‘married but available’. They describe their relationship with sex as ‘as long-standing, driven by curiosity, and shameless.’ Alexandra is happy with the fact that their sex life is ‘adventurous, satisfying, and supported by a deep commitment to communication,’ adding that the pandemic served as a reminder that there’s always room for more intimacy with their husband. That being said, they still love meeting ‘other like-minded people’. This week, the couple went on a swingers cruise. Here’s how they got on… Warning: As you’d expect, this week’s diary features some explicit details about sex, so it’s definitely NSFW. I awoke to the glowing, golden hues of a Tahitian sunrise in the best way possible: with my husband’s face buried between my thighs. Like me, his libido was running at full capacity ever since boarding the Luxury Lifestyle Vacations (LLV) cruise through French Polynesia the night prior, and the moment I was awake, we needed to release that pent-up energy. We had sex twice before getting out of bed: a mere warm-up for the day ahead, at least we hoped. After all, no one wants to go back to their room empty-handed on a swingers cruise. We spent the day docked offshore on the island of Mo’orea, lounging nude around the pool on the ship. The views of the island’s emerald peaks were almost as tantalising as those on the deck chairs around us. We settled into the familiar comfort of not having to hide anything; not having to pretend that we define our love with sexual fidelity. In having the opportunity to be ourselves, we were able to truly relax. And that’s what vacations are for, right? Except on this holiday, we also had a goal – to connect with other swingers in a luxurious setting. Couples like us who enjoy a sex-positive environment and the chance to build friendships that are open to going beyond the platonic. Perhaps surprisingly, sex with others was not our priority: for us, it’s about building community. We’ve made some of our closest friends at swingers events, and we hoped that after a week of cruising, that number would grow. After the night’s theme party (pirates and sailors) my husband and I ended our first day in the ship’s dedicated playroom – a sensual, spacious area where couples or groups of people can explore their fantasies. We stripped off our costumes, and he went down on me before taking me from behind. Three couples swapped in the space adjacent to us, their sex sounds and moans giving us a thrill that boosted both our orgasms. The ship sailed overnight to Fakarava Atoll, where we disembarked to submerge ourselves in the cerulean waters where blacktip reef sharks swam around us. Salted and sun-kissed, we returned to the cruise ship in time for erotic games by the pool for the chance to win teeny tiny LLV bikinis. We participated, but my real reward happened moments after back in the bedroom, where my husband and I used our poolside momentum to go to town on each other. Still hoping to catch the attention of potential lovers, we collected ourselves and headed into after-dinner karaoke armed with my secret weapon: rapping Sir Mix A Lot’s Baby Got Back. It gives me a chance to show off my juicy butt, twerking skills, and total lack of shame. My performance garnered all kinds of lovely attention – even a few requests from other swingers to learn how to shake their ass like I do. One woman even asked for permission to smack my bum any time she saw it, which of course I granted. We spent the rest of the evening dancing and enjoying the company of friends while I rocked my laciest red lingerie for the night’s red and black theme party. I was so in my element that all the insecurities I brought on board were gone by this point. Don’t let anyone fool you into thinking that swinging requires looking a certain way: the name of the game is confidence, and I was seeing that being myself is all I need. We spent a lazy morning sleeping in while the ship was at sea until the siren song of a gorgeous brunch in the main dining room – ice sculpture included – beckoned us. Later, we attended a masturbation workshop, which would be better described as a meditation on self-pleasure. To the backdrop of sensual music, our teachers guided us swingers in awakening our senses through dance movements and running our hands and fingers over our own bodies. So much of masturbation is focused on the orgasm, they said, and during this session we would take the time to bring pleasure to the body and spirit, aligning genitals with the heart. I listened to my husband moan beside me as I anointed my body in coconut oil, delighting at the sensation of feeling my fingers tracing across my skin. Eventually, I let my hands make their way down, slowly working up to a beautiful, long orgasm that left me speechless. Though my eyes remained closed, I could feel the energy of everyone in the room discovering how profound masturbation can be when you aren’t just racing to reach a climax. We arrived at that night’s party energized, not exhausted, which was lucky: the LLV team had a surprise for my husband as his birthday rang out at midnight. A burlesque performer whose sultry stripteases had been keeping the guests entertained now had a personal dance for him in store. He eased into his seat on the dance floor as she writhed her body around him in time to the music, making me wish it was my birthday, too. Some time in the morning, the ship pulled up offshore Rangiroa Atoll, where dolphins are known to frolic. We celebrated his birthday right away with a leg-shakingly good romp in bed. At this point, all the swingers knew it was his special day, and both of us were turned on just by the thought of what could happen. Even as experienced swingers, we were grateful to have spent the first few days becoming grounded with just each other, ensuring our communication and bond were solid: this always makes sex with others a more seamless experience. In fact, plenty of our fellow cruisers don’t even identify as swingers or non-monogamous. They just appreciate the opportunity to take a luxury vacation with non-judgmental, sex-positive people who hold space for them. But at this point, we were ready to welcome others into our bed. After a morning of topless photos on the beach, we invited a friend to our room for a threesome. She had suggestively asked to help celebrate my husband’s birthday, and he was more than happy to unwrap this gift. The pleasure on his face was palpable as we gave him a blowjob together, as was the pleasure on ours when he took turns going down on us. The session ended with him taking her from behind while burying his fingers in me, leaving all of us sweaty and breathless. The party continued at the pool, where he received many celebratory kisses and squeezes. One concerned citizen jokingly worried that in making sure my husband was taken care of, there was no one to take care of me and offered to do so himself. His confidence and muscular body were all the convincing I needed to accept his offer, and I did not regret it when I was moaning in ecstasy in his room a few hours later. I thought the ultra sparkly costume I wore for that night’s metallic party would be the highlight of my day, but it was seeing our friends and community come together to make sure my partner had a birthday he would never forget. Of course, having the kind of sex most people only get to fantasise about didn’t hurt either. As the scenery changed from the endless blue sea to the jade mountains of Bora Bora, we were both so overcome by the beauty that we couldn’t help but go to town on each other. With the balcony door open, I watched the landscape cruise by while he used his mouth to bring me to orgasm. I switched positions on the couch, so he was behind me, making sure he got to take in the pleasurable view while experiencing his own pleasure. We spent much of the day exploring the beautiful scenery with our friends, reaffirming that the bond between swingers extends well beyond the bedroom. We shopped for black pearls, drank from fresh coconuts, and tried out our wobbly land legs together. Back on the boat, I attended a workshop on vaginal health, because with great sex comes great responsibility. My husband stayed by the pool, soaking in the sunshine and good vibes. At night, we danced, caroused, and fell asleep exhausted but satisfied. There is nothing like getting out of the rut that is everyday home life and moving into a space designed to maximise fun and pleasure to bring a couple closer together. Our second day docked off Bora Bora gave us a chance to explore the island, and each other, more deeply. Many people spent today taking it easy, enjoying their time in paradise and resting up for the final day on the ship. My husband and I kept things quiet as well, reinforcing our love for each other with a sunset blowjob on the balcony. We took the party inside to avoid giving a free show to the outrigger canoers who showed, as they had not consented to our exhibitionism. In the world of LLV cruises, the last day is referred to as the ‘now or never’ day. Swingers can be just as shy as anyone else, and it can take time to grow the courage to ask another couple to play. But with no more nights left, well… it’s now or never. My husband and I spent the morning on a private, nude island near Raiatea with a group of swingers, getting full body tans while letting husbands and wives take turns playing with my naked breasts. This put me in a great mood as we returned to the ship, which must have turned on some kind of sex magnet. While my partner relaxed by the pool getting to know a new lady friend, I ran into a man who asked to join me in my room for some playtime. I said as long as he could get me showered and out the door in time for my second date with the muscle-bound guy from Thursday, then he was welcome to have me. I enjoyed both of their company over the next few hours, but afterwards, I was hardly able to stand. For the first time on the cruise, I was starting to feel worn out – in the most satisfying way, of course. Even before dinner, I received several more requests from men, women, and couples to play. Unfortunately, I didn’t have enough time, energy, or flesh to make it all happen. I promised everyone that we would meet on the next LLV trip, be it a hotel takeover or a cruise, and that next time we wouldn’t wait so long to get to know each other. My husband spent much of his night dancing and making out with the woman from the pool, but ultimately we ended the day, and our trip, back in each other’s arms, closer than ever. If you fancy taking a trip on an LLV cruise yourself, you can use the code ‘METRO500’ for a $500 (approx $380) discount. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How I Do It: ‘I run a sex toy company with my wife – here’s a week in our sex life’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’ve never had an orgasm – here’s a week in my sex life’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I came out of a 20-year relationship and started swinging – this is my week in sex’