Daisy Ridley is back on social media after a six-year hiatus. The actress, 29, left Instagram in 2016 after receiving abuse when she shared her support for victims of gun violence. She told Glamour the following year that social media is ‘not good for me, personally,’ and she didn’t feel ‘equipped for it.’ ‘I’m super sensitive, not too sensitive, but I really feel things,’ she shared. But, the Star Wars alum has returned to the site in spectacular fashion, much to the delight of her fans. Daisy surprised everyone with a selfie of her self-care routine, including an LED eye mask and cup of tea. She sat in an armchair, wearing a cosy dressing gown and sipping from her teacup. Daisy wrote in the caption: ‘Coming out of social media hibernation refreshed, recharged, and ready for what I’m calling my ‘Year of Yes’. (And that’s the tea.) picture courtesy of my <3 glam @lipstickkelly and @dayar’ Her follower count is rapidly growing and already sits at over 50K. Taking to the comments to let Daisy know how excited they are about her return, one wrote: ‘OMG!!! This is really happening?! Soo good to have you back Daisy! We missed you!!! ❤️’ Another sweetly commented: ‘Oh my gosh daisy!!! welcome back!!! we’ve missed you ❤️❤️ hope you’re safe, happy and healthy. remember you are SO loved <3 Xxx’ Even the official Star Wars account was on hand to welcome her back, writing, ‘Those would make piloting a speeder most difficult,’ in reference to her unconventional choice of eyewear. After leaving Insta six years back, Daisy stressed to Glamour how important her mental health was to her, stating, ‘I have to come first.’ ‘If I am not healthy — I was struggling with anxiety last year — if I’m not mentally healthy, or I’m depleted from sharing so much, I won’t have anything left for when people approach me,’ she said. Daisy received trolling after posting a snap from the 2016 Teen Choice Awards, which was inspired by her meeting with youngsters affected by gun violence in the US. She was joined at the event by teens from Orlando, Newtown and San Bernardino shootings and shared a Facebook post about feeling ‘lucky.’ ‘Thinking about how lucky I am like……… Serious bit: as I sat in the audience yesterday tears were streaming down my face at the tribute to those that have been lost to gun violence,’ she wrote. ‘I didn’t get a great picture of the incredible group that came on stage but they were so brave. It was a true moment of togetherness. We must #stoptheviolence.’ However, the post attracted negative attention from commenters who believed Daisy was making a statement about gun ownership in America. She later told Buzzfeed in 2019 that she would never be reactivating her social media accounts, since people ‘think opinions have so much weight.’ ‘I don’t really think bad vibes should have the sun shone on them. Like, I don’t want to read your thing.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Will Smith facing more drama as August Alsina ‘to write tell-all book’ over Jada Pinkett Smith ‘entanglement’ MORE : Kendall Jenner reveals recent anxiety struggles after opening up on mental health and panic attacks 