Sandra Greene, 54, was out for a run when her sports bra started to annoy her. It was seriously uncomfortable, suddenly chafing on her chest. When Sandra checked to see what was causing the issue when she got home, she found a bumpy vein on her left breast. It turned out that bump was breast cancer – and Sandra now credits that chafing sports bra with saving her life. Sandra, a financial ombudsman, said: ‘It could have been a very different story if I hadn’t paid attention to my bra rubbing against my skin. ‘Thank goodness I checked as my cancer was caught early. That sports bra saved my life! ‘I was really getting into my training when I realised that my bra was rubbing my chest. ‘It was a sports bra that I’d worn on many occasions and had always been comfortable, but, suddenly, it just felt wrong. ‘It wasn’t a round lump. It felt more like a bumpy vein, so I wasn’t too concerned, but given my family history I decided to book an appointment with my GP.’ An MRI scan revealed Sandra had two tumours in her breast and she was diagnosed with multifocal lobular breast cancer. The mum underwent a mastectomy and reconstruction in October and was placed on a seven-year course of hormone therapy. Sandra, from Grays, Essex, lives with husband Neil and youngest son Callum, 16 – and said she is looking forward to a healthy life. She said: ‘I feel so grateful to be here and I’m looking forward to the future. ‘We’re hoping to go to America this year to visit my eldest son, Bradley, who’s there on a football scholarship, and hopefully meet up with so many people we couldn’t meet during lockdowns. ‘And, of course, I’m looking forward to taking part in lots more running challenges.’ Sandra is now encouraging people to take part in Cancer Research UK’s Race for Life to help raise money for research to prevent, diagnose and treat cancer. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : 21-year-old’s itchy ‘spot’ turned out to be stage three skin cancer MORE : The Fit List: Focus on your inner peace with these wellness-boosting buys MORE : These are the best light wines for spring and Easter