Paul Scholes believes Erik ten Hag could prevent Jesse Lingard from leaving Manchester United this summer and says the England forward might suit the Dutchman’s style of play. Ten Hag will end his five-year association with Ajax at the end of the season when he takes over at Old Trafford on a three-year deal. The 52-year-old is expected to implement a vibrant and demanding style of football at United and has already warned his new players that ‘no concessions’ will be made as he looks to bring success back to the club. One player who could be set to benefit from Ten Hag’s arrival is Lingard, with Scholes insisting he could be just the player United’s new boss turns to following his move to Manchester. Lingard has made more than 200 appearances for the Red Devils since breaking into the first-team squad over a decade ago, but appeared to be heading for the exit door as he will be out of contract come the end of the season. West Ham and Newcastle United have both been heavily linked with Lingard, who is said to be unhappy at how he has been treated by Manchester United. Scholes insists his former club have treated Lingard ‘pretty poorly’ but says he could revive his United career under incoming manager Ten Hag. He said on talkSPORT: ‘I think Jesse has been treated pretty poorly by the club, to be honest. ‘He was ready to sign for Newcastle at one point and West Ham, right at the end of deadline day and he was told he was going to get more minutes. ‘That clearly hasn’t happened. He’s deserved a chance. We all saw what he did at West Ham. He’s a really good footballer and can bring goals to a team and with this team playing so poorly as well, for him not to get a chance… I think he’s unfairly treated. ‘I think he might suit him [Ten Hag] and he might want to keep him. We will see what happens.  ‘It’s obvious he never wants to leave Manchester United, and if this manager wants him then why wouldn’t he stay?’ Scholes also opened up on his revelation about the Manchester United dressing room over the weekend. Speaking to Premier League Productions during United’s 3-2 defeat at Arsenal on Saturday, Scholes said that Lingard had recently told him the dressing room is a ‘disaster’, with the team struggling under interim manager Ralf Rangnick. ‘I’ve had a little bit of stick for that,’ Scholes said. ‘I don’t know why I did it! ‘Honestly, sometimes words just come out your mouth. I have spoken to him since and probably best I don’t tell you what he said.’ Lingard came on for the final 15 minutes of Manchester United’s defeat to Arsenal as Rangnick’s side lost more ground in the top-four race. Rangnick all but dismissed United’s Champions League hopes following the setback in north London, saying: ‘For me, even before the game it was not very likely, but after today’s result it is gone, yes.’ Manchester United will look to get back to winning ways following two straight defeats on Thursday night when Chelsea visit Old Trafford. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 