Dan Walker could be set to rake in the big bucks after announcing he’s quitting BBC Breakfast for Channel 5. The 45-year-old presenter, who has been fronting the morning news programme since 2016, will be joining 5 News after Sian Williams confirmed she was stepping down last month. Although the Strictly Come Dancing star insisted the career move wasn’t ‘motivated by money’ reports claim that Dan was ‘raging’ when BBC refused him the opportunity to present his own primetime show. A source said: ‘He went to them to discuss his future after getting the offer from Channel 5 in the hope that they’d give him what he wanted to keep him on the breakfast show.’ Insiders also claimed that the newsreader ‘attempted’ to use Channel 5’s offer as ‘leverage’ in the hopes that he will secure his own programme on the BBC. However, Dan’s efforts didn’t work in his favour according to The Sun. Dan’s upcoming deal will reportedly see him host 5 News four days a week and six hours of primetime shows a year. Since stepping into Bill Turnbull’s shoes in 2016, the journalist co-presented BBC Breakfast with Louise Minchin until last year. Louise was replaced by  Sally Nugent whose appointment was announced in October 2021. Addressing his departure on Tuesday’s (March 5) show Dan said: ‘This has been a really difficult decision, probably the hardest decision in my career because I love you to bits and I really love working here and I love the team at BBC Breakfast.’ ‘The six years I’ve had on this sofa has been the best six years of my career by some distance, but I think sometimes opportunities come along and you have to grab them, don’t you?’ Naturally, Dan’s co-stars wished him well following the news of his departure, with Louise tweeting: ‘Massive congratulations and good luck Dan. You will be missed on @BBCBreakfast but you won’t miss the early alarm calls.’ Sports presenter Mike Bushell said: ‘Wow huge congratulations @mrdanwalker you’ll be greatly missed by your @BBCBreakfast family as you’re so brilliant as a broadcaster, egg man, friend, on and off the box,  but it will be an exciting new challenge and chapter.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to  Dan Walker’s reps and Channel 5 for comment. The BBC declined to comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Richard Osman calls Pointless ‘a joy from start to finish’ as he quits BBC quiz show after 13 years MORE : Kim Kardashian met documentary legend Robert Winston in a delightfully bizarre collision of TV worlds 