Rylan Clark has opened up on how his beloved mum Linda was his absolute rock during his ‘toughest’ year, as the pair spent time living together in 2021. The TV star, 33, recently revealed he would be writing a book titled TEN to mark a decade working in the entertainment industry. It came after a difficult period for the Radio 2 DJ, who split from his husband Dan Neal in June last year after six years of marriage. In the aftermath of his split six foot four Rylan previously revealed he’d weighed under 10 stone, after becoming ill and losing weight. But he remained honest with fans about his recent mental health struggles, and is now looking forward to a much more positive year. While chatting to Metro.co.uk at the Boots No7 Pro Derm Scan launch party, he confirmed he’s absolutely ‘ready’ for what’s ahead. Reflected on how far he’s come, he was quick to credit his mum as being a large part of what helped him move forward. He shared: ‘I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for my mum. I stayed with my mum for that whole time… it was almost like I regressed to being a child again. ‘I couldn’t have done it without her,’ the It Takes Two host said. He explained how he needed to reconnect with his family amid the difficult period, noting: ‘I needed that family support, and I feel like I’d lost that… not their support but I’d lost the connection with my family through being part of another.’ Rylan recently got Linda on board for a one off cameo during his popular Saturday afternoon radio show. Last month, the pair joined forces as they were treated to phone-ins from some of Linda’s pals, as well as plenty of listeners wanting to get the chance to chat to the guest of honour. But Rylan admitted he had reservations about bringing on the most important lady in his life onto his programme. He joked to us: ‘I was so worried she’d say f**k! ‘It was amazing, I said to her, “Do you want to do it again?” She was like “No”. She’s 70 this year!’ Away from his new tell-all book, Rylan teased he has ‘quite a lot’ coming up elsewhere in 2022. ‘A lot personally and a lot publicly. Yeah, a new start personally and a new start professionally. I’m ready.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bill Bailey slams Will Smith’s violent Oscar outburst but believes Chris Rock ‘crossed a line’ as a comedian: ‘It was completely out of order’ MORE : Britain’s Got Talent return date confirmed by Ant and Dec after show’s pandemic hiatus 