Harry and Meghan were all smiles today as they hitched a ride on the back of mini Land Rovers driven by children at the Invictus Games. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex showed off their playful sides during a driving challenge ahead of the event’s opening ceremony in The Hague tonight. Harry pumped his fists in the air as he was driven round the small course in the toy-style car by Scarlett Vroegop, the four-year-old daughter of a Dutch competitor. Meghan beamed and waved at fans as she was driven by five-year-old Mya Poirot, who is also the daughter of a French competitor, while clutching a Canadian flag. The couple dressed down for the special appearance, with Meghan opting for loose jeans and a black jacket and Harry a dark polo shirt and blue trousers. The pair received a warm welcome as they were chauffeured by the two young children. At one point, Harry appears to tease Meghan for being slow, who smiles and laughs back at her husband from across the track. The duke’s vehicle then appears to get into a spot of trouble as it veers onto the grass on the side of the course instead of turning around the corner. He helps the little girl get the car back on track while glancing behind him to see if Meghan had caught up. The crowd of onlookers cheer and clap as Harry’s car is righted. Fans of the duchess also applauded and clapped her with some shouting ‘Meghan, over here’ to get her attention. Emy Poirot, whose daughter drove the duchess, told MailOnline: ‘It was so lovely and Meghan was so nice. It’s quite unbelievable really. ‘She was lovely and we never expected her to sit with Mia. It is something to remember when she is older. I am just so happy.’ Later, the duke took part in the Jaguar Land Rover driving challenge, sitting in the front passenger seat and helping to navigate a course of bridge structures, ramps and rocks. Jaguar Land Rover provides financial backing for the games. Their appearance at The Hague’s Zuiderpark came after they managed to squeeze in a secret trip to the UK to see the Queen on Thursday morning. The pair then touched down in the Netherlands on Friday, making their first public appearance together in Europe since quitting as senior working royals and moving to the US more than two years ago. The couple will both speak on stage at the opening ceremony on Saturday evening. They are set to address the audience at the televised event which will be attended by members of the Dutch royal family and the country’s prime minister. The opening ceremony will feature live performances by the Kaiser Chiefs, the Johan Willem Friso royal military band, singer-songwriter Anneke van Giersbergen, and rock band DI-RECT. Princess Margriet, Prince Pieter-Christiaan and Prime Minister Mark Rutte are among those expected to attend, with Mr Rutte scheduled to give a speech on the importance of the Invictus Games. A crew has joined Harry and Meghan at the games as part of filming for a Netflix documentary called Heart Of Invictus – a series from Archewell Productions following people who are competing at the event. A film crew was at the park on Friday and a crew could be seen close to Harry and Meghan on Saturday. Harry founded the Invictus Games to aid the rehabilitation of injured or sick military personnel and veterans from across the globe, by giving them the challenge of competing in sporting events similar to the Paralympics. Harry and Meghan’s trips to the UK and the Netherlands come after the pair were absent from the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service in London last month. Harry is bringing a claim against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the same degree of personal protective security when visiting from the US, despite offering to pay for it himself. The duke wants to bring his children to visit, but he and his family are “unable to return to his home” because it is too dangerous, his legal representative has said. The opening ceremony will be shown on the BBC. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.