Hackers affiliated to Anonymous have leaked over 900,000 emails from Russia’s largest media corporation. Network Battalion 65 or NB65, a group affiliated with the famed hacker collective Anonymous, has leaked nearly a million emails from the All-Russia State Television and Radio Broadcasting Company (VGTRK). NB65 shared the leaked emails with Distributed Denial of Secrets (DDoSecrets), a journalistic organisation which has made the 786.2 GB email cache available to the public as a torrent file. The latest leak is ‘an unprecedented exposure of state-owned media and propaganda which the Russian government considers essential to the state security’ said Emma Best, Co-founder DDoSecrets in a tweet. The emails reportedly cover over 20 years of communications and included conversations related to daily operations and international sanctions imposed on Russia by other countries amid the war, according the Daily Dot. NB65 reportedly provided DDoSecrets over 800 GB of data which came to around   786.2 GB after sorting and de-duplication. In addition to the over 900,000 leaked emails, there were over 4,000 files taken from VGTRK’s cloud service, mostly consisting of media assets and clips, etc. The All-Russian State Television and Radio Broadcasting Company (VGTRK) is Russia’s largest media corporation. It currently owns and operates five national television stations, two international networks, five radio stations, and over 80 regional TV and radio networks. It also runs the information agency Rossiya Segodnya which operates the news agency Sputnik. VGTRK’s popular ‘Rossiya 1’ TV program reaches 98.5% of Russia’s population, while its international version reaches viewers across the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, North Africa, and China. The Russian media group has been criticised for being a propaganda arm for the Kremlin, spreading misinformation among the Russian population. MORE : Anonymous ‘hacks’ Russia’s Central Bank and ‘will unleash 35,000 secret files’ MORE : Anonymous claims it has taken out Russia’s national security agency