Summer is very near and our minds are firmly set on footwear choices. Every year there are some pairs that take centre stage and this year is no different. It seems that comfort is top of the agenda and the shoes taking the spotlight are meant for longterm wear. For those who struggle with sandals, straps and blisters every time the temperature rises, this is welcome news. So from clogs to wedges to super flatforms, here are the five shoes to invest in this coming summer season. Comfortable? Yes. Versatile? Yes. Ugly? Slightly. The Birkenstock Boston clog has been a surprise hit in the fashion world. Not the daintiest of shoes, it has made its way into casual wardrobes everywhere and we are here for it. Wear yours this summer under denim shorts and relaxed linen white shirt. Get them for £120 at Birkenstock. Adidias Sambas first appeared in the 1950s – and 70 years later they are experiencing a renaissance of sorts. Seen on Instagram cool girls like Camille Carriere, the trainer is utterly cool and is soon to be an essential buy. Get them for approx £66 at La Marc Sports. Love them or hate them, fisherman sandals appear every summer and 2022 is no different. Alongside the tweecore trend, these closed-toe sandals have risen in popularity, offering a cute yet practical quality to any outfit. Wear yours with a white flowing mini dress and sunglasses for an ultimate summer chic look. Get them for £70.72 at Oliver Bonas. It wouldn’t be summer without a pair of wedges. This year’s offerings veer away from the classic espadrille style we’re used to, in neon colours and high-shine finishes. Perfect for holidays and nights out on the town – as well as anywhere that grass may be, to avoid stiletto heels getting stuck in the turf. Buy these for £42 from River Island. Nineties style flatforms are big news this summer and this ASOS crochet strap pair are stunning. Great to add some extra height, flatforms make your legs look like they go on for days. Plus, they feel like you are walking on air. We approve. Get it for £28 at ASOS. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your guide to the heartthrob bob – the 90s trend that’s come back around MORE : How to make your own DIY shoe wall MORE : What I Rent: Sara and Oliver, £1,055 a month for a one-bedroom flat in Hove