A video showing Vladimir Putin’s hand shaking uncontrollably has drawn comparisons to Adolf Hitler’s own failing health as Germany faced defeat in World War Two. Last night, footage emerged showing the Russian dictator trembling and walking unsteadily as he greeted the leader of Belarus. The clip, shot just before he started the war in Ukraine, fuelled further speculation of the state of his health following a video which showed him clutching onto the corner of a table during a televised meeting. Earlier this month, a report claimed Putin has been under near-constant monitoring by a cancer surgeon. But the despot has long been rumoured to be hiding a serious condition, perhaps Parkinson’s – and some scientists believe that Hitler suffered from this disease too. In what was one of the last times the dictator was seen alive outside of his Berlin bunker, a propaganda video filmed in April 1945 showed him decorating members of the Hitler Youth. The film was supposed to show how the Führer of Nazi Germany was still in command, even as the Soviet Union’s troops closed on the capital. However a significant part of the footage was cut from the final version and supposedly destroyed. The missing part showed the Nazi leader’s left hand shaking violently as he held it behind his back while greeting military officers. It was discovered in an East German film laboratory in the 1970s. Many experts believe that Hitler was suffering from Parkinson’s disease at the time the video was filmed. The neurological condition effects muscle control and impairs mobility. British historian Richard Evans said the symptoms started showing during the war. He told the Smithsonian Channel in 2014: ‘He had a shake in his left hand. For a time, that was cured, as it were, by the bomb that went off on July 20, 1944. ‘As he said, that’s not the way I would choose of curing it. But soon after that, the shaking came back in his right side. ‘He began to drag his feet and shuffle. He began to speak in a more flat, less animated sort of way. Normally.’ The documentary compared footage from 1940 and 1944 to show how Hitler’s mobility appeared to decline during the war. Meanwhile, surviving historical records show how the Nazi leader’s personal doctor Theodor Morell first noted his tremor in 1941 but put it down to stress. In the final days of the war, he concluded that Hitler was suffering from ‘shaking palsy’ – the original name for Parkinson’s disease. Paranoia, impulsive behaviour and delusions have been linked to the later stages of the neurological disorder. One scientific paper published in 2015 suggested the disease influenced some of the dictator’s biggest decisions, making him reckless and leading to his defeat in World War II. It also goes a step further to say that Hitler’s ‘callous and inhuman’ personality  was influenced by Parkinson’s. However, historians point out that this theory does not explain Hitler’s actions and racist beliefs before the war. The mass murdered killed himself inside his bunker, which was built near Berlin’s Reich Chancellery, on April 30, 1945. By then, Germany was on the brink of total defeat against Allied and Russian forces. The Nazi dictator had launched a doomed invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941 which saw Joseph Stalin’s forces fight back and ultimately triumph against Germany. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in February has brought violence on a scale not seen since then, with many western leaders drawing comparisons between Putin and Hitler’s brutality. Human rights officials have claimed that, just like in Nazi Germany, the Kremlin has resorted to recruiting children to boost its troop numbers. Meanwhile Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky has accused Russia of committing the ‘most terrible war crimes’ since the Second World War, including cutting out the tongues of civilians. There are calls for the Russian leader to face a Nuremberg-style trial to face justice for the atrocities his troops are committing on his behalf.    