People talk about having good posture all of the time. We know to avoid ‘tech neck’, quit slouching, and ensure our work station is ergonomically set up. Rarely, however, do we think of this when it comes to sleep. Sleep posture expert James Leinhardt of Levitex tells us: ‘People simply don’t know how much their sleeping position affects their life and the pain they feel throughout the day.’ Having worked with patients needing back care support on the NHS, he sees how people seldom think about the position in which they sleep. ‘You stick with what you’re used to because it’s comfortable,’ he says, ‘and blame your neck pain on yesterday’s gardening or other strenuous activities, instead of considering this could have been impacted by sleeping on your stomach and overextending your neck muscles through the night – it’s bound to have an impact. ‘This is particularly clear when working with athletes. ‘I’ve spoken to over 650 professional athletes over time and not a single one had considered the impact of their sleeping position prior, not realising the surface they lie on can impact their rest and recovery. ‘You spend a third of every day asleep, so really focusing on how you can get the most from that could make all the difference – not just for athletes, but for everyone.’ We sleep for 26 years of our lives, so it’s time to consider our sleep posture. Poor sleep posture is directly related to your spine health. James says if you have bad posture, ‘eventually you’ll start getting warning signals it’s not right: you’ll face waking up with neck pain, lower back pain, shoulder pain, hip pain, and joint pain. ‘There is a direct, linear relationship between pain, mood, and sleep. ‘If you wake up in pain, you’re immediately in a bad mood, but you’re in a bad mood because everything hurts, and you struggle to sleep because the mood and pain has ground you down all day. It’s a vicious cycle that’s difficult to break.’ The best suggested sleeping position is semi-foetal side-lying – ‘The Dreamer’ – as it puts the least tension through the spine. James says: ‘Make sure your pillow isn’t too high or too low. ‘It should fill the space between your earlobe and scapula. ‘The second-best position (if you’re not able to lie on your side) is your back, with a pillow that lifts your head just enough to support the curvature between your neck and head, without coming too far forward.’ He adds: ‘As for stomach sleeping, this is never recommended. There’s no way to maintain a neutral resting spine while on your front. ‘The only exception for when stomach sleeping is fine is if a medical condition calls for it. ‘During the first Covid wave, we designed a proning system for patients to help them breathe without the need for a respirator. This included positioning them on their front, in the prone position.’ The pillow and mattress you choose will affect this too. James says: ‘They must consider pressure relief so it’s comfortable; postural management so your spine stays neutral, and finally, proprioception (which is the understanding of where we are in space). ‘If your lying surface doesn’t address proprioception and you feel unstable in your sleeping environment, signals are constantly sent to your brain to keep the muscles and muscle fibres active. This will ultimately affect your sleep quality.’ Going forward, where can you start to improve your posture? James says only two things impact this: the position you lie in and the surface you lie on. ‘We can fix both of these, but we can’t expect it to happen over one night. ‘It will take time to get used to a new way of sleeping and a new sleep routine but that’s okay – all good things take time and an hour more of optimised sleep posture tonight will benefit us in the long run.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the best (and worst) sleeping positions for back pain and posture MORE : No exercise for a week has the same effect on mental wellbeing as seven nights of bad sleep, says study MORE : Common posture mistakes you’re probably making – and how to fix them