Tyson Fury has cemented his status as the best heavyweight in boxing after a devastating one-punch knockout victory over Dillian Whyte. In front of 94,000 spectators at Wembley Stadium, ‘The Gypsy King’ put on another superb show to defend his WBC and Ring Magazine titles, finishing the challenger in the sixth round with a huge uppercut after dominating the contest. It sets up the tantalising prospect of a unification showdown with either Oleksandr Usyk or Anthony Joshua, who are set to meet in a rematch in July following the Ukrainian’s IBF, WBO and WBA championship victory in London last year. Fury however says he will now retire from professional boxing despite the riches that could lay ahead with that fight. After fraught negotiations that began last year and lasted right up until fight week, the mutual respect between Fury and Whye, former sparring partners over a decade ago, was firmly on show in the days leading up to the opening bell. That went out the window during an ill-tempered and bruising battle between the two Britons on St George’s Day. Fury controlled the pace in the opening two rounds, maintaining distance with his jab and making Whyte miss by a mile with a couple of wild, looping right hands. Whyte struggled to get close to the bigger man, tied up on the rare occasions when he was able to get inside early on. Signs of frustration in Whyte emerged in a messy fourth round with the Brixton man throwing a shot after the break. Referee Mark Lyson was forced to intervene on more than one occasion with elbows and heads going in during one particularly vicious clinch – with a drink thrown from the crowd towards the ring adding to the madness. Fury turned on the style in the fifth, landing flush shots with Whyte briefly stunned midway through the round, unable to close that gap without being caught. Whyte desperately needed more urgency midway through the fight having looked remarkably slow and lacking his usual bite. But another wildly inaccurate right over the top that connected with fresh air served to emphasise his struggles. Having largely dominated the contest, Fury produced a shot from the ages shortly after – a perfectly timed right-hand uppercut that finished Whyte, sending him crashing towards the canvas. The challenger got back to his feet but was in no condition to continue with the contest waved off as Fury secured the perfect swansong to a stunning career. MORE : Tyson Fury’s wife Paris ‘pregnant with couple’s seventh child’ says Carl Froch MORE : Dillian Whyte’s exhausting wait for a world title shot is finally here after years of frustration and setbacks For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 