Over the last couple of years, the terms ‘wellness’ and ‘wellbeing’ have become as buzzwordy as ‘self-care’. Rather than being a genuine practice to improve your own mental and physical health, these words are often used to sell us things like scented candles and life coaches. Now, practically anything can be labelled wellness – from exercising and socialising to painting and face-masking. But new research by TUI Blue suggests that the term ‘wellness’ could be doing more harm than good. It found that 86% of Brits suspect wellness trends may have a negative impact, with more than half (54%) admitting to feeling worse after trying a new fad. In fact, the overwhelming nature of wellness causes a third of those surveyed to feel like a failure when it comes to maintaining it – which explains why 32% of those surveyed believe a simpler approach to wellbeing would make them happier in general. It’s clear a ‘one size fits all’ approach to wellness isn’t working – what works for one person may not work for another, and attempting to try everything at once can only lead to burnout. To combat this, TUI Blue have launched a wellness style test in collaboration with RealTalk therapist Tasha Bailey, to help people understand which wellness trends are worth it and which they should bin. The test is also meant to help people decide where to go on holiday for the most invigorating and relaxing break for them. ‘The way we rest, nourish, connect with others and align with ourselves impacts how healthy and happy we feel. There can be a lot of societal pressure on what wellness should look like, which for many people, can be demotivating,’ says Tasha. ‘In reality, wellness is a personal journey, and the same wellness tools don’t work for everyone. ‘Instead, we need to create a personalised strategy to fit our unique emotional and physical needs. For instance, some people feel energised by exciting or vigorous activity, whereas others will feel refreshed by more restful self-care practices like meditation. ‘With our needs constantly changing, wellness tools need to be flexible and continuously reassessed, trying out new forms of self-care and accessing the old patterns that no longer work for us.’ According to the quiz, there are seven main wellness styles. While there’s bound to be some crossover, it’s important to understand your main wellness style, so that you can tailor your self-care and wellbeing activities perfectly to your needs. Which of the below are you? If you’re a culture connoisseur, you’re likely to enjoy activities like exploring landmarks or watching the latest movie at the cinema. Theatre shows and live music are probably your jam, too, and you love immersing yourself in new cultures, whether that’s trying a new food or exploring somewhere different. Your sense of happiness also comes from learning and experiencing new things, so you’ll find that reading a new book or taking yourself on a movie date will leave you feeling refreshed. Social connectors are quite extroverted, at least when they want to be, and find happiness by spending quality times with their loved ones or even making new friends. Whether it’s a bottomless brunch, a family gathering or a night in with their partner, socialising will leave social connectors feeling invigorated. A sensation seeker is someone who is ruled by their senses. Whether it’s seeing some glorious artwork, listening to music or tasting something delicious, anything that can help you see, feel, smell, taste or hear life’s beauty will help you feel relaxed and inspired. An active adventurer is the sort of person who loves to be on the go. If you’re constantly looking for new ways to challenge yourself – and you find that keeping your body busy is what keeps your mind calm – you probably fall into this wellness style. Going for a hike, trying a new sport or completing a difficult workout will likely leave you feeling better than before. If you’re a spiritual harmoniser, finding your happiness comes from reflecting on your inner self. You’re always on the lookout for meaningful experiences and value your alone time above everything. Whether it’s meditating, journaling, practicing yoga or having deep conversations with those around you, you feel your best when connecting with your own spirituality. A playful pioneer is a child at heart – in the best way. If you’re curious, playful and optimistic, you likely fall into this category. Trying something fun and energetic is probably going to be your best bet for finding your own wellness ritual. Finally, if me-time is of the utmost importance to you, you’re likely a reclined relaxer. Whether it’s a solo walk around the park, unwinding with your favourite book or taking a long and relaxing bubble bath with a face mask to boot, indulging yourself in self-care is likely to bring you a lot of calm. Pampering yourself and giving your body time to relax is what brings you the most happiness. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Can going on a work and wellness retreat soothe stress and get you inspired again? I found out MORE : Long Covid wellness treatments: Do they heal or scam the sick? MORE : These are the best easy wellness tips to get your mojo back