North Korea has warned its bitter rival faces ‘a serious threat’ over its ‘senseless’ missile remarks. It comes after South Korea’s defence minister Suh Wook said they would be ready to launch precision strikes if needed. In a direct threat to their northern foe, he added they could ‘accurately and quickly hit any target in North Korea’. Kim Yo-jong, the sister of dictator Kim Jong-un, released a blistering statement in response. She said: ‘The senseless and scum-like guy dare mention a “pre-emptive strike” at a nuclear weapons state. ‘South Korea may face a serious threat owing to the reckless remarks made by its defence minister. ‘South Korea should discipline itself if it wants to stave off disaster.’ Kim Yo-jong, a senior official in the ruling Workers’ Party, is widely known as North Korea’s ‘number two’ behind her brother. She is in charge of the country’s relations with Seoul and Washington. Previously, she has directed threatening comments to US President Joe Biden and warned him not to ‘give off powder smell in our land’. Her scathing comments towards South Korea today have been echoed by Pak Jong Chon, a secretary in the Workers’ Party’s central committee. He said ‘any slight misjudgement and ill statement’ may trigger ‘a full-blown war’. Mr Pak said his country will ‘mercilessly direct military force into destroying major targets in Seoul and the South Korean army’ if South Korea pre-emptively attacks North Korea. Pyongyang’s multiple missile launches have increased tensions both in Seoul and the wider world. However, one recent deployment of a so-called ‘monster missile’ was debunked by officials. North Korea claimed they had succesfully fired a deadly Hwasong-17, but it later emerged the weapon was in fact an older, less deadly, model. Security experts believe the launch was faked in a bid to drum up further support for Kim’s regime. South Korea fired a volley of ‘retaliatory missile launches’ following the launch. Their most recent test-launch was of a solid fuel rocket. Seoul has no actual nuclear weapons and is under the protection of the US ‘nuclear umbrella’, which means the country would be protected against a nuclear attack. North Korea has been significantly ramping up their missile activity and nuclear weapon testing since January, with tensions at a new high. Relations between the two Korean states briefly flourished in 2018 after North Korea abruptly reached out to South Korea and the United States to express willingness to put its nuclear programme on the bargaining table. At the time, Kim Yo-jong visited South Korea to attend the Winter Olympics and meet other world leaders and country officials. She conveyed her brother’s invitation for South Korea’s Ban Ki-moon to visit the North. But North Korea cut off ties with South Korea after its broader diplomacy with the United States collapsed in 2019 due to disputes over US-led economic sanctions. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.