Erik ten Hag has warned Manchester United’s bosses not to bother him in the build up to Ajax games as he looks to deliver a third Eredivisie title before moving to Old Trafford. United unveiled Ten Hag, 52, as their next manager earlier in the month, with the Dutchman signing a three-year deal with the Premier League club. Ten Hag was delighted to become Manchester United’s fifth permanent manager since Sir Alex Ferguson but requested during negotiations that there would be some distance between him and the club before he physically moves to England. As a result, ESPN say United chiefs are under strict instructions not to bother their new manager in the 48 hours before Ajax games as he does not want to risk getting distracted and blowing his current club’s title challenge. With four games remaining, Ajax are top of the Dutch top-flight but PSV remain in the title hunt, trailing Ten Hag’s side by just four points. Ten Hag will take over a Manchester United side who have endured a torrid season – failing to secure any silverware for the fifth year in a row – and look set to miss out on Champions League football. Under interim boss Ralf Rangnick, United have dropped points in four of their last five games, most recently drawing 1-1 with Chelsea on Thursday night.  In one of his first interviews since being appointed by Manchester United, Ten Hag warned the Old Trafford squad that ‘no concessions’ will be made as he looks to bring success back to the club. Asked if he believes he can manage the superstars at United, Ten Hag told Dutch outlet Trouw: ‘I think so, but I will remain myself too. I will not change my view on coaching. ‘The players always define how you play but I also indicated the requirements that would have to come with it and the standards. ‘I will tell who has what job to do and one who doesn’t meet those requirements will be told, regardless of who he is. I make no concessions in that regard.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 