A pub owner has advertised a brutal job listing banning applicants with bad personal hygiene or ‘dodgy looking toes’. Craig Harker, 35, posted a online vacancy for chefs, kitchen porters and front of house staff for his George Pub & Grill venues across Teesside. As he says he’s usually inundated with sloppy applicants, he attempted to whittle the competition down with some particular requirements. ‘Those that attend with that fruity B.O. odour – it’s a no go. Oway give your pits a wash before you come down for an interview, a quick whiff and spray those bad boys,’ the application read. ‘First impressions count. That includes brushing those tusks too. The key part for any interview is first impressions, don’t have mine as this person clearly needs a wash and have me turning my head because of that naughty breath that stings my cheeks. ‘If those nashers are black then stay back, white and you’re alright. Especially when front of house greeting our customers as they walk through the door.’ Whilst Craig is willing to give anyone a chance, including those who don’t have any hospitality experience, he warned applicants ‘don’t just apply because the Job Centre asked you to’. He also asked candidates not to turn up to the interview ‘after a session or a big night, and stinking of that last can of lager you had at 5am’. Those who lack personality or rarely engage with the outside world need not apply, as the proprietor is looking for ‘lively’ employees not someone who stays at home ‘for days on end’. The application read: ‘We want lively, bubbly and friendly people for front of house, not people sat at home all day sitting on the latest FIFA and not leaving the house for days on end. ‘Go and get some fresh air and interact with real people. I don’t care you’ve led a team on Call of Duty or Dungeon and Dragons, what real work experience do you have? If not then we have positions we can train too.’ While requesting people with ‘dodgy-looking toes’ refrain from applying, those who made it onto the team would ‘love the banter’ in the workplace, Craig insisted. The George Pub & Grill faced losing its licence in 2019 after asking its customer if they would punch their ex partners in the face for a steak, and was accused of making light of domestic violence. Craig refused to apologise for the post – despite the Advertising Standards Agency saying the advert had breached its code – but did remove it from Facebook. ‘Anyone who took offence simply isn’t our clientele and we know our audience,’ he had said. ‘This is the PC brigade gone nuts, and the world does not need more political correctness dictating what we can not say’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.