Manchester United legend Gary Neville admits he feels sorry for Erik ten Hag – before the Dutchman has even managed a single game for the club. The Ajax boss is set to sign an initial three-year deal with the Red Devils and an announcement could even be made this week. However, United are unlikely to have Champions League football next season after a humiliating 4-0 defeat to arch rivals Liverpool at Anfield on Tuesday. Neville tore into United following their loss against Jurgen Klopp’s men, describing the team as a ‘shambles’ and saying the club as a whole was ‘broken’. But the former United skipper went even further to say that he actually felt sorry for Ten Hag that he has to takeover the club in such a mess. ‘My view at this moment of time, there’s a lot of things the players could have done better, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer could have done better, Ralf Rangnick maybe could have done better,’ said Neville. ‘But fundamentally the club is broken on and off the pitch. ‘The stadium is falling apart, the training ground is falling back to second rate compared to other training grounds. The owners are taking £25m out the club when the club needs investment and sets the culture from the top. ‘One thing I’ll guarantee you is that Manchester United will come back and they’ll be successful, becaue the world is round and they’re too big and a great club. ‘I’ve got no worries about the long-term, it might be five years, 10 years, 15 years. ‘Just like I never had any doubts that Liverpool would come back one day. ‘I feel sorry for him [Ten Hag].’ Ralf Rangnick insisted United may have to sign up to ten players this summer in order to start the rebuild that is necessary at Old Trafford. Paul Pogba, Edinson Cavani, Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata are all set to leave when their contracts expire, while Phil Jones, Eric Bailly and Dean Henderson could be sold. Ten Hag wants a centre-back, a right-back, two central midfielders and a new centre forward. MORE : ‘It won’t be enough’ – Michael Owen makes Chelsea v Arsenal prediction ahead of Stamford Bridge clash 