A man caught fly-tipping by a camera hidden by the council in a notorious dumping spot has been jailed. Graham Swinbourne, 39, was seen illegally dumping household and garden items in a country lane near Gravesend in Kent. He had lied to his customer, telling them waste would be disposed of lawfully. But shortly after he drove a short distance and fly-tipped the haul. The hidden cameras were deployed by Gravesham Council, who say he failed to cooperate with an investigation. His jailing comes just over a year after he admitted spitting at a parking warden before telling him he had Covid. Swinbourne was given a 12 month community order and a three month 7pm-7am curfew after admitting common assault at Medway Magistrates. This time he appeared at Sevenoaks Magistrates Court where he pleaded guilty to several offences relating to fly-tipping.  He was sentenced to six weeks in prison and ordered to pay more than £400 by Sevenoaks magistrates. He was also ordered to pay £156 compensation and £250 in costs. Speaking after the latest court hearing, Cllr Shane Mochrie-Cox, Gravesham council’s cabinet member for community and leisure, said:'”We do not tolerate fly-tipping in Gravesham and we use all powers at our disposal to identify and prosecute offenders. ‘As part of our investment in environmental enforcement we have bought and installed hidden cameras at various locations around the borough with the clear goal of bringing offenders to justice, and in this instance the evidence they provided was irrefutable. ‘Fly-tippers should beware; we can and will move our cameras. You will not know where they are or when, but the chances are they will be watching you. ‘Most of our residents are law abiding, caring citizens who want this Borough clean and tidy and want action taken against those who act in this criminal way. ‘This technology is part of our wider investment helping us tackle the scourge of fly-tipping and preventing these incidents occurring.’ Cllr Mochrie-Cox added: ‘I am grateful to the court for jailing Swinbourne, who is clearly an individual with no respect for others. ‘The sentence should send a stark warning to anyone considering dumping waste here in Gravesham: We will find you and we will take action.” ‘As part of our investment in environmental enforcement we have bought and installed hidden cameras at various locations,’ Gravesham Cllr Shane Mochrie-Cox warned. ‘Fly-tippers should beware; we can and will move our cameras. The chances are they will be watching you.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.