Molly-Mae Hague’s cats are feline pretty content after moving into her new mansion. Molly-Mae, 22, recently bought her dream home with boyfriend Tommy Fury, also 22, after three years of house hunting. The couple are currently renovating the property and have big plans for their abode, which they are documenting on her Molly Maison account. The Cheshire property now belonging to the PrettyLittleThing creative director and her boxer boyfriend is said to have cost a staggering £4m in the affluent area of Cheshire, boasting 5,000 sq ft of land. This is sure to give Molly-Mae’s adorable cats plenty of space for exploring, since they are now getting settled in their new home. The Love Island star shared a sweet video of the cats entering the property for the first time and they looked incredibly curious and eager to explore their new surroundings. In the clip shared to her Instagram story, Molly-Mae wrote: ‘We are in,’ after letting her furry friends out of their travel cases. She wore a beaming smile on her face as Eggy and Bread ventured into the hallway before showing them around. The reality stars shared that they had welcomed the four-legged friends to their family in February, initially keeping their names under wraps for a while. Molly-Mae now loves to make her followers go all heart eyes over the cats as she frequently posts the cutest pics of them. The kittens are Scottish Folds, a breed known for their small ears that sometimes fold over, and they are brothers. Speaking about Eggy and Bread on her YouTube channel, Molly-Mae said: ‘They have changed my life so much, I can’t even begin to explain my love for them.’ Eggy and Bread first came into Molly-Mae and Tommy’s lives when they lived in their Manchester apartment, which was previously the victim of an £800,000 burglarly. After having their personal belongings stolen, the couple moved to a new property and Molly-Mae has revealed she now employs round the clock security. They have not shared the exact location of their first home together, saying it was a big decision to share the inside of the house itself during the renovation process. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Barack and Michelle Obama to leave Spotify in search of new multi-million dollar podcast deal MORE : Kris Jenner opens up about miscarriage heartache as Kourtney Kardashian details IVF struggles: ‘My body entirely shut down’ 