James Argent was seen arriving at The Wanted singer Tom Parker’s funeral accompanied by his ex-girlfriend Lydia Bright. The former Towie stars were among mourners who were invited to the private service in south-east London on Wednesday when Parker was laid to rest. Parker, a married father-of-two and boy band singer, died on March 30 at the age of 33 following a battle with brain cancer. Amid the hundreds of fans who had gathered outside the church in Petts Wood, James, 34, and Lydia, 31, were pictured making their way into the funeral together. The former couple looked solemn as they strolled side-by-side with other mourners, and clutched onto the funeral service programs. James, who was good friends with Parker and his wife Kelsey, posted a heartfelt tribute to the late singer after news of his death broke. Alongside a carousel of photos from fun times with the couple, James wrote: ‘Tom was such a Kind, Caring & Fun person. A truly Lovely and Beautiful man who was so Strong & Positive. I’m so grateful for all the memories I have with you & the quality time we spent together. ‘From those weeks in Austria taking part in “The Jump” to us both stripping off & getting butt naked live on tv for “The Real Full Monty”. Performing together at your stag do is something I’ll never forget & always cherish.’ Recalling other fond memories, the reality star continued: ‘Being at both your engagement & baby party meant the world to me. You & @being_kelsey have been great friends to me, All those video calls and advice you gave me really helped me through tough times. ‘You & Kelsey are the definition of soulmates, The most solid & perfectly matched couple I’ve ever known. Your beautiful children will know how much of a legend there Dad was. ‘I miss & love you mate ❤️’ James and Lydia famously dated on and off from 2008 and 2016 and much of their relationship was captured in early series of ITV2’s The Only Way Is Essex. Despite their split, they have remained good friends in recent years. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Parker’s fans incredibly raise £59,000 in his memory before funeral after The Wanted singer’s death aged 33 MORE : The Wanted stars carry Tom Parker’s coffin as they pay respects to bandmate at funeral after his death at age 33 