A three-year-old girl struck down by a global surge of hepatitis has survived after receiving part of her father’s liver. Lola-Rose Raine was one of almost 170 children in 11 countries to fall ill with the deadly liver disease in recent months — a spike possibly linked to a lack of exposure to viruses during Covid lockdowns. Her parents thought her vomiting was a stomach bug but they became concerned when her eyes developed a yellow tinge. When her liver started to fail, medics put Lola-Rose in a coma and removed the diseased organ — giving her just hours to live without a replacement. Her father Alan, 27, of Gravesend, Kent, told MailOnline it was like ‘literally watching our little girl die before our eyes’ as he waited to hear if his liver would be a match. It thanfully was, and he made the donation to save his daughter in an operation that lasted seven hours on March 30. Lola-Rose has now made a full recovery and will be discharged from hospital this week. Meanwhile, health officials are urgently investigating the rise in hepatitis cases that has led to ten UK children receiving liver transplants. Since the start of the year, 111 have required hospital care for liver inflammation caused by the disease, with most of the patients aged under five. The leading theory is the cases are being fuelled by a common virus called adenovirus that usually causes mild stomach upsets and colds. It could be more severe among some children because of ‘susceptibility, for example due to lack of prior exposure during the pandemic’, according to a briefing from the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA). Of 53 cases tested, 40 showed signs of adenovirus infection. The UKHSA’s Dr Meera Chand said: ‘Information gathered through our investigations increasingly suggests this rise in sudden onset hepatitis in children is linked to adenovirus infection. ‘However, we are thoroughly investigating other potential causes.’ As of April 21, 169 cases of acute hepatitis of unknown origin have been reported in 11 countries including the UK, America and Spain, while one person has died. The cases involve children aged one month to 16 years old, and 17 have needed transplants. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.