How important is job flexibility to you? Well, new research suggests that for people from ethnic minority backgrounds, flexible working is more important – for a number of reasons. New research commissioned by Business in the Community, The Prince’s Responsible Business Network and Ipsos UK, found that one in three (32%) Black, Asian, mixed-race and other ethnically diverse people have left or considered leaving a job due to a lack of flexibility. This is compared with just one in five (21%) white people. The research, published as part of a gender equality campaign by BITC focuses on attitudes towards combining paid work with caring responsibilities in the UK. The research, which surveyed a representative sample of 5,444 people across the UK, also found that some groups were significantly more likely than others to have not applied for a job or promotion, or to have considered leaving or actually left a job, because of challenges combining paid work and care, including workers from ethnic minority backgrounds; those on lower incomes; and shift workers. There were also differences in how supported workers felt with childcare responsibilities based on household income. Only 50% workers in households with incomes under £26,0000 per year felt supported by employers with their childcare, compared with 75% of those from households earning £26,000 per year or more. The research, one of the largest of its kind in recent years, combined extensive quantitative research with focus groups to gain more detailed insight. From this work, BITC launched a ‘Who Cares?’ campaign, calling on employers and policymakers to transform the way they think about combining paid work and care, including adopting equal parental leave for birth and non-birth parents and mainstreaming flexible working. ‘This research tells us some groups are having a significantly harder time than others when it comes to combining paid work and care,’ says Charlotte Woodworth, gender equality director at Business in the Community. ‘Women with caring responsibilities and carers from Black, Asian, mixed-race and other ethnically diverse backgrounds are being pushed down or out of the workforce as a result. ‘Employers have the power to create working cultures that support all carers, regardless of race, gender or personal circumstances. Only then can we put up our hands and say that we have a truly inclusive workforce in the UK and employers must not stop reviewing, changing, and challenging their internal policies and practices until that happens.’ Sandra Kerr OBE, race director at Business in the Community, adds: ‘Supporting employees from all backgrounds who are juggling caring responsibilities alongside their careers needs to be a big focus for employers. ‘The divide between women and men is already too big, but when we look at how caring responsibilities impact Black, Asian, mixed-race and other ethnically diverse employees, it shows we have a long way to go towards true equality. ‘Businesses are doing great things already but what we need to see now is more targeted action and at a much bigger scale.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to remove and replace tiles MORE : The pressure of being a young activist drove me to burnout and depression MORE : What is the 15 minute sleep rule?