Want to live in a fairytale home without an extortionate price tag? Well, now you can. A stunning French chateau has hit the market for just £350,000. Cheaper than most London property prices, a two-bedroom flat in the city would cost you a considerable amount more. The chateau is located in the small village of Angoisse, south western France and this impressive property is perfect as a rural escape or a permanent home in the sun. Unlike city living, space will not be an issue. Inside the 2,906 square foot property there are six bedrooms, three bathrooms, a library, an open space dining and living area, kitchen and a large cellar. The estate also boasts an incredible 91,493 square feet in total. It holds a two-car garage and an endless garden with greenery as lush as you would expect from a home fit for a princess. In addition, for those who love cooking, there’s a stone bread oven on the premises too. The historic chateau was first built in the 17th century and is located close to the village’s shops, including a small supermarket, doctor’s surgery, butcher and baker, with nearby towns Excideuil and Hautefort less than 14 miles away. Throughout the property there are original wooden floors and ceiling mouldings, adding even more character to the home. The marble chimneys, French doors and bright open windows lend themselves to a calming countryside aesthetic. Despite being almost four centuries old, the home has been updated to meet modern standards of living, complete with double glazing and a new roof fitted. Despite these new additions, the chateau has managed to still keep its charm. The price recently dropped from £528,000 to a bargain £350,000, meaning it’s the right time to snap up a slice of storybook real estate. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum transforms kitchen in rented property into contemporary space for less than £100 MORE : Couple spend £5,000 transforming new build home – adding £25,000 to property value MORE : Little-known DIY jobs that need planning permission