A former P&O Ferries chef is suing the company for a whopping £76 million to get ‘justice’ for his colleagues. John Lansdown joined the company as a 16-year-old apprentice, working his way up to sous-chef. But after more than 20 years of ‘loyal and diligent service’, he became one of 800 crew members to lose their jobs without notice. In his tribunal claim, Mr Lansdown accuses P&O of treating him unfavourably as he is British and eligible for minimum wage. He is seeking financial compensation and exemplary damages, claiming unfair dismissal, racial discrimination and harassment. P&O has insisted its controversial job cuts were ‘categorically not based on race or the nationality of the staff involved’. According to the BBC, Mr Lansdown would use the unbelievable chunk of cash to ‘deter’ businesses from using ‘fire and rehire’ practices in the UK and outlaw them. Mr Lansdown said his action was about the ‘bigger picture’ and for ‘justice’ for all his former colleagues. ‘This is not just about me,’ he said. ‘799 of my seafaring family have lost their livelihoods, their way of life, their homes for half the year.’ At the time of the major announcement, he was working on the ship and had to leave his belongings behind. In his legal papers, seen by the BBC, Mr Lansdown claimed private security staff, carrying handcuffs and wearing balaclavas, were hired to remove crew members who refused to disembark. P&O responded: ‘No staff involved in the redundancies wore balaclavas nor were they directed to use handcuffs or force.’ A spokesperson said there was no harassment and workers were ‘professional, sympathetic and calm in a challenging situation’. It was later revealed the company plans to hire agency staff from overseas and pay them lower wages, a move P&O’s boss defended while admitting the process broke the law. Business secretary Kwasi Kwarteng confirmed the Insolvency Service has formally launched dual probes on April 1. In a statement on Twitter, Mr Kwarteng said: ‘Following my letter to the Insolvency Service last week, formal criminal and civil investigations into P&O Ferries have now commenced. ‘Transport secretary Grant Shapps and I will continue to follow this matter closely as the investigations progress.’ Metro.co.uk contacted P&O for a comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.