Simon Bird has teased there could be a third Inbetweeners movie despite the cast, including himself, constantly shutting it down. The 37-year-old played Will McKenzie in the E4 comedy series which aired from 2008 to 2010 before being followed by two films. Simon, along with Joe Thomas who played Simon Cooper, James Buckley as Jay Cartwright and Blake Harrison as Neil Sutherland, left viewers in hysterics as they navigated their schoolboy days and early adulthood. Despite the success of the TV series, Simon admitted he was reluctant to play an older version of Will for a small screen return. Speaking to The Guardian about whether there was a chance of a revival Inbetweeners series with the main four characters playing ’embarrassing parents’, he said: ‘It’s a hard no, I’m afraid. ‘It just wouldn’t be the show people want or remember.’ He added that it would be ‘much better to leave it as a happy memory.’ Despite denying a reboot, Simon did jokingly add: ‘Cut to us all doing a third film for Netflix next year,’ teasing: ‘Anything’s possible.’ He then counteracted himself saying: ‘Honestly, you can’t trust a single word I’ve said in this interview.’ So although we may be disappointed, Simon stands with James in not wanting that third film. Simon’s comments come after James recently admitted ‘there’s not enough money in the world’ to convince him to play Jay again. Asked if he would be interested in a return one day, he said: ‘I don’twant to go near it anymore.’ He added that it wasn’t because he wouldn’t have ‘an amazing time doing it,’ saying how much he loves his co-stars and the writers. ‘Doing The Inbetweeners was the best job in the world,’ he continued. ‘All we did was muck around all day long and they filmed us doing it, and at the end of the day, we might have had an episode, or a TV, you know, or a film or something. It was the best job in the world. ‘But it might – you know, as I’m getting older – it’s looking like it might be the only thing that I do professionally that is universally loved. There’s not enough money in the world for me to spoil that.’ The Inbetweeners is available to stream on All 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Emily Atack calls out ‘perverts’ after taxi photo leads to gross messages: ‘Trying to have a wholesome Sunday’ MORE : Celebrity Juice’s Emily Atack broke down in tears returning to film show with live audience: ‘It was emotional’ 