A woman was pulled alive from the rubble of a building amid Russian shelling in the east of Ukraine – but there are fears many more have not been as lucky. Rescue workers pulled the elderly Ukrainian out from beneath a pile of debris after a strike on the town of Rubizhne in the Luhansk region. At least one person was killed and five more were injured in the blast, the regional governor said. The assault on the Donbas is intensifying as Vladimir Putin looks to salvage his failed attempt to conquer Ukraine by annexing the region. Made up of Donetsk and Luhansk, the Donbas has closer ties to Russia than most of Ukraine and has been partly controlled by Moscow-backed insurgents since 2014. The Kremlin has tried to recast the main goal of the invasion as the ‘liberation’ of the area in recent weeks, a tacit admission that any prospect of taking over the country as a whole is not feasible in the immediate future. A separate attack in the east saw at least two people killed and five more wounded by Russian artillery fire at a humanitarian aid distribution point. Local officials have reported fighting across the east of Ukraine today and the merciless assault on the city of Mariupol has continued. Kremlin forces are attempting to shell it into submission as part of efforts to establish a land corridor between forces in the east and those stationed in Crimea, the southern peninsula occupied by Russia since 2014. The UK’s ministry of defence estimates that around 160,000 people are still trapped in Mariupol despite ongoing efforts to evacuate people amid unreliable ceasefire agreements. A spokesperson said ‘remaining residents have no light, communication, medicine, heat or water’ and that ‘Russian forces have prevented humanitarian access, likely to pressure defenders to surrender’. Nato believes that troops pulled back from Kyiv after the failure to capture the city will be patched up and sent to bolster the attack on the east. Secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg said ‘we are expecting a major offensive’ in the east and warned the war looks set to drag on. He continued: ‘We have seen no indication that President Putin has changed his ambition to control the whole of Ukraine and also to rewrite the international order so we need to be prepared for a long haul.’ The Institute for the Study of War said units chased out of the capital ‘will not likely regain combat effectiveness for some time’ and that it does not appear they are being redeployed yet. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.