You’re in the midst of a home renovation when it clicks: the floors just don’t go with the vibe you’re trying to create. It’s likely you’ll ponder getting in new tiles, wood, or laminate – but this can be a pricey solution. Have you considered reaching for the paint instead? We know it sounds a bit wild, but stay with us. Painting your floors (if they’re tile, wood, or stone, not carpet) can be a low-cost, easy, and creative way to transform your property, allowing you to give a room a totally different feel. Just think of the shabby chic of white-painted wood floorboards. Or consider the coolness of a painted-on pattern on your tiled floor – one that’s entirely your own, that no one else has. ‘Painted floors are great,’ Alison Winfield-Chislett, DIY expert at The Goodlife Centre, tells Metro.co.uk. ‘They aren’t a new idea as they have had several cycles of popularity dating from the 18th century when floorcloths were used for inexpensive decor and extra insulation. ‘During the austere days after WW2, ingenuity met scarcity and painted “rugs” were used to brighten a room when the real thing was too expensive and hard to find. ‘Nowadays, the reason we paint floors is as a way to express creativity and transform a room that may not have the budget for a replacement surface. ‘Sometimes, adding a new look to a garage or basement floor can be a practical solution and a spared expense.’ Sounds good to us. So, how do we do it? Alison tells us: ‘As in all things- the more time you spend preparing to paint, the better the result. ‘It’s often said that 75% of the effort will be spent before the payback moment of applying the paint. It’s rare to regret spending too much time on the preparation ‘Depending on the original surface, there are slightly different ways to go, but the overall purpose of all the time spent before painting is to clean any dirt and grease, remove any loose particles that will spoil the result and repair any imperfections that will catch the eye. An oily surface will not take up paint well , and grit and holes will be uncomfortable under foot. ‘Use the time during the primary clean to investigate the surface. Now is a good time to see if there is loose stonework, broken tiles or nails protruding from the floorboards. Fill small holes with a waterproof filler. Hammer nails below the surface. ‘If you are preparing wood, don’t soak the boards as they will take a long time to dry and raise the grain. Light sanding is more effective and will smooth down the surface as well.’ Next up, it’s time to use a primer coat. Try Wickes Trade Wood Primer in white to create a clean base for your handiwork. ‘You can use a brush to carefully paint the edges and a roller for paint or a clear sealer in the middle of the floor,’ suggests Alison. ‘Be nice to your back and invest in a long pole so you can stand up while applying.’ Applying the colour and decoration of your choice Alison’s advice for this step? ‘Go mad’. We wholeheartedly agree. Don’t limit yourself to what you think you should do – these are your floors, do whatever you fancy. Pick your paint (make sure it’s the correct one for wood, tile, or stone), consider grabbing some plastic stencils, tape off lines or shapes, or go abstract with your brushstrokes. Just make sure to paint the base colour first then give it plenty of time to dry before applying your contrast colour. You could also try creating a painted ‘rug’. ‘Paint the edge of a room with a wide border and leave a rectangle to form a ‘rug’,’ says Alison. ‘This is effective in halls where real rugs would slip.’ Genius. ‘Apply a final sealer to make the floor durable’ Alison advises. ‘This will enable your hard work to last longer as the paint won’t wear through so quickly. ‘Wait as long as you can before walking on it, it will continue to harden over a day or so. ‘Stand back and enjoy your new floor.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to put up DIY floating shelves MORE : An expert guide to painting your fridge – the latest TikTok DIY trend MORE : Mum creates quirky graffiti-inspired living room with spray paints for £300