Frank Langella has reportedly been fired from the Netflix limited series The Fall Of The House Of Usher after an investigation of sexual misconduct. The 84-year-old Oscar nominee had been cast as the lead role in Netflix’s eight-episode limited series based on the works of Edgar Allan Poe, but the role will now be recast. Langella was terminated from the show a day after the conclusion of an investigation into sexual misconduct, Deadline reports. The investigation determined that Langella had been involved in ‘unacceptable conduct on set’ according to the publication. A source told TMZ that among the alleged incidents, Langella is accused of telling a joke which had sexual overtones, and touching the leg of a female actress during a scripted performance and joking, ‘Did you like that?’ Police told the publication that no reports have been filed in connection to the actor and Netflix refused to comment on ‘active employment matters.’ Langella had been playing Roderick Usher, a man who fears his twin sister has been buried alive after she dies from an illness. The series had been mid-way through production and the scenes featuring Langella are set to be reshot. Other scenes not featuring Roderick Usher will continue to be shot until a new actor is cast in the role. The Fall Of The House Of Usher also stars Mark Hamill, Carla Gugino, Mary McDonnell and Carl Lumbly and was created and executive produced by horror filmmaker Mike Flanagan. Langella has been an actor since 1995 and received an Oscar nomination in 2009 for best performance by an actor in a leading role for playing President Richard Nixon in 2008’s Frost/Nixon. Metro.co.uk has reached out to representatives for Frank Langella for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cuba Gooding Jr pleads guilty to one count of forcible touching after 2019 arrest MORE : Director Jean-Marc Vallée’s cause of death revealed after death aged 58 