A Metropolitan Police constable has been disciplined after appearing on the Nigerian version of Big Brother without permission. PC Khafilat Kareem was handed a final written warning after an independent panel found she had committed gross misconduct. The hearing heard how she lodged a request for unpaid leave in June 2019 to star on the reality show, which was due to start just a few weeks later. Permission for the leave was granted, but she was told not to take part in the series due to concerns for her wellbeing and the Met’s public image. Deputy Assistant Commissioner Matt Twist previously told the hearing: ‘I was worried about her mental health, we have no ability to support or intervene in the Big Brother house. ‘We had no idea what security was in place around the Big Brother house and something awful could happen there or she could be targeted as a serving constable. ‘Over the years a number of people who come out of the Big Brother house are reported in the media to have suffered mental health issues. Knowing the UK version, this is something we wouldn’t want a serving officer appearing on.’ But PC Kareem insisted the Nigerian show was ‘not like the UK version’ and saw it as a chance to ‘promote the Met on an international basis’, lawyers for the Met said. She was said to have called Mr Twist on a weekend after flying to Lagos to tell him she still intended to take part in the show. PC Kareem, who now has 1.4 million Instagram followers, lasted 77 days before being evicted from the Big Brother Naija house in Lagos on its fourth-season run. In a promo interview accompanying the series, she said her biggest pet peeve was people who ‘try to control me or suppress me from expressing myself freely’. The officer was described as being 29 years of age at the time and was born in Ekiti State in the south-west of the country. She struck up a steamy romance with fellow contestant Gedoni Ekpata during the show, and they are now married and have a child together. PC Kareem was also found to have taken her work laptop without permission and surrendered it to the show’s producers. The panel found she had breached the standards of professional behaviour in relation to ‘orders and instructions’ and ‘discreditable conduct’. The breach of professional standards relating to the laptop was proven at the level of misconduct. After the findings, Detective Chief Superintendent Andy Day said: ‘Being a police officer means you must abide by the standards of professional behaviour. ‘PC Kareem’s behaviour clearly fell far short and she has been given a final written warning.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.