Kim Kardashian has been spotted cuddled up to her new boyfriend Pete Davidson at the 23rd annual Mark Twain Prize for American Humour. The event was held at The Kennedy Center on Sunday evening on April 24 in Washington, DC. Reality star Kim, 41, and former Saturday Night Live host Pete, 28, could be seen getting close as they enjoyed the annual event – the first major awards ceremony they had attended with one another. The pair opted for colour-coordinated outfits for the high-profile night out, as they both looked chic in black, with Kim sporting subtle sequins and a slicked-back ponytail as they sat together in the audience. While enjoying the night out, the pair also took time to applaud Jon Stewart as he accepted the Mark Twain Prize for lifetime achievement in humour. After learning he’d receive the award, the 59-year-old former host of The Daily Show shared a post to his Instagram account, in which he said that he was ‘truly honoured’. The national prize is named after the essayist Samuel Langhorne Clemens, who is known by his pen name Mark Twain. Controversial comedian Dave Chappelle was the most recent person to receive the prize when he was awarded it in 2019. Dave has since come under fire and was called transphobic after he stated ‘gender is fact’ in his programme The Closer. Pete and Kim’s latest outing marks yet another public event they’ve attended together just two weeks after arriving at the premiere of their family’s new series The Kardashians, holding hands. The couple’s relationship appears to have gone from strength to strength in recent months since Kim first confirmed that they were dating, and went Instagram official in March. They began dating in late October after they got to know one another during the Keeping Up With the Kardashians star’s first-ever Saturday Night Live gig that month. Kim has since confirmed her relationship with the King of Staten Island star and has since introduced Pete to the four children she shares with her ex-husband Kanye West. It has also been revealed that Kim cut a Kanye divorce joke from her SNL appearance in order to avoid ‘hurting his feelings’. Speaking in the latest episode of her new Disney+ series The Kardashians, Kim shared one joke that didn’t make the final cut as she read out parts of the script. The gag involved Chris Redd impersonating Kanye and asking Kim, who was at the time studying for the bar, to be his lawyer in their divorce proceedings. ‘Ok fine you can divorce me, but I need a lawyer, will you be my lawyer fam?’ the line went. Kim would have responded by saying: ‘No Kanye!’, prompting him to retort: ‘Fine and you’re not getting a penny, I have the prenup right here.’ Addressing the axed joke, Kim said: ‘I am always afraid of hurting people’s feelings. ‘I would never go in there making fun of anyone, especially the father of my kids. Just because we didn’t work out doesn’t mean we don’t have a great love and respect for each other.’ ‘The divorce is so sensitive for him and I’m already saying some in the monologue so I don’t want to make it bad,’ she continued. MORE : TikTok star Christina ‘Tinx’ Najjar ‘beyond embarrassed’ as she apologises for scathing past tweets: ‘Only insecure people punch down’ MORE : ‘I did the best I could’: Illustrator behind Kardashian courtroom sketches defends her art after ruthless roasting 