Grease actor Eddie Deezen has been arrested and charged with fourth-degree burglary after forcing himself into a nursing home. The 65-year-old had a starring role in the beloved musical in 1978, playing nerdy Eugene Felsnic alongside John Travolta, Olivia Newton-John and Stockard Channing. He pushed his way into a private facility in Maryland on April 8, and was told to leave by staff, a Maryland State Police spokesperson told Metro.co.uk. Officers have said that he refused to exit, and tried to force his way into one of the rooms – before officers showed up. TMZ reports that police have said Deezen was in the nursing home earlier in the day and was told to leave – before he came back later that day. An alleged victim reportedly told officers that he had been to her home ‘several times’ before, and has left things behind with ‘notes’. It has not been made clear exactly what he is thought to have left in her home, or what the notes say. He was charged with fourth-degree burglary, as well as two counts of trespassing and one count of disturbing the peace. Deezen came to fame in Grease and Grease 2 sequel, and also appeared in Midnight Madness, I Wanna Hold Your Hand, Mob Boss, Beverly Hills Vamp, and Teenage Exorcist. The reports come after he was arrested last December after an incident at a Maryland restaurant. He was later charged with second-degree assault, disorderly conduct and trespassing after being apprehended by police while shirtless. Police were called after he ‘caused a scene’ at the premises, when he allegedly ‘threw plates’ officers as they attempted to remove him. As he was forcibly removed, it was claimed that he threw numerous items at them, including plates, bowls and food – with a deputy being struck. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : First Dates star Merlin Griffiths shares cancer update from hospital bed ahead of surgery MORE : EastEnders star Tanya Franks has had moving contact from women relating to Rainie’s desire to be a mum 