Piers Morgan has unsurprisingly pulled out all the stops for his new TalkTV programme, with the studio boasting state-of-the-art technology. The former Good Morning Britain presenter is preparing to cut the ribbon on his new talk series, Piers Morgan Uncensored, which will air weeknights on the brand new channel starting from April 25. A fresh glimpse into his new HQ reveals the snazzy set designed by TalkTV executive director Erron Gordon and Emmy award-winning designer Jim Fenhagen. The space boasts a 360-degree design to allow shooting from every angle – so all those inevitable viral moments can be captured entirely – as well as an LED archway that has never been seen on a British TV news programme. Gordon said: ‘I began with an absolutely blank canvas in terms of the studio space – with the simple vision to create something as unique as the show itself. ‘Knowing Piers Morgan Uncensored will be broadcast across three continents, we have created a truly state-of-the-art environment containing unique design elements not yet seen in British TV news.’ He added: ‘Using the LED screens and lighting, the studio environment can be turned from the Piers Morgan Uncensored look into any other environment; we will utilise this working with Piers to create special event programming. The space is uniquely flexible.’ Scott Fleary has taken charge of set construction after working on some of the most recognisable sets, including Britain’s Got Talent, The Voice and The Masked Singer. It comes after Piers, 57, warned that cancel culture has become as dangerous as Covid as he prepares to rise against the so-called ‘woke mob’ with his new series. ‘You shouldn’t be shamed or vilified or cancelled for having an opinion, unless you genuinely are spewing hateful bigoted stuff,’ Piers told Metro.co.uk recently. ‘I don’t intend to do that; I’ve never done that before in my broadcasting time. I want to be a broad church to any kind of view.’ The broadcaster also stressed he wants his new show to ‘re-platform those who have been de-platformed’. Piers Morgan Uncensored, launches on TalkTV on April 25 at 8pm, giving him a platform to share his views without a filter. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan wants to ‘identify as a d***head’ during gender debate with Bill Maher: ‘In other words, it’s all bulls**t.’ MORE : Piers Morgan and Usain Bolt lead tributes for Cristiano Ronaldo’s newborn baby boy who has died 