The primate zookeepers at Chessington World of Adventures have announced the arrival of a baby Western lowland gorilla. Currently without a name, the adorable new arrival was born in the early hours of Sunday April 24, and is being closely monitored by the team. The baby is staying close to their mother and slowly being introduced to the rest of the troop. Born to mother, Shanga, and father, Damisi, the baby primate will be joining the current eight strong troop of Western lowland gorillas at Chessington’s Zoo. In pictures taken three days after the birth, the baby can be seen holding onto their mother tightly while surveying their new surroundings. As is typical within the species, over the coming weeks the baby will be passed around between different members of the troop. Doing this allows each gorilla to familiarise themselves with the new baby. Following on from this introduction, they will ride on their mother’s back from the age of four months through to the first two or three years of their lives. Adam Douglass, Primate Zookeeper at Chessington World of Adventures Resort, said of the arrival: ‘It’s hugely exciting for the entire Zoo team as we welcome our newest arrival to Chessington. ‘As this is early days and a sensitive time for the mother and baby to bond, we’re monitoring their wellbeing and development extremely closely, with both currently doing well. ‘We’re still waiting to find out the sex of the little one, and over the coming days we’re looking forward to introducing our guests to the newest arrival of this incredible and critically endangered species.’ The Western lowland gorilla is found in several countries across Central Africa, with the subspecies currently listed as ‘critically endangered’ by International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). Threats to its population in the wild include the loss of habitat through modification and agriculture, and being illegally hunted by humans for bushmeat. In 2011, Chessington World of Adventures launched the Chessington Conservation Fund (CCF) to raise money to help protect the future of nature and wildlife through conservation work and education in their zoo, in the local community and worldwide. Since the Fund was formed it has supported many charitable organisations, including the Limbe Wildlife Centre which rehabilitates rescued Western Lowland gorillas in Cameroon. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Flat-faced dogs could have up to three times shorter life expectancies than other breeds MORE : Siamese cat found in a garage in Essex ‘hitchhiked’ 290 miles from Wales MORE : Elderly cat with fur so matted he ‘looked like a dinosaur’ is searching for new forever home