Three Rottweiler dogs have been put down after they were seized when a toddler was mauled to death. The boy, two, was savaged at his home in Egdon, Worcestershire, by one of the dogs on March 28. He suffered a cardiac arrest and his family rushed him to hospital, but he died from his injuries two days later. The dogs – which a neighbour had dubbed ‘the beasts’ – were previously being securely housed by West Mercia Police while investigations were ongoing. Today it emerged the animals had now been put down, although no arrests have been made and the force said enquiries are continuing. The boy has not been named and the family said through police that they would not be making a statement. After the attack, they stopped at Worcester Countryside Centre on the advice of the ambulance service before being transported by paramedics to Worcestershire Royal Hospital. The boy was then transferred to Birmingham Children’s Hospital in a critical condition where he later died from his injuries on March 30. A police spokesperson said: ‘I can confirm that the three dogs which were seized as part of the investigation into the dog attack in Egdon have now been put to sleep. ‘Other than that there are no updates at the moment. There have been no arrests and the investigation is ongoing.’ Superintendent Rebecca Love, local policing commander for South Worcestershire, previously confirmed the boy’s death at a media briefing. She said: ‘Officers responded to a report of a two-year-old child in cardiac arrest at approximately 11.20am on Monday 28 March. ‘It was quickly established the child had suffered injuries as a result of being bitten by a dog at the address in Worcestershire. ‘The child was transferred from Worcestershire Royal Hospital to Birmingham Children’s Hospital, and despite medical treatment, he has died as a result of his injuries. ‘This is a truly tragic incident and our thoughts are with the family at this very difficult time.’ A West Mercia Police spokesperson said previously: ‘At this time we cannot confirm how many dogs were involved in the incident but three Rottweiler dogs have been removed from the property. ‘They are being looked after and securely housed. ‘The child’s family will not be releasing a statement or tribute at this time and request that their privacy is respected at this extremely difficult time.’ One local said previously: ‘I’ve seen the owners of the white cottage before, they have rottweilers. ‘You can hear them barking from the fields. I used to see them walking the dogs, one time they got out onto the main road. ‘It’s all secluded so you don’t really see anyone, everyone is kind of hidden away. ‘I walk my dog here a lot because of the route and you can hear the dogs barking, lots of barks.’ Another resident added: ‘Everyone keeps themselves pretty private around here and no one asks many questions. ‘I think people are a bit intimidated by the family with those dogs. We call them “the beasts” because they are always making such a racket. ‘My wife refuses to walk our dog anywhere near there in case they get out. ‘Everyone is so sad for the little lad who died. It’s an absolute tragedy.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.