Emeli Sandé says she can finally be herself after she went public with her same-sex relationship. The singer, 35, revealed last month that she is in love with a woman and feels ‘happier than ever’. Emeli told Metro.co.uk that she fell for classical pianist Yoana Karemova when she was learning about classical music and called her ‘the one for life’. ‘We met through music,’ said Emeli, whose new album, Let’s Say For Instance, is out in May. ‘And I definitely feel happier than ever. It feels great.’ Now Emeli has spoken about the freedom she feels since going public with her new romance, saying it is ‘the first time I truly feel like myself’. Speaking at the National Student Pride event at the University of Westminster on Saturday, Emeli spoke proudly about falling in love with Yoana, and said it ‘just felt natural’. ‘It felt like, “wow this is the first time I’m not thinking about it, I’m not thinking about anybody else”,’ she said, according to the Mail Online. ‘This is the first time I truly feel like myself, accepted for myself, it’s the first time I felt seen by somebody on a very deep level.’ She added: ‘I wish I would have maybe done this sooner, because it does feel really good.’ Speaking about the interview with Metro where she first revealed her same-sex relationship, Emeli admitted she hadn’t planned on publicly announcing it but the topic came up as Yoana was sitting beside her. However she is avoiding labeling her sexuality, saying instead that she ‘can fall in love with anybody at any time, and right now I’m in love with Yoana and that’s it for life.’ Emeli told Attitude editor Cliff Joannou at the event that she has felt attraction to both men and women since childhood, but ‘being out and being proud’ is new to her. Asked about ex-husband Adam Gouraguine, Emeli said they were not in contact but she is ‘really happy for him and I hope he is happy for me as well.’ Emeli got engaged to longtime partner Adam in 2012 before tying the knot in September of the same year. They announced their split in 2014. The Clown singer introduced fans to her new partner Yoana this week with a sweet post on social media, featuring a photograph of the couple cuddled up together. She wrote: ‘‘I’m so lucky to have found my soul mate Yoana, she’s such an extraordinary woman! Falling in love with her has given me the strength I needed.’ Emeli added that it ‘feels so good to be in love’ and she is ‘happier than ever.’ ‘I’m deeply touched by all your messages of love and support,’ she wrote. ‘Thank you so much for your acceptance and kind wishes.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Emeli Sandé celebrates ‘new beginning’ as she reveals partner after coming out: ‘I’ve struggled for a long time to accept myself as I am’ MORE : Emeli Sandé comes out and reveals she’s in love with a woman: ‘She’s the one for life’ 