Today is a good time to strengthen bonds. Use your natural charm to your advantage. Cancer, you should pay particular attention to your nearest and dearest today as Pluto reverses into your sign. New friendships are blossoming, Sagittarius. Aquarius, it’s time to get your flirt on. The results could be electric… Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for today, April 29, 2022. Read on for your star sign’s forecast. March 21 to April 20 As intense Pluto rewinds in Capricorn, it can be a call to take stock of all that you’re hoping to accomplish and to question if you’re on the right track. Your heart may well follow wherever your head leads. If you have a lot of ideas, the weeks ahead could help you gain a useful overview. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 As Mercury moves into Gemini and your financial zone, you may have an eye for a bargain. You’ll also be at your savviest money-wise and be able to get the best deals. Ready to change beliefs that have held you back? Potent Pluto will rewind and will assist in this process. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You love sampling information and meeting new people. And once Mercury enters your sign from today, this tendency can be enhanced. It could be difficult to keep your focus if you become absorbed in too many discoveries. This won’t stop you, though, as you’ll be at your wittiest. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Focus on a spiritual sector may inspire you to learn techniques such as mindfulness or meditation, or to spend more time quietly reflecting. Ready to enhance your relationships at all levels? As Pluto reverses, it’s time to look at the part you play in your closest bonds. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Your social connections look livelier now and could be the reason you feel like exploring new possibilities. As the planet of talk and thought enters Gemini, you will be eager to liaise with new friends and old. There could be a call to review your diet and self-care routine. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 As Mercury moves into Gemini you may become much busier and keen to make connections. This is a good time to devise a strategy that could assist you in working smarter rather than harder. You’ll make new friends and they will be invaluable for the support they offer you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 A key aspect could see you defending your beliefs quite vigorously. You can feel very strongly about something, to the point where you might even come across as unreasonable. But in a few days you will likely feel less concerned and may even wonder why this bothered you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 You may become more aware of any issues that are linked to deep emotions. Pluto going into reverse encourages you to talk over difficult matters rather than keep them to yourself. What’s your most pressing issue? Consider giving it an airing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Relationships get a boost as messenger Mercury moves into Gemini. Interactions may be more plentiful and you’ll enjoy meeting new people for friendship or business. Solo? This influence could enhance your natural wit and charm, and you might find that others are drawn to you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You may feel more restless than usual and if this interferes with getting things done, exercise can be the answer. A walk in nature or a workout could help you release excess energy and leave you feeling at ease. Channelling your creativity into projects and hobbies might also be very satisfying. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Your leisure zone sparkles with energy as eloquent Mercury moves into Gemini, inspiring you to try your hand at new hobbies. You could be in quite a flirtatious mood and may find you are attracted to those who are snappy conversationalists or have interesting opinions. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Your home will soon become a hive of activity as the planet of talk and thought moves in. As a result, you may be keen to clear out old papers or letters. You could have more visitors, including some you might not have seen in a while. Thinking of doing a course? Now is the time. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness