Vladimir Putin has ditched peace talks with Ukraine so he can seize as much territory as he can before the war ends, Kremlin sources say. He feels negotiations have reached a ‘dead end’ and won’t sign anything after the sinking of the Moskva warship left him humiliated, according to the three Moscow insiders. One told the Financial Times: ‘There was hope for a deal. Putin was going back and forth. He needs to find a way to come out of this a winner.’ Another added: ‘Putin sincerely believes in the nonsense he hears on [Russian] television and he wants to win big.’ A senior member of the Ukrainian delegation, Rustem Umirov, said: ‘We continue the negotiation process. Primarily — to save more lives of our people. ‘We will use all the political and diplomatic efforts to stop this bloodshed. But there are red lines we will never cross. Ukraine will never give up its people and its territories.’ UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres is meeting Putin and foreign minister Sergei Lavrov in Moscow today in the highest profile peacekeeping mission since the war began. He said conditions for a ceasefire in Ukraine should be created as soon as possible. But Western countries have said they have little hope of a breakthrough, and clearly figures within the Kremlin feel the same. Yesterday Ukraine’s foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba urged the UN chief to press Russia for an evacuation of the besieged port city of Mariupol. He said he was concerned that by visiting Moscow before moving onto Kyiv, Guterres could be lured into a cunning ‘trap’ set by the Kremlin. Kuleba said Guterres should focus primarily on one issue – the evacuation of Mariupol. An estimated 100,000 people are trapped inside the southern port city, with scarce supplies of food, water or heat after being subjected for months to a brutal medieval style siege. Today a third mass grave filed with civilians’ bodies was found in the area surrounding Mariupol, according to Ukrainian authorities. Meanwhile an estimated 1,000 civilians and 2,000 fighters are holed up in the Azovstal steel plant. With a labyrinth of tunnels underneath it – the site has become the last remaining stronghold of soldiers who have refused to surrender to Russia. Last week Putin declared ‘victory’ over Mariupol and told his troops to block it ‘so that not even a fly comes through’, leaving those still inside facing starvation. But Russian top brass appeared to have a change of heart by the weekend, as troops tried once again to storm the steelworks. Capturing Mariupol is seen as strategically vital as it will help connect the eastern separatist-held Donbas region with Crimea – which Russia annexed in 2014. Kyiv has denied reaching an agreement with Moscow to evacuate civilians from the steel plant, and has pushed the UN to be the ‘initiator and guarantor’ of any such deal. Yesterday Russia’s defence ministry said it would open a humanitarian corridor to let civilians leave. But Ukrainian Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk wrote on the Telegram messaging app: ‘This could be believed if the Russians had not destroyed humanitarian corridors many times before.’ Previous ceasefire attempts in Mariupol earlier in the war collapsed in a matter of hours, as Russian troops were accused of resuming their bombardments as civilians fled for their lives. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.