The moment Alec Baldwin was told that Halyna Hutchins had died after he accidentally shot her has been revealed in police footage. The 30 Rock actor discharged a prop gun on set of western movie Rust in Santa Fe, New Mexico last October, accidentally shooting cinematographer Hutchins and director Joel Souza. Hutchins died from her injuries at the age of 42 while Souza recovered after receiving hospital treatment. Santa Fe County Sheriff’s office has now released all files relating to its ongoing investigation into the fatal shooting of Hutchins, including video footage of the moment Baldwin learned she had died. The short clip shows the 64-year-old actor sitting at a table with two police investigators when one says: ‘I have some unfortunate news,’ to which Baldwin immediately replies: ‘What?’ and looks up from his phone. ‘She didn’t make it,’ the officer said. Baldwin immediately froze in shock and covered his mouth with his hand before shooting back in his seat exclaiming: ‘No!’ He then touched his chest and clasped his head before asking if he could be excused to call his wife Hilaria. It is then that Baldwin was famously pictured talking on the phone and crying outside the police station. Days after the shooting, the actor reportedly urged the police to explore claims that a box of dummy bullets went missing from the set and then reappeared a while later with live rounds in it. ‘The point is, I have always maintained that this is an accident of negligence,’ Baldwin reportedly told Detective Alexandra Hancock in a phone call. Also released in the police files was a video of Baldwin talking to officials in an interview after the shooting, explaining that, as a rehearsal, he expected ‘a cold gun with no rounds inside, or dummy rounds – cosmetic rounds – no flash’. He recalls: ‘I take the gun out slowly, I turn, I cock the pistol – bang – it goes off, she hits the ground, she goes down. He goes down, screaming.’ Other footage shows officers arriving on the set of the film to conduct interviews with production crew members, and Baldwin is glimpsed outside the church building as he tells the officer ‘I’m the person that had the gun in the scene’, before being asked to move to one side and reassured that they will ‘talk to everybody in a sec’. Video was also shared of paramedics tending to both Souza and Hutchins on set as they tried to save the life of the cinematographer. Santa Fe County Sheriff Adan Mendoza said various components of the investigation ‘remain outstanding’ including FBI firearm and ballistic forensics as well as analysis of Baldwin’s phone data. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Santa Fe Sheriff reveals ‘concerning’ texts found during Rust movie investigation as he says ‘nobody’s off the hook’ for criminal charges MORE : Rust armourer Hannah Gutierrez Reed tells police she’s a ‘f***ing failure’ in interview after shooting of Halyna Hutchins 