It all began so well. When Frank Lampard began his Everton reign a little more than two months ago with a crushing 4-1 FA Cup win over Brentford, Toffees fans dared to dream of a bright new era. After the miserable end of the hugely unpopular Rafa Benitez’s time in charge, Lampard was feeling the love and overwhelmed by the reception. ‘The reaction they had to myself was something I was just amazed by in a really good way,’ he said. How quickly things change. Should a team that has taken just six points on the road all season lose at West Ham tomorrow and Burnley next Wednesday, their 68-year stay in the top division will be in real jeopardy. And even staving off that threat may not be enough to save Lampard, who accused his team of ‘lacking the b******* to play’ after their last game. How has it come to this? Everton’s problems go back beyond Lampard’s time in charge, before even the much-maligned Benitez. Owner Farhad Moshiri’s six-year reign has seen him invest a reported £600million in the club. But what do Everton have to show for it? There has been no tangible sign of a strategy as a succession of big-name managers and expensive players have gone through the revolving doors. Farhad has hired and fired Ronald Koeman, Sam Allardyce and Marco Silva and seen Carlo Ancelotti leave for Real Madrid last summer — reportedly for less money than Everton offered to keep him. On the field millions have been spent on the likes of James Rodriguez, Moise Kean, Andre Gomes and Fabian Delph with little success. Meanwhile, Moshiri’s tie with Alisher Usmanov saw the club lose millions in sponsorship revenue when the Russian billionaire became the target of government sanctions last month. If supporters were disappointed to lose Ancelotti, it was nothing compared to their annoyance at the appointment of Benitez to replace him. A man who had sneered at those in blue during his time at Liverpool was a poor fit even before you take into account the way Evertonians expect their side to play. It’s hard to find anyone with a good word to say about the Spaniard even if he blamed a crippling injury list for his departure after six months in charge. But however much it sticks in his critics’ throats, if Everton are to stay up those 14 points collected from Benitez’s first seven games in charge — when the likes of Demarai Gray and Andros Townsend looked inspired signings — will have done more than anything. In the 20 matches since, Everton have been the worst team in the Premier League with 11 points compared to relegation rivals Watford (12), Norwich (15) and Burnley (18). You may have thought Lampard’s first concern would be to find a replacement for Lucas Digne, frozen out by Benitez and allowed to leave for Aston Villa. Instead on his first day in the job — transfer deadline day — Lampard signed Dele Alli and Donny Van De Beek, who had become bench-warmers for Tottenham and Manchester United respectively. In the 5-0 defeat at Spurs, two assists came from Dejan Kulusevski who had been strongly linked with Goodison Park in January. The Alli signing sums up Everton’s lack of strategy perfectly. For a player who could potentially cost £40m to have made just six substitute appearances suggests this was not the man for a relegation dogfight — or to participate in the aggressive pressing Lampard prefers. Evertonians may not appreciate Jamie Carragher voicing his opinions from across the Merseyside divide but his comments in the wake of their mauling at Spurs must have struck a chord. ‘When you talk about a team, and you talk about they’re too good to go down, it’s because we look at Everton’s strikers — Richarlison, [Dominic] Calvert-Lewin,’ he said. ‘But this back four is a Championship back four.’ Goalkeeper Jordan Pickford has not escaped criticism either but it might matter less if those forwards were firing. Richarlison has just five goals all season, Gray has not netted since Lampard’s arrival, while four months out with a thigh injury have taken their toll on Calvert-Lewin, whose last goal came in August. However, his £2m capture from Sheffield United in 2016 surely represents the best business of Moshiri’s stewardship. If suggestions Everton are ready to sell their prize asset are true, that may represent the worst. Chairman Bill Kenwright revealed Lampard ‘expressed a clear vision on how he wants to take the club forward’ during the interview process. It is understandable Lampard has tried to change the style that made Benitez so unpopular but playing with a high press and high energy and more possession feels like a lot of modern football parlance without offering any sort of identity. There have been signs of encouragement when playing at Goodison Park, although a 3-0 win over a dreadful Leeds side did not prove to be the new awakening fans had hoped for. But results on the road have been disastrous — 1-3, 0-2, 0-5 and the 0-4 FA Cup quarter-final defeat at Crystal Palace in the final game before the international break. Lampard’s old Chelsea left-back Marcos Alonso says the Blues had ‘taken a leap tactically’ since replacing him with Thomas Tuchel. That came after Lampard insisted tactics had not played a part in the Selhurst Park humiliation and could hardly have distanced himself further from what took place by pointing the finger firmly at the players. ‘It’s a challenge because it’s been there quite a long time before I got here,’ said Lampard, who sounded almost overwhelmed by the size of the challenge. ‘I don’t have a magic wand to get inside people’s heads and change the resilience across a whole squad.’ Or can they? They visit former boss David Moyes this weekend before a midweek six-pointer at survival experts Burnley with a staggeringly bad away record that has only got worse under Lampard. The former England midfielder’s managerial reputation for now will depend on whether he can keep Everton up and at least they have a three-point buffer on third-bottom Watford. But there are suggestions they could exercise a break clause in Lampard’s two-and-a-half-year contract at the end of the season if they survive unimpressively and revolve that door once more. The worst-case scenario hardly bears thinking about for a club who have reported a loss of more than £110m for a third straight season, with reports a squad boasting some players on six-figure weekly salaries don’t have relegation clauses in every contract. Everton may not have been relegated since 1951 but that longevity is no guarantee that a side which has demonstrated it clearly isn’t too good to go down over the past 20 games would be good enough to get promoted again any time soon. MORE : Jamie Carragher labels Everton ‘the worst run club in the country’ MORE : Everton set to sell Arsenal target Dominic Calvert-Lewin or Man Utd-linked Richarlison this summer For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 