The missile which killed at least 50 civilians at a Ukrainian train station eerily had ‘for our children’ written in Russian on the weapon. Yet another horror has come from the war in Ukraine as refugees trying to leave separatist Donetsk Oblast from the Kramatorsk railway station were shelled by a missile. Disturbing photos and footage show dozens of bodies lying on the floor and blood-soaked toys. Armed Forces of Ukraine (AFU) posted a photo of the rocket wreckage, showing Russian letters painted in white on the side. The message translates to: ‘For our children’. Ironically, at least five children were killed in the blast. Moscow has denied responsibility, accusing Ukraine of launching the attack and arguing the Tochka-U rocket is an ‘obsolete Soviet missile system’ no longer used by Russia. The EU and the UK have dismissed this claim, saying that both Ukraine and Russia still use the missiles. Russia’s versions are reportedly green – the colour of the rocket which fell on Kramatorsk – and Ukraine’s are reportedly grey. At the time of the attack, some 4,000 people were believed to be at the station waiting for a train to take them out of the region. Most of them were mums, children and the elderly. Ukraine’s president Volodymyr Zelensky said there were no Ukrainian soldiers at the station at the time. He posted on Instagram: ‘[Russian forces] are cynically destroying the civilian population. This is an evil that has no limits. And if it is not punished, it will never stop.’ Russia has been suspended from the UN Human Rights Council for its alleged war crimes in Ukraine. Kremlin soldiers are accused of massacring hundreds of civilians, with scenes ‘akin to a horror movie’. It comes as Moscow finally admitted to a ‘significant’ loss of troops in its ‘special military operation’ – as Russian media has to call it. NATO estimates between 7,000 to 15,000 Russian soldiers died in the first six weeks of the war, while Ukraine puts the toll at 18,600. The last toll announced by the Kremlin was 1,351 on March 25, and as of Wednesday, official Russian sources had published the names of 1,083 dead servicemen. Putin’s press secretary Dmitry Sergeyevich Peskov said the ‘huge tragedy’ of Russian deaths was worthwhile since Ukraine has become an ‘anti-Russian centre’ in the wake of Putin’s annexation of Crimea eight years ago. Speaking to Sky News, he hinted for the first time that the Kremlin is eager to end the conflict soon, adding: ‘Our military are doing their best to bring an end to that operation. ‘And we do hope that in coming days, in the foreseeable future, this operation will reach its goals or will finish it by the negotiations between Russian and Ukrainian delegation.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.