Sharon Osbourne has been forced to fly home after her husband Ozzy Osbourne tested positive Covid – four days after her TalkTV show launched. Ozzy has been public about his ongoing health issues over recent years, as he continues to battle Parkinson’s, which he revealed in January 2020. The 73-year-old has been plagued with neck and spine issues after taking a tumble in 2019, which has kept him off stage ever since – but has now caught Covid. Sharing the news, Sharon, 69, said: ‘Ozzy was only diagnosed in the middle of the night our time. I spoke to him and he’s OK. I am very worried about Ozzy right now. ‘We’ve gone two years without him catching Covid and it’s just Ozzy’s luck it would be now.’ Talking about returning to Talk TV Sharon said: ‘I can’t believe my luck. I’m missing the show and I’ve only been there three days. I can’t believe it. Three days and I’m missing the show but I will be back. I know I will. ‘It will take me a week to get my old man back on his feet again and I will be back.’ Asked how her family are doing, Sharon said: ‘Unfortunately, it was diagnosed in the middle of the night and they were all sleeping, so I haven’t spoken to them yet, but they’ll rally round, they’ll be with him.’ Sharon has promised to return as soon as next week, and may appear via video-link in the meantime. ‘I know my husband, we’re going to get him back on his feet and we’re going to get a negative test by next week.’ Friend and TalkTV co-star quickly offered his well wishes to Ozzy, sharing: ‘Very worrying time for Sharon and Ozzy, who has suffered a lot of serious health issues in past 2yrs. ‘Wishing him a full speedy recovery, and sending them both love and support from the whole @TalkTV family. It comes after she appeared on Piers’ new TalkTV show Uncensored on Wednesday, with the host keen to know how Ozzy was doing. He’s also suffered a staph infection in his thumb, been hospitalised with flu and suffered a fall in his LA home while in recovery, but the news from Sharon was good on Wednesday as she confirmed he has just one more surgery to go. Sharon told Piers: ‘He’s doing okay, he sends you his love. He’s got one more operation left to do and then he’s dying to come back home,’ suggesting plans to move back to the UK. Former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers then told Sharon to ‘send him my very best’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Steve Coogan admits hilariously inept TV presenter Alan Partridge is a mix of Piers Morgan and Richard Madeley MORE : Piers Morgan’s TalkTV ratings plummet again while Sharon Osbourne’s show drops to just 10,000 