Spring is here and you know what that means – new, exciting things lie ahead… especially in your love life. These next few weeks deliver a tripple whammy of cosmic influences to make your life in the reams of sex, dating, and relationships magical. It’s spring (new life and fertility), it’s Aries season (hot blood and racing passions), and it’s soon to be Taurus season (romance and intimacy). But how can you make the most of this astrological energy? Ahead, you’ll find a tarot card drawn for each star sign, along with a guide for what this means for you in terms of romance. So, what and who is on the cards for your love life this season? March 21 to April 20 Love tarot card for Aries for spring: Six of Wands Meaning: Your love life gets the seal of cosmic approval this Spring with the victorious Six of Wands. You can’t go wrong, my friend, so propose, ask them out, take things up a notch, declare your feelings, say hi. Whatever it is, for whomever you’re drawn to, make sure you take the leap and be confident. Other Fire signs look good for you right now: Leo, Aries, Sagittarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Love tarot card for Taurus for spring: King of Cups Meaning: You’re feeling all the feelings! The King of Cups is a romantic, passionate lover and that is what you’re bringing to the table this season. If you’re single, look for charismatic Water signs (Cancer, Pisces, Scorpio) and, if you’re attached, shower your partner with compliments, love, surprises, and treats. It will all be more than reciprocated. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Love tarot card for Gemini for spring: Page of Swords Meaning: Push aside your doubts and (self-sabotaging) hot/cold behaviour, and go with your gut. You are always second-guessing yourself and your love life is no different. It can cost you good relationships. Don’t make this mistake. If you’re single, make your move before you lose your nerve. Other Air signs (Gemini, Libra and Aquarius) look good for you this spring. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Love tarot card for Cancer for spring: The Hermit Meaning: Cancer, put that blanket and cuppa’ down and get dressed! Get out there! Open the windows and doors and stop being a hermit. I know you love your home… but romance doesn’t live there. A nice, steady, loyal Virgo would suit you this Spring, but you’ve got to go out and find them. If you’re attached, shake up the routine and go out out together. New scene = new attraction levels. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Love tarot card for Leo for spring: Nine of Cups Meaning: The higher you aim, the better the outcome this spring, Leo, when it comes to love and affairs of the heart. The Nine of Cups urges you to take your fantasies and dreams seriously and set about manifesting them IRL. This is THE time to propose, ask them out, take things up a level, share your true feelings, make the introduction you’ve always longed to. Why shouldn’t get your heart’s desire? Now’s the time… Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Love tarot card for Virgo for spring: Four of Wands Meaning: You need a partner who’s on the same page as you in terms of ambitions, practicalities, and life stage. You want someone you can align with, join forces with, and become something bigger and more powerful together than either could be solo. The Four of Wands asks you to analyse your current relationship for goals compatibility, and, if it’s lacking, then work on it. If you’re single, look for people in and around work or education, who seem to be on the same trajectory. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Love tarot card for Libra for spring: Ace of Swords Meaning: Be honest, Libra. Sometimes you are so tactful, diplomatic, and charming that you can lose sight of whatever it is you’re trying to express. You dress things up so well that others miss the message underneath. The Ace of Swords asks you to be more direct, open and to-the-point this spring. It’s lovely of you to try to spare everyone’s feelings, but you can tone it down a bit. They’re not as helpless as you think! They can take the truth – give it to them. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Love tarot card for Scorpio for spring: Two of Cups Meaning: You are ready for everything! The Two of Cups shows that this is going to be your season in terms of feeling like you’re exactly where you’re meant to be, with the person who you need and want in your life for a happy-ever-after. If you’re single, look for other Water signs (Scorpio, Cancer, Pisces). If you’re attached, then shower your partner with love. It will be returned in abundance – you’re good together. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Love tarot card for Sagittarius for spring: Four of Cups Meaning: Don’t take them for granted, don’t overlook them, don’t ignore the good in favour of the bad or the lack. Focus on the positives and your relationship world will open up and bloom this Spring, because there’s abundance already there! If you’re single then a shy Water sign has a crush on you (Scorpio, Cancer or Pisces), give them a big smile. If you’re attached, make a conscious effort to compliment your partner, they’ve been craving your attention. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Love tarot card for Capricorn for spring: Three of Swords Meaning: Don’t let anything toxic, unfair, or painful drag on any longer, in any of your relationships. So often, a squall or wounding in one connection can bleed over and poison others. The Three of Swords nudges you to surgically remove the dead wood, rot, and dead weight. Clean house, Capricorn! Surround yourself with positive people who care about you, and your relationship landscape will look healthy and happy. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Love tarot card for Aquarius for spring: The Hanged Man Meaning: A phase of stagnation or frustration is drawing to an end. Romances that have hit a plateau will start developing again, in the right way. Friendships that have been curtailed will rekindle. Family ties that weakened will strengthen. Lean in to your close bonds, and expect momentum and action. The Hanged Man shows you will have a change of heart and mind about your relationship world, and it will re-activate new growth. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Love tarot card for Pisces for spring: Page of Coins Meaning: Live and learn, Pisces. The Page of Coins is a ‘student’ card and shows up when there are useful and illuminating life lessons to be had from an area of life – namely your love life. Let others teach you something or demonstrate an example (that you may or may NOT wish to follow). Ask questions about people’s experiences. Listen well. Apply these wisdoms to your own world. If you’re single, a hardworking Earth sign (Capricorn, Virgo, Taurus) is just the ticket! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of April MORE : Everything you need to know about dating an Aries MORE : What type of traveller you are, based on your star sign – and your ideal holiday