A ‘record-breaking’ rare shark has been caught by fishermen off the coast of Ireland. Measuring over nine-feet and weighing up to 500lbs, this porbeagle shark is believed to be the largest ever caught in Irish waters. Anglers, Sid, Terry, and Peter worked with a team of scientists led by Trinity College Dublin to tag and release the ‘critically endangered’ shark. Almost 48 hours after she was released, the shark, nicknamed Danu, was tracked as far away as the Hebrides in Scotland. Nick Payne, shark biologist and assistant professor at Trinity’s School of Natural Sciences, said the discovery was a significant moment, the Irish Mirror reported. ‘It is exciting to see such huge porbeagles in Irish waters,’ the scientist added. ‘The conservation status of porbeagles has been really concerning in this part of the world, with the European population considered critically endangered. ‘There’s evidence that the Donegal coast may act as a globally important reproductive area for this species, with lots of very large female sharks appearing here for a short period in spring.’ The porbeagle, which is native to the UK, is from the same family as the great white and has a similar shape and colour pattern. But they are much smaller and rarely attack humans. Last week’s trip was the first in a new research collaboration between Trinity, Inland Fisheries Ireland (IFI), and local shark anglers. Their goal is to understand the movements and migrations of porbeagles, especially large females, which the team is targeting for tagging. Dr Payne added: ‘This was an incredible start to an important new project, where we will work with the local shark angling community to learn as much as we can about porbeagle movements and their reproductive dynamics in Irish waters. ‘If this is an important breeding location then we need to know about it, so we can monitor and conserve the animals as best we can when they visit our shores.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.