Joe Root has congratulated Ben Stokes on his appointment as England Test captain and told his successor he will ‘always have his back’. Stokes was named as England’s new Test skipper on Thursday morning and replaces his close friend Root, who stepped down from the role earlier in the month. Durham all-rounder Stokes becomes the 81st man to captain England’s Test team, having been Root’s vice-captain since he succeeded Sir Alastair Cook in 2017. Stokes was the natural choice to replace Root, having established himself as key member of the Test side, scoring 5,061 runs and taking 174 wickets in 79 Tests. The 30-year-old’s first Test as England captain will be against world champions New Zealand at Lord’s on June 2. Root was quick to send a congratulatory message to Stokes, writing on social media: ‘Always got each other’s backs. Congratulations mate, I’ll be right with you every step of the way.’ Stokes also referenced Root in his first statement as England captain, saying: ‘I am honoured to be given the chance to lead the England Test team. This is a real privilege, and I’m excited about getting started this summer. ‘I want to thank Joe Root for everything he has done for English cricket and for always being a great ambassador for the sport all across the world. ‘He has been a massive part of my development as a leader in the dressing room, and he will continue to be a key ally for me in this role.’ Pace bowler Stuart Broad, who was dropped for England’s last Test series but looks set to be recalled this summer, has backed Stokes to be an ‘exceptional’ captain. ‘He is someone you naturally follow anyway, he’s a leader in the changing room,’ Broad said. ‘If he takes the way he plays and trains, his positive attitude, into his captaincy that’ll be a really exciting thing for English cricket. He’s got a really good tactical brain, so I’m sure he’ll be exceptional.’ Stokes was appointed captain by new managing director of England men’s cricket Rob Key, in his first major act in the role. ‘I had no hesitation in offering the role of Test captain to Ben,’ said former Kent star Key. ‘He epitomises the mentality and approach we want to take this team forward into the next era of red-ball cricket. ‘I am delighted that he has accepted, and he is ready for the added responsibility and the honour. He thoroughly deserves the opportunity.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 