Sharon Osbourne has revealed she had a face lift last year but found the results to be ‘horrendous’. The TV star, 69, who is about to start a new show on Talk TV, revealed she underwent the five-and-a-half hour cosmetic surgery operation but was disappointed when the bandages were removed. She told The Sunday Times: ‘I had a full facelift done in October and I looked like one of those f**king mummies that they wrap [with bandages]. It hurt like hell. You have no idea.’ Describing her horror at how she looked afterwards, Sharon explained: ‘I’m telling you, it was horrendous. I’m, like, “You’ve got to be f**king joking.” ‘One eye was different to the other. I looked like a f**king Cyclops. I’m, like, “All I need is a hunchback.”’ After she showed her husband, Ozzy Osbourne, 73, he agreed that the results weren’t good, as she added: ‘He said, “I don’t care how much it costs, we’ll get it redone.”’ However, Sharon has revealed that her face is finally ‘settling now’, seven months after she went under the knife. Sharon has always been open about her cosmetic surgery, including another face lift she had in 2019. She revealed at the time: ‘He gave me a procedure where I didn’t have anaesthetic. You’ve got tubes coming out your head and these two rubber bowls the blood goes into. ‘You have that for five days, so you look amazing, you look really really good.’ This week also marks the start of Sharon’s new TV show, which shares the name of The Talk with the show she was axed from in the US. She had left the show after defending Piers Morgan for having an opinion on Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, and Piers is also set to start his own Talk TV show on Monday night too. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sharon Osbourne frustrated husband Ozzy cheated with unattractive women: ‘Dirty old groupies’ MORE : Piers Morgan slams Sharon Osbourne’s ‘disgusting’ axing from The Talk for ‘having an opinion’ 