A grieving widow who went to visit her late husband’s grave was left in tears after seeing it covered by a 5ft pile of soil excavated from a nearby plot. Roy Thompson, a retired plumber and father-of-five, was buried at Southern Cemetery in Chorlton on March 10 after passing away from cancer aged 88. Although no headstone had yet been erected, relatives left flowers and other mementos of his life on the plot. But when family members, including his bereaved wife Beverley, turned up on Thursday morning, they found the decorations had been removed and replaced by a huge mound of soil. They said the sight left Beverley, who was there to celebrate her birthday with her husband, crying and in shock. The council has admitted grave diggers sometimes pile soil onto existing plots but insist staff do their ‘utmost to respect nearby graves’. Mr Thompson’s son Anthony, 55, from London, told MEN: ‘It’s pretty insensitive and quite disrespectful. They are just assuming nobody will turn up. ‘There is memorabilia and flowers which have just been moved to another grave. ‘My father is buried beneath the mound of dirt but the flowers and name sign is placed in front of another plot, giving the impression my father is buried there. ‘Anyone visiting my father who didn’t attend the burial would believe this is where he is laid to rest. It’s very disappointing and upsetting. The soil could have been put elsewhere.’ The family say they complained at the Southern Cemetery office but report they were told what had happened was ‘legal and commonplace’. But Anthony added: ‘It’s not a matter of it being legal. I find it disrespectful and insensitive.’ Roy’s niece Donna Morris said his widow, who had been with him for more than 30 years, was left ‘very tearful’. She had come to celebrate her 75th birthday with him. She went on: ‘It’s her birthday and she wanted to be with him and this is what we have found. The flowers have just been moved to another grave. ‘It beggars belief. We’ve come to have a sing-song and say prayers and this is what happened.’ A spokesperson for Manchester City Council said: ‘The Council’s Bereavement Services Team does its utmost to respect nearby graves when carrying out excavations. ‘In some cases excavated earth is placed on adjacent graves during this process, but at all times staff carry out their duty with care and do their best not to disturb the original grave site.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.