Welcome back to What I Rent, our weekly series that explores what renting looks like around the world. Last week we were in Chicago, in the US, with Haley, a digital strategist and content creator who loves pink. Today, we’re hanging out in Cape Town, where Danielle, 27, lives. Danielle works as a high school teacher in the area, having lived here for two years. Previously, she studied in Stellenbosch, around a 30-minute drive from Cape Town, so she knows the area well. Here’s what she rents. Hey, Danielle! How much do you pay to live here? I pay R10,000 (approximately £500, or $685) per month for rent, which includes water usage and an extra parking bay, plus an extra R1200 (£60) per month for wifi and electricity. And what do you get in return? The apartment consists of two double bedrooms and two full bathrooms. Do you feel like you have a good deal? I think I got a really good deal, considering I have two big bedrooms and two full bathrooms. Most properties in Cape Town mainly consists of a double bedroom and a single bedroom and one bathroom for the same price. How did you find this property? When I decided to move to Cape Town, I contacted an agent to help me find something safe and close to work, and she referred me to this place. Whereabouts is your home based? What do you think of the area? I am based in Cape Town, South Africa. I absolutely love Cape Town. I live in the northern suburbs, so it is generally a lot quieter and safer than the city centre. How have you made the apartment feel like home? With a rental property, it’s difficult to put your own stamp on it, especially if there are rules regarding painting walls etc, but I found that having furniture and little touches like plants or frames do help a lot to make it feel more homey. Have you found it difficult to decorate when renting? Is your landlord happy with you doing bits? I did find it difficult at first, but now I really like how everything turned out. My apartment building is owned by a company, which means that all the flats within the building must look exactly the same at all times. That means that we cannot hang anything on the walls or paint it. I found this frustrating at first because the walls can easily look very empty. Do you feel like you have enough space? I have more than enough space! This apartment is easily big enough for a couple or small family. Are there any problems with the home you have to deal with? None so far. Overall I have been very lucky with everything and no complaints to date. Do you have plans to move again any time soon? None! Honestly, if I can, I would like to stay here for as long as possible. Do you want to own a place some day or are you happy to rent? Yes, 100%. I think once we have children, my soon-to-be husband and I will start to look for a house to buy, instead of an apartment to rent. Makes total sense. Let’s take a look around. What I Rent is a weekly series that’s out every Tuesday at 10am. Check back next week to have another nose around a rented property. This article contains placements with affiliate links.  We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links on these placements. MORE : What I Rent: Assia and Jack, £925 a month for a room in a nine-bedroom shared house in Clapton, London MORE : What I Rent: Liv and Kieran, £1,525 a month for a two-bedroom flat in Shepherds Bush, London MORE : What I Rent: Michael and Leo, £1,400 a month for a one-bedroom flat in Richmond, London