Tiger Woods will play a star-studded warm-up event ahead of this year’s Open Championship at the JP McManus Pro-Am in County Limerick in Ireland. The tournament, which will go ahead on 4-5 July, have announced the inclusion of Woods in a field that already boasts Dustin Johnson and Rory McIlroy. Woods, the 15-time major winner, revealed his intentions to play in the Open at St Andrews in July following his return to competitive golf at last week’s Masters. Only 14 months ago, the 46-year-old was involved in a car crash in Los Angeles and it was thought he may never play on tour again due to his injuries. Speaking about Woods’ addition on the Irish tournament’s Facebook page, host and racehorse owner JP McManus said: ‘We are over the moon to announce that Tiger Woods will be playing in the 2022 JP McManus Pro-Am. ‘Tiger has been a great friend and avid supporter of the Pro-Am for a very long time and we are absolutely thrilled he has committed to play once again in the tournament. ‘His presence at Adare Manor will undoubtedly bring huge excitement to the thousands of spectators and we are very grateful to him for giving up his free time to be with us.’ Woods has a long history of playing in Ireland before the Open having featured in the Pro-Am at Adare Manor, the host course for the 2027 Ryder Cup, three times before. At St Andrews, the Floridian will be aiming for a third Open win on the Scottish links course after victories there in 2000 and 2005. Speaking last week, the four-time Open champion explained why he wants to return to St Andrews. ‘I’ve won two Opens there,’ he said. ‘It’s the Home of Golf, it’s my favourite golf course in the world so I will be there for that one.’ The last time Woods played at the Open was in 2019 at Royal Portrush with a Covid-19 cancellation and injuries seeing him miss the event in the last two years. MORE : Tiger Woods confirms he will play at The Open after worst ever Masters finish MORE : Tiger Woods can win this year’s Open at St Andrews, says Rich Beem For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 