A Met Police counter-terrorism officer packed two condoms, a bottle of lubricant and erectile dysfunction pills before going to meet a 13-year-old girl for sex, a court has heard. Detective constable Francois Olwage stands accused of grooming what he believed to be a child he met on the Lycos online chat forum. But the 52-year-old defendant was actually chatting with an undercover police officer calling themselves ‘Smile Bear’ and ‘Caitlin’ on WhatsApp, Winchester Crown Court heard. After two weeks of explicit sexual conversations in October 2021, Olwage, of Stevenage, Hertfordshire, arranged to meet the ‘girl’ who told him she lived in Basingstoke, Hampshire. Peter Shaw, prosecuting, told the court that Olwage travelled by train to meet the ‘girl’ in a park in Basingstoke after going to McDonald’s. He said the defendant was arrested in the fast food restaurant by two undercover police officers. When searched, the officers found two condoms, a bottle of lubricant and a packet of Tadalafil erectile dysfunction tablets in his bag. There was also a box of Ferrero Rocher chocolates which Mr Shaw suggested was a present for the ‘girl’. Mr Shaw said Olwage did not answer questions when interviewed by police but gave a statement saying ‘he never believed that Smile Bear was a 13-year-old girl’. He continued: ‘Instead he believed it was an adult female living out a fantasy as a 13-year-old. ‘He found the fantasy that that person was purporting to run was of intellectual interest to him and therefore he went along with it, he played along never believing the other person to be a 13-year-old girl.’ He added the defendant ‘denied having a sexual interest in children and denied the meeting would involve sexual activity’. Mr Shaw also said that Olwage had sent a message ahead of the meeting to the ‘girl’ stating: ‘Because of your age, things can go very wrong for us, I could be breaking the law, lose my job, social services be called. ‘I do not want any of that for us so we can’t meet tomorrow for anything sexual so it can only be about us meeting to chat and spending time together.’ Giving evidence to the trial, the undercover officer who posed as Smile Bear, said he stated the girl was aged 13 and the defendant replied: ‘Are you OK chatting with me, I could be your dad?’ Olwage denies engaging in sexual communication with a child and attempting to incite a girl aged 13 to engage in sexual activity, arranging the commission of a child sex offence and meeting a girl under the age of 16 following grooming. The trial continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.