Imran Ahmad Khan has said he will resign as MP for Wakefield. The move comes after the disgraced MP was thrown out of the Conservative Party when he was found guilty of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old boy earlier this week. Khan’s resignation will trigger a potentially challenging by-election for the Tories. Labour had held the Wakefield seat for more than 85 years before it became one red wall constituencies to turn blue in the 2019 general election. The Tories will now have a tricky battle to retain the seat, as Mr Johnson fights to remain leader in the wake of the partygate scandal. Khan won Wakefield by 3,358 over Labour former frontbencher Mary Creagh but the Conservatives will likely be nervous about maintaining that lead. Labour is likely to use the current political climate to try and seize back the voters but the party and its leader Keir Starmer will also feel the pressure under high expectations to recapture the seat. In a statement posted to Twitter, Khan, 48, said he would be appealing Monday’s court ruling. ‘While legal proceedings are ongoing, I do not believe that it would ordinarily be appropriate to resign,’ he said. ‘However, owing to long delays in the legal process, my constituents have already been without visible parliamentary representation for a year. ‘Even in the best case scenario, anticipated legal proceedings could last many more months. ‘I have therefore regrettably come to the conclusion that it is intolerable for constituents to go years without an MP who can amplify their voices in Parliament. ‘Representing them has been the honour of my life, and they deserve better than this. ‘Consequently I am resigning as MP for Wakefield and withdrawing from political life.’ Khan, who is gay and Muslim, said he would shortly be writing to Parliamentary authorities to confirm his decision. ‘I am now able to focus entirely on clearing my name,’ he added. ‘As I intend for this to be my only statement, I would like to apologise to my family and community for the humiliation this has caused them. ‘Questions surrounding sexuality in my community are not trivial, and learning from the press about my orientation, drinking, and past behaviour before I became an MP has not been easy.’ Khan was found guilty of sexually assaulting the 15-year-old at Southwark Crown Court on Monday. Jurors heard he forced the teenager to drink gin and tonic before dragging him upstairs and carrying out the attack at a house in Staffordshire in January 2008. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.