Statues of comic favourite Snoopy have been damaged just two days after they were unveiled as part of a charity exhibition helping rehome dogs. Dozens of sculptures decorated like Snoopy, from the Peanuts comic strip, were placed around Cardiff and other areas of south Wales on Friday. The art exhibition, called A Dog’s Trail, is free and aims to raise money and awareness for the animal welfare charity the Dogs Trust. Organisers of the trail announced the ‘sad news’ four sculptures had to be taken down. They called it ‘devastating, not only for us but for the artists who put so much hard work into their designs’. They added on Twitter: ‘A Dog’s Trail was designed to bring the people of South Wales together, to be a tourist in your own towns and cities and be proud of the creativity within the region. ‘We’re hopeful we can repair the sculptures and have them rejoin the pack, but we are urging the public to look after our Snoopy sculptures, take pride in the artwork and not climb or hang on them, to keep them looking their best.’ A Dog’s Trail was billed as ‘a spectacular showcase of creativity pawing its way across Cardiff and South Wales’. The organisers said they are in contact with the police about the damage, and are looking at their options to stop it from happening again. There are 40 large Snoopy sculptures in the trail and 75 mini ones. The large sculptures were decorated by artists and the smaller ones were made by local schoolchildren and community groups. Those broken were ‘Peek a Boop’ in Victoria Park, Cardiff, ‘A Dog’s Dream’ at Cardiff City Hall, ‘Welsh Wildflowers’ behind Caerphilly Castle and ‘Tally’ in Llandaff Fields. The trail, which is in place for eight weeks until June 5, aims to encourage people to explore their local area and get healthier by walking around an ‘outdoor art gallery’. The full-sized Snoopy sculptures will be available to purchase at auction by the highest bidder after the exhibition ends. All funds raised will go towards Dogs Trust rehoming centres in Bridgend and Cardiff, and help the 14,000 dogs normally cared for by the charity every year. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.