In a video that taps straight into our emotions, Richard E Grant has shared he’s ‘trying his best’ to navigate life without his late wife, Joan Washington. The pair were together for nearly four decades and Richard has been detailing his grief following her death last year, aged 71, after a battle with cancer. During a walk on the beach while on the Gold Coast in Australia, Richard, 64, shared a clip as he looked out at the crashing waves and insisted he’s attempting to ‘find a pocket full of happiness in each day’ – a request from his beloved wife. Speaking to the camera, Richard said: ‘Feels like a whole new world. navigating solo after 38 years together. Joan so wisely asked me, “find a pocket full of happiness in each day.’ He added, as the sun beamed down on the clip uploaded to his social media: ‘Try my best.’ The Withnail and I star wrote in the caption: ‘Beautiful as this beach is, I feel and look like an old turtle without my shell, trying to navigate the world on my own, having lost my loving ‘compass’ called Joan,’ along with a series of compass emoji. Richard and Washington – an esteemed dialect coach – were married for 34 years, with the actor sharing an emotional tribute to mark what would’ve been their 35th wedding anniversary in November. They tied the knot on November 1 1986, and in a clip, Richard said that he was focusing on the fact that ‘love goes on’ as he struggles with his loss. He captioned the video: ‘I married Joan Washington 35 years ago today. Best decision I’ve ever made. We were together for 38 years and @OliviaGranted is the Gift of a Human that we are blessed with.’ Washington was well-known in the industry as a vocal coach with nearly 40 years’ experience, who had worked with the likes of Anne Hathaway, Emma Stone and Vanessa Redgrave. She met Richard when she was teaching an accent session at the Actors Centre in Covent Garden in November 1982, where the Loki actor ‘begged her to give me private voice lessons’ as he had recently emigrated from Eswatini (formerly Swaziland) in Southern Africa. Richard recalled her price was £20 per hour, but he could ‘only afford £12’. He wrote: ‘She fixed me with her big monkey-eyes and said: “All right, but you’ll have to repay me if you ever ‘make it’.”’ The couple went on to welcome a daughter together, Olivia, while Richard is also stepfather to Joan’s son Tom, from her first marriage. MORE : Richard Curtis’ son Spike slays at Coachella as he raps with hero Dave causing his famous family to go wild over his secret talent: ‘That’s my son!’ MORE : The Wanted’s Tom Parker fans line streets to pay tribute outside private funeral after death at age 33 Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.