John Fury has rubbished suggestions he could fight on the Tyson Fury vs Dillian Whyte undercard at Wembley Stadium next week. Fury will put his WBC heavyweight title on the line against Whyte in front of 94,000 on Saturday 23 April with younger half-brother Tommy Fury also fighting on the bill as he seeks to extend his professional record to 8-0 against Daniel Bocianski. Tyson however teased the possibility of three Furys fighting on the card back in March, claiming he had urged promoter Frank Warren to get his dad involved in the action. Fury Snr, who turns 58 in May, fought professionally between 1987 and 1995, winning eight of his 13 fights having also fought as a bare-knuckle boxer. While he has been a key figure in Fury’s training camp overseeing proceedings alongside head trainer SugarHill Steward, John has no plans to join his sons in the ring next week in the capital. ‘Total bulls**t,’ Fury told Metro.co.uk on behalf of FreeBets. ‘What the hell would they want a 57-year-old fella on the undercard for? ‘It’s a young man’s game. We are here to sell fights but this fight doesn’t need selling, especially with the likes of me. This one speaks for itself, it is going to be a cracking fight.’ Fury Snr made headlines last year after issuing a challenge to Mike Tyson for an exhibition bout, insisting he is in better shape than the heavyweight icon. Former champion David Haye has also been called out with Fury Snr more than willing to step into the ring again – adamant the rigorous fight camps he has been apart of alongside Tyson and Tommy have him ready to make a return at the drop of a hat. ‘I will tell you this much, if one of those big boys want to do it for some real money, I’ll fight any of them,’ Fury Snr said. ‘At a days’ notice. I don’t need a camp at this age. I train every day with my lads. All my sons are fitness fanatics so I’m never out of shape. ‘We just need the right numbers on the cheque and we will rock and roll. But this isn’t about me. This is the Tyson Fury road show and on we go with it. He’s the biggest star in the world.’ Elsewhere on the Fury vs Whyte undercard, Anthony Cacace will take on Jonathan Romero for the vacant WBO international super-featherweight title. Cacace (19-1) is coming off the back of a successful British title defence against Leon Woodstock last August. Heavyweight prospect David Adeleye, who has once again been enlisted as a sparring partner by Fury to help him prepare for his showdown with Whyte, is also in action against Chris Healey. MORE : ‘Ready to go!’ – Dean Whyte dismisses talk of Dillian Whyte replacement stepping in for Tyson Fury showdown MORE : Ricky Hatton: Oleksandr Usyk’s decision to return from Ukraine and fight Anthony Joshua is truly inspirational For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 