Quelle surprise! Speaking more than one language may be one of the best ways to slow down the ageing of your brain, new research has found. A group of people over the age of 60 were asked their second language levels and then their cognitive ability was tested. The longer someone had studied a second language and the more fluent they were, the better they performed in the experimented. Researchers from HSE University, Moscow, and Northumbria University said this may be because bilingual speakers constantly face similar conflicts in daily life, causing their brain to switch between different linguistic systems. Federico Gallow, from HSE, said: ‘Unlike other factors that shape cognitive reserve, bilingualism is unique in that it is constantly present in our lives. We can take up and give up physical exercise, go on one diet or another, or change jobs, but language remains with us all the time,. The findings from the study, carried out among 63 adults, were published in Frontiers in Psychology. They concluded that proficiency in two or more languages can act as a defence against disorders such as dementia, Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s disease or strokes. Active bilinguals are also diagnosed with neurodegenerative diseases five to seven years later than monolinguals, according to another article by Federico Gallo and his colleagues. He said: ‘In the long term, we plan to study how the benefits of bilingualism on ageing may vary with different language pairs.’ While advances in medicine has allowed people to live longer, the brain is not always able to keep pace with the physical health of the body. As the human brain ages, its overall information-processing speed decreases, short-term and episodic memory deteriorates, and control over language skills, executive, and visuospatial functions declines. This process is called ‘cognitive ageing’. However, the speed at which ageing occurs varies and depends on a person’s cognitive reserve, which is the brain’s ability to cope with the effects of age-related brain damage and maintain optimal performance. This reserve is built up over the course of a person’s life, as the brain strengthens neural networks in response to various external stimuli. The more complex the neural networks are, the greater a person’s cognitive reserve is and the milder any age-related changes will be. It has already been proven that cognitive reserve is influenced by physical exercise, nutrition, career, leisure habits, level of education, socio-economic status, and several other factors. MORE : Racism stopped me from embracing my bilingualism – but no more MORE : These are the foods that could help prevent dementia in later life