Louise Thompson has enjoyed a well-deserved night off as she headed out for dinner for the first time since before the birth of her son. The Made In Chelsea star, 31, welcomed son Leo-Hunter with partner Ryan Libbey, last year and unfortunately suffered a traumatic birth. Louise was in hospital for five weeks after Leo was born, leaving her facing ‘various serious complications’. The reality star has since been diagnosed with PTSD, and recently lauded modern medicine for helping her recovery, saying she was ‘so grateful’ to be feeling stronger. Now Louise has shared a positive update with her fans on social media, as she enjoyed a night off to celebrate her own mother’s birthday. Taking to Instagram on Saturday, Louise shared a photograph of her and mum looking glammed up as they headed out for dinner at Somerset House in London, and said she was celebrating ‘a couple of major milestones’. ‘I went out for dinner for the first time in nearly 7 months,’ she revealed, adding a shocked emoji. ‘And,’ she added, joking her mum would ‘kill me for this one…My mum celebrated her 60th.’ ‘Feeling like such a big brave dog,’ the star admitted. ‘Admittedly my conversation stopped at 9pm on the dot, but it felt so good to spoil her and to see her smile!’ Fans and friends flocked to Louise’s Instagram to wish her and her mum  the best, with fellow Made In Chelsea star Ollie Locke writing: ‘Love you both.’ ‘You are doing amazing ❤️ we are all rooting for you,’ friend and influencer Em Sheldon said. ‘Oh my goodness, how is she 60!!! Beautiful and hope you had a lovely time,’ one fan wrote, while another said: ‘Looking amazing Louise.’ Louise has been open about her mental health struggles since giving birth to her son last year, recently speaking about her PTSD as she celebrated her first birthday since becoming a mother. In a candid Instagram post, Louise said she ‘longed for a physical injury’ during the worst of her battle, so there might be a ‘tangible treatment’ to aid her recovery. ‘Severe anxiety and depression are not things you can just fix using “mindfulness” or cbt… sometimes you need mind-altering drugs to pluck you out of a really deep hole,’ Louise wrote. She revealed that, in her worst moment, she asked her mother and partner why she ‘couldn’t have just died on the operating table because that would have been easier.’ However she assured her fans that she is making good progress and is ‘nowhere near’ where she was. Louise’s candid post was applauded by her loved ones, with many thanking her for sharing her truth. The influencer continues to be open about the ups and downs of motherhood to break down taboos for other parents. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sam Thompson ‘grateful’ to celebrate Louise Thompson’s birthday after ‘nearly losing’ sister: ‘There was a chance not too long ago this day wouldn’t happen’ MORE : ‘Being alive felt like torture’: Louise Thompson reveals medication saved her life amid PTSD battle following traumatic birth 