Hundreds of bodies have been found in mass graves near Kyiv after Ukrainian forces recaptured the region surrounding the capital. Heavily destroyed streets in Bucha – a satellite town in Ukraine’s Kyiv Oblast – are littered with ‘booby-trapped’ corpses of civilians and burned-out Russian tanks. Mutilated bodies of men, women and children were also found inside a basement of a holiday cottage in Bucha, The Times reported. ‘In Bucha, we have already buried 280 people in mass graves,’ mayor Anatoly Fedoruk told the AFP news agency. WARNING: This article contains images you may find distressing ‘All these people were shot, killed, in the back of the head.’ Mr Fedoruk said the youngest victim he had seen was a 14-year-old boy. There are also fears Russian forces have concealed traps inside corpses scattered on the side of the road, making it impossible to collect them safely. Photographs showed a scene of widespread devastation as Ukrainian troops rolled into Bucha on Saturday. UK foreign secretary Liz Truss responded to the shocking scenes this morning, saying that as ‘Russian troops are forced into retreat, we are seeing increasing evidence of appalling acts’ in places such as Irpin and Bucha. Mihaylo Podolyak, adviser to the president of Ukraine, also shared a picture from Bucha on Twitter, which shows the bodies of three men on the ground. Alongside, he wrote: ‘The bodies of people with tied hands, who were shot dead by soldiers lie in the streets. ‘These people were not in the military. They had no weapons. They posed no threat.’ According to Human Rights Watch, Russian forces in Bucha rounded up five men on March 4 and executed one of them. A witness told the organisation that soldiers forced them to kneel on the side of a road, pulled their T-shirts over their heads, and shot one of the men in the back of the head. Mass graves have also been found in other parts of the country after Russia’s invasion. Matilda Bogner, head of the United Nations (UN) human rights team in Ukraine, said they had received information about such horrors in the besieged port city of Mariupol, where one appeared to hold 200 bodies. Ex-chief prosecutor of the UN war crimes tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda, Carla Del Ponte, said she ‘hoped never to see mass graves again’. ‘These dead people have loved ones who don’t even know what’s become of them,’ she told the newspaper Blick. ‘That is unacceptable.’ Ms del Ponte has called for an international arrest warrant to be issued for Russian president Vladimir Putin. According to her, it is clear war crimes are being committed in Ukraine, and the use of mass graves recalls the worst of the wars in the former Yugoslavia. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.