The cost of living is going up, and a change to energy price caps means the next bill that lands on your doorstep may be exponentially higher than you’re used to. It’s a problem that can’t be solved by merely cutting back, but it’s still good practice to reduce energy usage where possible – both for the environment and your bank balance. The changes you make don’t need to be drastic: as they say, look after the pennies and the pounds will look after themselves. Small swaps to reduce your consumption include turning off lights and appliances when you’re not in the room, fixing leaky taps, and washing clothes at lower temperatures. You can also switch up your own washing routine, using less water and less gas or electricity to heat it up. It’s a common refrain that showers are ‘better’ than baths when it comes to saving water and energy. But, before we all rip out our tubs in the name of frugality, let’s look into whether this is actually the case. Getting down to the nitty gritty, a standard bathtub holds around 180 litres of water. However, in real terms a bath will use about 100 litres, since a human body will displace much of that water – and most people don’t fill it right to the top anyway. Waterwise estimates that the average showerhead pumps out about 12 litres of water a minute, or 15 if it’s a power shower. On the surface it would appear a no-brainer that showering is more energy and water efficient than bathing, but this all depends on how you do so. A five-minute scrub under the shower isn’t the same as leaving it running and turning your bathroom into a sauna for an hour. Similarly, someone who takes a full bath twice a day will have higher consumption than someone who reuses the water or has the occasional soak. Looking at a 40C power shower that lasts 10 minutes, you’ll go through 150 litres of water and require 5.76 kWh of energy to heat it. The price you pay for water will vary depending on your regional provider, but Discover Water estimates that two litres from the tap costs around a third of a penny. That comes to just under 25p per shower. If you have a gas boiler, the new price cap is set at 7.37p per kWh, pushing the price of heating the water for a shower to 44p. Meanwhile, the cap for electric has been upped to 28.34p per kWh – and up to £1.63 each time you go for a wash. All in all, that puts the price of a shower between 69p and £1.88. Using the same figures, a 100 litre bath requires 3.84 kWh of energy to heat up to 40C. The water itself will be around 17p per bath depending on your water and sewerage supplier. As for the gas to heat that water, you’re looking at up to 28p. If you use electric, that figure jumps to £1.09 for each bath. That means that each bath could cost you between 45p and £1.26. Although the average bath costs less than a 10-minute power shower, this won’t be the case if you take shorter showers (using less than 100 litres of water) or switch to a more efficient shower head. Cutting shower time down to five minutes makes it cheaper and more environmentally friendly than a bath, so consider setting a timer for your bathroom routine. Similarly, if you have a power shower, you can cheaply buy a water efficient head that cuts the amount of water needed (and the amount of energy to heat it) by about half. Most retain the same level of pressure but aerate the flow, so you won’t feel like you’re missing out. There’s no need to eschew either baths or showers forever. Instead it’s all about  reducing consumption where you can but making the most of what you do use. It may seem old-school, conjuring images of kids stood around a tin tub waiting for their turn, but sharing bathwater can be helpful for families looking to scale back. This way you’ll get multiple people clean without the shower running for hours or using more than you need. Admittedly, if those going into the bath are caked in dirt, it’s not a great idea to let others wash in it afterwards. However, if you’re having a daily bath and want to lessen its impact, Dr Hilary has confirmed it’s totally safe to do so. The TV physician said on Good Morning Britain: ‘You’ve got litres of litres of water, diluting every little skin cell and every little bacteria. I think a bath, by the time the water has diluted everything, is fine.’ You can also save your bathwater (or pop the plug in during a shower and save that) for other things, like washing cars or watering non-edible plants in quality compost – even if there’s soap residue in there, the soil should filter out the nasties. Do what feels comfortable for you and your household, but try to be conscious of how you’re using energy and resources. That awareness alone should help you make greener, more cost-effective choices – all without having to compromise on feeling clean and fresh. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : A beginner’s guide to different types of wood, and their uses MORE : These are the best tips and tricks for saving money this Easter half-term