Rockstar is reportedly updating its RAGE engine for GTA 6, its first new graphics tech since 2006. Even the most optimistic predictions of Grand Theft Auto 6’s release date don’t put it any earlier than 2024 but new rumours suggest that the new game, when it arrives, will feature graphics to rival Unreal Engine 5. The rumour from Rockstar insider Chris Klippel suggests that GTA 6 will be using a new version of the Rockstar Advanced Game Engine or, as it’s better known, RAGE. Aside from its name of RAGE9, Klippel doesn’t add much detail, but describes it as being ahead of its time and that capable of outperforming Epic Games’ own Unreal Engine. Although they’ve said nothing official, it would certainly make sense for Rockstar Games to start using a new game engine with GTA 6, especially given how old the current version of RAGE is getting. Rockstar has been using RAGE for 16 years now. It was first used for Rockstar Games Presents Table Tennis in 2006 and has spanned both Red Dead Redemption games and the last two Grand Theft Auto titles. Klippel is considered a reliable source as he had previously teased the existence of Grand Theft Auto: The Trilogy – Definitive Edition a month before Rockstar announced it. Rockstar itself has yet to announce any official details regarding GTA 6, only saying that development is underway. However, previous leaks point to it being potentially the largest entry in the series yet. Last year, there were claims that GTA 6’s map will not only be huge but also constantly evolve and expand over time, similar to how Fortnite’s map regularly changes. They also said that the game will release in 2025. Release platforms haven’t been confirmed but it’s safe to assume that, console-wise, GTA 6 will only come to the PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X/S. With this being the first GTA game specifically designed for those platforms, that lends further credence to Rockstar wanting to update its game engine for it. Email gamecentral@metro.co.uk, leave a comment below, and follow us on Twitter. MORE : Fans think there’s a secret GTA 6 teaser in the Definitive Edition of San Andreas MORE : GTA 6 has been cancelled and restarted following Dan Houser exit claims new rumour MORE : GTA Online gets PS5 & Xbox Series X exclusive GTA+ subscription service Follow Metro Gaming on Twitter and email us at gamecentral@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our Gaming page. 