A British man who has been held in prison in Yemen without charge or trial for five years has been released, and has reunited with his wife and son. Luke Symons, 30, was detained after being stopped at a security checkpoint in Taiz the south of the country on April 4, 2017, when he was 25. He was taken to Sanaa, the capital, and kept imprisoned since then where he was reportedly beaten and kept in isolation. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss was among those to celebrate his release today, saying she was ‘delighted’ by the news. ‘He was allegedly mistreated, in solitary confinement, and refused visits by his family,’ she said. ‘I pay tribute to our Omani and Saudi partners and our team for securing his release.’ Mr Symons, from Cardiff, went travelling in the Middle East and settled in Yemen, where he met his wife. Their son was only a few months old when his father was detained by Houthis, accused of being a spy due to his British passport, according to his relatives. They told Amnesty International that he had been beaten by his captors in a bid to extract a confession of spying. His physical and mental health had suffered due to being placed in solitary confinement, they said. A GoFundMe page set up by his grandfather Robert Cummings reads: ‘They have a son, and were desperately trying to come back home to Cardiff before war struck, they then sadly became trapped in the country. ‘He was arrested and wrongly held captive without charge simply because he holds a British Passport. He has been living in appalling conditions and the situation is getting desperate. His family in Cardiff are very worried and anxious about Luke’s predicament.’ He said the family were fundraising to get Luke, his wife and child ‘to a country with a British Embassy. ‘Please help me and my family bring Luke home to us in Cardiff.’ Mr Symons’s release comes after a two-month truce in the civil war was implemented in Yemen on April 2. It is the first nationwide ceasefire in the past six years since war erupted in 2014 between the internationally recognised government and Houthi rebels backed by Iran. Houthis took control of Sanaa in 2014, with the official government, backed by Saudi Arabia, going into exile. Mr Symons has been flowed to Muscat, the capital of Oman. Kevin Brennan, MP for Cardiff West, had campaigned for his release since he was imprisoned. The Labour politician tweeted: ‘This is terrific news – after five years finally my constituent Luke Symons has been released from captivity. ‘Thanks to all at the FCDO (Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office) and most of all to Luke’s family for their tireless campaigning.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.