A woman fined £100 for dropping a cigarette says the council should start focussing on ‘real’ problems like fly-tipping. Caroline Dawson was driving through Grimsby on March 21 when she flicked a cigarette butt out her window. A few days later her parents, who owned the car she was driving, received a letter from North East Lincolnshire Council. Officials requested details on who was driving the car and, after her parents complied, a £100 fine arrived through Caroline’s letterbox. She told GrimsbyLive: ‘They don’t smoke, and I don’t usually smoke in their car, but I had the one. ‘I wound the window right down and I must’ve thrown the butt end out of the window and been caught on camera or by a surveillance person behind me. ‘I do remember having a cigarette in the car but I was rushing around as I normally am. It’s not something I’d usually do because in my partner’s car, we use the ashtray. ‘I wouldn’t usually do that in their car, so just in that second of me doing that, I was caught.’ While Caroline appreciates the ‘deterrent’ nature of fines, she says council officials should focus their efforts on other problems. ‘Considering the state of a lot of streets and areas, not just the Nunsthorpe, the fly-tipping that goes on, I’m sure people do a hell of a lot worse and don’t get caught,’ she said. ‘I’ve always been a law-abiding citizen, I don’t throw rubbish or anything like that. ‘While I agree with the deterrent, it’s rather excessive when there are so many other issues that aren’t being dealt with.’ A North East Lincolnshire Council spokesperson told Metro.co.uk there were 979 bins in the wider area where Caroline could have deposited her cigarette butt. The spokesperson added: ‘Littering is an antisocial and criminal act and will not be tolerated. ‘There is absolutely no excuse to drop litter, including cigarettes, anywhere in North East Lincolnshire and you should ensure your cigarette is fully extinguished before disposing of it. ‘People who drop litter make the place look unsightly and it is left for others to clean up after them. ‘Enforcement officers routinely patrol the borough and anyone caught littering faces a £150 fine.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.