An Olympian canoeist is one of six Extinction Rebellion activists who have been arrested for occupying an oil tanker, it is believed. The environmental group is protesting against the Government’s use of fossil fuels and activists are hoping this Easter Saturday will be ‘the most disruptive day of the Rebellion yet’. The group glued themselves on top of a Shell oil tanker off Bayswater Road in London this morning, holding banners which read ‘end fossil filth’ and ‘end fossil fuels now’. The protestors were joined by Etienne Stott MBE, 42, who was Olympic champion in his category at London 2012. Extinction Rebellion told Metro.co.uk he was one of the people the Metropolitan Police arrested for vehicle interference. Metro.co.uk has tried to contact Mr Stott. A Met spokesperson said the force did not confirm individual cases but said six people were arrested. In a statement released before the protest, the sportsman said: ‘I am acting to try to disrupt the toxic fossil fuel industry that is destroying everything we hold dear. ‘I am hoping we can slow it down long enough to create a moment where everyone can stop and think where we are going and change course.’ He contined: ‘We need our government to rein in these companies and stop investing in fossil fuels now, rather than allowing oil companies to continue their stranglehold on our lives and our future. ‘I am aware that my actions will cause anger to many people and I am prepared to be held accountable. ‘But our government should also be held to account for its decisions which are destroying our planet’s ability to support human civilisation.’ Mr Stott was joined by fellow Olympian sailor Laura Baldwin who echoed similar thoughts. She said: ‘I feel desperate for our government to act on the climate crisis. ‘I’ve been moved to take action having witnessed scientists and doctors risking their liberty to tell us that we will lose everything we love unless aggressive cuts to emissions are made immediately, and by people losing their lives and livelihoods right now around the world. ‘This is the most critical time in the history of humanity and I feel I must do all that I can to raise the alarm.’ It is unclear whether Ms Baldwin was arrested too. A Met spokesperson said: ‘We attended Bayswater Road at approx. 0850 to deal with a number of protestors who had climbed on an oil tanker. ‘We have made six arrests for vehicle interference. The road is now open.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.