‘Doctor, doctor, I feel like an Easter egg.’ ‘What are your symptoms?’, the doctor replied. ‘I’m fragile, hollow and ready to fall to pieces.’ ‘Ah, right,’ the doctor said. Anyway, a fun Easter joke there for you all. The world continues to be horrible, the news remains grim and, as ever, Metro.co.uk is here to give it to you straight. We’ve digested the week’s biggest stories into a handy round-up for you so you can get it out of the way and get on with enjoying your Bank Holiday weekend. Us? We’re working. We’re always working. Every. Day. HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE. A war Vladimir Putin thought would be over within a week passed the 50-day mark on Thursday. Ukraine’s army continues to prepare for an expected assault on the Donbas region and is clinging on in Mariupol, while Kremlin forces are still recovering from their chaotic retreat from Kyiv. Russia suffered a strategic and symbolic blow this week when the Moskva, the largest and most feared ship in the fleet stalking the south coast, dropped to the bottom of the Black Sea. Kyiv says they sank it using drones and missiles, inflicting the worst blow to a naval vessel since the Second World War. The Kremlin denies this and says it went down because of a fire on board which caused ammunition to explode. In fact, the Kremlin is so sure Ukraine didn’t sink it that it bombed Kyiv in response and its propagandists frantically fumed about a Third World War on state TV. All very convincing and stable. Vladimir Putin’s masterplan to stop the expansion of Nato scored another major victory with announcements from Sweden and Finland that they intend to join. Oh, and special forces caught the fugitive Viktor Medvedchuk, Putin’s bezzy who leads Ukraine’s main pro-Russia party and is accused of treason, after he spent weeks on the lam following his escape from house arrest. Another flawless week in the Kremlin’s five-day plan to conquer Ukraine. TL;DR: Vladimir Putin continues to be the world’s thickest evil genius. Boris Johnson started the week by popping over to Kyiv for what turned out to be a bit of peace and quiet. Upon his return, the Metropolitan Police confirmed what you’ve already known for a long time: Boris Johnson was taking the p**s. Fined for attending a birthday party thrown for him during lockdown, the prime minister becomes the first in history to have broken a criminal law, the sort of political legacy you can really hang your hat on. Tory backbenchers out for blood a few weeks ago have bottled ousting him thus far, saying it’s impossible to change leader while the Ukraine war is going on (helpfully ignoring the fact the UK has changed leadership multiple times during times of international crisis and that France is in the middle of a presidential election). Rishi Sunak, still reeling from the furore around his wife’s tax status, was fined too and reportedly had a bit of wobble. In the end, he was convinced resigning would be interpreted as an attempt to make the PM do the same so resolved to cling on along with his neighbour – the pair doomed to float on together like Jack and Rose hanging on to a big door with the Titanic disappearing behind them. The Met investigation continues, the Sue Gray report is yet to be published in full and Boris still needs to convince MPs he didn’t mislead the Commons over lockdown parties. TL;DR: The party is either over, ending or just getting started for Boris, depending on how you look at it. Determined to prove to the world that he’s actually a great guy after being found to have broken his own law, the prime minister announced a policy to provide people who survive the deadly Channel crossing with a one-way ticket to Rwanda. Plans to ‘process’ refugees who reach the UK illegally at an overseas base have been floating around for a long time but few thought they’d come to fruition. Now the government has concluded that resettling people here or policing the Channel properly is too difficult and too expensive, and have decided to spend £120 million flying them halfway across the planet instead. The Royal Navy will take over security on the crossing and ‘Greek-style accommodation’, the government’s sunny-sounding new phrase for ‘camps’, will be set up. Mr Johnson has made dealing with the migration ‘crisis’ a key feature of his premiership, presumably thinking it’s a vote winner despite polls showing only around a third of voters support the idea. Some critics think the policy is not likely to be fully implemented and a former Tory minister complained it would be more expensive than putting refugees up in the Ritz. Anyway, feel free to sling the RNLI a fiver this weekend. TL;DR: Boris Johnson celebrates his partygate fine by going full Farage. A major security scare in New York this week was brought to an end after a day-long manhunt. At least 10 people suffered bullet wounds when a man in a gas mask set off a smoke grenade and opened fire on a busy subway train as it pulled into a Brooklyn station. A suspect, Frank R James, was identified and security around the mayor had to be tightened after YouTube videos criticising him were linked to the man the NYPD believe is responsible. He was eventually captured and faces spending the rest of his life in prison if found guilty. In the end, it could have been much worse. Remarkably, no one was killed and investigators think the gunman’s weapon jammed, preventing more carnage. Addressing the court at the suspect’s first appearance, the city’s prosecutor said the panic had been unlike anything since September 11, 2001. TL;DR: New York suffered a major scare but thankfully avoided deaths. That was all very fun, wasn’t it? Fear not – it’s not all bad out there. Consider the heartening story of this fella who received news of his own death in the post. After leaving hospital following an illness, Gordon Blakeman was informed of his untimely passing in a letter from the bank. Mr Blakeman, who swore blind he could remember walking out of the hospital, was somewhat perturbed by the news. After some routine checks (a quick look in the mirror), he was thrilled to discover that he was in fact very much alive. An admin error may have sent him to an early grave bureaucratically but the flesh and blood Mr Blakeman lives on. Condemned to death by the bank but risen once more, Mr Blakeman’s resurrection is the Easter miracle we all need in these straightened times. TL;DR: You can’t keep a good man down. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.