Prince Harry refused to comment on whether he misses his brother Prince William  and father Prince Charles during his latest TV interview. The Duke of Sussex sat down with NBC’s Hoda Kotb in the Netherlands for a chat about his work during the Invictus Games. The 37-year-old happily opened up about his ‘special relationship’ with his grandmother the Queen, who he paid a secret visit to while in the UK last week. When asked if he missed his family at home, he said ‘yes’, adding ‘especially over the last two years, for most people, have we not missed their families? Right?’ But he declined to comment on his strained relationship with William and Charles, who he has barely seen in the two years since he quit royal life and moved to the US. When asked specifically if he missed his brother and father, the duke swiftly dodged the question, saying he was focused on competitors at the Invictus Games. He said: ‘Look, I mean… at the moment, I’m here focused on these guys and these families and giving everything I can, 120% to them to make sure that they have the experience of a lifetime. ‘That’s my focus here. And when I leave here, I go back, and my focus is my family, who I miss massively.’ Harry’s interview comes just over one year after the Sussexes’ explosive chat with Oprah Winfrey, in which they aired several damaging allegations about the royal family. The duke kept the truth bombs to a minimum this time round, focusing instead on promoting the Invictus Games and mental health. Harry spoke about his late mother Princess Diana’s ‘constant presence’ in his life, saying that he has felt her ‘watching over’ him more in the past two years – since his sensational exit from the royal family – than ever before. He said he feels as though his mother helped his brother William to get ‘set up’ with his own family and has now turned her attention to him. He said: ‘For me [my mother’s presence] is constant,’ ‘[It] has been over the last two years more so than ever before. And it is almost as though she’s done her bit with my brother and now she’s very much like helping me. She got him set up and now she’s helping me set up. That’s what it feels like. He’s got his kids, I’ve got my kids. ‘You know the circumstances are obviously different. But now, I feel her presence in almost everything that I do. But definitely more so in the last two years than ever before. Without question. She’s watching over us.’ He added that he is ‘sure’ his mother is proud of him. When asked if he felt more peaceful since moving to the US, Harry replied: ‘I don’t know how many people feel truly peaceful, you know? At times, I feel massively at peace. ‘And we as human beings are compassionate people. But when your life becomes really hard, it can be, for some, harder to find the compassion for other people. ‘But what I’ve learned over the years is – certainly for myself – I find healing in helping others. And I think that’s what we should really be focusing on’. He said there was ‘so much to be happy about in the outside world, but there’s also so much to worry about’  and it was about ‘trying to make the world a better place for my kids’. He added that working from home ‘isn’t all its cracked up to be’. ‘When your kids and you are in the same place, it’s really hard to separate the work from them, ’cause they kind of overlap. I mean, Archie spends more time interrupting our Zoom calls, he said. During the same interview, Harry heaped praise on the Queen, saying she is able to ‘talk about things (with him) she can’t talk about with anybody else’. When asked what his favourite thing is about the 95-year-old monarch, Harry said: ‘Her sense of humour and her ability to see the humour in so many different things. We have a really special relationship. ‘We talk about things that she can’t talk about with anybody else, so that is always a nice piece to her.’ However, despite insisting that he remains one of Her Majesty’s closest confidantes, the duke hinted that he will not attend her upcoming Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June – pointing to his ongoing battle against the UK Home Office over his security. Harry’s legal team say it is not safe for him to bring his two children to the UK because he has been stripped of his tax-payer funded Met Office protection. The government have refused to reinstate it, even after the duke offered to pay. Harry said he does not know if he will make it to the UK for the Jubilee Bank Holiday due to ‘security issues and everything else’. He added: ‘This is what I’m trying to do: [I’m] trying to make it possible that I can get my kids to meet her (the Queen).’ Harry has only visited the UK three times since quitting as a senior royal – once for his grandfather’s funeral, then again for the unveiling of a statue of his mother and most recently to visit the Queen at Windsor Castle. Confirming last week’s secret trip, Harry said that he is determined to ensure that the Queen is ‘protected and has the right people around her’. ‘Being with her, it was great,’ he told NBC. ‘It was just so nice to see her, you know, she’s on great form, she’s always got a great sense of humour with me and I’m making sure she’s protected and got the right people around her.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.   