It seems financial wellbeing is closely tied to employee productivity. A new survey by YuLife and YouGov found that 80% of workers believe being stressed about money negatively affects how they perform at work. But, despite noticing this shift in their own productivity, 66% of employees would be uncomfortable telling their boss that they feel financial stress. With the jarring rise in the cost of living, this is likely to become a reality for many people imminently, as 57% expect their levels of financial worry to continue to rise. Financial security naturally affects our general wellbeing – so a lack of this can have a knock-on impact elsewhere. A massive 80% of adults, on average, are currently worried about money, and this rises to 88% for adults with children. The study found people who worry about whether they can meet their financial obligations are more likely to be distracted and feel less focused at work. Employees feel their workplaces have a duty to help here, too. Almost half say it’s their employer’s responsibility to improve the general sense of financial wellbeing. And this goes beyond company benefits and pension contributions – as many feel more needs to be done. Younger workers (aged up to 34) feel this more strongly, with 69% saying their workplaces don’t do enough to nurture financial wellbeing. Sammy Rubin, CEO of YuLife, says: ‘This survey demonstrates the clear link between financial wellbeing and productivity in the workplace, bringing to light the need for essential assistance to look after financial stress. ‘The almost-universal nature of money worries means that employers have a responsibility to support their employees’ financial wellbeing with additional benefits and insurance products as well as creating help and awareness to suit their financial needs. ‘Employees increasingly believe that workplaces are responsible for improving financial wellbeing – it’s no longer considered a nice-to-have but an integral part of creating a healthy workspace.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to make money investing in stocks and shares for dummies MORE : Could a four-hour work day make us more productive? I gave it a go MORE : Could splitting sleep into two sessions the secret to increased productivity?