The ex-partner of Sabina Nessa’s killer revealed he tried to have sex with her hours before murdering the primary school teacher. Koci Selamaj, 36, was sentenced to life in prison this morning for the premeditated attack after being spurned by his estranged wife. The garage worker ran up behind his victim in a south-east London park and knocked her out with 34 blows to the head using a traffic triangle. Grainy CCTV footage played in court showed the moment he carried the 28-year-old’s limp body up a grassy bank, where he partially removed her clothes and strangled her. Sabina’s body was discovered nearby in Cator Park, Kidbrooke, 24 hours later on September 18 last year. Selamaj, an Albanian national from Eastbourne, East Sussex, was arrested in the seaside town and charged over her death days later. The Old Bailey heard how he had a history of violence against his ex-partner, Ionela Gherghisan, including trying to throttle her a number of times. The prosecution invited the court to conclude there was a sexual motive to the killing, despite no ‘positive’ evidence of a sexual assault. The 45-year-old has revealed how she became ‘scared’ of ‘unrecognisable’ Selamaj in the weeks leading up to the killing, even though she ‘never believed he was capable of murder’. Three days before the attack on Ms Nessa, the defendant booked a room at the five-star Grand Hotel in Eastbourne, just five minutes from his home and where his ex worked. Speaking to the Daily Mail, Ms Gherghisan – who has since moved back to her native Romania – revealed she had no idea he had checked into the hotel. She continued: ‘He was very anxious and impatient and I had never seen him like that. ‘I saw a bottle of alcohol in his car and could smell it on his breath. He wasn’t drunk, but he was acting very strangely. ‘He tried to have sex with me in his car in the car park, but I said no so he left and I went back to work.’ She said she saw him once more between the murder and his arrest and noticed he was wearing new shoes, which struck her as unusual. An older pair were later recovered from his home by detectives and found to be splattered with blood. On Thursday he was branded a ‘coward’ by Ms Nessa’s sister when he refused to come to court to be sentenced. Jabina Islam said: ‘You are an awful human being and do not deserve your name to be said. You are a disgusting animal.’ On Friday, Selamaj refused to come to the Old Bailey again and was jailed for life in his absence. Mr Justice Sweeney set a minimum term of 36 years for the ‘savage’ crime and called Sabina the ‘wholly blameless victim of an absolutely appalling murder which was entirely the fault of the defendant’. Her death added to “the sense of insecurity” particularly felt by woman walking through the city at night. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.