Fed-up lorry drivers have launched a fight back against eco-protesters trying to block an oil terminal. Seven activists from Just Stop Oil targeted the Kingsbury terminal near Tamworth, Staffordshire, at around 4.40am today. They climbed pipes and said their plan was to stay at the site ‘as long as they can’. Meanwhile, another group in Essex set up roadblocks near the Navigator Oil terminal and the Grays oil terminal. Campaigners wore orange high-vis vests to climb tankers and blocked the road while they brandished signs. At one point, a protester and lorry driver became embroiled in a scuffle as tempers flared between the two sides. The activist was photographed falling 3ft backwards of a lorry by the Stoneness Roundabout. Warwickshire Police said 12 arrests had been made this morning. Officers still remain at the scene of protests in Essex. A spokesperson from the force said: ‘Officers remain at Kingsbury Oil Terminal today and are currently dealing with protest activity after a number of protesters arrived overnight. ‘There is minimal impact to the wider community at this time.’ Just Stop Oil claimed on Twitter production has halted at the at the Kingsbury terminal. They added it was ‘expected’ that their actions ‘would impact’ fuel availability at petrol pumps across England. One campaigner in Essex shared a Twitter video delving into the motive behind the protest. She said: ‘This isn’t a protest against ordinary people. We understand that ordinary people need their cars to get to work, to see their relatives or to go for a day out. ‘This is unfortunately a problem not of our or other people’s making. ‘The problems of climate change and the depency on oil – a fuel we do not need to use, there are other alternatives – are based on coorperate and government actions that could be different.’ She added: ‘Without this action, the human race won’t survive.’ Activists had defied an injunction from Valero Energy to stage today’s protests. The injunction banned anyone from damaging any part of the land at each of the firm’s sites, from ‘affixing themselves to any other person or object’ on the land or parts of access roads, and from building any structure. Yesterday, Just Stop Oil activists caused major delays on the M4 after climbing an oil tanker. Four campaigners had glued themselves to the top of the Eddie Stobart fuel tanker and draped flags that read ‘Just Stop Oil’. In a statement, Just Stop Oil said the aim was ‘to stop the flow of oil in London’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.  