Tom Grennan has updated fans after being hospitalised following an unprovoked attack in New York. He took to Instagram to thank fans for their support and well-wishes and update them on how he is doing. Tom, 26, told his followers: ‘Hey guys, what’s going on. I thought I’d come on here to let you know that I’m all good and that the support that I am seeing is unbelievable and very overwhelming and I can’t believe it, so thank you so much. ‘This 24 hours has been crazy, it’s been a bit of a madness to be honest with you. But I thought I’d come on here to let you know what actually went on. It was just wrong place, wrong time.’ Describing the attack, Tom explained: ‘I was punched, knocked out and I woke up and I was like “Woah, what went on?” I’ve got a ruptured eardrum, luckily enough my jaw’s fine. I’ve got a bit of concussion but I’m on meds at the moment so that’s kind of taking the pain away. ‘I’ve filed the police report and the NYPD were great, they were brilliant. So wrong place, wrong time but just a crazy 24 hours.’ Tom added that while his Washington show, which was due to take place on Friday, was cancelled in light of the attack, ‘the show must go on’ and he hopes to complete the rest of his US tour. ‘I’m all good, I promise you. I’m all good. Just going to take a couple of weeks, hopefully, for the ear to be on the mend but we’ll see. We’ve just got to keep the show running,’ he concluded. The English singer-songwriter was left with injuries including a ruptured ear and torn eardrum as well as problems with his jaw, which had previously been fractured. A statement on his social media had told fans: ‘In the early hours of this morning after Tom’s New York show he was the victim of an unprovoked attack and robbery outside a bar in Manhattan. ‘Tom is currently in hospital being assessed by doctors for his injuries which include a ruptured ear, torn ear-drum and issue with his previously fractured jaw. ‘Despite this, Tom is in good spirits but needs to temporarily recuperate whilst doctors assess his ability to continue with his touring.’ The message from his management continued: ‘Tom is desperate not to let anyone down, however we have taken the precautionary decision to postpone the Washington show tomorrow to a later date, with details to follow. ‘We will update on future shows should changes need to be made. We wish to thank Tom’s incredible US fans for their support and understanding.’ He had performed at the iconic Bowery Ballroom in New York prior to the incident. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Grennan hospitalised after ‘unprovoked attack and robbery’ in New York MORE : Simon Bird jokes about a third Inbetweeners movie after saying a revival series is a ‘hard no’ 