Blac Chyna allegedly held a gun to ex-boyfriend Rob Kardashian’s head, the court has heard. The model, real name Angela White, filed a lawsuit against the famous family over the axing of her E! reality series with her ex-fiancé, Rob & Chyna, which aired for one season in 2016. Speaking at the Los Angeles Superior Court earlier today, the Kardashian family’s lawyer, Michael Rhodes, alleged that the sock entrepreneur was on FaceTime with a friend when his now-ex held a gun to his head. In his opening statement, via MailOnline, he told the jury that there will be evidence during the trial that the pal in question ‘saw Miss White put a gun to his head’ – but he wasn’t sure whether the weapon was loaded. He also accused her of wanting to be a Kardashian and refused to refer to her as Blac Chyna, as ‘that’s a stage name and this is not a stage – this is a courtroom.’ The attorney said that during an alleged attack on December 14, she ‘got physical’ with Rob, putting a ‘phone cord’ around his neck and pulling, something she has denied. He claimed that she was ‘screaming and yelling’ – with Kris Jenner’s boyfriend, Corey Gamble, physically getting between the couple and warning Rob to leave. Mr Rhodes said that their relationship was ‘broken’ on that date, stating that ‘there is no Rob & Chyna show if there is no Rob and Chyna’. The lawyer claimed that E! paid her a $100,000 (£76k) cancellation fee when the first season ended, and an additional $370,000 (£283k) for more footage in case the series returned. He added that Chyna’s contracts are ‘all with E!’ and not the Kardashians, who served as executive producers of the show, meaning that they lost money when the show was axed, concluding: ‘They were acting against their own financial interests to protect someone they love (Rob).’ Addressing the jury on Tuesday, Chyna’s attorney, Lynne Ciani, denied that her client had ‘attempted to strangle Rob with a phone cord’, claiming that Kris told the producers this. ‘That was false,’ she told the court. ‘Chyna did not beat the s**t out of his face.’ According to court documents, Chyna is suing the Kardashians for $108million (£83m) in damages – $44million (£33m) for ‘past economic damage’ and $64million (£49m) for ‘future economic damage’, following the decision to axe Rob & Chyna. The series aired in 2016, following the former couple on their journey to welcome their daughter Dream, with the pair splitting soon after. It was taken off air after one series, after which Chyna alleged that the family – specifically Kim, Khloe and Kris and Kylie – were responsible for the axe. In response, the Kardashians, who have been present in court, denied any wrongdoing, and alleged that they had legitimate concerns about the pair, given the ‘violence and toxicity’ of their relationship. The trial continues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Life After Life’s Jessica Brown Findlay reflects on playing ‘intense’ Izzie Todd in adaptation of Kate Atkinson novel MORE : Kim Kardashian scrapped grim R Kelly joke from Saturday Night Live monologue on Amy Schumer’s advice 