‘Florals? For spring? Groundbreaking.’ When Miranda Priestly uttered these words in The Devil Wears Prada, people all over panicked when they took one look at their spring wardrobes. Why? Because florals are a spring staple and season after season we rely on them to elevate our daily outfits. However, florals aren’t for everyone. For the minimalists, they are too shouty. For others, they are too pretty and girly. These individuals struggle each April when shop floors and online screens become flooded with roses, peonies and daisies. Thankfully, there is some reprieve for those who don’t enjoy wearing the products of the garden. Across the online and offline high street, alternatives to florals are available. From stripes to swirls, there are more ways than one to do print. And here are eight we love. Get the top for £49.99 at Zara. A step up from florals, paisley print has a 1970s edge. With a hippie festival vibe, the print is surprisingly wearable and goes especially well when paired with jeans. Get the dress for £50 at ASOS. Abstract print is a genius way to make a statement that isn’t too pretty and proper. Bold and fun, we love this blue and white dress from Topshop that is made for late night parties in summer. Get it for £79 at Cos. Zebra print works all year round. The perfect print for those who prefer monochrome looks, this classic shirt from Cos will look extra chic when tucked into a pair of high waist leather shorts. Get it for £29.99 at Mango. Check print and summer go hand in hand. From picnic blankets to dresses, it is a versatile pattern that can be dressed up and down. This midi dress from Mango can be easily paired with trainers for day trips and with white heels for nights on the town. Get the set for approx £183 at With Jean. What colour is your aura? As christened by the Metro Lifestyle team, aura print looks almost psychedelic. Both a mix of tie dye and heat mapping print, its softness is a beautiful accompaniment to spring/summer. Get it for £42 at ASOS. Unlike florals, patchwork is structured. And for those who love clean lines and shapes, it’s the summer print for you. Be sure to wear this ASOS crochet number to your first summer beach trip. Get it for £45 at & Other Stories. We can’t talk about prints without mentioning stripes. A classic in fashion, stripes will never do you wrong. Chic, stylish and versatile, stripes are a serious spring/summer win. Get it for £165 at Kitri. Spot the difference? Not a floral in sight. Easy to wear and sure to catch eyes, say yes to spot print in your new season wardrobe. We love this Kitri dress that can be worn all year round making it a superb sartorial investment. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to spot a microtrend – and tips for building a wardrobe that lasts MORE : The key pieces you need to nail ‘French girl style’ MORE : The Fit List: Give yourself a boost with natural alternatives to wellness buys