Lewis Hamilton has confirmed that he has joined one of the bids to takeover Chelsea Football Club, despite being a life-long Arsenal supporter. On Thursday, Sky Sports reported that the seven-time world champion will, alongside 23-time Grand Slam winner Serena Williams, invest up to a combined £20million in Sir Martin Broughton’s bid to buy the Premier League giants. The Blues were put up for sale by current owner Roman Abramovich after he was sanctioned by the UK government in the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine at the end of February, with the oligarch’s close links to Russian president Vladimir Putin coming under scrutiny. On Friday, ahead of practice for the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix, Mercedes driver Hamilton confirmed the news, saying: ‘When I heard about this I thought, “Wow”. This is one of the greatest opportunities to be a part of. ‘This is a team that is all about the community. That’s what really makes a football team, it’s the people in and around it. They’ve been leading in their work in D&I [diversity and inclusion] and becoming more diverse and progressive. ‘So, it’s not that we associate ourselves with previous owners. Our goal is to continue some of the work that they’ve already done and have even more of an impact and engage more with the community.’ ‘You’ve seen that in that sport, there is still a lot of work to be done to be more diverse, and more inclusive. It’s an amazing platform to bring in and educate a lot of the amazing fans that are out there. ‘And there’s some amazing talent within the team already that have really stood up against discrimination and worked very closely with the organisation to move forward. I think the fans of Chelsea, the community, are heavily invested in that also. So that’s important.’ Hamilton also went on to clarify where his football allegiances lay, having previously stated his love for Arsenal, one of Chelsea’s fiercest rivals. ‘I’ve been a football fan since I was a kid, I played from the age of four to 17 in teams every year. I played every year through childhood and I’ve been to numerous games. When I was young, I used to play football as a kid around the corner and I really wanted to fit in. I was the only kid of colour there. ‘All the kids supported someone different. One was Tottenham, one was Manchester United and I remember switching between these teams when I was younger, then getting home and my sister would punch me several times in the arm. My sister Sam basically beat me saying, “you have to support Arsenal!”‘ ‘At five or six-years-old I supported Arsenal but my uncle Terry is a big Blues fan, so I’ve been to so many games with him to watch Chelsea and Arsenal play. Ultimately, I’m a sporting fan – it’s the biggest sport in the world and Chelsea are one of the biggest clubs in the world and most successful.’ MORE : William Gallas reveals the only way William Saliba will have a future at Arsenal MORE : What time is the F1 Emilia Romagna Grand Prix qualifying today and how to watch? For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 