Manchester United playmaker Bruno Fernandes defended Ralf Rangnick’s tactics after the side’s costly 1-1 draw against Leicester City at Old Trafford on Saturday. The Red Devils gave themselves a mountain to climb in the pursuit of a top four place after dropping more points at home against Brendan Rodgers’ men. Kelechi Iheanacho gave the visitors the lead, only for Fred to equalise moments later just past the hour-mark. Cristiano Ronaldo’s absence through illness saw United start in a 4-3-3 system with Paul Pogba and Fernandes switching roles as the side’s false nine. The first half was one of fine margins and saw neither side create much of note, though it was Leicester that appeared the brighter. The Foxes were more dominant after the break and Marcus Rashford was introduced to give the system a traditional forward to play around. The draw means United trail Arsenal by three points, having played two games more than the Gunners. But Fernandes says it was not Rangnick’s tactics that cost United against the Foxes and that the players only have themselves to blame. Asked about United’s system, Fernandes said: ‘It’s something we’ve done already against City and it worked really well in the first half,’ said Fernandes.‘Today I thought it was working – we had chances and were compact. Leicester didn’t have many chances in the first half. It’s something that sometimes you have to use. It’s something that has to suit the team.‘It’s not about one player or two. We have to be there for the team.’ United’s draw means they likely need to win all of their remaining matches to finish in the top four, which will be difficult given they face Liverpool, Chelsea and Arsenal in the run-in. Fernandes says the disappointment against Leicester was not because of a lack of effort. ‘We all know we need points. Today it was not enough. We created some chances but the last option was not the best. We have to look forward and win our own games,’ said Fernanges. ‘Everyone gave everything. I don’t believe there’s anyone who didn’t give everything in the game. Nobody lacked intensity. ‘We have to keep fighting. We know our chances. As I said before, we have to keep looking at our own games.’ MORE : Gary Neville has theory over imminent Man Utd manager announcement after Leicester draw For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 