A woman was stalked for nearly two hours after police failed to respond to a 999 call from another person. Hasan Kyoybasha approached a woman who spurned his advances so he started pestering someone else. The first woman called police to report his predatory behaviour towards the victim, but they failed to attend for an hour and 45 minutes. He continued to pester, badger and follow her through the streets of Poole, Dorset, before pouncing and raping her. Dorset Police said they did not attend the incident between 4.45am and 6am on September 5 because they were experiencing ‘higher than average calls’. After the attack, the woman went to get help from two people who were at a nearby bus stop and they dialled 999. Kyoybasha was jailed for 15 years after being found guilty of rape and sexual assault. Dorset police has carried out an internal review which found there was no misconduct by staff but have changed their procedures. A police spokesman said: ‘The review found that at the time of the call, Dorset Police was responding to a higher-than-average number of calls for service and officers were not immediately available to attend. ‘Subsequently, the incident log was closed by a supervisor, as police units remained heavily committed. ‘The review recommended that a radio broadcast detailing the contents of the 999 call could have been made to alert officers in the area who may be attending other incidents. ‘As a result of this, the force has changed its procedure to ensure that these matters are prioritised and radio broadcasts will always be made in cases where there is a concern for a person’s safety. ‘We will always endeavour to prioritise attendance at an incident where suspicious activity has been reported and concerns have been raised for someone’s safety. No misconduct was identified. ‘Those who use violence or intimidation against women and girls such as Kyoybasha will be relentlessly pursued and brought to justice. ‘We will work with partners to create an environment where women and girls are both safe and feel safe from violence, intimidation and harassment through influencing and supporting change within communities and policing. ‘Our thoughts continue to remain with the victim of Kyoybasha’s abhorrent offending’.