Bill Bailey believes Chris Rock and Will Smith were both wrong for their actions after the controversial Oscars bust-up. During the live broadcast, the King Richard actor, 53, stormed on stage and smacked Chris, 57, across the face for joking about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith’s hair – the actress suffers from alopecia but sources say Chris was unaware of her condition. During Wednesday’s This Morning, presenters Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary asked the former Strictly Come Dancing winner if he felt ‘pressure’ to censor his material following the Academy Awards incident. ‘I think in that particular case, there was a lot of issues going on there,’ he replied. ‘There was a lot of baggage between the two of them, and I think they were both at fault to some degree.’ While the comedian branded Chris’ joke as ‘insensitive’ he believes Will’s reaction was completely uncalled for. ‘There’s no excuse for getting onstage…that was completely out of order. It didn’t warrant somebody coming over and slapping you.’ ‘But as a comic I realise it crossed a line, so I won’t be doing any jokes about Jada Pinkett,’ he added. Hours after the ceremony ended, the Hancock star issued a public apology to Chris on social media for his ‘unacceptable and inexcusable’ behaviour and has resigned from the Academy. And according to reports, the drama continues as Jada’s former flame August Alsina will be documenting their highly publicised ‘entanglement’ in a tell-all book. A week since the shocking moment, several celebrities and MPs have weighed in over the showdown that was hailed as ‘the ugliest moment in Oscars history.’ Actor Jim Carrey told US breakfast show CBS This Morning that he was ‘sickened’ that Will was applauded and allowed to give a six-minute speech after nabbing the best actor gong for King Richard. While journalist Piers Morgan revealed he would have acted in the same way if he was in Will’s shoes. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : This Morning’s Alison Hammond totally baffled after Phil Vickery admits he’s never had Nando’s: ‘You’re missing out babes’ MORE : Dr Hilary Jones slammed over ‘disgusting’ claim that ‘people with most serious eating disorders don’t go to restaurants’ amid menu calories debate 