Kim Kardashian has finally set the record straight on recent Photoshop controversies, notably whether she edited her boyfriend Pete Davidson’s face. The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star was said to have given the Saturday Night Live comedian a facelift in Instagram photos she shared of their latest date night. Some were convinced that Kim, 41, had slimmed down Pete’s jawline as it appeared to look different when they attended the Mark Twain Prize awards over the weekend. However, Kim seemed to be pretty amused by the speculation and wrote in her Instagram stories on Wednesday: ‘I guess Pete’s jawline is snatched!!!! Snatched to the point u guys thought I photoshopped it!!! One pic he’s laughing in mid convo!’ She then confessed: ‘Wait I did add a grainy filter tho.’ In the spirit of getting things off her chest, Kim then revealed why True Thompson was controversially Photoshopped over a photo of Stormi Webster at Disneyland. It all kicked off earlier this month when Khloe Kardashian admitted that photos shared by Kim, showing Chicago and True at the theme park, had actually been edited. Fans investigated and realised that it was actually Stormi whose face had been replaced. Well, Kim has our back and has settled the big debate while also sharing the original photo of Stormi. ‘The original pics were Stormi!’ she confirmed. ‘However I asked @kyliejenner if I could post them and she said she wasn’t really feeling posting at the moment and so I respect that!’ She then humorously confessed: ‘But it wasn’t going to mess up my IG feed. Chi was wearing pink and it matched perfectly.’ It’s believed that Kylie was taking a break from social media at the time of the Disneyland trip, in the wake of the Astroworld tragedy which saw a huge stampede leaving 10 people dead at her boyfriend Travis Scott’s music festival. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kardashian family files request to throw out ‘wildly speculative’ $100,000,000 Blac Chyna lawsuit MORE : Kim and Khloe Kardashian ‘threatened to walk away from KUWTK unless Blac Chyna spin-off was cancelled,’ court hears 