A new study conducted by Meatless Farm and Brakes found 39% of Brits are turned off by the word ‘vegan’ on food. Over half say they’re more likely to order something meat-free if it was labelled as ‘plant-based’ instead. There’s a culture shift in food and it’s long been known vegans get bad rap for their food choices, with even a vegan dating app being launched to avoid judgement from meat-eaters. Though there is a growing appetite to eat less meat and understand the environmental impact of eating meat further, there is a reluctance to be seen eating vegan food. Terminology is turning people off vegan food – and big chains have avoided the word too, as McDonald’s and Pret launched the McPlant burger and the Meatless Meatball Wrap respectively. Out and out veganism isn’t so fashionable, it seems – rather, it’s a blocker for many. Over a third feel vegan options often don’t sound appetising on menus and 20% think that food labelled as ‘vegan’ doesn’t sound like a treat, so preconceived ideas are informing food choices. Only half of people surveyed fully understood the meaning of the term ‘vegan’. Morten Toft Bech, Founder of Meatless Farm, said: ‘Food culture is changing, and with that we need to rethink social labels. ‘Whether you’re vegan or not, plant-based meat has advanced significantly over the last five years and appeals to a broad audience. ‘We’ve always been committed to encouraging more meat eaters to make the switch to plant-based meat, and these findings show that more people may join the veganism movement if wording is changed on menus. ‘The job at hand now is to entice as many people as possible to try a plant-based option and labelling vegan options as plant-based could be the ticket that really encourages people to go meatless more.’ The study also showed that if menus could reveal the carbon footprint of what they were eating, they’d be more likely to choose vegan options. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Vegans divided over new ‘chicken wings’ with realistic ‘bones’ MORE : We put Urban Decay’s new vegan mascara to the test MORE : Finally, vegan plane food to write home about on Qatar Airways’ business class – with no pre-order needed