A plan is underway to provide temporary accommodation for Ukrainians returning to their battered homes. As Russian troops retreat from besieged cities and towns, more civilians have chosen to come back to see what remains of where they lived. But many of their homes are in need of massive repairs, with broken windows and dangerous roofs making them uninhabitable. Viktor Andrusiv, an adviser to the Ukrainian Interior Minister, is now heading up an effort to get as many trailers and motorhomes into Ukraine as possible. Rather than shiver in windowless flats, families will instead be able to use the temporary accommodation until their homes are repaired. Then, the motorhomes can be moved onto other families. Mr Andrusiv told Metro.co.uk: ‘The key reason we started this project is because our people started to come back home, but their homes don’t have windows or have other problems. ‘These things can be repaired but it takes time and they don’t have anywhere to live when it is happening. ‘So this is a solution which means they can safely stay in a trailer until repair work is done, then we can move the trailer to another family where it is needed.’ Mr Andrusiv helped oversee the delivery of four trailers to Irpin this weekend. In some parts of the city, there’s barely a building or home which remains unscathed following Russian attack. Mr Andrusiv explained that volunteers are only taking trailers to areas where there are no more Russians in the territory. A website has now been launched in a bid to source more trailers or motorhomes for volunteers to drive into Ukraine. People can also choose to support the group financially through donations. For Mr Andrusiv, who stayed to defend Kyiv when the war broke out, global support for the project would be ‘hugely appreciated.’ The group’s aim is to source 1,000 trailers for 1,000 families. He added: ‘We have been developing humanitarian ideas, and this project is one of them. ‘We have already got four trailers to Iprin, it has started well. ‘I have always been proud of Ukrainians, and now there is even more pride seeing solidarity and how people help each other. And now that’s the wider world as well. ‘We have no other choice but to stay and do what we can. We need to keep fighting and believe in victory. ‘To get 1,000 trailers would cost maybe $5 million (£3.84 million). That sounds like a lot but it is not a large amount to a big company or corporation. ‘ You can support the project at https://www.etrailer.in.ua/ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.