The Easter school holidays are here – and while the sun was shining in March, there is no guarantee that will continue. April showers could potentially lurk at every turn, spelling potential disaster for outdoor events. Fear not, though, here is an array of things to do inside to keep youngsters entertained in all weathers from science, gaming and drama to pets and dragon-training. If the kids have spent too long stuffing their faces with chocolate perhaps it’s time to give them a workout at the National Army Museum? Its Play Base assault course will be open as usual featuring its soft play facilities. This Easter also sees the museum roll out its Giant Game: Cold War Edition – a life-size board game involving family-friendly Cold War-themed challenges, plus storytelling sessions and other events throughout the holiday. Tuesday to Friday at the National Army Museum. The Science Museum’s Wonderlab interactive exhibition is aimed at children aged seven to 14 and features a variety of activities aimed at revealing ‘the beauty of science and maths that shape our everyday lives’. Explore the power of gravity by going down a slide in the ‘forces zone’ or watch lightning hit a model plane in the ‘electricity zone’. The museum’s team of ‘explainers’ are also on hand providing science demonstrations throughout the day. The Museum’s Power Up exhibition will also appeal to children of all ages as well as adults – assembling some of the most popular video games and consoles from the past 50 years including Pong, Pacman, Minecraft and Mario. Play against friends in multiplayer showdowns, beat your family at Mario Kart or test out some recent virtual reality hits at this gaming extravaganza. Wonderlab takes place every Wednesday to Sunday; Power Up takes place from tomorrow to April 19, both at the London Science Museum. Based on the bestselling book by Julia Donaldson and Axel Scheffler, the stage adaptation of Zog And The Flying Doctors comes to the Southbank Centre. Watch as dragon-turned-air-ambulance Zog and pals Princess Pearl and Sir Gadabout provide assistance to a mermaid with sunburn, a unicorn with too many horns and a lion with flu. An adaptation of Ivor Cutler and Helen Oxenbury’s Meal One also comes to the centre, combining dance, music and augmented reality to tell the story of what happens when Helbert, his mum and his pets plant an out-of-control plum tree in his bedroom. Zog And The Flying Doctors is on stage from April 8 to April 10; Meal Ones is on stage April 14 and 15, both at the Southbank Centre. Smaller children with a fondness for fairytales will definitely want to go on Shrek’s Adventure – an interactive walkthrough where visitors experience tenfairytale-themed shows and meet characters including everyone’s favouritegreen ogre Shrek, Princess Fiona and Donkey. This Easter sees an additional How To Train Your Dragon attraction involving a baby dragon and a test of young fans’ ‘dragon conservation skills’ to save them from extinction. It’s happening tomorrow until April 24, at Shrek’s Adventure. Immersive experiences – being yelled at by enthusiastic young actors in car parks or disused former warehouses – have been a hit with adults for years and now cult sci-fi TV show Doctor Who is the latest to give fans the treatment. The Doctor Who: Time Fracture show sees 43 actors entertain visitors as they explore 17 different Doctor Who locations in order to help UNIT (the Unified Intelligence Taskforce) defeat a line-up of menacing monsters and ancient aliens, to close ‘the time fracture’ and save Earth. Those under 16 must be accompanied by an adult. Until September at Doctor Who: Time Fracture. Remember a dog isn’t just for Christmas, and they’re not just for Easter either – as this exhibition at the Horniman Museum in South London is on until October. The Cats And Dogs exhibition celebrates the contribution our 10.5 million cats and 12.5 million dogs make to UK society and showcases their skills, awareness and intelligence. Young visitors will come away with a better understanding of what life is like for our furry friends. Until Oct 30 at the Horniman Museum. Louis Pearl, AKA Amazing Bubble Man, has been demonstrating the brilliance of bubbles for 30 years and brings his show to the Leicester Square Theatre – where he will be serving up a cornucopia of bubbles, magic and jokesincluding square bubbles, giant bubbles, fog-filled bubbles and bubblevolcanoes. Happening from April 16 to April 18 at Leicester Square Theatre. Why not make the children do a bit of work for their entertainment at the Pedal Power Disco at the Southbank Centre? The disco is powered by the effort attendees put in to pedalling their stationary bikes – and the music stops if the little ones don’t put enough effort in. Get cracking. April 16 at the Southbank Centre. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : When is Easter 2022 and when are the Easter holidays this year? MORE : These are the best Easter activities that cost under £25 (for the whole family)