Nicola Sturgeon will not face police action after appearing to break her own rules on masks. Scotland’s first minister was seen without a face covering inside a barber shop while on the campaign trail on Saturday. There was still a legal requirement to wear masks in indoor public settings north of the border at the time. The FM’s apparent breach was revealed in footage posted on social media from East Kilbride, South Lanarkshire. Ms Sturgeon, who was seen mingling with customers in the shop, was reported to the police. She was spoken to by officers but will not be fined, Police Scotland confirmed. A force spokesperson said: ‘Local officers have spoken to the first minister to remind her of the importance of wearing a face covering when there is a legal requirement to do so. ‘Given the circumstances of this incident, Police Scotland is satisfied that no further action is necessary. ‘This is in line with our proportionate approach throughout the pandemic.’ Scotland’s mask laws have been repealed as of today, with the legal requirement downgraded to advice. Ms Sturgeon released a statement shortly after police said she’d face no further action, saying she ‘had forgotten’ to put her face covering on after invited in and ‘immediately’ put it on after realising. She continued: ‘However, I accept that not wearing a face covering even for a few seconds was an error on my part and I am sorry for that. ‘Having received complaints about the matter, Police Scotland made contact with me. ‘This is what they would have done with anyone else in these circumstances, and they were absolutely right to treat me no differently to any other citizen. ‘I explained that the error was inadvertent and the police have confirmed that the matter is closed.’ The first minister said she will continue to wear a mask ‘where this can help reduce the risk of infection’ and encouraged others to do so despite the change in the law. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.