Princess Bride actor Cary Elwes was rushed to hospital over the weekend after being bitten by a rattlesnake. The 59-year-old, who is set to start filming Zack Snyder’s Rebel Moon, was reportedly doing a spot of gardening near his home in Malibu on Saturday when he suffered the snake bite. Cary has since revealed he was bitten on his finger, tweeting a photo of it looking swollen and bruised and it was reportedly serious enough for him to be airlifted to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center. ‘Bit not by a ROUS but a rattlesnake. Grateful to the staff of Malibu Urgent Care, LA County Fire Dept. and the staff and medical professionals at @UCLAHealth for their great care. Am recovering well thanks to all these wonderful folks,’ he told his Twitter followers. Sources earlier said those around the actor were concerned his injuries could even be life-threatening, according to TMZ, hence the hospital dash. However, it was said that Cary will make a full recovery having received the treatment he needed in time. According to UCI Health, there isn’t much anyone can do once a person has been bitten by a rattlesnake. Symptoms caused by the bite include pain and swelling, and sometimes muscle twitching. So far, Cary seems to have recovered enough to still be active on social media, as he’s been busy replying to fans and retweeting posts since Saturday. The day before his alleged incident, Cary reshared a tweet from director Snyder who posted photos from the Rebel Moon set. ‘Day 1 #RebelMoon. It’s begun,’ he captioned the tweet, which included a shot of Djimon Hounsou in character and the production team setting up shots. Originally intended to be a Star Wars spin-off, Rebel Moon is said to be heavily inspired by the work of Japanese director Akira Kurosawa who was a major fan of George lucas. The fantasy adventure follows a group of villagers who send a young woman to seek out warriors from other planets to help them from the tyrannical armies that are terrorising their peaceful colony. In addition to Rebel Moon, Cary will also return to screens in Mission: Impossible 7, which he stars in alongside Tom Cruise, Rebecca Ferguson and Vanessa Kirby, with the anticipated sequel expected to hit cinemas in 2023. A release date for Rebel Moon is yet to be revealed. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Cary Elwes’ reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan dances by himself to 50 Cent’s In Da Club as he prepares to launch new show Uncensored on TalkTV MORE : Matthew Broderick recalls moment he knew Sarah Jessica Parker was ‘the one’ and it’s everything 