A long (and sunny!) Easter bank holiday weekend is the perfect time to do those things around the house and in the garden you’ve been putting off. For bigger DIY projects, you can check out B&Q and Homebase’s Easter opening times, but if you wanted to nip to a local garden centre, will anywhere be open? Here’s a round-up of Easter opening times for the likes of Dobbies, Notcutts and other garden centres. Most, if not all, Dobbies locations will be closed on Easter Sunday. All Dobbies shops are scheduled to be open under their normal hours once again on Easter Monday though. Check your local store’s opening hours online. Notcutts garden centres have locations all over the country, and they will be open on Easter Sunday. The location tool shows that the various stores dotted around are open from 10:30am until 4:30pm on Easter Sunday, returning to the usual opening hours of 9am-5pm on Monday. Opening times vary, but most Longacres garden centres open between 7am to 9am, and close between 5.30pm and 8pm. However, stores will be shut on Easter Sunday, reopening on the bank holiday Monday, when they are expected to follow normal opening hours. Check what your local store’s hours are online. Opening times vary depending on the store, but Squires locations will typically open 8am until 6pm. They are expected to stay open for Easter Sunday, with Sunday trading hours applying. So you’ll be able to shop from 10:30am to 4:30pm. They’ll reopen as normal on Easter Monday though, with most branches opening 8am until 6pm. If you’re unsure where your nearest Squires is, you can use the online branch finder. Hillier stores typically open from 9.30am to 5.30pm every week day and Saturday. It appears that nothing is changing over the Easter weekend, with hours for Easter Sunday showing that they’ll be open for usual Sunday trading hours. This means you may be able to shop from 10.30am to 4.30pm (open for browsing from 10am) like normal – but check your local store before leaving the house. Use Hillier’s online locator tool to do this. MORE : Are there any travel disruptions across the Easter weekend in London? MORE : Are supermarkets and shops open on Easter Sunday? Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Share your views in the comments below.