A female sniper has been hailed as a national hero after becoming a symbol of Ukrainian resistance against Russian invaders. Known simply as ‘Ugoliok’ which means ‘Charcoal’ and her true identity kept hidden, she has fought pro-Russian separatists in Donetsk and Luhansk since 2017. She has now issued a rallying call to Ukrainian troops after returning to the front line, The Times reported. ‘We must take them all out,’ said Charcoal. ‘These people are not human beings. Even the fascists were not as vile as these orcs. We must defeat them.’ She vowed to fight Putin’s invaders ‘to the very end’. Charcoal initially quit the army in January – but returned to the 35th infantry brigade of Rear Admiral Mykhailo Ostrogradsky just a month later due to the invasion of Ukraine. She has been compared to the legendary sniper Lyudmila Pavlichenko, a Ukrainian nicknamed Lady Death after she killed 309 Nazis in WWII. Pavlichenko is known as the most successful female sniper ever and was given her country’s highest award, the Hero of the Soviet Union. She appeared on postage stamps and met the three Allied leaders Churchill, Roosevelt and Stalin. A film was even made about her in 2015. It comes after it was reported last week one of Russia’s top snipers, nicknamed Bagira after the black panther in Rudyard Kipling’s The Jungle Book, was captured by enemy troops. Mum-of-two Irina Starikova, 41, was reportedly behind the deaths of 40 Ukrainians. But a week ago her own comrades saw she was wounded and left her to die, said Ukraine’s Obozrevatel news website. Bagira is believed to have served with Russian separatist forces as part of the 11th Specialised Special Operations Division in the Donetsk region in 2014. The Serbian is thought to have two daughters aged 11 and nine. She is said to be divorced from their dad and now married to a soldier from Belarus called Aleksandr Ogrenich. The 43-year-old is known as Gorynych – Slavic dragon – and is said to be wanted for a string of convictions and has previously served time in jail. He headed a separatist ‘intelligence unit’ in Donetsk from around 2014, and claims to have killed over 100 Ukrainians in fighting. The couple, who were recently pictured together relaxing between battles, together would have taken more than 140 lives if the claims are correct. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.