Rihanna is simply not here for anyone shaming her maternity-wear choices, as she prepares to give birth to her first child. The Umbrella singer, 34, confirmed her pregnancy earlier this year, with boyfriend A$AP Rocky, with their low-key announcement shoot instantly going viral. Since then, the Fenty mogul has managed to slay some show-stopping looks while making sure that her growing bump is as fashionable as she is. She isn’t about to change now as she edges closer to her due date, and instead wants to empower other expectant moms to bare their own stomachs going forward, urging them not to ‘hide’ their incredible figures. Alongside a stunning photoshoot for Vogue, in which her unborn baby was front and center, she said: ‘When I found out I was pregnant, I thought to myself, There’s no way I’m going to go shopping in no maternity aisle. I’m sorry – it’s too much fun to get dressed up. I’m not going to let that part disappear because my body is changing. ‘I’m hoping that we were able to redefine what’s considered “decent” for pregnant women. My body is doing incredible things right now, and I’m not going to be ashamed of that. This time should feel celebratory. Because why should you be hiding your pregnancy?’ As well as turning her back on a maternity wardrobe, Rihanna is making sure that she continues her pregnancy journey on her own terms, swapping a ‘traditional’ baby shower for an all-out co-ed party where everyone is ‘plastered and crawling out’. ‘No brunch, no blush tones. And no animal-shaped nothing,’ she said of possible plans. ’Personally, I want a party. I want everyone to be plastered and crawling out. And it’s got to be co-ed! Don’t put me on no wicker chair somewhere with gifts at my feet where everyone is staring at me.’ Someone get us on the guest list for that bash immediately. The Grammy-winner is not here for a gender reveal party, and questioned whether she was a ‘bad mom’ for not wanting any of the fuss. ‘I asked my doctor: Is something wrong with me for not wanting this? Because people keep asking me. Am I a bad mom? When we’re ready to tell the world, we’ll just tell them,’ she added. Rihanna and A$AP – who were first linked in 2020 – announced their baby news at the beginning of the year, sending us all into meltdown. The We Found Love singer has stopped short of sharing when their bundle of joy will be introduced, but previously said that she is in her third trimester. Ahead of the arrival, she revealed that ‘being on the verge of motherhood’ herself has ‘unlocked new levels of love and respect’, while marking her own mom’s birthday. Taking to Instagram, she took the opportunity to heap praise on ‘the true MVP’, telling fans earlier this month: ‘Today is my Queen’s birthday!!! ‘Being on the verge of motherhood, unlocked new levels of love and respect I have for my mommy in a way that I could never explain! ‘She’s the true MVP and I wanna give her her flowers every second I can! Love you mumzzzz!!! Happy Birthday! We gon celebrate on da link up!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Where are The Sweetest Thing cast now as film turns 20? From Cameron Diaz to Selma Blair and Jason Bateman MORE : Kourtney Kardashian can’t recall wedding to Travis Barker: ‘It was best night of my life that I don’t remember’