A few years ago, selling pictures of your toes or worn leather jackets to men from the internet was unheard of. These days however, with the rise of sex positivity and OnlyFans, women are making money from doing the most inconspicuous activities (like wearing a pair of socks, for instance). Now, one woman is making £12,165 ($20k CAD) per year selling pictures of her body hair. After Candace Cynthia, 32, was diagnosed with narcolepsy in 2018, she decided to ditch shaving in a bid to save energy and stave off fatigue. Although she was self-conscious at first, the mum-of-one quickly realised she could earn over £1,000 a month by selling photos of her body hair on OnlyFans. ‘I am often tired and fatigued so shaving my whole body wastes too much energy,’ Candace, from New Brunswick, Canada said. ‘Shaving has never been something that brings me joy, it wasn’t helping me as I would feel exhausted after. ‘I realised I was doing it for the comfort of other people.’ Now, selling photos of her leg hair, armpit hair and bikini line is her main source of income. Although female body hair is still a little taboo for some men, many are attracted to Candace’s body hair. ‘I have an OnlyFans page and my audience is largely centred around showing off my body hair,’ she said. While she won’t ‘rule out’ shaving forever, the Reiki teacher added: ‘it’s beneficial for me to keep [my body hair].’ As well as a full time income, embracing her body hair has had a ripple effect on Candace’s self-love. Over time, she says, she has managed to fall in love with herself. ‘I am now 100% comfortable in my own skin,’ says Candace. ‘I don’t expect everyone to stop shaving, it’s a personal choice and there’s many different options for women and men. ‘Everyone needs to make the choices that are best for them.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Seven common reasons couples argue (and how to deal with each issue) MORE : How take care of your body while working from bed MORE : Children are watching porn from age seven: How to talk to them about it – and why it’s important