All eyes are on lovebirds Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz this week, as the pair are due to walk down the aisle any day now in what’s expected to be a very lavish event. The 23-year-old son of David Beckham and Victoria Beckham will be marrying billionaire’s daughter Nicola after two years together. With more and more details emerging about the glamorous day, set to be one of the biggest showbiz weddings of the year, the couple is in a bigger spotlight than ever before. Having grown up in the limelight thanks to his famous parents, as well as godparents Sir Elton John and Elizabeth Hurley, Brooklyn has always taken centre stage even before he could walk as he featured in Posh and Becks’ early photoshoots as a baby. Two decades later, he’s grown his own social media following and has an impressive 13million Instagram followers as well as having featured in international campaigns. He’s even had a go with his own cooking show. As the eldest son of the former footballer and Spice Girl-turned-fashion-designer, Brooklyn has dipped his toes into various industries, from becoming his dad’s mini-me as a teen footballer, to copying his mum with a modelling career. Having begun following in Victoria’s footsteps since 2014, Brooklyn appeared in editorials and covers for Vogue China, Miss Vogue, and The New York Times Style Magazine. As well as the cover art of international publications, he became a brand ambassador for Huawei with their Honor 8 smartphone line, alongside Scarlett Johansson, Karlie Kloss and Henry Cavill. In 2016, aged 16, Brooklyn decided to swap posing in front of the camera to taking control of the lens, and photographed a campaign for Burberry BRIT, which was met with widespread criticism as some people in the industry branded his appointment nepotism. A year later, he announced he would be attending Parsons School of Design in New York for a photography degree, and published his first book of photography, titled What I See, shortly after. Fans weren’t too impressed by his photography, and Brooklyn faced a lot of backlash for some of the images featured in the collection. One of his pictures, of an elephant taken in the wild, went viral and faced a lot of online mockery. Brooklyn had captioned the picture: ‘elephants in kenya. so hard to photograph, but incredible to see.’ Other pictures and captions in his collection were also slammed by people online, with many mocking the blurry pictures. Now, with the rise of TikTok and an impressive social media following, Brooklyn’s taken to sharing cooking clips and pursuing a professional career as a chef. He even teamed up with Messenger for an eight-episode series titled Cookin’ With Brooklyn, following his journey to become a chef. However, he faced heavy criticism after it was revealed that one episode of the show in which he made a sandwich reportedly cost $100,000 (£74,000) to make. The eight-minute show also had a reported crew of 62 people to film him making a bagel sandwich with coleslaw, a hash brown and fried sea bream. In the show’s trailer, Brooklyn says: ‘My name is Brooklyn Beckham and I just love to cook… I am not a chef yet, this is the very start of my food journey.’ He continues: ‘I love making food for the people that I love and for the people I enjoy hanging out with. ‘I’m going to work my a**e off and see where I get, I’m getting goosebumps about it, I’m so excited.’ From his culinary career, heir to the Posh and Becks throne, and being a social media personality, Brooklyn’s net worth is reportedly $10million (£7.6million). Brooklyn’s lavish background is minor compared to that of his fiancée, the daughter of a billionaire whose net worth is reported to be $1.8billion (£1.4billion), who has donated to Donald Trump’s campaigns in the past, but has since claimed he’s sorry for voting for the former president. Nicola, who is four years older than Brooklyn, starred in Marvel’s Inhumans and in drama-thriller series Bates Motel. She’s also walked the runway for Alexander Wang at Paris Fashion Week in 2015, and appeared in music videos for Zayn Malik and Miley Cyrus. Like Brooklyn, Nicola comes from an all-star family, as the daughter of billionaire investor Nelson Peltz, and his wife former model Claudia Heffner. The actress is one of the youngest of their 10 children, who include actor Will Peltz, hockey star Brad Peltz and Diesel Peltz, CEO of social networking company Twenty and one of Forbes’ 30 Under 30 list for Consumer Technology in 2020. After their whirlwind romance, in July 2020, the couple announced that Brooklyn had proposed to Nicola just nine months after they began dating. The couple went ‘Instagram official’ with their romance in January that year and have been smitten on social media ever since. Two years down the line, the pair are preparing to wed, and although an actual date for the big day has never been confirmed, it’s been widely claimed that it will happen on April 9, just a few days away. Brooklyn and Nicola’s glitzy wedding is said to be costing a whopping $3 million, and is reportedly taking place at Nicola’s family estate in Florida, one of the many extravagant homes in the Peltz family real estate portfolio. The couple, who have been engaged for nearly two years, of course have an A-list guestlist, with rumours of  Gordon Ramsay, Madonna’s son Rocco Ritchie, model Gigi Hadid, Eva Longoria and Nicole Richie set to attend. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brooklyn Beckham reveals what he’s nervous about days before wedding to Nicola Peltz MORE : Brooklyn Beckham wedding preparations underway with huge marquees at fiancee Nicola Peltz’s $76,000,000 family mansion 