A peacock looking for love has made the lives of residents in a village hell for six years. The randy male bird, called Pete, headbutts cars, breaks into homes and leaves poo everywhere. Villagers in Seaton, near Hull in East Yorkshire, have even started calling it Conor McGregor after the former two-weight world champion. Dad-of-three Andi Ramsden, 42, said: ‘It’s been in the village for six years harassing people. ‘It sees its reflection and starts headbutting itself, it jumps at its reflection with its feet, it wakes my kids up, it’s constantly squawking at midnight, its just an absolute menace. ‘There’s bird poo everywhere.’ He explain how he leaves his conservatory door open so his cat and come and go as it pleases – but the peacock comes into his home. ‘It comes in and attacks the cat, leaves poo on the floor in the conservatory and you don’t want your kids touching that,’ Andi added. ‘It poos all over the cars. It headbutts them until its head bleeds. It’s crazy, it’s a nutter. ‘When it’s pecking at your car doors, it pecks the paint off and all it takes is for moisture to get underneath it and the whole door needs respraying. ‘It’s done the wing, the door, the back of the car.’ He said the peacock has done damage to his £12,000 BMW and £18,000 Audi. ‘It cries out at all times of the day, waking people,’ Andi added. ‘I go to work at 4.30am and its doing it then. You’d think I’d be up earlier than that but I’m not.’ Pete has been moved to a nearby farm with mate Philomena – but the bird keeps returning to the village. Local Nick Rollinson said: ‘Pete came home alone and has been searching for a mate ever since. ‘You can tell when he feels a bit randy because all his plumage is up. ‘He has a go at the newest and shiniest cars. He pecks and spits and usually ends up banging his head into the bodywork. ‘Most of the time the scratches will polish out but you can be talking about hundreds of pounds of damage if he’s really gone bonkers.’ Parish council chair David Atkinson said: ‘It’s mating season so he’s desperate for love.’ And Pete is not alone – residents of Corsham, Wiltshire, have also been complaining they have fallen victim to a frisky peacock which pecks at their cars. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.