Beer prices are set to rise again as a result of rocketing production costs. Heineken says drinkers will be forced to pay more for its pints amid various global economic challenges. That is despite the Dutch brewing giant – which also makes Sol, Desperados and Birra Moretti, amongst others – confirming that it sold more beer than expected over the past three months. The group said its net revenues had skyrocketed by 25% to £4.7 billion for the three months to March, thanks in part to boosts from higher pricing. Sales of alcohol in pubs and bars have increased as Covid restrictions eased. It is not the first time that Heineken has spoken out about its apparent need to increase prices. The company previously said this year that it had seen its costs soar due to commodity inflation and rising supply chain costs. The brewer, which also makes Amstel, said it would look to hike prices in order to keep on top of the costs, with more ‘significant headwinds’ predicted later this year. Russia’s war with Ukraine has also impacted the industry with a major spike in grain costs. Heineken’s chairman Dolf van den Brink said: ‘Looking ahead, we see more macro-economic uncertainty and expect significant additional inflationary headwinds putting further pressure on our cost base. ‘We will take additional actions including pricing to manage these challenges whilst we continue to invest in superior, balanced growth and sustainable value creation.’ Heineken added that beer sales volumes increased by 5.2% compared to last year, as the firm reported particularly strong growth in Europe due to the easing of pandemic rules. Mr Van den Brink added: ‘We had a solid start to the year, in line with our expectations, especially benefitting from strong channel mix from the partial on-trade recovery of Europe and assertive pricing across all regions.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Pub landlord barricades beer garden with fence after brewery kicked him out