Jameela Jamil has quit Twitter as billionaire Elon Musk is set to take over the site. Musk, who already runs SpaceX, Tesla and is involved with Neuralink and The Boring Company, this week reached an agreement to buy the platform for $44 billion (£34.5 billion). He claims he wants to champion ‘free speech’ on Twitter and ‘unlock’ its potential by ‘defeating the spam bots, and authenticating all humans.’ Musk’s declaration last week that he wanted to buy the site led to some mockery online from his critics, but his success means some are now considering leaving the site. The Good Place actress Jamil took to Twitter on Monday where she shared a series of snaps with the puppy she shares with boyfriend James Blake, and said it would be her last tweet. ‘Ah he got twitter,’ she wrote. ‘I would like this to be my what lies here as my last tweet. Just really *any* excuse to show pics of Barold.’ She continued: ‘I fear this free speech bid is going to help this hell platform reach its final form of totally lawless hate, bigotry, and misogyny. Best of luck.’ In an earlier tweet, Jamil had joked that she would leave the site and ‘stop being a complete menace’ when Musk takes over, joking it’s a ‘win win for you all’. She added she worried Twitter would ‘become a lawless space of bigotry , misogyny, and xenophobia and people who already have no money… being manipulated about crypto.’ It’s fair to say the businessman – currently the world’s richest person – was aware of the potential for a walkout. Writing hours before Jamil announced she was out, Musk said: ‘I hope that even my worst critics remain on Twitter, because that is what free speech means.’ The father-of-seven came to an agreement with Twitter to buy the platform after lengthy talks that started Sunday and went into Monday. While the agreement isn’t the final step to the deal, it means Musk is in the very last moments of acquiring the site. The SpaceX and Tesla boss is adamant Twitter needs to become a private company to make the necessary changes. ‘I believe free speech is a societal imperative for a functioning democracy,’ Musk said in his initial filing. ‘I now realize the company will neither thrive nor serve this societal imperative in its current form.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Elon Musk to buy Twitter for $44,000,000,000 as takeover bid is accepted MORE : Donald Trump hoped Elon Musk would buy Twitter but won’t return – will start using his own Truth Social instead 