A Scottish man has admitted to urinating on a child and shouting at sheep following a drunken argument with his partner. Thomas Degnan, 42, stormed out of the car at a petrol station near Gleneagle and walked around the back of the car to relieve himself. As he was doing so, he opened the door of another vehicle to find a nine-year-old child and continued to urinate before the boy’s mother drove off. Mr Degnan then stumbled onto the A9, drawing the carriageway to a standstill, before making his way to the central reservation where he began shouting at sheep. Perth Sheriff Court was told he had no recollection of the incident that happened on 29 May last year. Fiscal depute Bill Kermode told the court: ‘Staff at the filling station contacted police because he was shouting at her. He went to the rear of a car and urinated. Whilst continuing to urinate he walked round and opened a door. ‘It became obvious he was under the influence. He was shouting incoherently before returning to the forecourt. ‘He then stumbled onto the A9, causing vehicles to swerve, slow down and stop. He made his way to the central reservation before falling to the ground. ‘He then stood up and began crossing back to the filling station. He again caused vehicles to take evasive action. A staff member began to signal drivers to slow down to avoid an accident.’ Police reported to the scene to find him topless and incoherent, struggling to both walk and talk. Degnan, from Glasgow, admitted acting in a threatening or abusive manner at the petrol station, causing fear or alarm by repeatedly shouting and swearing and repeatedly striking the window of a vehicle occupied by a woman and a nine-year-old boy. He also admitted a second charge of assaulting the boy by urinating on him, and a third charge of ‘urinating in circumstances likely to cause annoyance to others’. Sheriff Francis Gill said: ‘Your behaviour during this incident was appalling. It is likely to have caused trauma to your partner and the children involved. ‘It is also good fortune that your actions did not cause harm to drivers who had to swerve to avoid you. You have no recollection of the incident because you were drunk. That’s no excuse.’ Mr Degnan was ordered to carry out 150 hours unpaid work and placed under social work supervision for 12 months. His lawyer said he and his partner are in a ‘much better’ place than they were during the incident, and he has not drank since. ‘He has not consumed any alcohol since this. He has no recollection of the offence due to his level of intoxication. He was on medication for a foot injury, which, combined with the alcohol, was not a good mix,’  said solicitor Pauline Cullerton. ‘He is very fortunate and thankful that no members of the public were injured as a result and he is very lucky he was not injured, given that he has crossed a very busy dual carriageway.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.