Erik ten Hag should attempt to mark his first summer in charge of Manchester United by signing Harry Kane and Declan Rice, according to Jamie Redknapp. Ten Hag, who has agreed to become United’s next manager on a three-year deal, will hope to bolster his squad at Old Trafford this summer. Under former boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and interim manager Ralf Rangnick, United have endured another disappointing campaign, sitting just sixth as the season draws to a close and failing to win any trophies for the fifth year in a row. Despite Manchester United’s struggles, Redknapp says ‘things could change quickly’ at Old Trafford if Ten Hag is able to bring in some quality signings, starting with Tottenham striker Kane and West Ham midfielder Rice. Kane has been heavily linked with a move away from Spurs in recent years and was close to joining United’s arch-rivals Manchester City last summer, while Rice has attracted interest from some of the biggest clubs in England after thriving for the Hammers. ‘Ten Hag will need to have a look at the players he wants to keep,’ Redknapp told Sky Sports. ‘As bad as things are at the moment, things can change quickly with one or two good signings. ‘Who do you get? It’s not easy but the ideal one is Declan Rice, and West Ham fans won’t thank me for this. ‘You want good, honest pros who can really play, people like Rice. That’s the market they’ve got to be looking for, that can work hard in training and play the right way. ‘Could you go and get Harry Kane from Tottenham this summer? I’m not saying he’s going to leave but that’s the sort of player you are going to need, players that will come in and set the right culture.’ Before he becomes Manchester United’s fifth permanent manager since Sir Alex Ferguson, Ten Hag looks set to guide Ajax to a third Eredivisie title this season. Redknapp believes Rangnick’s future role as an advisor will help the Dutchman judge the lay of the land once he arrives at Old Trafford. He added: ‘Football managers all have egos; they all believe they can turn this around. You look at the fanbase, the size of the club, the history. ‘How could you say no to Manchester United? A few years ago, this would have been the dream job for him. ‘Of course it is going to be difficult. He is going to have to work really hard, he is going to have to look at the players and, in the nicest possible way, he has got a spy there already looking at the club, how it is run, the way the players conduct themselves day in, day out. ‘He will have a real insight when he goes in there, which will be extremely helpful for him. ‘Ralf Rangnick has come out and said they might need 10 new players – who knows what will happen? But he needs time and he needs patience, the fans to get right behind him. ‘He has got that aura, especially with the job he has done at Ajax, and I do believe he will do a good job there, but he is going to need time.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 