We’re looking to be savvier than ever when it comes to our energy bills. So it’s good to be aware of different things that can add up – especially with UK energy prices at record levels. From the most expensive appliances to run, to how much each one costs per use – it’s a good idea to be clued-up on where our money is going. One huge contribuer to household bills is our central heating, so there are a number of other things we can do to ensure we don’t waste money on heat – from excluding drafts to double glazing. An electric or portable heater is another thing that springs to mind – but are these cheaper to use than heating? Experts have shared everything to know. It seems the short answer is no. Experts say that putting an electric, portable heater on over central heating will cost people more. An expert at energy contract comparison site Bionic says: ‘Using an electric heater will cost about twice as much as using your central heating – but it can also depend on how much of your house you’re choosing to heat.’ Sarah Broomfield, an energy expert at Uswitch.com, agrees and breaks down how much roughly it costs. She says: ‘An average 2kW electric heater will cost you £1.12 to run for two hours, making it a very expensive option when it comes to heating your home. ‘Radiators running off a gas boiler are a cheaper way to heat your home in general.’ If you have gas central heating it’s around 4.65p an hour, or electric central heating is 16p per hour. However, there are a few instances where it might be better to choose an electric heater – like if you are just heating one room in the house. Heating expert Jess Steele, from BestHeating, says: ‘There are many factors which can make an electric heater cheaper to run, like if you forget to turn off radiators if you go out or in rooms you aren’t in – but this isn’t being savvy with your bills. ‘A heater can also prove economical depending on the location of the property, the type of house and how well insulated it is.’ It’s worth pointing out that all electric heaters are considered to be 100% efficient, because they turn all the electricity they use into heat. But, as stressed above, this does not mean they are cheap to run. Heat pumps – which are built as part of your heating and cooling systems and are installed outside your home –  are thought to be one of the most energy-efficient heating options you can buy. While all electric heat is 100% efficient, these use heat from the environment to provide warmth to your home which, in some cases, means you get more heat output than you put into the system. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to stay warm at night without a heater MORE : These five kitchen appliances are the worst for your energy bills MORE : Why are energy bills going up?