Get set, folks – Monday is here again and it’s time to get as prepared as you can. Keep planning ahead, Pisces. Don’t be too hasty with that new financial matter, Libra. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for today, April 25, 2022. Read on for your star sign’s forecast. March 21 to April 20 There are elements showing up that might inspire you to start a side-hustle, and so enhance your income. But there are subtle forces at work that could encourage you to be kinder to yourself. The focus on dreamy Pisces, can be a call to relish a massage or spa treatment, or to relax in the bath. This isn’t a time to push yourself too hard Aries. Instead, focus on tying up loose ends. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 The coming days can see you taking part in conversations that could have a profound effect on you. Upbeat encounters might encourage you to reflect on beliefs, and change your perspective on important issues. It is also possible that some of your ideas may turn another’s life around. Need to resolve an ongoing issue Taurus? Deep down you likely already know what to do. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Events may occur without you seemingly initiating them. And if so, this might be because of the energy of the coming Solar Eclipse. This potent lunar phase could bring encounters and opportunities that you hadn’t expected, and which are a pleasant surprise. If you’ve helped others in the past, this can be their way of showing gratitude. In which case, accept and enjoy! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 With the Moon in Pisces and your sector of far horizons, you may want to involve another in an outing or new experience. This can be one of those days when everything seems to flow smoothly. You’ll feel good in yourself and want to extend this to others. A side of you could be in seeker mode Cancer, and ready to explore ideas that might take your life to a positive new level. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Your charisma and ability to lead others may be very much to the fore. Yet they are also tempered by softer more sensitive energies, enabling you to respond to the subtleties of key situations. Your idealistic and imaginative approach could prevent you from dealing directly with the facts of a matter, which is very important if you are eager to make good progress. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 It’s easy to be swept up by others and their plans. You might decide it’s simpler to go along with them than say no. Harness your powers of discrimination Virgo, as there are opportunities showing up that you’ll want to take advantage of. For this, you’ll need to move fast when required. Whatever you get involved with, be sure you have an exit strategy you can use. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Good news may come your way regarding a business or financial matter, but don’t immediately jump to celebrate until you check it out. It won’t hurt to do some research just to be sure. There might be subtle strings attached to an offer that you really need to know about, Libra. Even so, by understanding the score, you could make a counter offer that actually works for you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Finding a renewed interest in a fun activity can be a source of joy and relaxation, and all the sweeter for connecting with it on a whim, Scorpio. You might get so much more out of it, if you join up with like-minded others though. You’ll find support, the chance to share experiences and possibly romance, all of which could set you up for sociable and very pleasant times ahead. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 The easiest way to deal with emotional issues may be to take a step back if you can, as what seems like a difficulty might contain the seed of a new beginning. For it to sprout though, you could need to make decisions that aren’t driven solely by feelings. And you may need to let go of something that no longer works for you. Getting some distance can give you a new perspective. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You may prefer to go with the flow and accept almost everything that crosses your path, but discrimination could also play a big part in navigating the days ahead in a positive way. This will apply if certain others think nothing of intruding on your plans. One approach Capricorn, is to make aspects of your schedule non-negotiable. You’ll be more productive if you can do this. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 With four planets and the Moon in Pisces in your money zone, you may be having all kinds of ideas about how to make the best of your financial situation. Feelings could be running high too, which is why it helps to have a sound strategy. Still, your morale can be boosted by an offer or opportunity that might increase your income, and it could involve your home or other property. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 The Sun in steadying Taurus, could find you busy getting organized and setting your priorities. Tempted to skip this and take things as they come? It won’t help, as setting intentions and having goals can assist you in getting ahead. It’s important to keep moving forward, even if you don’t feel like it. Once you see the progress you are making, you’ll be ready to step up your efforts. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness