Boxing legend Mike Tyson has shared a rather bizarre – and very grim – theory that homeless people are being hunted by the rich for sport. Chatting with controversial podcaster Joe Rogan on Friday, the 55-year-old – nicknamed Iron Mike – covered all manner of topics in their conversation, including his pet tigers and thoughts on current boxers Tyson Fury, Anthony Joshua and Deontay Wilder. However, things took a particularly dark turn after Tyson, who smoked marijuana with Rogan during their interview, shared that he ‘really believes’ some rich people kidnap victims of homelessness to hunt them down for sport on their estates. Initiating the topic, Tyson, who sells cannabis edibles in the shape of former opponent Evander Holyfield’s ear, which he famously bit, began: ‘Whatever you think a human did to another human being – it happened.’ As Rogan asked, ‘Somewhere in history?’, Tyson responded: ‘Yeah, and sometimes these special camps and stuff, it happens. These people own these thousands of acres and nothing grows on ‘em.’ Seemingly warming up to the idea, Rogan said: ‘Right, weird ranches where people do rituals and s**t.’ ‘Might want to hunt a motherf*****,” Tyson added, with Rogan conceding that it was ‘not outside the realm of possibility’. ‘I guarantee you there’s been someone, somewhere in the world who paid someone to hunt a person,’ Rogan continued on his podcast, The Joe Rogan Experience. ‘I guarantee you that’s happened!’ This is when Tyson then fully introduced his theory and explained: ‘This is what happens: they take these homeless people off the streets. Put ‘em in there, take them to one of those special hospitals. ‘[Then] they take them from the hospital, all drugged up, take ’em to these large estates, property – “let’s hunt” – Run!’ Continuing on the topic, former UFC commentator Rogan referenced 1924 short story, The Most Dangerous Game, which follows a big game hunter from New York City who ends up being hunted for sport by Russian oligarchs on a private island in the Caribbean. Boxer Tyson didn’t pick up on the novel, but instead asked Rogan if he knew ‘the only reason we hunt the fox’, to which he guessed ‘their fur’. With Tyson agreeing and explaining that a fox is ‘the only one that back tracks’, he suggested hunters were looking for a new test     . Claiming that foxes were ‘the only challenging chase, everything else is too easy’, he added: ‘So now, they say, “Well the fox is the most reasonable animal, let’s try a human animal, see how reasonable he is.”’ ‘Guaranteed!’ Rogan agreed in reply. ‘They want to challenge reasonability,’ Tyson concluded. This is not the first time the former world champion has said something a bit eyebrow raising though, with his infamous revelation that he ‘died’ from tripping on psychedelic toad venom – but has since done it dozens of times more. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp tells court he was ‘more inspired’ to use drugs and alcohol due to Amber Heard’s behaviour MORE : Josh Groban still wearing a mask on planes because he ‘uses his lungs for a living’ 