Maybe this hasn’t been the best week ever – but the stars can help you end it on a high note nonetheless. Release those tensions, Pisces. And give disagreements some time to cool off, Aries. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, April 10, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 Mercury’s angle with Pluto, may find you annoyed if you don’t agree with someone’s ideas. The desire to say exactly what you think could be strong. Yet if you do, you might alienate this person for a long time to come. Is this what you want? While you may not feel ready to compromise today, things can change soon. By next week, you might have found a solution. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Feel put on the spot? If so Taurus, just stick with the facts or the truth, and you’ll be fine. Issues can arise if you have told a small white lie to get out of a difficult situation. It might come back to haunt you. On the other hand, Mercury’s angle to Pluto, could coincide with a desire to expose a situation you feel strongly about. Be sure this is the best way to deal with it before going ahead. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Have an instinct that something needs looking into? If so, the current line-up could spur you on to find out more. An awkward angle suggests you’ll find out something that you really needed to know. What you do about it, is another matter. Plus, with light-hearted vibes showing up, there is ample opportunity for delightful meetings and outings, with a chance to reminisce, Gemini. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 If you don’t agree with something, you’ll need to say so, Cancer. Otherwise, you’ll have to put up with the consequences. As key planets square off, your desire to get your point across could seem urgent. Whoever this involves, the sooner you draw that all-important line in the sand, the better. Plus, you may be inspired to connect with a teacher or a teaching that opens new doors. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 The Moon in your sign means it’s time to give yourself some leeway, especially if you’ve been overdoing it lately. What do you feel about the key issues going on in your life? If you haven’t had time to tune in, then try it now. You may get a clear understanding of why things are as they are, and what you can do about it. Plus, a friend might have some news you’ll be pleased to hear. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Getting too emotionally involved in matters could prove overwhelming and draining. While refusing to get drawn into such situations, can leave you at peace. A major aspect involving Mercury, hints that you may be preoccupied with a matter that won’t go away. Looking for a respite? Involving yourself with new people and activities might help put it in perspective. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You may not be in the mood to bite your tongue and spare someone’s feelings, if a conflict has been building between you. It could come to a head, and as stubborn as you might feel about an issue, rest assured, they feel just the same. Want this relationship to continue? You’ll need to find a way out of this impasse. If you aren’t too bothered, then it can be goodbye for now, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 With the Moon scudding across your sector of ambition and responsibility, and merging with key planets, both head and heart may be focused on the tasks you need to do, to keep things on the move. More urgent matters can also be on your mind, and perhaps you need to be kinder to yourself in this regard. With Mercury in Aries, you’ll want to speed up, but try to slow down. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Lunar ties can be a call to connect the dots and put things in perspective, so that you know where you’re going. Yet Mercury’s angle with Pluto, could make you hyper-critical, and you might blame yourself for anything that’s gone wrong. Even so Archer, over the coming weeks you’ll realise this isn’t true, and that everything is currently working towards the best outcome. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 While certain plans might be speeding to a happy conclusion, there may be one that appears to have come to a halt. If things have reached a dead-end, then you could be more than ready for a breakthrough. Paradoxically, this can happen not by overthinking things, but by allowing your deeper wisdom to emerge. Some downtime might allow your natural genius to come to the fore. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Connecting with people online and off, could give you much food for thought. With a strong focus on your sector of communication, you may benefit from getting to know someone with a sassy approach to life. Their uncompromising honesty and courage might fire you up to rethink some of your ideas and principles. What you learn from them can be priceless, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 If there’s been an imbalance of give and take in your life, a Mercury/Pluto angle could encourage some discussion. Have tensions been building? If so, this alignment might cause feelings to spill over. Yet the right words used skilfully may quickly soothe a situation, and help you find ways to resolve it. Don’t be too quick off the mark to voice your irritation, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness