On April 26 we experience a rare astrological event – a Pisces Stellium. A Stellium is when three or more planets are in the same sign. This brings their influences together under the collective power of the sign in question – loving, compassionate, imaginative Pisces in this case. Jupiter, Neptune, Venus, the Moon, Mars and the asteroid Juno will all be in Pisces this week – it’s a Pisces Party. This astro-combo brings powerful manifesting and can-do energy to the dreams that genuinely make your heart beat faster. This means April 26 is the day to brainstorm, mindmap, daydream, journal your fantasies, let your imagination run riot… this is about seeking the ideas on this day, rather than kick-starting them into action. Get your ideas lined up. What you dream up now could bring hope to your whole 2022. Wondering what to focus on? Tarot and astrology are here to help, with a tarot reading for all star signs ahead. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries: Nine of Cups Meaning: Wow, the wish-come-true card of the tarot – so this Pisces Stellium is major for you, Aries. Literally, anything could be possible in 2022. The higher you aim, the better the outcome, there is nothing which can stop you if you focus on your most heartfelt and inspiring wish. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus: Queen of Swords Meaning: You wish to create something yourself, a solo project, a mission led by yours truly. It could be a creative project, a new role you shape yourself, an entrepreneurial endeavour or a freelancing change of career. The Queen of Swords shows it requires your intellectual best, and will be equally challenging and rewarding (as all good things are). Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini: Nine of Swords Meaning: You know your mental energy can be frenetic, overwhelming, and jagged at times. You always need to relax, comfort, and soothe your nerves, and find grounding. The Nine of Swords shows you have a brainwave about how to make yourself feel more at peace and calm in everyday life, a new lifestyle tweak or ritual. It’s a life-changing lightbulb moment, so don’t ignore this wonderful idea. Make it happen for yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer: The High Priestess Meaning: You are a deeply psychic and intuitive person and you’ve long nursed the desire to take up an esoteric art and practice your skills. This Stellium, research some ideas for classes, or self-taught arts, which can help you to tap into your gifts – tarot, astrology, pyromancy, mediumship, meditation etc. The High Priestess is ready to welcome you to the other side. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo: The Tower Meaning: From disaster can come forth great triumph – there is no better story than The Comeback. The Tower shows you can dream a dream about a major loss or setback from your past being reversed, and your position vindicated, you being shown as the winner at last. What mistake or regret would you like to do over? You can. Put your mind to making it happen. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo: Seven of Swords Meaning: Your daydream is to be able to protect yourself from something in your life which has shown it’s got the power to hurt or undermine you – this could be a person, a role, an obligation, a job, an inner self-belief. It’s something that sabotages your peace of mind, and I am happy to say, with the Seven of Swords, you will receive the insight as to how you can quell its influence for good this Stellium – liberating you from its grip. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra: Six of Swords Meaning: Sometimes our greatest ambitions are about being able to leave something, or someone, behind and for the transition to be smooth, easy and pain-free. The Six of Swords grants you this wish, this Stellium. Put your mind into a grand departure you wish to embark upon – now is the right time. Your worst fears won’t come to pass, all will go well. Activate this now. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio: The Fool Meaning: The Universe wants you to turn the page and embark upon your most marvellous and inspiring adventure to date – the sky’s the limit. The Fool is the tarot’s first card and patron saint of new beginnings, ones which are totally in your own gift, and which are inspiring and hopeful. Start a new chapter. Go big! You can create a new lifestyle from this moment on. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius: The Emperor Meaning: Want to be the boss? Sure you do. No Sagittarius enjoys being told what to do, when, and how. The Emperor grants you the power and wherewithal to get to the top, take the lead, and be in control of your career. If you dream of entrepreneurial adventures then this is in scope too. Dream about a life where you’re the boss, and then start making it a reality. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn: Four of Swords Meaning: You are such a hard worker, most of your waking thought goes into making money, staying secure, how to be efficient, what’s next, etc. It’s tiring. This Stellium, put some thought into how you consciously recharge your batteries. You often run on empty. Imagine what you could achieve if you were better rested and firing on all cylinders more often? Daydream how to relax fully, rest deeply, and recharge those batteries quicker. Do yourself this favour. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius: Ten of Coins Meaning: You want the nice house, the good car, the best equipment and stuff, nice holidays and a healthy bank account. Don’t we all? The Ten of Coins shows you have the insights right now as to how you can maximise your skills and strengths to make the most money possible. You’re not fulfilling your full potential, but you can imagine how you might. And these daydreams are worth pure gold! Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces: Ten of Swords Meaning: This Stellium brings the permission, encouragement, and reassurance to let some things (which you don’t like or want any longer) go for good. The Ten of Swords sees you carrying too much weight, mentally and emotionally. You care too deeply about things which are outside of your circle of influence, and it eats you up. Let it all go. Free yourself from unnecessary mental torture. Doing so will make life feel so much easier. Gift yourself mental freedom from pain and pointless worry. Be happy. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of April MORE : Everything you need to know about dating an Aries MORE : What type of traveller you are, based on your star sign – and your ideal holiday