Incredible footage shows the moment surgeons removed a bullet from a Ukrainian soldier’s heart as it was still beating. A team of doctors from Ukraine and Belarus fought to save the fighter’s life at Feofaniya Hospital in Kyiv. The patient’s heart can be seen pulsating as medics carefully make incisions and use tools to gently pull out the round. Many of us would probably call it a day after such a close brush with death, but the soldier is still ‘eager to fight’ to defend his country, according to local reports. Not long after the procedure, he was seen back on his feet and smiling a he stood beside the team who saved his life. Among the doctors was Belarusian Maksim Paulouski, whose steady hands ensured the soldier can fight another day. ‘These are the “special operations” I like to see. I hope he recovers quickly and kudos to the medical team’, one person commented on Twitter. Another added: ‘These medical staff work day & night to save lives, very different to those who revel in inflicting pain & spreading fear. ‘If only all humans aspired to be like these heroes. Wonderful people, God Bless you all.’ It comes as Ukrainian officials claim Russia has deployed a chemical weapon on the besieged city of Mariupol. Troops were said to be suffering dizziness, breathing problems and other symptoms from the ‘unknown substance’, which was said to have been dropped by a drone. Ukrainian media cited the far-right Azov Battalion, who said Russia had used a ‘poisonous substance against Ukrainian troops in Mariupol’. Britain’s Foreign Secretary said her department is working with partners to verify the allegations. She tweeted: ‘Reports that Russian forces may have used chemical agents in an attack on the people of Mariupol. We are working urgently with partners to verify details. ‘Any use of such weapons would be a callous escalation in this conflict and we will hold Putin and his regime to account.’ Asked what that escalation might mean, Armed Forces minister James Heappey said ‘all options are on the table’. Last month, US President Joe Biden said NATO ‘would respond’ if Russia uses chemical weapons in Ukraine, but he did not specify that that might mean. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.