Boris Johnson is ‘mortified’ at being fined by police for flouting Covid rules and didn’t mean to break the law, Grant Shapps has said. The Transport Secretary and other cabinet ministers are rallying around the Prime Minister as he faces calls to resign over Partygate. Yesterday it was revealed Johnson had been fined by the Metropolitan Police over a birthday party in No 10’s cabinet room. Chancellor Rishi Sunak also got caught out for breaking the rules and was reportedly talked out of quitting so as not to make the PM look bad. As reports emerged of numerous boozy bashes at Downing Street and Whitehall during lockdown, Johnson consistently said ‘all the guidelines were observed’ – when investigators clearly think otherwise. Johnson has insisted he intends to continue in post, despite many people saying his position is untenable for disregarding rules he helped make, which he urged the public to follow. When asked how the Prime Minister can ‘possibly remain in office’, Shapps told Sky News: ‘Everyone is human, people sometimes make mistakes. ‘He wasn’t there for the 50 events that you are referring to, of course, and many times he was wasn’t even in the building.’ The Transport Secretary added: ‘It has been a very high-profile job and quite rightly, the police are investigating, they independently come to their their view. ‘He has apologised, he has accepted responsibility. He has paid a 50-quid fine. ‘The question I suppose, your question goes to the heart of, you know, did he set out to do this? Was it something that was done with malice, with intent? ‘And the answer of course, is no. It’s something that happened in error, and as I have said, I’ve spoken to him, he is incredibly embarrassed by the whole thing. ‘He knows that it was stupid, indefensible. But he didn’t set out to break the law, and he has paid the fixed penalty notice fine, and has a very big job to do.’ Defending the PM on BBC Breakfast, Shapps said: ‘You can’t go back in time and you have to judge people on everything that they do, including the good things – being the first country in the world to develop a vaccine, to vaccinate everybody, to get the additional booster vaccination out, to get the economy growing faster as we come out of lockdowns faster than any other country in the world. ‘All of those things were the prime minister’s achievements, as is the way he is leading the world in the response to the Ukraine situation. I judge people in the round.’ Yesterday it was revealed that the PM’s wife, Carrie Johnson, has also been fined for attending her husband’s birthday party on June 19 2020. The Metropolitan Police has now identified 50 people to be fined over lockdown-breaking parties in Downing Street and Whitehall. It has meant Johnson is the first serving Prime Minister in Britain to be found to have broken the law. In a televised statement yesterday evening, the Tory leader said: ‘I once again offer a full apology. I accept in all sincerity that people have the right to expect better.’ When asked if he would resign, Johnson said: ‘I want to be able to get on and deliver the mandate that I have, but also to tackle the problems that the country must face right now.’ The Chancellor has also paid his fine and issued an ‘unreserved apology’ several hours after the Prime Minister’s. He said: ‘I deeply regret the frustration and anger caused, and I am sorry.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.   