Tom Parker’s wife Kelsey delivered a heartbreaking eulogy at The Wanted singer’s funeral, following his death at the age of 33. The singer’s funeral took place on Wednesday at Petts Wood, South London with his widow, Kelsey Parker, inviting his grieving fans to pay their respects. Kelsey had said it ‘would be beautiful to have everyone line the route as we head to our private service.’ She added that people would be welcome to stand outside of the church for the duration of the private service which was relayed on screens. Parker, who was also a father-of-two, died on March 30 after battling a stage four brain tumour. Kelsey was pictured arriving at the service and looked emotional while being flanked by two loved ones on either side for support. The Wanted members – Max George, Nathan Sykes, Jay McGuiness and Siva Kaneswaran – were also seen looking solemn as they walked to the church. They acted as pallbearers carrying Parker’s casket into the church, while Oasis song Champagne Supernova played on speakers. In her pre-recorded eulogy that was played in the church, Kelsey recalled how she met Parker in a nightclub before he became famous, and told everyone that she was ‘wanted to marry Tom Parker’. Drawing laughter, she then revealed: ‘Tom told me he was going to be famous and wouldn’t have time for a girlfriend, but he wouldn’t leave me alone.’ Kelsey continued: ‘I will treasure every memory because life with you was never dull. You were always coming up with songs, new game shows and we all know how much you loved an invention – I bet you were gutted you never made it on Dragons’ Den. ‘Marrying you was the best day of my life… soulmates, that’s what we are.’ Outside St Francis of Assisi church, flowers spelled out the words ‘Glad You Came’, the title of The Wanted’s 2011 hit that went to number one in multiple countries. Other flowers spelling out the word ‘Daddy’ adorned the side of the carriage while a flowered sign that spelled the word ‘Tom’ in red roses was attached to the front. Former One Direction star Liam Payne arrived to a round of applause from fans as they waited for the service to be live-streamed on screens on outside, while ex-Towie star James Argent arrived with a group of other mourners. Once the funeral service got underway, The Wanted’s Max delivered a heartfelt speech in which he described Parker a ‘brother’ whose passion for music ‘outmatched all of us’. Beginning with a joke in reference to the group being pallbearers, Max quipped: ‘I could actually hear him saying, “It’s about time”, as he carried us for the last 12 years.’ Max went on to share fond memories of ‘punch-ups’ with the late singer, and added: ‘I could say so much about Tom. One thing I will always remember is his laugh. He loves laughing at people and we experienced that every day. ‘He has left us far too early and we will miss him so much. The people outside, the people all around the world, is a credit to him. Rest easy mate.’ Some of his devastated fans were seen wiping away tears as they gathered with other mourners. Ahead of the service, receptionist Chloe Mayne, a self-professed ‘super-fan’ of the late singer, told PA: ‘It was amazing seeing him [perform live]. It’s horrible that I saw him at the O2 and then two weeks later he died. ‘The day he died it really hit me. To be fair I don’t think anyone was expecting it that quickly, I thought he’d have at least another Christmas and maybe next year.’ Mayne added: ‘Most shows he did one song on the tour but at the O2 he did two because I think his kid was there – he did Gold Forever and Glad You Came. ‘He was sitting in a chair but it was amazing, it looked like he was having the time of his life.’ Parker disclosed in October 2020 that he had been diagnosed with stage four glioblastoma and had begun radiotherapy and chemotherapy. The musician spent the remainder of his life raising awareness of brain tumours and money for research to fight them. Glioblastoma is a grade four brain tumour. It is an aggressive type of cancer that forms from cells called astrocytes that support nerve cells and can occur in the brain or spinal cord. Following Parker’s diagnosis, he underwent 30 rounds of chemotherapy and 30 radiotherapy sessions, as well as physiotherapy to rebuild the strength in his left side after the tumour caused it to weaken. In February, he went to a private hospital in Spain to receive treatment for his tumour. The positive impact of Parker sharing his health battle publicly was felt across the country. Kevin George and Susan Potter, whose eldest son Daniel died from an astrocytoma Grade 3 brain tumour at the age of 22 in 2018, were among those waiting outside the church on Wednesday. Asked whether Parker’s campaigning for brain tumour research in his final months had affected her, Potter, who was carrying a framed picture of her son, said: ‘Of course it did, especially the BBC One interview that they did and the way he dealt with it. It was exactly how my son dealt with it – exactly.’ George added: ‘It’s good. It is raising the profile as well. He has raised a lot of money for research, which is what it needs. ‘A lot of other cancers have almost been eradicated. They need to have more research into brain tumours.’ In the weeks before his death he had performed on stage with his bandmates as part of their much-delayed reunion tour. Parker’s fellow bandmates, Ed Sheeran, Spandau Ballet’s Martin Kemp and Howard Donald of Take That were among the figures from the world of music who paid tribute to the singer after news of his death broke. Fans also bid farewell at a memorial in Newcastle created for the late star. Following Parker’s death, Kelsey created a GoFundMe page to ‘keep Tom’s memory alive forever’ via donations to charitable causes instead of sending flowers and cards. The page exceeded its £5,000 target within the first 12 hours and so far has received more than £51k worth of donations. The Wanted’s song Gold Forever also re-entered the charts for the first time in 11 years. Parker and Kelsey had been married since 2018 and welcomed their son, Bodhi, in October last year. Their daughter, Aurelia Rose, was born in 2019. MORE : Tom Parker’s wife Kelsey thanks fans for helping the family through ‘most difficult time’ before funeral MORE : Tom Parker’s wife Kelsey invites fans to pay their respects to late Wanted star outside private service 