A devastated dad is mourning the death of his family after they were wiped out by pitiless Vladimir Putin’s forces. Yury Glodan, who only survived because he went to the shops, shared a heartbreaking tribute to his wife Valeria, 27, and their three-month-old baby Kira. ‘My dear ones, Kingdom of Heaven! You are in our hearts,’ he posted along with some touching pictures after they were killed in the missile strike on Ukraine’s southern port city of Odesa on Saturday. The tiny baby was also slain beside her grandmother Liudmila Yavkina, 53, when a Russian Tu-95 strategic bomber targeted their 14-storey flat block. In March, Valeria, a journalism student and brand manager, had told Instagram followers her pregnancy was ‘the best 40 weeks’. She posted: ‘Our girl is a month old now. Papa gave her her first flowers. It’s a new level of happiness.’ Ukraine’s president Volodymyr Zelensky — holding a press conference in an underground station serving as an air raid shelter in the capital Kyiv — condemned the killings. ‘The war started when this baby was one month old,’ he said. ‘Can you imagine what is happening? They are just bastards. I don’t have any other word for it.’ At least eight people died in the attack on Odesa, a port city which had returned to some normality and welcomed refugees. Russia later claimed it had targeted a store of weapons sent by the West. But Mr Zelensky’s adviser Anton Gerashchenko said: ‘Odesa will never forgive the murder of its children. It was a holiday, the Saturday before Easter, so there were children playing in the yard — there was laughter, there was life. ‘But the Russian bastards don’t have an Easter ceasefire — they aim at peaceful cities, unarmed civilians, innocent children. Hatred is filling our hearts.’ At least 216 children have died so far, including two girls aged five and 14 whose home in Donetsk was hit yesterday. Mr Zelensky also accused Russia of using mass graves to hide tens of thousands of civilian deaths in Mariupol. Ukraine’s last fighters in the south-eastern port city are now under continuous bombardment in the sprawling Azovstal steel works. Days after Putin said they would be sealed in so ‘not even a fly can get through’, one Russian TV commentator suggested ‘cementing them in’. US secretary of state Antony Blinken flew to Kyiv yesterday — but Mr Zelensky said world leaders must stay away unless they help more. ‘We are not a country for tragic selfies,’ he said. ‘As soon as we have more weapons, as soon as there are enough, believe me, we will immediately retake this or that territory.’ Ukraine claimed to have killed two Russian generals in an attack on their HQ outside the occupied city of Kherson. Here, the MoD said Ukraine had ‘repelled numerous assaults’ in the eastern Donbas region but Russia was still capturing territory. ‘Poor Russian morale and limited time to re-equip and reorganise are hindering combat effectiveness,’ it added. Human rights lawyer Baroness Kennedy of The Shaws, leading a team gathering war crime evidence, said Russian troops had ‘tacit permission’ to rape citizens, with evidence of ‘serious offences of a grievous kind’. Meanwhile, the US secretary of state, Antony Blinken, arrived in Kyiv last night for talks with Ukraine’s president Volodymyr Zelensky. The diplomatic mission — the highest-level visit by an American official since the war began — came just days after US president Joe Biden announced a further $800million military aid package for the country in its fight against Russia. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.