Stacey Solomon told fans that she is ‘so nervous’ ahead of her wedding to fiancé Joe Swash as she shared a preview of the aisle she will walk up as part of the ceremony. The couple is set to tie the knot in three months’ time in the gardens of their beloved Pickle Cottage and the TV star and singer gave some insight into her thoughts as she talked plans for the event. The 32-year-old Loose Women panellist, who returned to the show with a big group hug after her maternity leave last month, updated her followers on her wedding preparations as she shared she had been busy in meetings finalising details ahead of the big day. She also asked for help over a ‘dilemma’ she was facing with the length of the path she had earmarked in her garden for the aisle, which she showed featured wooden arches intertwined with branches. Captioning one of her garden videos, Stacey explained: ‘This morning I had to meet with the caterers, florists & everyone in between because I almost forgot we are getting married in three months’ time. ‘We are on the last part now. The aisle. And my sister just put a load of candles in my kitchen jars at the bottom where we are going to stand and I am crying.’ After the star’s admission of tears, she added: ‘My whole stomach is turning over. And for some reason I’m so nervous.’ Walking her phone down her planned aisle so she could show it to her followers, Stacey then shared that she didn’t ‘know if I trust myself’ when it came to making it down the whole length without tripping or laughing. ‘Should we just get married halfway down the aisle? Because it’s such a long walk,’ she pondered. ‘Is it too long? I’m scared to walk that far in front of everyone. I think I’ll just end up falling over or laughing at how long it’s taking me to get down the aisle. But I love the end of the arches. Help!’ Former EastEnders star Joe, 40, got down on one knee on Christmas Eve in 2020, with the X-Factor icon sharing her excitement over their impending nuptials as she marked the anniversary of his proposal. The couple have two children together, son Rex, two, and daughter Rose, six months, and recently adopted new puppy Peanut after the death of beloved pooch Theo shortly after Christmas. Stacey also has son Zachary, 14, with her ex Dean Cox and nine-year-old Leighton with ex-fiancé Aaron Barnham. Marking Zachary’s birthday in March, the loving mum gushed over her eldest son, calling him ‘my beginning, my reason, my sole purpose to get up and do my absolute best’. She wrote: ‘The truth is you changed my whole life. I could never have comprehended the light and love you would bring.’ Stacey is also stepmother to Joe’s son Harry, 14, with former fiancée Emma Sophocleous. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sir Rod Stewart and Penny Lancaster merrily lark around together in car after night on the town MORE : Big Brother star Glyn Wise ignites nostalgia with rare TV appearance as he swaps reality TV for becoming a priest 