Mikel Arteta has been handed a timely boost with Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus open to joining his Arsenal squad this summer, according to reports. Brazilian forward Jesus has emerged as a target for the Gunners as Arteta looks for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s replacement at the Emirates. Arteta sanctioned Aubameyang’s departure in January and the Gabon hero has made an impressive start to his Barcelona career, scoring 11 goals in 17 appearances. Arsenal’s depth up top will be depleted further at the end of the season, with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both expected to leave when their current contracts expire. As Arteta looks to add some much-needed goals to his squad, the Gunners have expressed interest in signing Jesus from Manchester City. The 25-year-old has scored 89 goals in 229 appearances for the Sky Blues and won three Premier League titles, three EFL Cups and the FA Cup since signing from Palmeiras in 2017.  But Jesus has never quite established himself as a regular starter at the Etihad and The Athletic say he is now open to leaving Manchester City and joining their Premier League rivals Arsenal. Jesus, who worked with Gunners boss Arteta when the Spaniard was Pep Guardiola’s assistant, could see his playing time at City reduce even further next season as Erling Haaland is closing in on a stunning move to City. While reports say negotiations are yet to begin between Arsenal and City, it is claimed that the Gunners are ‘favourites’ to strike a deal for Jesus. Last month, former Manchester United and England defender Rio Ferdinand urged Arsenal manager Arteta to sign Jesus. ‘If I was Arsenal, I would go and buy Gabriel Jesus,’ Ferdinand said on the FIVE YouTube channel. Jesus will look to help Manchester City maintain their lead at the top of the Premier League table when they host struggling Watford on Saturday, while Arteta’s Arsenal face top-four rivals Manchester United. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 