Khloe Kardashian has appeared to confirm bizarre rumors that her daughter True was Photoshopped into pictures of a family trip to Disneyland last year. Eagle-eyed fans on Reddit recently shared an odd theory, suggesting that pictures shared by Kim Kardashian on Instagram – showing Chicago and True at the theme park – had actually been edited. They claimed that the original pictures showed Kylie Jenner’s daughter Stormi on the ride beside her cousin, instead of True. The Good American designer seemingly confirmed the claims as she celebrated her daughter’s fourth birthday this week with a visit to Disneyland, declaring that it was her first time there. ‘This is True’s first time to Disneyland, and we’re going on It’s A Small World,’ she excitedly told fans before panning the camera to her little one on the ride. It didn’t take long for a Twitter user to question the timeline and connect the dots, penning: ‘The people have questions @KimKardashian @khloekardashian.’ Coming clean, Khloe simply replied: ‘Welllppp I f**ked this one up. ‘Anyways….. let’s focus on something else. Our show airs in a few days.’ Of course, this wasn’t an adequate diversion, and fans flooded the replies with questions about the decision behind Photoshopping her daughter. Of course, this wasn’t an adequate diversion, and fans flooded the replies with questions about the decision behind Photoshopping her daughter. ‘Okay but whyyyyyyy [sic],’ one wrote, as another agreed: ‘???? I’m geeked cause why.’ ‘Ok but explain the Photoshop still,’ a follower demanded. ‘To actually Photoshop your child’s head onto another child’s body…,’ a Twitter user posted. A fan asked: ‘Ok but why was Stormi Photoshopped out tho? [sic].’ One fumed: ‘This is crazy…. What was the reason?’ This isn’t the first time the famous family have been accused of editing their photos – just last week Kim was met with backlash over allegations that Tyra Banks had been Photoshopped in her latest Skims campaign. However, the America’s Next Top Model host hit back at the controversy, branding the campaign ‘empowering’. Appearing on TODAY with Hoda and Jenna on Friday, she said: ‘This is what I’ve been talking about for decades. ‘So, me curvier, me damn near almost 50 years old in this campaign – I think it is pretty empowering. ‘She said that that gave her self-esteem for her body. So we had, like, a serious conversation, and I finally said, ”Let’s do this!”’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Alan Carr keen to join Celebs Go Dating after separating from husband Paul Drayton MORE : Lewis Hamilton has ‘no plans’ to stop wearing jewelry during F1 races despite renewed FIA ban 