Want to get away from it all? Perhaps you’re thinking of booking a trip but are unsure where to go. After all, now travel is back on, the sheer amount of options can feel a little overwhelming. We’ve asked travel experts to put together a list of their top trending destinations for 2022 – to save you time browsing for spots online. From long-haul trips to long weekends, there’s something for everyone and all budgets. These are the best places to travel in 2022 – according to experts. Luxury group adventure travel company, Flash Pack says Vietnam is a top contender for 2022 travel – following two years of border closures to tourists. ‘March saw Vietnam reopen to international travellers with an influx of holiday bookings,’ explain the team at Flash Pack. There’s plenty on offer too, from exploring the coast at HaLong Bay, to zipping through Ho Chi Minh City traffic on a Vespa in search of street food. You can also island-hop the Mekong Delta or book a trip on the world-famous train ride. Finland is another top destination for 2022, according to Flash Pack. ‘With wellness at the forefront of everyone’s minds, ice water baths are extremely popular with Finnish locals as they are proven to help with inflammation, muscle fatigue and arthritis,’ say the team. Take a trip and plunge into freezing water holes for heart-stopping cold-water therapy. Alternatively, soak up the incredible architecture in the capital of Helsinki. If you’re lucky, you might even witness the Northern Lights on your trip. ‘With Brits keen to experience more off-the-beaten track adventures, a trip to Jordan is sure to tick all the boxes,’ say the Flash Pack team. Things to add to your Jordan bucket list include: floating in the Dead Sea, exploring the ancient rose-red city of Petra, heading to the Roman ruins of Jerash and getting lost in the Khazali Canyon. It seems our Instagram feeds have been inundated with people travelling to Mexico recently – so it’s easy to see why it’s a top choice for 2022, according to Health Travel. They say Mexico is rapidly becoming a wellness capital  – thanks to its abundance of luxury retreats and resorts. You can enjoy yoga classes and sound baths set beside hidden cenotes. Or you can simply sit back and relax on the amazing beaches, and sample the glorious food on offer. Travel company Kirker recommends Verona as its ‘top destination to travel to in 2022.’ The team say the Verona Opera Festival is a key reason to visit this year, running from June to September. Held in the Arena di Opera – one the world’s largest open-air theatres – the 99th Opera Festival will run over 45 evenings, featuring five opera productions and three special events – including Bizet’s Carmen, Puccini’s Turandot and Verdi’s Aida, Nabucco and La Traviata. Group tour specialist Jules Verne recommends Egypt as a key destination for this year – namely because 2022 marks 100 years since the discovery of Tutankhamun’s tomb in the Valley of the Kings. Whether the rich history inspires you to go –  or Kenneth Branagh’s recent adaptation of Death on the Nile – there are a number of reasons to visit Egypt this year. Enjoy a cruise down the Nile, marvel at the pyramids or visit various historical temples, there are so many things to add to your itinerary. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why travel anxiety happens and how to cope MORE : Couple quit jobs to travel Scotland in a motorhome – and save £1,000 a month as a result MORE : Brits spend almost a third of their holiday budget on pre-travel prep