A woman got the shock of her life when she gave birth alone in the shower – having had no idea she was pregnant. Already a mum-of-two, Dimitty Bonnet, 28, had given up hope of having another child and was totally baffled when she felt the sudden urge to push while in the shower – catching the baby’s head between her legs. Dimitty and husband, Jason, 42, – who are parents to Nate, five, and Darci, three – thought that their family was complete and had stopped trying to have any more children. Dimitty had regular periods and had even done a negative pregnancy test a few weeks before the surprise birth at 1.30am on February 26 2022. Her husband was in bed at the time, and as she called out for help he rushed into the bathroom to find his wife covered in blood and holding a baby. She had no idea that anything was wrong until she started to feel ‘a bit off’ the evening before she gave birth. Dimitty, an admin manager, from New South Wales, Australia, says: ‘My weight has fluctuated my whole life, so I didn’t think anything of it when I put on a few pounds. I assumed it was just a bit of lockdown weight, and it was nothing too noticeable. ‘I’d flown on a plane a month before, and even had an x-ray after a rugby injury six weeks before I gave birth. There was no part of me that thought I could be expecting – to be sure I even took a test a month before giving birth and it came back negative. ‘The evening before he was born, I just felt a bit yuck. My stomach felt a bit off, so I put the kids to bed and got an early night myself. ‘I woke up around 1am, and felt so uncomfortable. It was like I really needed the toilet, but I wasn’t able to go. The pain started to get worse, so I decided to have a shower to make myself feel better. ‘I didn’t want to wake my husband, so I kept the light off and showered in the dark. ‘I felt a sudden urge to push, and the next thing I knew, I was holding a baby’s head.’ In a state of shock and confusion, Dimitty managed to sit down on the floor in the dark, and after a final push, her baby was born in the early hours. She called for her husband, Jason, who rushed into the bathroom and was shocked to find his wife cradling their newborn son. The panicked pair called for an ambulance, which arrived around 15 minutes later – just in time to help Dimitty deliver the placenta. After the paramedics cut the cord and made sure that mum and baby were okay, they took the family to Campbelltown Hospital, New South Wales, where the pair were monitored for 24 hours. Dimitty and Jason named their surprise baby boy, Harvey Eric Barry Timmins, and he weighed 6lbs 8oz. Whilst Dimitty was in the hospital, the parents facetimed Nate and Darci, telling them ‘Mummy has a surprise’, before showing them their new sibling. They were both over the moon. ‘It was such a huge shock that the first few days are a bit of a blur,’ Dimitty explains. ‘My older kids were so excited when we told them, particularly my daughter as she’s always wanted to be a big sister. She’s so caring and has taken on her new role really well. ‘Our family and friends have all been so supportive as we weren’t prepared at all – in fact we’d thrown away all our old baby stuff a month before. ‘But everyone came together to make sure we had a pram, clothes, nappies, and a bed for him. ‘It took us about 24 hours to come up with a name for him, but we chose Harvey after Jason’s grandfather, which is really special.’ Dimitty says her two other pregnancies were so different, and she never thought something like this could happen. ‘It’s taken my brain and body a bit of time to process what’s happened, but we are finding our feet and feeling more settled now,’ she adds. ‘He’s such an amazing baby and we feel so lucky to have him join the family, even if it was quite a shock at first.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk.