A drunk man insisted he ‘identified as a truck’ in an attempt to order food at a McDonald’s drive-thru after a night out. Kevin OHara, 32, from Fife, had been out celebrating his partner’s birthday before visiting the fast food chain on the way home only to find it was closed for walk-ins. Undeterred, he attempted to place an order for a Big Mac at the drive-thru speaker but was asked by the worker to leave as he ‘has to be in a car’ to be served. He then began to make engine revving sounds but was told McDonald’s does not accept pretend cars. The drunk and hungry man then announced he ‘identifies as a truck’ prompting the worker to respond: ‘Identify as whatever you want, but you’re not in a vehicle.’ Kevin said: ‘When I was making the car noises I was just thinking, “How can I convince this guy to give me a Big Mac?” I was hungry. I had to convince him I was a truck. ‘In this day and age, with people saying they’re identifying as something they may or may not be, I thought, “If I can tell this guy I’m a truck then maybe he’ll serve me.”‘ Kevin caught the exchange on camera and sent it to his friends’ group chat with one posting the video on TikTok, where it’s received over 300,000 views and 25,000 likes. Despite being left hungry, the dad-of-one said he hasn’t written off the McDonald’s but will be sure to return in a vehicle next time. However, he believes he should have been served the burger for his theatrical efforts. ‘Sometimes it’s hard to get between a drunken person and food on the way home. I just gave their door a rattle, realised it was closed, then thought, “How can I get served?”,’ he said. ‘It didn’t go to plan. I don’t blame [the member of staff], but if you’d have asked me on the night I was blaming him. ‘He was only doing his job, but it was quiet and there was nobody there so he would have spent less time giving me a burger than he spent arguing about it.’ He  continued: ‘I think he should have just come out and given me the food for my theatrical effort. ‘He should have come out with a Big Mac and an Oscar. I’m surprised he didn’t bring out Will Smith to give me a slap.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.