A painstakingly planned operation has been launched to ensure the Queen can make a special tribute from the world of horse racing as part of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Winning riders Frankie Dettori and Willie Carson will lead a special guard of honour with up to 40 others on the Surrey course for when she arrives on Saturday, June 4. Organisers hope she will be able to make it with her family over the extended Bank Holiday weekend despite pulling out of several events recently due to mobility issues. A source told The Mirror: ‘The Queen will be doing everything she can to be there to watch the Derby in person. ‘She had dedicated much of her life to horse racing and her passion for the sport, the animals and the people around it runs incredibly deep. ‘Every effort is being made so Her Majesty has every single chance of attending in complete comfort as there will be so many people who want to celebrate her Platinum Jubilee with her and wish her well.’ They suggested six-foot privacy screens or a football-style tunnel may be put in place to stop photographers taking her picture as she leaves the car. The monarch, who turned 96 today, has been scaling back her diary but still managed to make a memorial service for her late husband Prince Philip, who died last year. Some 35,000 people are expected to attend the arena, with thousands more in the wider local area known as The Hill where people can attend for free. In recognition of her association with horse racing, The Queen’s Stand at Epsom will be permanently renamed The Queen Elizabeth II Stand in honour of Her Majesty. Phil White, London regional director at the Jockey Club, said: ‘We know that the Queen intends to be with us on the day, and to mark her arrival at the racecourse we will form a guard of honour of around 40 retired and current jockeys all dressed in Her Majesty’s silks. ‘We’re also inviting members of the local community and some local charities to support the guard of honour as flag bearers. ‘Derby Day always has that spectacular carnival atmosphere and we’re looking forward to a display from the Red Devils and a military band’s performance of the national anthem, which will all add to a wonderful occasion.’ Other plans include the unveiling of 15 special hats created by milliners in association with the British Hat Guild, which will be auctioned in aid of Brain Tumour Research. A Jubilee Family Festival will also feature a main stage on The Hill, and activities for families to enjoy. Mr White added: ‘We have more than 35,000 tickets in our paid enclosures on the racecourse side, but then there will be tens of thousands more on The Hill, and it’s free to walk on there, so we’re expecting a big crowd. ‘It really is what makes the event unique – the atmosphere, the energy and the people out there are all amazing.’ Thoroughbreds owned by the Queen have won four out of the five flat racing classics, the 1,000 Guineas and 2,000 Guineas, the Oaks and the St Leger. But one of her horses has never won the Epsom Derby. Three of her horses have so far been entered for the this year’s race – Reach For The Moon, Educator and General Idea. The Queen’s horse Dunfermline gave the Queen her most famous victory, triumphing in the Oaks and St Leger in her Silver Jubilee year in 1977. Former jockey Mr Carson, who has ridden many times for the Queen, said: ‘When you put the Queen’s colours on, especially at Epsom, a jockey would grow six inches. It makes you feel important when you put those colours on. ‘The Queen is the most famous woman in the whole wide world, so you’re privileged. ‘She’s the patron of racing. Without her we would be a little bit lost, because her patronage is a very valuable thing. ‘It’s not just the horseracing she enjoys, she enjoys the breeding side of it. She likes to know from trainers how the horse is behaving and its attitude, its temperament. She wants to know those things. That’s what she’s really interested in. ‘The winning post is the end result and she enjoys that, of course, but she enjoys everything before you get to the winning post. That gives her the most pleasure.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.