A body has been found in the search for missing mum-of-two Katie Kenyon. The 33-year-old’s family was left ‘broken’ when she vanished from her home in Burnley on April 22. She was last seen getting into a Ford Transit which is believed to have travelled to the Bolton-by-Bowland area in Lancashire. On Tuesday, detectives said there was only a ‘slim hope’ of finding her alive and announced their missing person search had become a murder investigation. Now, Lancashire Police have found a body after receiving new information about where she might be. The force said although the woman’s identity has not been formally confirmed, they believe it to be Katie’s. Andrew Burfield, 50, from Burnley, was charged with her murder on Wednesday. Katie’s loved ones have been plunged into a ‘real life nightmare’, a family friend has said. They said her two children are ‘missing her and love her’. Her devastated sister Sarah posted on Facebook on Wednesday saying: ‘Receiving the most heartbreaking news this afternoon that…our Katie is no longer with us, has been the worst we had to ever hear.’ She said her family has ‘lost a mum, a daughter, a sister, an auntie, a niece, a granddaughter and a friend’. More than 60 specialist search officers from four police forces scoured a rural beauty spot in Lancashire to find Katie’s body. Fire service officers, dog teams, mountain rescue volunteers and drones all helped in the search. Detective Superintendent Gary Brooks said: ‘Following extensive police inquiries and after a number of days of searching, I can now sadly confirm that we have found a body and at this time we believe it to be that of Katie Kenyon. ‘Katie’s family have been told and my heart goes out to them at this time. We have specially trained officers supporting them at this difficult time. ‘I would like to thank the public and the media for all the help they have given us during what has been a protracted, complex and very emotive search. ‘I would also like to thank both the partner agencies and all of the police officers and staff who have been involved in the search for Katie. ‘While this is not the conclusion to those searches any of us would have wished for, I know the family appreciate those efforts. Once again, my thoughts today are with Katie’s family and all of her loved ones.’ Yesterday Burfield, 50, appeared by video-link from HMP Preston for a brief court hearing. He spoke only to confirm his identity. He was remanded in custody and a trial date was set for November 14. Anyone with information is asked to get in touch with Lancashire Police or call Crimestoppers. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.