Frank Lampard admits he is worried about ‘the character of the group’ at Everton after defeat to West Ham on Sunday, although he remains confident they will avoid relegation from the Premier League. The Toffees were beaten 2-1 by the Hammers, with goals from Aaron Creswell and Jarrod Bowen overcoming Mason Holgate’s effort for the visitors. Defeat was made all the worse by the red card and subsequent suspension for Everton centre-back Michael Keane. Lampard was not too unhappy with his team’s performance, believing it was better than some in recent weeks, but does still hold concern about the character of his players. Their next game is against fellow relegation candidates Burnley on Wednesday night and Lampard is well aware of how important that game is. ‘We have to face Burnley without Keane but also we have injuries. Donny [van de Beek] pulled up in the warm-up. Allan is suspended. We are stretched,’ Lampard told Sky Sports. ‘I am less worried about personnel and more worried about the character of the group. What I saw today showed that. ‘Burnley is a huge game no doubt, but there are nine more after that. We have games in hand on other teams but we must stick to the next game. ‘Burnley is absolutely the most important at the minute and we have to show more quality – and there is that in this group – to stay up. ‘Ten games is a lot. If our luck turns and we keep on the path we showed today and against Newcastle I have a real strong belief we will be OK. Saying that now here means nothing. We just have to focus on ourselves.’ Defeat leaves Everton 17th, but still three points clear of the relegation zone and with two games in hand on 18th-placed Watford. Burnley sit 19th, four points behind Everton, having played the same amount of games. MORE : Where has it all gone wrong for Everton? Frank Lampard facing major challenge to avoid the drop MORE : Everton set to sell Arsenal target Dominic Calvert-Lewin or Man Utd-linked Richarlison this summer For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 