The news of Bruce Willis’ diagnosis has sparked a surge in people wanting to seek out information on the condition, non-profit organisations have revealed. This week, it was announced that the Die Hard star was stepping away from his acting career after being diagnosed with aphasia, a communication disorder that can affect a person’s ability to speak, read, write and understand speech. A statement released by his family read: ‘This is a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support.’ The National Aphasia Association, a non-profit organisation described as being the first national organisation in the US ‘dedicated to advocating for persons with aphasia and their families’ after being formed in 1987, said that they experienced 30,000 hits on their website one hour after Bruce’s diagnosis was made public. Darlene Williamson, president and chairman of the board of directors at the NAA, shared the statistic with TMZ, who also spoke to Justine Knight, executive director at Triangle Aphasia Project Unlimited, who ‘serve individuals with aphasia, their families, and the community through innovative life participation approaches’. According to Justine, their Facebook page started to attract 4,000 users a day, having previously garnered fewer than 100 in the same time frame. Darlene added that the NAA has received several donations since the news of Bruce’s diagnosis was revealed, with some including personal notes dedicated to the actor. Both foundations told the publication that the use of the word ‘aphasia’ in the announcement about Bruce was very significant, as the family could have decided to remain vague on the actor’s medical state. However, by referencing the condition by name, it could make others who also have aphasia feel seen. The Stroke Association says that more than 350,000 people in the UK have aphasia, while there are said to be at least 2,000,000 people in the US with the condition. The condition can develop following a stroke, when damage is caused to the language centres of the brain. In the post shared by Bruce’s wife Emma Heming, ex-wife Demi Moore and children Rumer, Scout, Tallulah, Mabel and Evelyn, they said that ‘our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities’. ‘As a result of this and with much consideration Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him,’ they announced. Numerous celebrities have voiced their support for the 67-year-old, including his Pulp Fiction co-star John Travolta and Haley Joel Osment, who appeared alongside him in The Sixth Sense. ‘Bruce and I became good friends when we shared 2 of our biggest hits together, Pulp Fiction and Look Who’s Talking,’ John wrote in his social media post. ‘Years later he said to me, “John, I just want you to know that when something good happens to you, I feel like it’s happening to me.” That’s how generous a soul he is. I love you Bruce.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bruce Willis’ daughter Scout shares sweet new photo and admits she ‘never expected’ reaction to aphasia diagnosis MORE : Razzie Awards reverse Bruce Willis nomination amid backlash following actor’s aphasia diagnosis 