England’s quest for World Cup glory became a lot clearer after Gareth Southgate’s side discovered the teams in their group for the 2022 Qatar World Cup. While the first game of the winter tournament doesn’t get underway until November 21, the Three Lions can now begin doing their homework on their upcoming opponents. England were in Pot One for today’s draw in Qatar with all 32 teams being split into eight groups of four. Southgate’s men, who are looking to go one better than the runners-up medals they collected at Euro 2020 last year, will face USA, Iran and the winner of Wales vs Scotland/Ukraine in Group B. The top two from each group will progress to the knockout stages of the tournament. Qualification is not over yet however for some countries, but 29 of the 32 teams have been confirmed and England are one of them. Wales and Scotland are both still in contention for a place at the winter tournament but need to come through qualfiers first. Scotland and Ukraine’s play-off is likely to be played in June given the ongoing conflict taking place near Russia, with the winner taking on Wales for a place in Qatar and a chance to join England in Group B. Ahead of the draw, some nightmare possible scenarios for the 1966 World Cup champions could have seen them stuck in a group with Germany, Senegal and Peru or alternatively, another tricky option could have been Uruguay, Poland and Cameroon. But England will be huge favourites to qualify as winners from their group and reach the knockout stages. The Qatar World Cup gets underway on Monday, November 21 with Qatar vs Ecuador and runs until the final on Sunday, December 18, just a week before Christmas. Check out the FULL 2022 World Cup draw here. MORE : England’s dream and nightmare groups ahead of Qatar 2022 World Cup draw MORE : Qatar backtracks on promise to allow Pride flags at World Cup matches For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 