A distraught family may have scattered the contents of a vacuum instead of their gran’s ashes. Eileen McClean, 54, died from a blood clot on November 23, 2020. Her children and grandchildren came together to hold a memorial service in Kirkcaldy, Fife, the following month. But when the time came to scatter her ashes, the family noted they seemed to stick to the grass instead of swiftly blowing away in the Scottish wind. They’ve now been informed by crematorium staff that the ‘ashes’ scattered were not Eileen’s. Her daughter Mary Newlands, 36, fears a bag of hoover dust may have been confused with her mum’s ashes. She said: ‘The crematorium said no one is missing. ‘Basically someone’s emptied their hoover and we’ve scattered it, either that or it’s been a pauper’s funeral and they haven’t done the paperwork properly. ‘The ashes took forever to disappear, you could still see them in February. ‘They wouldn’t go away. Now we know why. ‘There are still so many unanswered questions. She was only 54. ‘She didn’t deserve to be left on the shelf for a year and a half.’ Crematorium staff say they have accounted for the deceased identities of all other ashes in their possession. They added that a ‘rigorous’ control process is typically in place. Mary and her family are making arrangements to scatter Eileen’s real ashes. She said: ‘I’m heartbroken. I feel numb. ‘One of the younger ones helped to scatter the ashes. ‘The other day she got confused and emotional – she started crying when we said we’d have to say goodbye again as she thought we’d already done it.’ Liz Murphy, bereavement services manager at Kirkcaldy Crematorium, said: ‘We are extremely sorry this has happened, and we’ve apologised directly to the family for the distress this has caused. ‘We have very rigorous control processes in place. ‘We’ve carried out a thorough audit and we can account for all the ashes in our care. ‘We have also asked for independent verification which has confirmed the outcome of our review. ‘Our investigations involving all partners in the cremation process are continuing and we will keep the family informed of the results.’ Funeral director Ian Johnston added: ‘I’m absolutely devastated for the family. ‘It was 16 months they were under the illusion that they dispersed the ashes only to then find out that it wasn’t their mother. It’s just awful. I can’t express in words what they’re going through. ‘We do pride ourselves on the care and compassion that we give to the families, and the aftercare. ‘Clearly something has happened here and we’re hopeful that the investigation will bring that to light.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.