The M4 has been closed in both directions after a huge fire broke out at an industrial building in Berkshire. A large cloud of smoke has descended across the motorway as millions of people make journeys over the long Easter weekend. Residents reported hearing ‘bangs and explosions’ near an RAF munitions depot shortly before the fire started to rage. However, it is not clear if the fire is linked to the RAF base, with the local fire and rescue service saying the blaze broke out an unnamed industrial building. This caused debris to fly onto the road, forcing the M4 to be closed in both directions between J13 near Snelsmore and J14 near Shefford Woodlands. Berkshire Fire and Rescue Service (BFRS) said the blaze broke out at an industrial building in Westbrook, Newbury, shortly after 1.40pm today. They said the fire may involve ‘possible pyrotechnics and fireworks’. Local resident Charlotte Ward said she was in the play park in Boxford village when she heard ‘explosions’ she believed were coming from RAF Welford’s munitions depot. She told Metro.co.uk she heard a ‘huge bang followed by a plume of smoke and then 10s of smaller bangs and other sounds, with explosions and more plumes’. She added: ‘It sounded like rockets or gas canisters exploding and flying into the air. Huge fire was raging for half an hour. Black smoke started to drift out way so we decided to leave.’ A spokesperson from RBFRS said: ‘Two Royal Berkshire Fire and Rescue Service (RBFRS) crews from Newbury, one crew from Theale and two Officers have currently been sent to the scene, together with crews from Dorset and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service. ‘Firefighters have found a fire involving possible pyrotechnics and fireworks. Cordons are in place, but people are urged to stay away from the area while emergency services deal with this fire.’ A  National Highways spokesperson said: ‘The M4is closed in both directions between J13 near Snelsmore – J14 near Shefford Woodlands due to a large building fire near the carriageway causing debris. We will keep you updated. Thank you.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.