Mid to late April marks the arrival of UK asparagus season. But it can be easy to get into the same routine with asparagus – (usually, this involves simply roasting or steaming, to have alongside meat or fish). So if you’re looking for new and creative ways to cook with the ingredient, you’ve come to the right place. Some of the country’s top chefs have shared a few different recipes for enjoying the humble vegetable. These are some of their innovative ideas… This seasonal recipe is from Tommy Banks, chef owner of The Black Swan, Roots and Made In Oldstead. It can be prepped in 10 minutes and cooked in 45. Ingredients: Method: 1. Pre-heat oven to 180ºC (160ºC Fan). Add butter and oil to baking tray and heat until foaming. Meanwhile, rinse and scrub artichokes to remove any dirt. Halve the small ones and quarter the bigger ones, coat everything with 2tbsp oil and season generously. 2. Carefully remove the pre-heated baking tray and add the artichoke, along with the thyme and rosemary. 3. Add butter and oil in a baking tray, roast until foaming and they carefully fold in the artichokes along with thyme and rosemary. Roast for 40 to 45 minutes until soft inside and crispy outside. 4. With 10 minutes remaining, pre-heat grill to 200ºC and grill your asparagus until the skin starts to blister, around 10 minutes, rotating halfway through. On a separate tray add your pumpkin seeds and roast in the oven. 5. To serve, place artichokes in a large bowl, evenly distribute asparagus, sprinkle pumpkin seeds and crumble blue cheese over to finish. This recipe is from Lucy Carr-Ellison and Jemima Jones, the co-founders of Wild by Tart. They say: ’This simple recipe is great on its own but when you feel like going the extra mile, we pile on a ricotta fritter and drizzle with fresh wild garlic pesto. It’s spring in a bowl.’ Ingredients: Method 1. Place the pancetta in a pan over a medium heat with a glug of olive oil and leave to fry for a couple of minutes. Next add the leek, garlic and rosemary and sauté for 5 minutes. Follow by adding the fennel, fennel seeds and dried chilli, cook for a further 5 minutes until starting to caramelise. 2. Pour over the white wine and stock and simmer for about 5 minutes. 3. Add in the asparagus and wild garlic and season, cook for about 2 minutes then take off the heat and add the parsley and mint then serve. This vegan recipe from Bettina Campolucci Bordi is very simple yet satisfying. Ingredients: Method 1. Slice the blanched asparagus diagonally into bite size pieces and arrange on a nice salad dish. 2. Add the Szechuan pepper, shallot, chilli to a heatproof bowl. 3. Heat up the oil in a pan and when very hot, pour carefully over the ingredients in the bowl, which will cook them. Add the tamari, stir to combine and then spoon or pour the warm dressing over the asparagus. 4. Finish with a sprinkle of spring onions and sesame seeds. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Surprising ways you can use your leftover Easter chocolate in savoury recipes MORE : Want to use up leftover Easter egg chocolate? Try this alternative tiramisu recipe MORE : Kid-friendly recipes: Fluffy cauli-peas muffins that are perfect lunchbox fillers