Imagine heading to your local pub, expecting a quite night and a few drinks with your mates before running into Ed Sheeran pulling pints behind the bar. Well, that’s exactly what happened to pubgoers at The Roost Pub in Small Heath, Birmingham on Sunday, as the 31-year-old singer shocked everyone by putting in an appearance. The multi-award winning musician has been celebrating over recent days after emerging victorious from a court case against his smash hit, Shape Of You, and it seems he’s no desire for the party to end. Ed enjoyed a raucous night at the small pub where he played pool with locals, had a rowdy sing-a-long and put in a shift behind the bar, after heading out with rapper pal Jaykae. The Thinking Out Loud hitmaker slotted right in with his casual attire is time at the pub, where he started the evening watching the Manchester City v Liverpool game. It wasn’t long before mobile phones were out and the songwriter was filmed with a beer in his hand, belting out the lyrics to No Games by Serani. He also joked with the manager as he served up the drinks, saying: ‘You’re paying me.’ Ian Connors, 39, who manages The Roots Pub described the night as ‘a bit crazy.’ ‘He is good pals with the Birmingham rapper Jaykae who sometimes comes in here and he called me up and said can I bring someone along,’ he told Mail Online. ‘We were having a pool tournament last night and we had a DJ on so it was pretty busy and I said of course bring whoever you like.’ He continued: ‘All of a sudden, this guy walks in and everybody starts going, “Is that Ed Sheeran?” We were thinking, “Surely not”.’ Ian added that they ‘couldn’t understand what a megastar like him would be doing in a pub in Small Heath.’ ‘But he was brilliant, really laid back and he mingled with customers. He was just a gentleman. Really down-to-earth and was having a good laugh.’ The manager added that it was ‘completely surreal’ to see the Grammy winner behind his bar, pulling a Carling, who turned up with no security purely with the intention of having a brill time. Confirming that Ed was happy for videos to be shared online, Ian added: ‘It shows what type of man he is that he’s happy to give our little pub in Brum some publicity.’ Ed has been on a high since winning his legal battle, but he also shared that it’s taken a toll on his mental health. He said he now records every songwriting session to protect himself against possible copyright claims, admitting the case wasn’t about money for him, but rather ‘standing up for what was right.’ The guitarist is ‘happy it’s over’ so he can ‘move on’ after Sami Chokri and Ross O’Donoghue claimed he ripped off their 2015 hit, and now he just wants to get back to writing songs. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kourtney Kardashian opens up about ‘hard’ journey to have a baby with fiancé Travis Barker MORE : Naked Attraction’s Anna Richardson bans Nadine Dorries from show over Channel 4 privatisation plans: ‘She’s shown her true colours’ 