Katie Price has given her fans an update on her broken feet, revealing she was having cortisone injections to help with the pain. The former glamour model, 43, broke both of her feet on holiday in Turkey in 2020 after jumping over a wall and shattering all the bones in her heels. She underwent major surgery to reconstruct her feet, but remains in constant pain as a result of the accident. Katie took to Instagram to update fans from the hospital, where she told them: ‘Feet update. I’ve been living with so much pain with my feet for almost 2 years now! ‘It’s massively affected my mobility and has really knocked my mental health. Yesterday I had cortisone injections in my feet to help relieve pain. ‘Fingers crossed this works and will help me be more mobile! My feet are currently in supports and are sore but it’s still early days!’ She thanked her medical team and her fans for helping her through, adding: ‘Thank you to all the doctors and nurses who have helped me during this difficult time and thank you to my fans for the warm wishes.’ Katie revealed that she has had MRI and CT scans as well as X-rays as she struggles to walk and is hoping the cortisone injections might give her a better quality of life. She explained that they work for some people but not others, and that she will have to wait a few weeks to know if they have had any effect on her feet. ‘Fingers crossed it does [work],’ she added. ‘We’re going to see how it goes, if it doesn’t work then the other option is to go back in my feet and look at the screws and see what can happen.’ She added that she was scared for this surgery when usually she is excited when it is a cosmetic procedure she has chosen to have done. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kerry Katona reveals huge new tattoo and fans think it looks like a portrait of her bestie Katie Price MORE : Katie Price hints she’s back on with Carl Woods with loved-up social media snap 