Kim Kardashian has finally responded to Debra Messing’s brutal reaction after the reality star was chosen to host Saturday Night Live in 2021. The world’s most famous family have returned with their new Hulu show The Kardashians – and they certainly aren’t holding back. In Thursday’s premiere, Kim, 41, slammed Will and Grace star Debra, 53, for ‘tearing people down’ when she slammed the reality star’s booking on SNL. After learning Kim would be set to front an episode of SNL, the actress said she was baffled by the decision. She asked her followers: ‘Why Kim Kardashian? I mean, I know she is a cultural icon, but SNL has hosts, generally, who are performers who are there to promote a film, TV show, or album launch. ‘Am I missing something?’ But Kim used the first episode to address the random takedown, and said: ‘A girl from Will & Grace came out and said she has no idea why I would be chosen as a host, but it’s like, why do you care? ‘I don’t comment to tear people down, especially another female,’ she added. ‘If that’s what you think, dude, then cool, tune in.’ Of course, Kim’s stint quickly went down as one of the most iconic ever, and Debra did later apologise for the tweet and said she wasn’t trying to ‘troll’ Kim K. Speaking on the Tamron Hall show, Debra said: ‘That was never my intention. She is this phenomenon. I mean, you know, she is a cultural icon. ‘And I noticed that they changed the formula, and I was like, “Oh, does she have a new TV show coming out? Does she have a book coming out? Is she in a movie?” And she didn’t have anything coming out.’ Kim’s episode included some absolute zingers, as the mum-of-four took aim at her own divorce from Kanye West and her sisters’ rumoured plastic surgery in her opening monologue. She also met her current boyfriend Pete Davidson during her appearance, with the pair sharing a kiss during an Aladdin skit. In recent days, the loved-up couple attended the premiere for Kim’s new show together and showed their romance is going from strength to strength. The Kardashians can be streamed on Hulu and Disney Plus in the UK. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Frank Langella ‘fired from Netflix’s The Fall Of The House Of Usher amid sexual misconduct investigation’ MORE : John Travolta pays touching tribute to late son Jett on what would have been his 30th birthday: ‘I miss you more than words can say’ 