Seinfeld and Toy Story actress Estelle Harries has died from natural causes, aged 93. The Mrs Potato Head voice star died on Saturday evening, with her son Glen Harris confirming the news. ‘It is with the greatest remorse and sadness to announce that Estelle Harris has passed on this evening at 6:25 pm,’ he told Deadline.‘Her kindness, passion, sensitivity, humour, empathy, and love were practically unrivalled, and she will be terribly missed by all those who knew her.’ Harris played Jason Alexander’s (George Constanza) on-screen mum, Estelle Constanza, in the hit US sitcom Seinfeld. The screen star is also known for voicing Mrs Potato Head in the Toy Story movies alongside her on-screen husband voiced by Don Rickles. Her other filmography includes  Suite Life of Zack & Cody, Tarzan II, Kim Possible, and ‘The Pinocchio Shop. Tributes have flooded in following the news of Harris’s death, with her on-screen Seinfeld son Jason Alexander paying his respects. ‘One of my favorite people has passed – my tv mama, Estelle Harris. The joy of playing with her and relishing her glorious laughter was a treat,’ he wrote. ‘I adore you, Estelle. Love to your family. Serenity now and always.’ Seinfeld writer Carol Leifer added: ‘So sad to hear about the passing of the hilarious Estelle Harris. On “Seinfeld” set with her and the great Jerry Stiller shooting “The Rye.” ‘She made everything we wrote that much funnier. A true gift to work with her!’ In 1952, Harris met window treatment salesman Sy at a dance, and they tied the knot just six months later.They welcomed their first child, Eric, into the world in 1957, Glen was born four years later and they had a daughter named Taryn in 1964. Estelle and Sy were involved in a nasty car accident in 2001 after Sar’s car blew a tire and they flipped over twice. They managed to escape any serious injuries.Sy died last January. Harris is survived by their children and by her three grandchildren. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 