We don’t have much by way of dangerous insects here in the UK, but that doesn’t mean we don’t get a fright seeing creepy crawlies in our homes. Peak time for spiders tends to be around September and October, yet many are reporting them entering homes earlier this year, thought to be due to the recent milder winter. To save yourself the frantic cardboard-slid-under-glass method of getting spiders out, it’s a lot easier to prevent them from getting in in the first place. And Mrs Hinch fans have come to the rescue in repelling the eight-legged creatures – all for just a few pennies. On the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook group, one member shared how they keep the beasties at bay, saying: ‘I wash my floors and then I go over with a mixture of water and peppermint oil, so easy.’ The army of cleaning enthusiasts agreed it’s the best spider repellent, with one person adding, ‘Peppermint oil all the way. Worked for me, it repels them,’ and another writing, ‘Works a treat, I do it every year.’ A bottle of peppermint oil can be purchased for just a few pounds, and a few drops should cost you under 5p. You can either go over the floors after cleaning or spray a solution of peppermint oil and water over doors, windows, and gaps in the walls where spiders might enter. Just make sure to vacuum or sweep before you introduce the scent, as if spiders are already lurking when they smell the peppermint this may encourage them to stay put. The science checks out too. Mint and other aromatic plants act as a natural deterrent to spiders, ants, and many other insects that may wander into your home. Gardening Expert Evie Lane at Primrose explains: ‘Most spider-deterring plants have a strong odour since aromatic plants are generally more effective at repelling insects – but they still smell great in your home too.’ The strongly-scented mint oil should do the trick, but growing herbs like these around your home is also effective. Basil, lavender, rosemary, and eucalyptus are good options as well as mint. Evie adds: ‘The best preventative measure for spiders also starts outside of the home. By keeping the exterior of your home free of any debris and picking up any leaves and wood piles, you’re clearing any potential hideouts for spiders. ‘That means they won’t be lurking near your home come mating season.’ It seems like spiders are having something of a hot arachnid summer this time around, so batten down the hatches and spray some minty goodness around for good measure. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How much should you tip? Rules for US, France, Australia, and more MORE : A two-bedroom house is up for sale at £40,000 – but there’s a mouldy catch