Train passengers will see rail fares slashed by up to half this spring, as the Government attempt to ease the cost of living crisis. More than one million train tickets will be reduced in April and May, according to the Transport Secretary, in what is being dubbed the ‘Great British Rail Sale’. It is hoped that the move will help hard-pressed households, facing soaring bills, afford domestic holidays and boost the local tourism industry. The sale, said to be the first of its kind, is expected to bring some Manchester to Newcastle journeys down to a little over £10, while seats on some London to Edinburgh services will be slashed from £44 to £22. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps, referring to the end of coronavirus restrictions in a video to advertise the sale, said: ‘We’ve had two years of living life virtually. ‘It is time to get real and visit our beautiful country.’ Discounted tickets will go on sale from Tuesday April 19, with passengers eligible to travel for less on off-peak fares between April 25 and May 27. Officials claim offering half-price rail tickets was ‘one of the ways’ the Government was helping support families with the cost of living, having previously announced measures to defer energy costs and offer council tax discounts for some households. But many of those most in need will want help with their energy and food bills – and not have the money to afford trips, regardless of how reduced they are. In a statement Mr Shapps said: ‘For the first time ever, operators across the rail industry are coming together to help passengers facing rising costs of living by offering up to 50% off more than a million tickets on journeys across Britain. ‘There’s no better time to visit friends, family or just explore our great country, so book your tickets today.’ Jacqueline Starr, chief executive of the Rail Delivery Group, added: ‘We want everyone to be able to benefit from travelling by train because it’s more than just a journey, it’s a way to connect everyone to the people, places and things they love. ‘As part of the Great British Rail Sale customers will enjoy over one million discounted tickets, so they can explore some of the fantastic locations that are accessible by rail.’ Other expected journey savings include singles from London to Cardiff being cut from £47 to £25; York to Leeds dropping to £2.80 from £5.60, and Portsmouth Harbour to Penzance falling from £45.70 to £22. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Uber to offer train, coach and flight bookings on its app