Are your Friday nights more likely to involve tarot and manifestation than clubbing? Is your wardrobe packed with kaftans, shawls, and floaty dresses? If so, you might be rocking the whimsigothic look without even knowing it. Whimsigoth is the new term for an aesthetic that’s been around for some time. An offshoot of the 70s and 90s trends we’re seeing everywhere, it also represents a revival. But where these fashion comebacks were all about bright psychadelic prints, whimsigoth is understated – and distinctly more witchy. Evan Collins, who coined the term, calls it ‘a postmodern mélange of styles’, characterised by ‘velvet, wrought iron, plush seating, candles, crystal balls, and celestial iconography.’ Videos labelled as whimsihothic have now been viewed over two billion times on TikTok, and the trend is being described as the ‘new cottagecore’ due to how they both encompass natural elements and eschew pared back modernity. Also known as ‘magician chic’, the blueprint for whimsigoth is undoubtedly Stevie Nicks, who has consistently embodied the style with her penchant for mystical symbols and floaty fabrics. Although the Fleetwood Mac singer wouldn’t be described as particularly whimsical (read, twee) or gothic, the portmanteau label fits perfectly. It conjures images of top hats, suede boots, batwing sleeves, and dangly brass jewellery – all things Stevie does best. Shows like Buffy the Vampire Slayer, musicians like the Smashing Pumpkins (especially their iconic Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness album cover), and movies like Practical Magic have also been referenced as inspiration for fans of whimsigoth. To get a feel for what it means, think about the vibe of Charmed or Sabrina the Teenage Witch. There’s no shortage of moon and star imagery, with rich hues and intricate detailing playing a major role in set and costume design. Style-wise, think early-season Phoebe Buffay, with her lace-up corsets and loose floral layers. There’s a level of glamour to whimsigoth, but it doesn’t look ‘done up’. Staple pieces include cropped cardigans (which can be worn as tops), midi and maxi skirts, mesh tops for layering, chunky jewellery, and even chunkier footwear. Offset the femininity of your clothing with platform sandals or boots, and add accessories like a bandana or funky tote bag to keep it unique. A whimsigothic outfit should look casual but like it’s got a story to it; like you thrifted it to wear to a Renaissance Fair and decided you look better in everyday Shakespearian garb. According to Crafted Beds, when it comes to decorating your home, you should embrace shades of blue and purple – both in paint and soft furnishings. A spokesperson said: ‘The whimsigothic trend sees trinkets all over surfaces and walls! From buddha statues to amethyst crystals, displaying keep-sakes and witchy objects will not only add depth and mystery to the room, but bring the trend to life.’ If you’re not ready to go full The Craft, books and candles can be just as impactful. Don’t forget to include celestial elements to your room in the form of moon and star prints, which are all over the high street right now. ‘Whilst you don’t necessarily need it as wallpaper or covering the ceiling, there are more subtle ways to bring this element in,’ added Crafted Beds ‘You could add star shaped garlands, printed soft furnishings, or even smaller accessories that feature in the room such as moon and star covered notebooks, coasters, lamps, or plant pots.’ Minimalism it is not, so don’t be shy and let your inner enchantress shine. Create a haven for your interests and personal style, showing off your precious possessions as statement homeware pieces. Then, put some Mazzy Star on, light a candle, and live the whimsigoth dream. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to know which walls you can knock down and which are load-bearing MORE : This alarm clock wakes you up in the worst way possible