Russia is reportedly moving military equipment towards its border with Finland – hundreds of miles away from Ukraine. Support for Nato membership has grown in the Nordic nation since Ukraine was invaded. Prime Minister Sanna Marin said possible membership would be discussed ‘within the coming weeks’. But alarming new footage has now emerged, which seems to show a dramatic display of aggression from Russia. Military equipment, including coastal defence systems, have been seen on the road from Russia toward Helsinki. The missiles form the K-300P Bastion-P mobile coastal defence system, designed to ‘take out surface ships up to and including aircraft carrier battle groups,’ according to the Daily Mail. Last night, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov warned expansion of Nato would ‘not bring stability’ to Europe. His comments followed concerning developments on Friday, when Finland’s websites were targeted in a cyber attack. A Russian government aircraft also briefly violated the nation’s airspace the same day. Finland, and its neighbour Sweden, have previously avoided Nato membership in a bid to not provoke Russia. But the invasion of Ukraine sparked renewed consideration about membership. If they were to join Nato, both countries would benefit from alliance’s defence clause, which calls for all members to defend any ally under attack. Alexander Stubb, a former prime minister of Finland, said last week: ‘The Finns think that if Putin can slaughter his sisters, brothers and cousins in Ukraine, as he is doing now, then there is nothing stopping him from doing it in Finland. ‘We simply don’t want to be left alone again,’ he added, in reference to the Soviet-Finnish Winter War. That conflict lasted from November 1939 to March 1940. Recent opinion polls in Finland have shown 84% of people as viewing Russia as a ‘significant military threat’, up by 25% on the previous year. But, speaking to Nordic journalists on Thursday, Nato secretary general Jens Stoltenberg promised both Sweden and Finland ‘can easily join this alliance if they decide to apply’. He added: ‘They have worked together for many years, we know that they meet the Nato standards when it comes to interoperability, democratic control over the armed forces.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.