Ronnie O’Sullivan believes Jack Lisowski needs to take his game apart and change his style if he is to have a chance of winning the World Snooker Championship in his career. Lisowski won his first round match at the Crucible on Wednesday, beating Matthew Stevens 10-8 in a good performance from the Englishman, but clearly not one that impressed the Rocket. There is no questioning the immense talent of Jackpot, but O’Sullivan feels he needs to change his style entirely to reach the top of the game, diching some flair for a more mechanical action. O’Sullivan is speaking from experience, saying he sees some of himself in Lisowski before he changed his playing style to achieve much more success. ‘It might sound drastic, but I would take my game apart, change my style, become very robotic,’ O’Sullivan said of Lisowski. ‘It might feel a bit alien to him, but I just think nowadays you have to be a robot. It’s no good looking good but making elementary mistakes. ‘I was a bit like that until about 1997 and I decided to deconstruct my game because I knew it wasn’t good enough to win the world title. ‘So I become more robotic, much more methodical. I don’t actually play like that but you feel like you have to, just to slow everything down just to make sure you cut out your mistakes and become more consistent. ‘You lose your flashy pots, the white ball fizzing round the table because you keep things much more tight and compact. ‘But if you want to win the World Championship you have to be a little bit like that.’ O’Sullivan has been critical of Lisowski’s game before, accusing him of having the wrong mindset earlier this season. ‘I don’t like making excuses for people,’ the Rocket said of Lisowski in March. ‘It’s about getting down, winning tournaments. ‘Winners win, losers lose. End of story. You want to be a winner, you need to not just pot balls, it’s the mindset and the mindset makes a champion. ‘Talent and mindset are totally different things, a lot of these players are looking to improve but really it’s a mindset thing. Go and have a chat with Stephen Hendry is what I would say.’ MORE : Hossein Vafaei has ‘had a chat’ with Ronnie O’Sullivan about retirement comments MORE : Kyren Wilson explains simple secret to Crucible success after downing Ding Junhui For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 