Cristiano Ronaldo has confirmed he is back at home with his girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez with their baby daughter, after the death of her twin brother earlier this week. The legendary striker posted an update to his 430 million followers, in a snap alongside his four children, shortly after taking the pair’s newborn girl home. Captioning the post on social media, the Manchester United footballer wrote: ‘Home sweet home. Gio and our baby girl are finally together with us. We want to thank everyone for all the kind words and gestures. ‘Your support is very important and we all felt the love and respect that you have for our family. Now it’s time to be grateful for the life that we’ve just welcomed into this world.’ It came after the sports star was expecting twins with partner Rodriguez but revealed on Monday that while she had given birth to a girl, their son had died. ‘It is with our deepest sadness we have to announce that our baby boy has passed away,’ Ronaldo and Rodriguez began in their statement. ‘It is the greatest pain that any parent can feel.’ They continued: ‘Only the birth of our baby girl gives us the strength to live this moment with some hope and happiness. ‘We would like to thank the doctors and nurses for all their expert care and support. We are all devastated at this loss and we kindly ask for privacy at this very difficult time.’ They added: ‘Our baby boy, you are our angel. We will always love you.’ The pair announced they were expecting back in October 2021. Rodriguez already shared daughter Alana, three, with her footballer boyfriend. The Manchester United star also has son Cristiano Jr., 11, and twins Eva and Mateo, via unknown surrogates in the United States. Rodriguez, 28, kept her pregnancy mostly under wraps, but did share a sweet photo of her getting a baby scan where she was accompanied by the couple’s children. She captioned the photo: ‘Impacientes ❤️ ❤️,’ which translates to ‘impatient’ showing just how excited their kids were to meet the twins. Ronaldo and Rodriguez have been dating since 2016 when they met at the Gucci store where she worked as a sales assistant. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Grennan hospitalised after ‘unprovoked attack and robbery’ in New York MORE : Rio Ferdinand sends message to Manchester United fans after Erik ten Hag appointment 