Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were reportedly not invited to the wedding of Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz. David and Victoria Beckham’s firstborn married billionaire heiress Nicola at a lavish ceremony on Saturday, with the famous couple going all-out with a star-studded guest list. But while the invitees included the likes of Gordon Ramsay, Eva Longoria and even Snoop Dogg, it seems not everyone got the invitation expected. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were rumoured guests at the big day, thanks to David and Victoria attending their wedding in 2018 and David regularly calling Harry a close friend and ‘amazing’ person. However a report from The Mirror suggests that the former senior royals did not get an invite – and were snubbed in favour of Prince William and Kate. A source told the outlet that the former England footballer and Spice Girls star agonised over which royal couple to invite due to the alleged ‘rift’ between the brothers. And in the end, they chose to invite the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge thanks to their long history of friendship; David and Victoria were also guests at William and Kate’s nuptials in 2011. The source explained: ‘David and Victoria wrote to William and Kate inviting them and the family to their son’s wedding, and William replied wishing them a great deal of joy but they are unable to attend.’ ‘David’s attachment and history go back with William and Kate and they have a very strong relationship and they were their choice of wedding guests,’ the source added. ‘It was always about them, it was never about Meghan and Harry.’ While the Beckhams’ alleged decision to invite William and Kate over Meghan and Harry may have meant neither royal couple were present for the big day, there were plenty of other high-profile guests to watch Brooklyn and Nicola tie the knot. Former Spice Girls Mel C and Mel B, as well as tennis legend  Serena Williams were just some of 300-strong guest list for the glam ceremony. Sadly though, fans didn’t get the full Spice Girls reunion they were hoping for, as Geri Halliwell, aka Ginger Spice, reportedly jetted to Australia with husband Christian Horner for the Formula One. Baby Spice Emma Bunton also confirmed that she wouldn’t be able to make it to see Brooklyn walk down the aisle on Saturday, sharing photos of the happy couple on Instagram. ‘These two beautiful souls are getting married today,’ the Baby Spice singer told fans. ‘I’m so sorry I couldn’t make it there to celebrate you both. ‘We Love you all very much. @victoriabeckham @davidbeckham try not to cry to much!! #happytears [sic].’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for William, Kate, Harry and Meghan for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brooklyn Beckham’s wedding to Nicola Peltz sparks mini Spice Girls reunion as Mel C and Mel B make star-studded guest list MORE : Gordon Ramsay and wife Tana photobombed by daughter Tilly during glam shoot at Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz’s wedding 