The night before the cost of living crisis took a dire turn for millions of Brits, Boris Johnson ‘hosted a lavish get together at a five-star hotel’. The prime minister is said to have met with wealthy Tory donors at the upmarket Claridge’s hotel in central London on Thursday. Hours before energy and tax bills soared for struggling families, the PM joked about partygate with guests over canapes and champagne, according to a report. Mr Johnson – who was not spotted drinking bubbly himself – apparently quipped: ‘I can assure you that you won’t be sent any questionnaires for attending this event.’ The Sun said home secretary Priti Patel was also at the two-hour get together along with 150 prospective financial backers. The morning after, a £700 energy price rise kicked in, along with increases in council tax and water rates. Mr Johnson’s National Insurance rate increase will kick in from next week, further squeezing families experiencing the worst strain on living standards in decades. It’s the second time in a week that the timing of the prime minister’s attendance at a party has raised eyebrows. Bereaved families who lost loved ones to Covid-19 protested outside a Conservative Party event on Wednesday, which went ahead on the day partygate fines were first issued. Boris Johnson hosted a dinner for MPs as 20 junior civil servants were informed by the Metropolitan Police that they had been served fixed penalty notices for attending events on government property during lockdown. The £50 fines are said to have been delivered by email but the PM is not among the recipients. Downing Street has committed to making it public if Mr Johnson is personally fined after the Met said more fines are set to be issued in due course. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said that the issuing of fines in the partygate saga meant that ‘we now know there was widespread criminality’ in Number 10. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.