Three London bike taxi drivers have been fined for playing music too loudly in the West End. The unnamed trio were hit with total costs of £1,273 between them for causing annoyance, Westminster City Council said. These fines, handed out at City of London Magistrates Court last week, were at least double those given for previous offences. The riders were found to have played excessively loud music late at night, which disturbed locals and had ‘a negative impact on the health and well-being of residents, businesses and visitors’, according to the council. Since the local authority and the Metropolitan Police teamed up to ‘tackle nuisance pedicab drivers’ in November last year, more than 45 have been reported for prosecution and hundreds have been moved on for causing accessibility issues by blocking the pavement. Most of the issues are thought to be occurring at Covent Garden, Soho, Leicester Square, Chinatown, and Mayfair. There are growing calls for the vehicles to be properly regulated. The latest incidents come after a pedicab operator was caught charging two women £180 for a three-minute journey in the West End in February – ten times more than they had agreed. Council enforcement officers and police ordered the rider to return the money to the women, who were visiting from the Midlands, and asked them to meet them so they could be refunded. Three individuals were also prosecuted for playing loud music in December 2021. Nine riders have also been reported over the same issue, with cases being prepared for possible prosecution. In one night patrol by the Met, some 70 pedicabs were moved on for blocking the pavement. Raj Mistry, the executive director of environment and city for the Council, said: ‘Pedicab operators have caused serious problems across Westminster for many years by playing loud music, not respecting the Highway Code, charging excessive fares and blocking pavements which cause considerable issues with accessibility. ‘This judgement marks a significant change in the severity of fines and hopefully this pattern will continue as more cases are heard in court. ‘Westminster City Council’s teams will continue to work with the police to use our existing powers to ensure that residents and visitors can enjoy the city safely.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : ‘World’s first’ flying taxi could start ferrying passengers on 500 mile trips from 2027