When life gets busy the last thing you want to do is clean up. One of the most hated daily desks, the ‘clear up’ can be extremely overwhelming. However, one busy mum has shared the ‘brilliant’ system, taught to her by a former therapist, which is known as the ‘pile method’. TikTok user @sharon.a.life shared the handy household hack, which involves picking up everything that’s been put in the wrong place and piling it up in the centre of the room. The thought of a messy pile may seem stressful but Sharon says it feels ‘so satisfying’ to see it getting smaller and smaller as everything is put back in its proper place. Sharon tells viewers: ‘What you’re going to do is you’re going to get everything in the room that isn’t where it should be and you’re going to put it in a pile in the room. ‘And if you’re like me and you have three rooms that are a total disaster and you want to get them done all at once, you’re going to get absolutely everything and put it in one giant pile in the middle of the living room. ‘Then you’re going to turn on a TV show or a podcast and you’re going to buckle up.’ She continues: ‘At first the giant pile of stuff is going to be overwhelming. But it goes by so quick and it is so satisfying to see that pile shrink.’ If done correctly, you will have one main central pile but you will also need to make several smaller piles. These piles will represent one room. You will also need a rubbish bag and a donation pile. ‘And then the big pile just shrinks and shrinks and shrinks. I did three disastrous rooms today in like 20 minutes,’ Sharon explains. ‘It limits the amount of choices you have to make, it limits the running around, it limits how distracted you get with other things because you’re just right there. It’s brilliant, it’s the best, and I absolutely love it.’ Those in the comments thanked Sharon for sharing her wisdom and said they would try and implement the method in their lives. One person wrote: ‘I need this in my life! I get so distracted cleaning my house that nothing gets done!’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman uses viral TikTok hand signal to escape kidnapping and domestic violence MORE : Six hacks for car travel with babies to have a less stressful family road trip MORE : Little-known DIY jobs that need planning permission