‘Ah ha ha ha stayin’ alive, stayin’ alive, 9, 10 11, 12, 13…’ I find myself singing as I perform CPR. It’s still early on in my career as a paramedic and breaking ribs makes me want to vomit. Focusing on the Bee Gees for those initial moments provides just enough distraction. The first eight beats is all it takes. They pop easily beneath my hands, then I can focus on the rest with much less risk of emptying the contents of my stomach onto my patient, who is most definitely not stayin’ alive. They rarely do. TV shows seem to have reassured the British public that a pat on the chest and a few lines of the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack brings everyone back from the brink. In fact, the numbers are fairly dire – only 10% of people suffering a cardiac arrest out of hospital survive. So far, I’ve managed one successful resuscitation and that was a paedophile locked up in prison. The thank you letter went straight in the bin. There have been worse jobs than that one though. In fact, it’s said that paramedics are only ever one bad job away from the end of their career and not many paramedics are unscathed by this. An unbelievable 62% said they have experienced a mental health disorder such as anxiety, depression or PTSD. The thing I’m most scared of at work? The day that I’m inevitably involved in the care of a colleague for whom the job has become too much. Your career-ending job might come in your first week, or after 25 years, but those are the lucky ones. Some will have jobs that are life ending; one in four emergency service workers have considered suicide due to stress or trauma suffered at work. I still can’t think of a more rewarding job. We’re the gatekeepers to the Emergency Departments; continually adapting and developing our skills to meet the increasingly relentless demands of our booming population. Jack of all trades, we deliver babies in Ubers, help the nan down (aka elderly fallers stuck on the floor), talk those in crisis down from the ledge, restart hearts and deliver the dying on blue lights and sirens. What more could you want from a career? ‘You know it’s alright, it’s okay, I’ll live to see another day‘: another cracker from the CPR song that keeps on giving. Time of death 04:27. When a fellow paramedic first told me that being a frontline paramedic these days seemed to have an average shelf life of 2-4 years I didn’t quite believe it. Ultimately though I found myself limping to that three year finish line and wondering what next? I handed in my notice after a bad week at the office – a baby choking to death and being held hostage by a volatile and aggressive patient. I had no plan for what I’d do next and so I started to think about what other skills I had. I like talking to people and it seemed people also like talking to me. I have a dark sense of humour and like many paramedics, a number of stories to tell – some more appropriate than others. Whatever I did next it was important to me to raise the profile of paramedics in the public conscience. Not many people really know what the job entails. I want to highlight the work and its impact on the people beneath the uniforms. When I tell people I’m a paramedic they always want to know more. I’m often asked what’s the worst thing I’ve seen – a question all paramedics hate because those things are memories that we’ll carry with us forever and have often resulted in deep personal pain. I wanted to shift the conversation to how we are, what our day to day really looks like and why we do the jobs we do. The idea of raising the voices of my fellow paramedics and other frontline uniformed professionals resulted in the idea of my podcast Beneath The Blue Lights: The Paramedic Podcast. It has allowed me to have conversations with friends and colleagues that we haven’t usually had the space for, and the general public have been so supportive. It’s also helped shape my belief that creating a portfolio career, one that incorporates various jobs, is the key to longevity in the NHS – the answer to staff retention and to improving our mental health. Initially, I handed in my notice after one too many bad jobs resulted in crippling PTSD. I moved to teaching student paramedics in a university and then took extended maternity leave to have my two children and write a book. Yet, call it Stockholm Syndrome or a calling, but after spending a couple of years away from the frontline I realised I missed it. I missed my patients (most of them!) and missed using my clinical knowledge. I decided to go back and now combine my clinical work as a paramedic clinical supervisor with my creative work, hosting my podcast with Pure Creation Media and writing my book Sirens Sing The Blues. This balance has vastly improved my mental health. Each week is filled with variety and it allows me to work both for others and for myself. My highs this week? I kept a suicidal person on the phone for 45 minutes to allow an ambulance crew to find and help them. I also released a podcast episode with Leah Hazard that helped shine a light on the incredibly difficult time our midwife colleagues are having in the NHS right now. I sat in a coffee shop and wrote this article. I took my son to see an array of reptiles that terrified me and thrilled him and I took my daughter on a coffee date where neither of us drank coffee. It has been a far more rounded week than I used to have – and weeks like this will mean that I can continue to help my patients in the NHS for far longer. You can listen to Beneath The Blue Lights: the Paramedic Podcast here. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Ross.Mccafferty@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Katie Price reveals plans to train as paramedic: ‘I think I’ve got a special gift’ MORE : James Argent ‘nearly back to his best’ following paramedic home visit after his ‘very bad relapse’ MORE : Paramedic ‘could only help one patient in 14 hours due to lack of beds’