The last month of spring is always one of the best months of the year, both because of the slowly increasing temperatures and the jolly mood that begins to sweep the nation ahead of the summer months. May is actually National Walking Month, and walking charity Living Streets is challenging people to get out and about for at least 20 minutes a day. Walking has a whole host of benefits, from boosting cognitive function and improving mental health to promoting strong bones and improving cardiovascular fitness. With May bank holiday just around the corner, and a month of – fingers crossed – nice weather to come, why not try some of these gorgeous walking routes from around the UK? Pack a picnic and take a wander around the tranquil Skipton Woods, where you can also visit the mediaeval Skipton Castle, which was built all the way back in the year 1090. While the walk can be a little steep, it’s perfect for beginners: around 3.3km long, the walk is likely to take a little over an hour in total. Don’t forget to bring your walking boots, as this trail can be a little muddy. A classic circular stroll along Northumberland’s Cresswell beach. The terrain is mostly flat and the whole 1.1km walk can be completed in just 25 minutes. Pack some fishing nets and come at low tide if you want to enjoy some rockpooling, too. This 2.4km walk, which should take around an hour to complete, takes you on a journey through an ancient Caledonian forest, past thundering waterfalls and a brilliant community hydro scheme. This is a brilliant spot for forest bathing and simply being with nature. Why not bring a picnic and stay for a while? If you’re into urban hikes, this linear walk from Notting Hill to Chelsea might be for you. See the beautifully coloured buildings of Notting Hill and spot some of London’s hidden gems on this 8.3km walk. Though the walk is flat, it is long, and should take more than three hours to complete. Explore the Heron and Meadow Trails at Paxton Pits Nature Reserve on this walk. Bring your binoculars and look out for otters, foxes, nightingales and even grass snakes. A flat and accessible walk, this 4.8km route should take just over an hour to complete. Take a hike up the ‘holy mountain’ in Brecon Beacon, Wales. Making it to the top of this hike is nothing short of rewarding, with beautiful 360 degree views of the whole area. Coming in at 5.8km long, this walk should take around 2-and-a-half hours. Climb the ‘stairway to heaven’ up to the top of Cuilcagh Mountain, where you can see astonishing views when you reach the viewing point. This 5.6km walk should take a little over two hours. Be warned, though, the walk to the viewing point may be a little steep – thankfully you’ll be climbing stairs and not the face of a mountain. All routes are available on the lifestyle app GoJauntly. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Could you stomach this white-knuckle walk along the world’s longest footbridge? MORE : Cycling or walking: Which is better for you? MORE : Can going for a walk every day really change your life?