Cannabis could soon become a pain relief drug available on the NHS to those suffering from chronic pain. Medicinal cannabis has been legal in the UK since 2018 – but only in very specific forms with medications usually only using specific parts of the plant. ‘Whole plant’ treatments are commonplace in Germany, Canada, Israel and Australia, but not yet in the UK. This may change after an upcoming trial run by private pain clinic chain LVL Health and the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (Nice), The Times reports. The trial, called Canpain, will kick off later this month when 100 people take part in a ‘feasibility study’ to check everything is safe. If all goes to plan, 5,000 patients will be enrolled in the full trial to see if the treatment works. The trial will be open to 18-to-85-year-olds who have been diagnosed with non-cancerous chronic pain – defined as pain that has lasted more than three months. Patients will use an inhaler, with a tamper-proof cartridge, which vaporises the cannabis. Someone with chronic pain would take their dose in one go, taking only five minutes. ‘It’s not like you can puff on it all day long,’ LVL Health’s Tony Samios said. The cannabis would cost £299 a month per patient. ‘Absolutely millions’ could benefit if the NHS starts prescribing it within the next few years, Mr Samios added. He argued that people using inhalers would reap the benefits ‘of inhaling the whole flower without actually smoking it and getting impacted by carcinogens’. The hope is that legalising the use of cannabis in this way would also prevent people from illegally self-medicating by buying it from dealers. It may also be safer and less addictive than opioids – the most common treatment for chronic pain. The NHS says there is ‘some evidence medical cannabis can help certain types of pain, though this evidence is not yet strong enough to recommend it for pain relief’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.