Happy Friday everyone – time to get the inside scoop on what to expect from today. Don’t be annoyed with yourself, Taurus. Be careful about that crush, Pisces! Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for today, April 22, 2022. Read on for your star sign’s forecast. March 21 to April 20 Your no-nonsense side can show up today, as the Moon journeys through Capricorn. If you have any illusions about anything, it’s time to put them to the test. This is wise, as you may be on the verge of signing up for something that isn’t all that it seems. Plus, the Moon’s link to savvy Mercury hints at a practical arrangement, where you and another could do business together. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Annoyed with yourself about something? The Moon’s tie with Pluto could spotlight feelings of failure, when they may not be warranted. Whatever it’s about, take it in your stride and vow to do better today. And with Venus continuing to sizzle in your social sector, key relationships can benefit from her presence. Plus, a new romance looks more promising than it has done, Taurus. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 The Capricorn Moon can highlight issues that involve power and money. Today’s positive lunar ties, encourage you to make safe investments of time and resources. You may be tempted to pour both into something that could use up more than you planned for, and that’s before it’s completed. If you don’t want this to happen, it’s worth taking stock and refining your gameplan. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 A serious talk could lead to you and another becoming an item. The Moon aligns with lovely Venus, so you may be growing fonder of each other. And while it might still be early days, acknowledging this can put a smile on your face. Entangled? There is great potential to rekindle that spark in your relationship, if you’re willing to do new things together, Cancer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Keen to adopt a holistic lifestyle? If so, this could be something you’re wanting to make happen. Try tackling your kitchen cupboards first. If you’re determined to see this through, you may be ready to throw out any food that isn’t on your list of nutritious items. Follow this with a trip to your local farmers market or health shop, and soon you’ll be stocked up and ready to go, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Your realistic approach to most things could be just what’s needed to overcome the indecision that others might be going through. You’ll need to be the one that plans ahead and makes the arrangements, as those you are with may be all over the place. Still, you can count on them to make any outings or events a lot of fun, as without their input, the day could be a tad dull. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 The focus on your sector of finances and resources, can make you aware of how you use your time and money, and how well this is working for you. While a caring focus might inspire you to give without any thought of a return, the Sun and Moon in hard-headed signs, could encourage you to question this approach. It’s time to create more balance, and think of yourself too, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 As the Capricorn Moon links with the planet of harmony, one conversation could be a game changer, if it encourages you and another to work together or become friends. There are some encounters that may be less clear cut, and trusting your instincts might be the best way to handle those. This is a good time to enjoy cultural activities, especially those held in your area. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 A need for household items could see you heading for the shops, armed with a vague idea of what might be suitable. Do some research before you set out, as you may come back with something that isn’t helpful at all, and may have cost the earth. If you need a big-ticket item, then it’s worth reading a few reviews to avoid feeling overwhelmed when faced with too much choice. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 The Moon in your sign can help you to become more aware of your feelings, especially those that have been pushed under the carpet. And as it aligns with upbeat Jupiter, you may feel an urge to down tools and get out and about with friends. The desire for companionship could mean you spend less time brooding. You’ll return happier and more upbeat, Capricorn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Keen to find closure on an issue that’s been on your mind for some while? Don’t put it off, as it will only appear more daunting the longer you leave it. Today’s lunar ties suggest there are some very practical steps you can take to help resolve this, Aquarius. If there is someone who is an expert in this area, then connecting with them could mean you’ll get advice that really works. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 An alignment between the Moon and social planets, hints at an opportunity that sparkles with promise. Something may be to your advantage, and certainly worth looking into in more depth. Attracted to someone? They might seem highly desirable, but do they feel the same about you, Pisces? Keep an open mind and trust your gut. They may be perfect, or not your type at all. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness