A couple, from Cambridge, who spent £5,000 transforming their new build home have added £25,000 to the property’s value. Charley Atherton and her partner George say they kept costs low by doing everything themselves. Thankfully, 31-year-old Charley was already experienced in DIY, having bought her first home at the age of 21 – which needed some work – and renovating two other properties. ‘Although our house is a new build, it still lacked the features we wanted to really make it our home, so we set about redecorating each room,’ explains Charley. ‘Each room has varied in how long they’ve taken to complete, but I would say around a month for each is about right.’ The pair started in the living room – which was the most expensive room to renovate. They created a £1,300 bespoke media wall with wooden planks, which a carpenter helped them assemble, and also spent £350 on lighting. Charley says: ‘In the living room, we knew we wanted storage in this space as new builds typically lack this. We mapped out a design of how we wanted our room to look and included a media wall. ‘We gave this to our carpenter who created it for us which left so much room for storage, while still making the room open and big. ‘Once that was up, we painted the unit, walls and skirting boards and then added the final touches of decoration to make it complete. In total, this was the most costly room at just over £1,600 – but it was totally worth it.’ Charley and George, who share a two-year-old son called Jack together, also wanted to create a playroom from their unused dining room. This involved painting a wall mural of a mountain and rising sun with tester pots and adding new flooring as well as storage from Ikea. Charley adds: ‘I knew I wanted to create a space for my son where he could play and we luckily had an unused dining room, so set about creating a colourful area with lots of accessories and toys. ‘We stripped the carpet, added hard flooring and then purchased some foam tiles from Ikea, so that it was safe for Jack to play. ‘We then stripped the old wallpaper, sanded it down and then created a hand-painted mural of a mountain and sun which I marked out using frog tape. ‘I used tester posts from Dulux which only set me back £17 and then added in storage from Ikea to help keep the room low in budget, yet practical and fun.’ For the kitchen, Charley and George made their own panelling and painted the tiles and added new spotlights to give the room a new lease of life. In total, this cost around £280. While in the guest room, they hung some colourful wallpaper and added bespoke furnishings and decorations. Charley says her and George tried most things out themselves and, despite the project taking a while to complete, they are thrilled with the results. And it seems the couple have added £25,000 to the property – according to a recent valuation. But their hard work is not over yet – as their next project will be tiling the downstairs toilet and panelling the office. In terms of advice for others thinking of improving their home, Charley says: ‘Don’t be afraid to give things a go – especially when it comes to DIY. You can save so much money doing everything yourself, but make sure to take it at your own pace and plan. ‘You’ll be amazed at what you can do when you put your mind to it and I’m so happy with our perfect family home.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Grandma transforms house into pastel dream inspired by dolly mix sweets after separating from ex MORE : Woman transforms 1980s bungalow into chic haven with budget DIY hacks MORE : DIY mum transforms damp caravan for under £3,000, saving thousands on the project