Martin Roberts has revealed he might be in hospital for weeks after having life-saving heart surgery. The Homes Under The Hammer star, 58, revealed he was ‘hours from death’ when he was admitted to hospital with ‘massive amounts’ of fluid around his heart this week. He underwent an operation after having experienced chest pains, and could remain in hospital for another couple of weeks while he recovers. ‘I’m being transferred to the respiratory team today as they think it might have started with a serious lung infection,’ he told The Sun. ‘I may be in hospital for another two weeks.’ Martin had shared the ordeal with his followers, and added that he was left feeling ‘scared and emotionally battered’ by falling so ill. He had told his followers on Thursday: ‘Bit of good news, bit of bad news. I ended up in the Royal United Hospital in Bath yesterday. I’ve been having quite a few chest pains and just feeling generally lousy. ‘So I was brought in here and turns out I had a massive amount of fluid all around my heart, which was actually stopping my heart working. ‘Had they not got rid of it, which they did in an emergency operation last night, then it’s sort of quite serious, like, hours to live kind of c**p. ‘So anyway here I am, still around, thank goodness, thank god and angels, all those things. ‘There’s lots of other complications that have happened as a result, but we will work through those, and I’ll keep you updated.’ He had recently returned from the Poland-Ukraine border after driving for over 24 hours to deliver vital supplies to the refugees fleeing Russian attacks. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Homes Under The Hammer’s Martin Roberts has emergency heart surgery after having ‘hours to live’ MORE : ITV rubbishes claims The Voice UK is  getting axed after 10 years 