A 20-year-old woman who created a ‘meticulous’ to-do list and a ‘murder toolkit’ has been jailed for plotting to kidnap, torture and kill her ex. Sophie George was sentenced to 13-and-a-half years in prison at Lewes Crown Court after pleading guilty to attempted murder and possession of an offensive weapon in a public place. George, who was 18 at the time, was said to be ‘consumed with revenge’ when she filled two bags with bleach, duct tape, forensic clothing, bin liners and lighter fuel. She arranged for her victim and former lover to pick her up from her home in Brighton on October 10, 2020. George insisted the 23-year-old drive her to a location where she collected two filled shopping bags. She then tried to make him drive to a nearby park, at several points grabbing the steering wheel. When he resisted, George pulled out a large serrated knife and threatened him. The man managed to escape the vehicle, but George followed and a struggle ensued during which the victim managed to throw the knife into a bush. He then managed to call 999 but as he did George bit down on his finger to the bone. A woman in flats overlooking the road saw George attacking him, and also dialed called 999. A spokesperson for Sussex Police said when officers arrested George they discovered the ‘sinister’ contents of her bags. He said these included ‘protective clothing, cleaning equipment such as bleach, duct tape and a Stanley knife – all linked to plans to kidnap, murder and ultimately cover up her crimes.’ A search of George’s address also revealed she had made a number of ‘to-do lists’, featuring plans including ‘drive to grave site’, ‘tourture (sic)’, and ‘walk him to site, kill and bury’. The court heard George had first met her victim when she was 17 at Moulsecoomb Station, when he was studying at the University of Brighton. By the time of the attack, he had graduated and was working as a railway engineer in London. Defending George, Graeme Wilson said that there had been an ‘imbalance’ in the pair’s relationship, pointing to her youth and what he said was a difficult home life. ‘She’s not mature, she’s frightened,’ he told the court. ‘Frightened at the time, frightened of what she did and that’s expressed in the letter that Your Honour has before you today. ‘She’s frightened that she’s capable of doing what she did at that particular time.’ George initially denied two charges of attempted murder and one of possessing an offensive weapon. She then pleaded guilty in May last year. Prior to her latest hearing, the judge was handed a handwritten letter from George. Following her sentencing, Detective Superintendent Jon Hull said: ‘This was a cold, pre-meditated plan to kidnap, torture and murder an innocent man, with clear steps to then cover up the crime. ‘I am in no doubt that George would have followed through with her hugely disturbing “to-do list” were it not for the victim overpowering her and the prompt response of our officers to bring her into custody. ‘I would like to thank the victim for his support in this investigation, the member of the public who called 999, and everyone involved – particularly Detective Paul Thomas, who was in charge of the investigation – for helping to take a dangerous individual off the streets.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.