This Morning went a bit off-script when animal psychic Beth Lee-Crowther’s dog was let loose in the studio – and tucked into some food from chef Ainsley Harriott. Beth has appeared on the programme before, and was back to give some more insight into what the nation’s pets are really thinking. But it was her own dog Misty who she needed to be more connected with when she sat down with hosts Vernon Kay and Josie Gibson. She told the pair: ‘I’ve always been in tune with animals…I just thought this was normal. I could have a conversation with them in my mind since childhood.’ ‘I believe you, because my auntie used to speak to horses and she’d be out there for absolutely hours. ‘What do you think Misty is thinking right now, because she’s actually done a runner,’ Josie pointed out. Noticing the pooch was heading towards the kitchen area, Vernon said: ‘I’ll tell you what Misty’s thinking, I love what… oh! She’s dived into Ainsley’s chicken. As Vernon checked Misty ‘hadn’t weed’ in the studio, the crew try to retrieve the dog after taking some of the food on offer. ‘Misty’s taken a little dive for the chicken,’ Josie laughed. ‘Wow, look at them frantically clearing up, that’s absolutely brilliant. Just make sure Ainsley makes another casserole, I’m not eating that one,’ Vernon joked. The trio urged the pup back towards the sofa, as Beth shared with the presenters: ‘She’s a rescue dog, she’s been starved in the past.’ ‘She’s having a whale of a time,’ Vernon added, with Josie commenting: ‘‘Of course she is, she had chicken cooked by Ainsley Harriott.’ Beth apologised for the pooch’s behaviour and told viewers: ‘She’s very greedy because she’s rescued and food is a big thing for her now, sorry about the chicken.’ Those watching were quick to comment on the incident, with one writing: ‘The dog eating their food is the best thing that’s happened on this show in years #ThisMorning.’ Another wrote: ‘Why is this woman just sitting there just letting her dog eat the food and generally cause chaos? It should be on a lead or her lap #ThisMorning.’ ‘Can communicate with dogs yet didn’t hear her pooch say I’m away for food. 🤣🤣🤣 #ThisMorning,’ added a viewer. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC News presenter Shaun Ley pauses live broadcast as he struggles with a sneeze MORE : Bill Nighy proves again he’s one of our purest stars as he reveals he gets a ‘funny, physical sensation’ over cardigans: ‘I go weak’ 