Author Stephen King’s tales may weave nightmares when we go to sleep, but nothing is more frightening to some than his recipe for microwave salmon. ‘Can you microwave salmon?’ you ask. Great question dear reader – according to King, yes! The iconic author has shared his culinary tips and all you need is a hunk of ‘not too big’ salmon, some damp kitchen towels, and a microwave. Writing to his millions of followers, who were soon wildly divided over the meal, King said: ‘Dinner: get a nice salmon filet at the supermarket, not too big. ‘Put some olive oil and lemon juice on it. Wrap it in damp paper towels. Nuke it in the microwave for 3 minutes or so. ‘Eat it. Maybe add a salad.’ Whether or not you eat the salmon before ‘maybe’ adding a salad is irrelevant as his followers reacted in numbers, we tell you. It was a common theme the recipe was both the most terrifying thing he’d ever written (and this is the man behind The Shining and It, remember) and that it also must inspire him to write his legendary stories: ‘This maybe the shortest horror story you’ve ever written,’ while another noted: ‘I now see how you plan your horror books.’ ‘The most iconic author of horror novels microwaves raw salmon,’ a fan wrote. ‘Logic checks out.’ Perhaps recalling some office-based horrors, one mused: ‘Oh, Mr. King, please tell me this is some sort of sick demented joke! Fish in the microwave is a nightmare!’ Even actress Patricia Arquette chimed in, but her comment was more about King’s use of kitchen towel: ‘2 chemicals found in paper towels are Chlorine & Formaldehyde. Chlorine is used to make the paper towel white . Like thermal (receipt) paper, Paper Towel have been found to contain Bisphenol A (BPA), even paper towel made from recycled paper.’ Responding to the division that was brewing in the comments section, King – who continued to share positive reviews of the meal – wrote: ‘I have one thing to say to people slagging on my salmon recipe: DON’T KNOCK OT IF YOU HAVEN’T TRIED IT. 😀’ And, to be fair, a few were on board King’s salmon dish, with one chiming in: ‘I can vouch for Stephen King’s Salmon Recipe for the microwave boys and girls… it’s delicious…I have been microwaving Salmon for years with different spices and then placed over Jasmine Rice.’ For those wondering whether it’s safe to microwave your fish turns out it’s a perfectly safe thing to do. MORE : Stranger Things season 4 episodes ‘cost Netflix $30,000,000 each to make’ MORE : Johnny Depp furiously slams kitchen cabinets in violent footage shown to court