If someone had told me a year ago that I’d spend my next birthday hearing the sounds of sirens and rocket explosions, I would’ve doubted the sanity of this person. Now I’m just glad that my friends are alive and that sometimes we can even walk along the streets where we grew up, which were, just a month ago, in full swing but are now deserted, and covered in debris. My name is Gleb, I work as a tech reviewer for one of the oldest and most popular online media brands in Ukraine. Before the war, I lived in the centre of Kyiv, where my whole life was concentrated. But when Russia began invading Ukraine, I was forced, like many others, to leave my house for safety reasons. Now I am in my parents’ house, a few kilometres from the centre of Kyiv, in the Obolon residential area, where usually, only about 320,000 people live. My most vivid impression of the initial days of the war was of my first descent into a bomb shelter. It was an old school basement, which in peacetime served as a warehouse for all sorts of rubbish. The large, low-ceilinged room was full of people lying, sitting, and standing. Some were trying to calm children, others were crying, most, though, were listening to the sounds of shells falling nearby. Everyone in there understood that the shelter could only protect against fragments of missiles. In the case of a direct hit, we’d most likely be buried alive under a collapsed building. Now, the sounds of explosions and the descents into shelters have become so ordinary, that even after hearing a shot near your house, you’re no longer in a hurry to put out your cigarette and leave your balcony. Kyiv, a bustling capital city, has always hummed and buzzed with life but now, in the moments when the silence is not interrupted by the sounds of explosions, the bursts of automatic fire and the howling of air raid sirens, the city is post-apocalyptically quiet. The roads of the city are blocked by concrete blocks, anti-tank hedgehogs, spikes, sandbags or even trams. To get by car from one point of the city to another, even if you’re just travelling a few kilometres, you have to overcome a dozen checkpoints, where the Ukrainian military and volunteers from the territorial defence of Kyiv check documents and inspect cars. At first, like the explosions near home, these inspections made you nervous: you can’t find your ID in your pocket and forget how to open the trunk in the car you’ve been driving for the past nine years. But over time, you get used to it and feel grateful to the military, who, despite their exhausting work and the constant threat to their lives, are friendly to civilians. In the first days of the war, life in the city halted due to the chilling fear and the constant threat of rocket attacks. But now the centre of Kyiv is gradually coming back to life and, despite regular shelling, people are trying to walk, work and live on, supporting the suffocating economy of Ukraine. Pharmacies, supermarkets and even some coffee stalls are operating, the latter usually directing the lion’s share of their proceeds to humanitarian aid and military assistance. While most grocery stores are open, the shelves are half empty, with almost no bread, vegetables or meat. You can’t buy alcohol, and that’s for the best – now is not the time for drunken minds. So far, the essential goods are available, but the Russians are shelling food warehouses, so it’s hard to say whether we’ll be able to buy food tomorrow, or next week. Sometimes the electricity goes out, but all of us are ready for this – homes are full of charged power banks, canned goods that do not require warming up, books and warm clothes. Unlike millions of Ukrainians, I have a job now. Reviews of smartphones, laptops, and other consumer equipment are of no interest to anyone, so we have refocused to cover events related to the war, which we do from the point of view of the Ukrainian technology media. The owners and managers of my employer, Creators Media Group, which includes ITC.ua, Timur Vorona and Vera Chernysh, support their Ukrainian employees by continuing to pay salaries, despite the war and the actual stoppage of the advertising market. They’ve launched a crowdfunding campaign to help do so. Every day, reading the news, I pray things won’t get worse and our city won’t suffer the same fate as Mariupol or Kharkiv, where I was born. Both of these cities are now being destroyed by Russia, the lives of thousands of their citizens either cut short or ruined. The people in Kyiv are lucky enough to be alive – yes, they’re at the risk of being targeted by a Russian missile any minute and they go to bed afraid not to wake up the next morning, but they’re still alive. We believe that victory is near, we just need to do everything in our power to fight for it. Glory to Ukraine! You can support Gleb and his Ukrainian media team here: https://fundrazr.com/cmg-campaign Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : More than 4,000,000 people have now fled their homes in Ukraine MORE : Putin on the run as Ukraine re-takes captured towns and starts bombing Russia MORE : Standing with Ukraine: How you can help people fleeing the war by supporting the Homes for Ukraine scheme