A$AP Rocky was arrested at LAX airport on Wednesday in connection with an alleged shooting. The 33-year-old rapper had just returned from a holiday in Barbados, where he was joined by pregnant girlfriend Rihanna, when police took him into custody at the Los Angeles airport. Rocky’s lawyer, Alan Jackson, is said to have confirmed that the arrest was in relation to a shooting in November 2021. The rapper, real name Rakim Mayers, had been under investigation by the Los Angeles Police Department but this had not been public knowledge. The LAPD has now confirmed details of the alleged shooting and Rocky’s arrest. The incident is said to have taken place on November 6 near Selma Avenue and Argyle Avenue in the Hollywood area at around 10:15pm. It’s claimed Rocky and the alleged victim were ‘acquaintances’. In a press release, the department said: ‘The argument escalated and resulted in the suspect firing a handgun at the victim. ‘The victim sustained a minor injury from the incident and later sought his medical treatment. Following the shooting, the suspect and two additional males fled the area on foot. ‘Detectives worked diligently to investigate and corroborate the reporting information which helped identify the suspect(s) involved. The suspect has been identified as 33-year-old Rakim Mayers, a Los Angeles resident, also known as music artist A$AP Rocky.’ They added: ‘Early this morning, LAPD officers arrested Mayers for assault with a deadly weapon (firearm) at the Los Angeles International Airport. This case will be presented to the Los Angeles County District Attorney’s Office for filing consideration.’ The man claims Rocky shot at him up to four times and that one of the bullets grazed his left hand. LAPD are said to have made the arrest with assistance from Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s Homeland Security Investigations team. The arrest came hours after Rocky had enjoyed a beach holiday with girlfriend Rihanna, 34, in the singer’s native country Barbados. They are expecting their first child together having announced Rihanna’s pregnancy in February. The We Found Love singer is due to give birth this spring. However, the couple’s relationship has been under scrutiny in recent days following claims that Rocky had cheated on Rihanna causing them to split. Rumours mounted on social media that Rocky had been romantically involved with shoe designer Amina Muaddi, but she soon shut down the reports. In an Instagram post, she wrote: ‘I’ve always believed that an unfounded lie spread on social media doesn’t deserve any response or clarification, especially one that is so vile. ‘I initially assumed that this fake gossip – fabricated with such malicious intent – would not be taken seriously. However in the last 24h I’ve been reminded that we live in a society that is so quick to speak on topics regardless of factual basis and that nothing is off limits. ‘Not even during what should be one of the most beautiful and celebrated times in one’s life. Therefore I have to speak up as this is not only directed towards me but it is related to people I have a great amount of respect and affection for. ‘While Rih is continuing to live her serene, best dressed pregnancy life and I go back to my business – I wish everyone a beautiful Easter weekend!’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to A$AP Rocky’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 