Britain’s Got Talent star Loren Allred has revealed she previously auditioned for The Voice USA before landing Amanda Holden’s Golden Buzzer over the weekend. Loren, 32, who was revealed to be the voice behind The Greatest Showman’s hit song Never Enough from the 2018 musical film, landed a spot in the semi-finals after performing a striking rendition of the track. The singer told Christine Lampard on Monday’s Lorraine that she was a contestant on the third season of The Voice in 2012. She shared that she then selected Maroon 5 hitmaker Adam Levine as her coach, but was eliminated after the first week of the live round of the show, tying for 13th place. ‘It’s been a really long journey in the music industry,’ Loren told the programme. ‘I was in The Voice and I’ve kind of been fighting for my chance for a long time and I’m so lucky that the song was so successful.’ ‘Michael Buble was just rooting for me and giving me a platform to be more known,’ she added. ‘I’m so grateful to him for doing that. ‘I do really feel Britain’s Got Talent is the perfect place to show more people my story and hopefully show them that I’m a songwriter and keep singing.’ Many Britain’s Got Talent viewers were left frustrated by ‘professional singer’ Loren’s inclusion on the show on Saturday night, branding it ‘a farce’ and ‘unfair’. Both Britain’s Got Talent and Loren previously defended her spot on the show after viewers questioned her suitability ahead of the episode airing. ‘We are thrilled to back this year and look forward to viewers watching our BGT bumper special on Saturday and Sunday this weekend,’ a BGT spokesperson said. ‘Whilst most people will have heard the infamous Greatest Showman track, Loren is not a household name, and she deserves her spot on the BGT stage. ‘We hope that such articles will not count against somebody who is well-deserving of this opportunity.’ Loren herself, said: ‘Even though I have spent a lot of years in the music industry, people don’t know who I am. Over all these years I’ve been fighting for my chance to be known and to make it. ‘The opportunity to sing Never Enough evolved from being a session singer in the choir, and even though the song was a big success, people still think that the actress sang it. I have never gotten the opportunity to tell my story. That’s never happened for me. ‘I am an unsigned, independent artist still trying to make a name for myself.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 