Volodomyr Zelensky has accused Russia of using hunger as a weapon to crush Ukraine. The Ukrainian leader said the country’s large agricultural sector is being targeted to undermine the state. Addressing the Irish parliament, Mr Zelensky said the actions risked fuelling a humanitarian crisis in countries reliant on Ukrainian food imports. Speaking over video link from his Kyiv base, he said missiles strikes are crippling the infrastructure needed to keep the country’s vital farming industry going. Ukraine is a major exported of products like corn, wheat and sunflower oil. Mr Zelensky also said people in besieged cities like Mariupol are starving and had resorted to melting snow for drinking water. He said: ‘This night our territory was again hit by Russian missiles. It was done cunningly and hit civilian infrastructure. ‘Our new fuel storage depot was hit by Russia…they are destroying things that are sustaining livelihoods to people – fuel storage, food storage, agricultural equipment, mining fields. ‘They have also blocked all of our seaports together with vessels which had agricultural cargo for export. ‘Why are they doing this? For them, hunger is also a weapon, a weapon against our ordinary people, an instrument of domination. ‘Ukraine is one of the leading food supplying countries in the world…without our food more than a dozen countries will have shortages – this is the reality for millions of people who are hungry, especially in northern Africa. ‘Undermining our state, destroying our infrastructure, deliberately provoking a food price rise – what will happen? ‘There will be political turbulence and violence and new refugees will be looking to save their lives. ‘Russia is using this hunger weapon.’ Mr Zelensky used the address to reiterate calls to European leaders to go further on sanctions against Russia. The West is under pressure to further after atrocities were revealed in suburbs of Kyiv recently retaken by Ukrainian soldiers after weeks under Russian control. There is mounting evidence of war crimes, including apparent executions of civilians and mass graves being used. He accused some of his counterparts on the continent and some business leaders of not considering war crimes as horrific as financial loss. He told the Oireachtas: ‘They’re still looking forward to subdue and occupy all of the Ukrainian people, we want to do our best to make sure that Russia will start looking for peace and leave us alone.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.