Singer Tom Grennan has been hospitalised after being injured in an ‘unprovoked attack and robbery’ in Manhattan, New York. The English singer-songwriter, 26, was left with injuries including a ruptured ear and torn eardrum as well as problems with his jaw, which had previously been fractured. A statement on his social media reads: ‘In the early hours of this morning after Tom’s New York show he was the victim of an unprovoked attack and robbery outside a bar in Manhattan. ‘Tom is currently in hospital being assessed by doctors for his injuries which include a ruptured ear, torn ear-drum and issue with his previously fractured jaw. ‘Despite this, Tom is in good spirits but needs to temporarily recuperate whilst doctors assess his ability to continue with his touring.’ The message from his management continued: ‘Tom is desperate not to let anyone down, however we have taken the precautionary decision to postpone the Washington show tomorrow to a later date, with details to follow. ‘We will update on future shows should changes need to be made. We wish to thank Tom’s incredible US fans for their support and understanding.’ Tom had earlier posted photos and videos from his time in New York telling his followers: ‘the big apple, you lot are magic.’ He had performed at the iconic Bowery Ballroom in New York prior to the incident, and thanked fans for coming out to meet him after the show. Tom wrote on his Instagram story: ‘Great to meet you all afterwards! Thanks so much to everyone who came out.’ His friends and fans shared their well-wishes with Laura Whitmore writing: ‘OH God Tom I’m just seeing this! Jesus hope you’re ok. Sending love xx.’ Becky Hill commented: ‘holy f**k tom i’m so sorry wtf that’s awful!!!’ and Ore Oduba added: ‘WTF!!??? Sending love mate, hope you’re ok…x’ Strictly’s Kerim Zeroual wrote: ‘Bruv! My guy i hope you’re okay! Stay positive and ima shout you, love you man! Stay strong family xxx.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cristiano Ronaldo and girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez return home with newborn daughter after death of twin baby boy MORE : Lila Moss reveals mum Kate tried to ‘put her off’ becoming a model as she stuns on Vogue cover 