Rio Ferdinand and Joleon Lescott slammed Atletico Madrid’s behaviour following their Champions League exit at the hands of Manchester City. City booked their place in the semi-finals of the competition after a 1-0 aggregate victory, progressing after a bruising goalless draw in Madrid on Wednesday night. An explosive final 10 minutes saw Atletico reduced to 10 men when defender Felipe was shown a second yellow card for a dangerous follow-through on Phil Foden. It sparked an on-pitch melee which saw Stefan Savic appear to headbutt Raheem Sterling before the clashing with Jack Grealish, pulling the England international’s hair as they exchanged words. After a tense conclusion to the contest, those two clashed again down the tunnel with police forced to intervene as another skirmish erupted. Following the lively contest, former defenders Ferdinand and Lescott condemned the conduct of Atletico side – with the former insisting City should have celebrated in front of the home bench at full-time. ‘Some disgusting behaviour from some of the Atletico players, they should be embarrassed by some of the antics they got on with,’ Ferdinand told BT Sport. ‘Savic especially. You have to say well done to the way they played. They took City out of their rhythm, took them out of their stride. Well done from a football perspective but some of the stuff we saw towards the end of the game, it isn’t what you want to see. He added: ‘I can’t believe they didn’t go over to the Atletico bench and celebrate in their faces and gave it to them. it was an absolute liberty.’ Lescott added: ‘Overall Atletico did well in the second leg but for the last 10 minutes… you can’t condone that. ‘Simeone has got to take some responsibility for that, he seemed to be encouraging that behaviour.’ MORE : Atletico Madrid defender Stefan Savic attacks Manchester City’s Jack Grealish in tunnel as police intervene MORE : Pep Guardiola left stunned after Fernandinho reveals he’s leaving Man City in press conference For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 