A documentary is being made about Ronnie O’Sullivan during this year’s World Snooker Championship and Mark Allen would take pleasure out of ruining it by beating the Rocket in the last 16. O’Sullivan has a crew filming him during his stint at the Crucible this year, following almost his every move as he bids for a seventh world title. The film makers will certainly be hoping that is how their production finishes, but Allen will obviously be trying to stop that happening when he takes on the Rocket in the second round, starting on Friday. He is motivated to ruin the Rocket party, as he believes many other players would be as well. Ronnie has his documentary crew here and they may want the footage of him equalling the record and lifting the trophy,’ said Allen. ‘Of course I want to ruin that, and so will other players. It’s not the Ronnie O’Sullivan show here at the Crucible, even if that’s what his documentary might be. There are other players battling it out, it’s not all about him. ‘We appreciate how good he is and what he brings to the game, but there are players standing in his way before he can even think about the title. If he is still there by the semi-finals, he may be hard to shift. But playing him you know you have to play well, and that can free your mind up.’ This will be the second time the two men have met at the Crucible after Allen beat O’Sullivan at the same stage back in 2009. The Pistol found himself 7-9 down in that match to bounce back and win 13-11, which will give him confidence 13 years later. ‘It’s what we play the game for – to play the best on the biggest stage,’ he said. ‘I’ll have to play very well, but you could say about others in the second round. I beat him in our only previous Crucible meeting so I’ll try and take those good memories into the match. If I play well and control myself, who knows? ‘And who knows how he is feeling – a day in the life of Ronnie O’Sullivan, I’m not sure I’d want to be in it. Ronnie is Ronnie, he will always bring off-table stuff with him. ‘He is probably the only one in our game that can create the column inches he does. He looks in a good place so far, but we all know how quickly that can change with him. ‘So it is up to me to go out there Friday and Saturday, try to play well and maybe get under his skin a little bit and change that.’ MORE : Judd Trump says best form unlikely against Anthony McGill as he’s not a top name MORE : Mark Williams produces ‘one of the best sessions of snooker ever’ at World Snooker Championship For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 