Everywhere you turn the rising cost of living is evident – from soaring petrol prices to more tax on our payslips. Household bills is another massive area that’s spiked in price – and is set to make an enormous dent in our bank balances over the coming months. And, for anyone living with housemates, this could be a particularly tricky territory to navigate. ‘Dealing with money and bills with housemates can be a tricky subject at the best of times but, as living costs spiral, it can feel more difficult than ever,’ explains life coach Natalie Trice. In fact, new problems might occur in various different ways. Some people might feel they are using less energy than other housemates – so should pay less, as a result. While individuals with bills in their name might worry about late payments, or housemates refusing to pay the additional costs. There’s no denying that money can be an awkward topic to discuss, but it’s vital to stay on top of things – so experts have shared some things to keep in mind, to avoid conflicts when it comes to energy bills. The worst thing you can do is to simply carry on as normal and not acknowledge the elephant in the room. ‘One of the best things you can do – however hard it might seem – is to open up those difficult conversations,’ explains Natalie. ‘Second-guessing what others are thinking (and feeling) can harbour feelings of anxiety and resentment and put a strain on relationships that are otherwise amicable. ‘Calling a house meeting, maybe over a cuppa or a glass of wine, and bringing everyone together to have an open, honest conversation puts things out there and gives everyone the chance to talk about the situation and to start looking at solutions.’ ‘Having a copy of recent bills, with energy usage and costs, is a good place to start – then look at how best to split those costs,’ explains Natalie. This will help you work out the fairest way to divide things up. Natalie adds: ‘It might be two of you work from home, while one works from the office, and another isn’t home much at all, and if this is the case, is there a case for looking at who pays what? ‘You don’t want to get into a battle but being fair is going to help.’ To stop disputes about wasted energy, it might be worth establishing some ground rules, too. Natalie explains: ‘You might also want to have some house rules in place, such as how much the tumble dryer is used, how many long baths people take and how much the heating needs to go on – especially as we head into summer.’ Typically, bills fall in one person’s name – while other housemates transfer their share to this individual every month. ‘While this may seem convenient, this requires a lot of trust from the account holder – and if the account is just in your name, you are legally responsible for covering the bills,’ says Housetastic’s property expert Michael Reading ‘To avoid any problems, you must contact your utility provider and include everyone in your household’s names on the contract. This means that everyone will be equally responsible if any payments are missed, and the responsibility doesn’t just lay on one person. ‘It is also possible to set up numerous direct debits with your energy provider, so money doesn’t all have to go through a middle person before reaching the provider. Instead, everyone can pay their share directly to the utility provider.’ If a housemate is avoiding the issue and withholding any payment, then this can be difficult. Micheal stresses the first point of call is to talk to them directly – and try and come to a solution. If that doesn’t work, you might need to seek alternate routes. ‘As this situation is complicated, it may be worth seeking legal advice from the Citizens Advice Bureau who will be able to advise you, and any other housemates, on the best course of action,’ says Michael. ‘If it gets to a point where you would like to evict your housemate then you will have to check your tenancy agreement, as if you are all joint tenants, one cannot simply be forced out and could result in the whole house having to move out too. ‘Ultimately, if you are no longer in a position to pay your fair share of the bills then you must be open and honest with your flatmates. The worst thing you can do is avoid the issue, as this will only make the situation worse. ‘ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best time of day to wash and dry clothes to save money on energy bills MORE : These five kitchen appliances are the worst for your energy bills MORE : ‘Nursery bills will cripple us’: Mums share the bleak reality of childcare costs