Rylan Clark has showered friend and national treasure Alison Hammond with praise, asking why it’s taken so long for her to be ‘centre stage’ as a presenter. Alison and Rylan were a hilarious double act when the pair were presenting regularly on This Morning, before he left for ventures on BBC. She now hosts every Friday alongside Dermot O’Leary, and fans absolutely love being welcomed into the weekend by the duo. While chatting to Metro.co.uk at the Boots No7 Pro Derm Scan launch party, Rylan thinks Alison landing the major gig ‘should have happened years ago.’ Speaking out on Dermot and Alison’s presenting partnership, he told us: ‘They’re brilliant, I love them. ‘Justice for Alison! I love her, she is one of the nicest women you could ever possibly know. ‘I’ve had nine amazing years of working with her and I can’t believe it’s taken this long for her to be front and centre. It should have happened years ago.’ And we couldn’t agree more. He went on to add: ‘I’m so thrilled that she is having her moment and long may it reign!’ Alison first shot to fame back in 2002, when she was a housemate on Big Brother, before moving onto This Morning months later. As well as being an ITV regular, she appears as a judge on BBC’s I Can See Your Voice, and was one of the contestants on the 2020 series of Celebs Go Dating. We’re sure we’ll only be seeing more of Alison on our screens in the months to come. Elsewhere, Rylan teased he has ‘quite a lot’ coming up elsewhere in 2022, which includes the release of his tell-all book, TEN. It’s set to mark a decade working in the entertainment industry, with an additional chapter marking his very turbulent 2021. ‘It’s sort of a collection of chapters on what I’ve learned over the last 10 years. There will be a chapter on fame from then and now and how I feel about certain things. ‘But obviously, after the last year, I’ll be doing a chapter for 2021 which would be what happened and a follow up to my last book.’ On what else he’s got going on, he shared: ‘A lot personally and a lot publicly. Yeah, a new start personally and a new start professionally. ‘I’m ready.’ This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ed Sheeran now records every songwriting session to protect himself as he speaks on Shape Of You High Court win MORE : Hard Cell: Catherine Tate’s prison mockumentary is joyously funny and surprisingly heartfelt 