Julia Bradbury has opened up about her breast cancer journey and mastectomy, revealing that she found it hard to come to terms with her body following the operation. The former Countryfile presenter shared the news of her diagnosis last September, explaining that she would be undergoing a mastectomy to remove a six-centimetre tumour. Just earlier this week, she posted the heartbreaking moment she found out she would need a mastectomy, in a video showing her breathing deeply as her eyes filled with tears. Ahead of an ITV documentary that Julia has filmed about her experience, to spread awareness of cancer and emphasise the impact a diagnosis can have on the loved ones of patients, she spoke out in a candid new interview. Addressing her reluctance to look at her chest following the surgery, she admitted that she didn’t want to see herself ‘so horribly damaged, bruised and battered’. However, with her mother’s support the star felt able to examine her breasts two months’ later and agreed to have it filmed as part of the upcoming programme. ‘It was always a career no, getting my breasts out on television, but here I go,’ she told You Magazine. ‘I looked at it in the bedroom in my wardrobe mirror and – I don’t want to upset my surgeon, because he has done a brilliant job – it looked like a plasticine boob. ‘That was eight weeks post-mastectomy. Several weeks later, my mum looked again and said “Jules, it is beautiful”, and I realised how far I had come.’ Julia, who announced in February that her healing was going ‘very well’ after the preocedure as she returned to TV, also revealed to the publication that she does not yet have the ‘all clear’ from doctors, after ‘micro-invasions’ – tiny fragments of cancerous cells – leached out of her milk duct and into her breast tissue. Genetic testing has also shown that she has a higher-than-average chance of her cancer returning. She said: ‘I’m in the top five or six per cent of women in the country in terms of the likelihood of recurrence. That puts me in the “moderate risk” category – higher than the average woman – but, look, it’s about percentages and perspectives.’ Explaining that the doctors ‘have not found a huge spread of an aggressive cancer’, the TV presenter remained upbeat. ‘I have lost my breast but been able to have an implant and keep my own nipple. I feel lucky and grateful every single day, and I have to learn to live with this risk, to accept the fragility of life, without it consuming me.’ Alongside the recent post to Instagram of her video clip, where Julia announced her documentary, she added: ‘Check yourself… I discovered a lump but had two mammograms that didn’t reveal my lump as cancerous due to my dense breasts. Be body aware & trust your instincts. Sending healing thoughts & gratitude for all the support I’ve had.’ An air date for Julia’s documentary will be announced in due course. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Idris Elba’s Fight School: Hollywood star hailed ‘inspirational figure’ for helping diverse youngsters transform their lives MORE : Lizzo naturally gets her twerk on while playing flute during Saturday Night Live hosting debut 