Manchester United and Liverpool fans united in support of Cristiano Ronaldo during tonight’s crunch Premier League clash following news of the forward’s baby son tragically passing away. On Monday night, Ronaldo took to Instagram to share the devastating news that he and his partner Georgina Rodriguez’s baby son had died during childbirth, while their newborn daughter survived. The Portuguese star missed tonight’s clash at Anfield but both sets of supporters were eager to pay their respects and rose to their feet to clap during the seventh minute of the match. Liverpool had taken the lead through Luis Diaz just three minutes earlier but fans still took time to clap for Ronaldo and his family as a rendition of ‘You’ll Never Walk Alone’ was belted out from the crowd. Both sets of players also wore black armbands while Gary Neville, working on punditry duty for Sky Sports, offered his condolences to his former team-mate before kick-off. United boss Ralf Rangnick also expressed his support to his star striker before the match. ‘Of course this is the worst that can happen,’ the German said. ‘I’m the father of two sons myself so I’m fully aware what that means. We’re all behind him and wish him and his family are strong together.’ A statement from United before kick-off read: ‘Fans of Manchester United and Liverpool will unite in support of Cristiano Ronaldo and his family at tonight’s match between the two teams at Anfield. ‘A fan-led minute’s applause will be held in the seventh minute of the game in a tribute to the Portuguese striker and his partner Georgina, after they announced the loss of their new-born baby boy on Monday. ‘Messages of support from across the football world are continually flooding in on social media and everybody’s thoughts are with the Ronaldo family right now. ‘It was confirmed earlier that Cristiano will miss the game to be with his loved ones. ‘While United and Liverpool share English football’s greatest rivalry, there is a deep-rooted respect held between the two clubs and that will be highlighted by the minute’s applause, which was initially suggested by fans of the Merseyside team. ‘Ralf Rangnick’s United squad led a request to wear black armbands at Anfield and that has been reciprocated by Jurgen Klopp’s Liverpool side.’ MORE : Marcus Rashford replaces Cristiano Ronaldo in Man Utd starting XI for Liverpool clash MORE : Cristiano Ronaldo and Georgina Rodriguez’s family as they announce death of baby boy For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 