Rain didn’t dampen the spirits of determined revellers across Britain last night. City centres were packed as people flocked to make the most of the long weekend. Rabbit ears and Jesus-style fake beards were spotted among the crowds as many chose to celebrate with Easter-themed costumes. The Bank Holiday weekend had started strong for most with busy beer gardens and packed parks. In what was described by sun-starved Brits as a ‘heatwave’, temperatures had reached highs of 23°C. But last night signalled a change in temperature for many. Downpours across cities such as Manchester and Newcastle made for some very slippy walks home for some party-goers. One young man was pictured taking a tumble in Newcastle, as his friend rushed over to film the ordeal. Elsewhere, parties continued on the streets after clubs closed their doors, as people performed with buskers on the city’s streets. In Manchester, revellers sheltered under jackets as they made a dash for taxis and buses home. The four-day holiday has been described as the first ‘normal’ Easter since the pandemic began. Meanwhile in Dorset, police were called to break up a 1000-strong Easter Weekend party. Disgruntled locals complained about hearing music 10 miles away and described the sound like ‘rolling tanks and gunfire’ keeping them up through the night. The Easter weekend’s ‘heatwave’ vanished nearly as quick as it arrived, with many waking up with both sore heads and chilly toes this morning. Forecasters have warned of cooler temperatures this week. Meteorologist Marco Petagna said: ‘The idea is temperatures gradually just creeping down each day for the next few days across the UK. ‘And then the second half of the week is when we get an easterly wind developing, more in the way of cloud pushing in from the east with some patchy rain but still a lot of relatively dry weather too. ‘But the trend is certainly for temperatures to take a bit of a dip so we’re sort of back down to low locally mid-single figures by Thursday.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.