Another day, another fierce Rihanna pregnant fashionista look as she and partner A$AP Rocky stepped out for dinner on Wednesday night. The couple were spotted leaving celebrity favourite Nobu in LA, after a meal together, with the Umbrella chart-topper proudly bearing her baby bump. The 34-year-old opted for a matching ribbed navy crop top and maxi skirt, pairing style and comfort, and accessorised with a Los Angeles Fire Department baseball cap, Adidas trainers and bling courtesy of two chunky necklaces and diamond stud earrings. Rapper A$AP wore a white shirt which he teamed with a sharp black jacket, a statement chain of his own and a striking black and white textured hat. The couple announced they were expecting their first child together in late January in a stunning Harlem photoshoot, with RiRi enjoying putting her blossoming bump forward ever since in a series of eye-catching ensembles. Having been friends for years, the couple was first rumoured to be dating in 2020 before A$AP confirmed their relationship with a GQ interview in May 2021 where he called the star ‘the love of my life’. Their latest outing came the day after Rihanna was unveiled as a new member of the Forbes billionaire list for 2022, thanks to her Fenty Beauty make-up line. The latest list of international billionaires, released by the US business magazine on Tuesday, ranks the singer at 1729. Rihanna is valued by Forbes at $1.7billion (£1.4billion) thanks to the success of her cosmetic brand, which she co-owns with French luxury retailer LVMH, and Forbes said generated more than $550million (£420million) in revenue in 2020. The We Found Love star also owns a 30% stake in the Savage x Fenty lingerie line, which raised money at a $1billion (£765million) valuation in February 2021. She also took the time to mark her mother Monica Braithwaite’s birthday with an adorable throwback picture of them together in matching white outfits at church as she reflected on how her journey to motherhood has ‘unlocked new levels of love and respect’. Describing her mum as a ‘Queen’ and ‘the true MVP’, Rihanna wrote in a gorgeous Instagram post: ‘Today is my Queen’s birthday!!! ‘Being on the verge of motherhood, unlocked new levels of love and respect I have for my mommy in a way that I could never explain! ‘She’s the true MVP and I wanna give her her flowers every second I can! Love you mumzzzz!!! Happy Birthday! We gon celebrate on da link up!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears rejects paying mum’s £460,000 legal fees after branding her worse than negligent Crossroads character MORE : The Crown ‘looking to cast young Kate Middleton’ in final season of Netflix drama 