Sportswear giant Nike say they will work with Tiger Woods after the 15-time major champion was pictured wearing shoes different to those issued by his sponsor. Woods, who has won the Masters five times, has been practising at Augusta this week ahead of a potential comeback following a serious car crash just over a year ago. Playing at Augusta on Sunday, Woods was pictured wearing FootJoy golf shoes rather than his usual footwear from Nike, the company he is still sponsored by. Speaking to ESPN’s Michael Collins, Nike said: ‘Like golf fans around the world, we are delighted to see Tiger back on the course. He is an incredible athlete, and it is phenomenal to see him returning to the game at this level. ‘His story continues to transcend sport and inspire us all. As he continues his return, we will work with him to meet his new needs.’ Woods has been nursing a series of ankle, leg and foot injuries ever since his SUV crashed into a tree in Los Angeles in February last year which may explain why he is trying out different shoes. It was thought the Masters would come too early for the 46-year-old’s return to action but Woods has sparked huge excitement after travelling to Augusta to test out his fitness. However, his former coach Butch Harmon believes it is still touch and go whether Woods tees up at the Masters on Thursday. Speaking to Sky Sports, he said: ‘I know Tiger Woods and he just isn’t going to play the Masters for the sake of playing. If he doesn’t feel he can compete at a high level, even to the point in his mind where he could compete to have a chance to win, I’m not sure he would tee it up just to shoot 79, 79. ‘I think right now, at 46 years old, he’s testing himself to see if he’s capable of competing and he’s not just going to tee it up for ceremony at this point of his life. If he doesn’t feel that he can compete at a high level, then I don’t think we’ll see him this week.’ In 2019 Woods won the Masters for a fifth time, 14 years after his previous victory, following numerous injury problems. MORE : Tiger Woods plays full round at Augusta ahead of possible Masters comeback MORE : Rory McIlroy responds to Tiger Woods Masters speculation For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 