Arsenal legend Arsene Wenger says ‘exceptional’ Mohamed Salah ‘deserves’ a huge new Liverpool contract but insists the deal will ‘create another problem’ for the Premier League club. After months of talks, Salah finally looks set to end the speculation over his future at Anfield by extending a contract that currently runs until the summer of 2023. The Egyptian superstar has scored 153 goals in 240 appearances for Liverpool since arriving from Roma in 2017, and his new deal is reportedly worth £400,000-a-week. Salah signing a new deal will be seen as a huge coup for Premier League and Champions League contenders Liverpool, but Wenger insists it will create its own problems. ‘It sorts one problem out and creates another one straight away,’ the former Arsenal manager told beIN SPORTS. ‘You’re sometimes in this position. ‘You have to do the maximum to keep this player knowing that other players are not far from him, but there is not enough money anymore to satisfy them because you’ve spent too much on this one. ‘He [Salah] has had an exceptional season and since he’s come in, every year he’s been better. He deserves his contract. ‘The only thing is that once they are 30 years old, it’s always how long do you sign then because you know the best paid is already over their peak.’ Wenger was speaking prior to Liverpool’s 3-1 win over Benfica in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final tie. Ibrahima Konate, Sadio Mane and Luis Diaz were on target for the Reds as they took a big step to the Champions League semi-finals, but Salah largely struggled. Salah, 29, also underwhelmed in Liverpool’s Premier League win over Watford last week and Jurgen Klopp admitted he is going through a ‘tough period’ following Egypt’s elimination from the World Cup during the recent international break. ‘Each player in that situation wants to score, and obviously with all the stories around, it’s clear Mo wants to score as well, especially in this moment but it’s all fine,’ Klopp said. ‘It’s a tough period, both boys came back from Africa, it’s really not easy, massive pressure on their shoulders, both have to solve it for their countries. Their managers were part of that as well, to put it on them. ‘I think now he needs time to settle, that’s all. An important game for Mo and Sadio tonight, one could score the other one unfortunately not, but everything will be fine.’ Liverpool return to action on Sunday against Premier League title rivals Manchester City. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 