Dancing With The Stars’ Peta Margatroyd wrote her husband Maskim Chmerskovskiy an emotional message in case ‘something happened’ to him in Ukraine. The 35-year-old star felt like she almost ‘had a heart attack’ when she saw him packing up to escape the country amid its ongoing war with Russia, and she has opened up on her own feelings as she watched her partner’s difficult journey back to the US. She said: ‘To get the phone call and to see him frantically packing his bags trying to get out of the hotel was just like, I had a heart attack nearly. ‘I had to sit myself down and calm down for him. And then the next eight days [that Maks was there] were life changing. Absolutely life changing. ‘I mean, I literally wrote him a text, almost a goodbye text like if something happens.’ Although he arrived safely back in the United States last month, the former Dancing With The Stars pro headed back to Poland to help on the ground. He’s now back in the US again, and admitted he’s trying to find some ‘normality’. Speaking to Entertainment Tonight alongside his wife, he said: ‘The fact that we’re here, the culminating moment is like, how do you get back to the normality of it all? What’s the new normal? ‘For me, it doesn’t exist without the association of the war that is ongoing. It hasn’t subsided. It’s just the relocation of some thing. ‘I was lucky that Peta was with me on this. I made that commitment. We are working with Barnova 27, my organisation. We’re pushing out, we’re working on other ways of getting other things into the country and what’s needed.’ He pointed to the work being done to create ‘livable towns’ as well as the importance of technology such as 3D printing, and he urged people not to ‘forget’ about the ongoing war. He added: ‘I realised when I got home that this is so far away and it’s hard to retell the story over and over. ‘So, I’m just using this opportunity to also say like, “It’s going on right now.” People are just now starting to need even more help and we should stay with it.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing With the Stars’ Maksim Chmerkovskiy battling ‘survivor’s remorse’ after fleeing Ukraine MORE : Maksim Chmerkovskiy’s wife Peta Murgatroyd ‘forever grateful for his return from Ukraine: ‘I’ve never hugged him so tight’ 