Jeremy Clarkson has urged his followers to help support Ukrainian Clarkson’s Farm ‘bee man’ Viktor Zaichenko amid Russia’s ongoing invasion. Following the tragic attacks launched under the orders of Vladimir Putin, refugees have been fleeing into Poland to escape the targeted territory. In a video posted to Instagram Stories, the former Top Gear presenter, 61 – who was seen sitting in his Diddly Squat Farm office – apologised for ‘barging’ in but asked fans to help beekeeper Viktor, who is of Ukrainian descent. ‘He’s got a lot of family and friends who are stuck there and they need our help,’ Jeremy said. Addressing the link attached to the post, the journalist said that fans can donate money to help Viktor’s family ‘buy vehicles that they need to evacuate people that are stuck behind the Russian lines.’ He continued: ‘I can hardly believe I’m saying this in Europe today, but anyway.’ ‘They are stuck and we need to get them out, so pickup trucks, anything they can get their hands on, that’s what they need the money for,’ he added. Viktor’s crowdfunding page has raised over £26,000 at the time of writing, and his personal message explains that ‘the destruction of Ukraine is on a scale none of us ever imagined could happen, and the speed at which it has happened is still difficult to fathom.’ ‘We are immensely grateful to have the support of our friends here in the UK: Jeremy, Lisa and the wonderful team at Diddly Squat who have promised to help us with sourcing the vehicles that we need, and maybe find us some brave drivers who will deliver them over the Ukranian border too.’ After Jeremy posted his plea online, the star shared a video of him reuniting with his farming sidekick Kaleb Cooper at the local pub. Filming for Clarkson’s Farm began last year and reunites the whole Diddly Squat crew. Although no official release date has been confirmed, the series is expected to drop in 2022. Clarkson’s Farm is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Clarkson recalls hitting Piers Morgan at awards ceremony as he weighs in on Will Smith Oscars slap MORE : Clarkson’s Farm star Kaleb Cooper surprises fans by releasing his autobiography 