The government is looking at ways it can lower the price of essentials like food, energy and phone bills as household finances are increasingly squeezed. Wages are not keeping pace with the increasing costs of daily life, meaning many more risk falling into poverty. Labour has called for an emergency budget, saying that Britons are facing a £10 billion increase in annual petrol and diesel costs as well as ‘soaring’ prices in general. Downing Street has agreed that action is necessary, and is thought to be looking at ‘creative’ ways to ease the cost to household budgets that do not involve raising taxes. The ideas include encouraging people to become aware of and claim any benefits they are entitled to. Following Brexit, the UK has the ability to create its own tariff policy and the government is looking at how to ‘champion free trade, fight protectionism and remove trade barriers’. Proposals to ease the cost of living are thought to include cutting tariffs on food which can’t be produced in Britain and has to be imported, such as rice. The Sun reports that minister are also thinking about cutting tariffs on refined oil products, which could make fuel like petrol and diesel cheaper. They said the cost of clothes and electrical items like phones and tablets could also be brought down by allowing more ‘parallel imports’ from overseas. ‘Parallel imports’ are often in a legal grey area, as they are legitimate products but sold outside of the area they were intended to be sold. For example, a third party seller could buy genuine pair of branded trainers in a country where they are sold more cheaply, and then resell them in the UK where the original company sets a higher price. Inflation is now at a 30 year high, leading to the biggest fall in living standards in 70 years. The latest figures do not even take into account the average 54% increase in energy bills that was applied to around 22 million households two weeks ago. Prices increased by 7% in the 12 months to March, up from the previous 30-year record of 6.2% in February. The price of clothes and shoes rose by 9.7% in the year to March, furniture, household equipment and maintenance jumped 10.4% while food and non-alcoholic beverages were up 5.9%. Boris Johnson was due to discuss the cost of living with his cabinet today. No 10 said in a statement that the Government was renewing efforts to raise awareness of the ‘strong package’ of assistance already on offer form the benefits system, from which it said thousands may be missing out. ‘High levels of public debt following the unprecedented support provided during the pandemic, together with rising inflation and interest rates, mean we must maintain control of the public finances rather than burden future generations with higher debt,’ it said. It added Cabinet was also clear that ‘private companies must play their part’. ‘Ministers won’t hesitate to crack down on unacceptable behaviour taking place within industry, where they are unfairly pushing up bills further for hard-working people,’ it said. Labour called for a cut to energy bills funded by a windfall tax on oil and gas companies, as part of the ’emergency budget’. Lib Dem leader Sir Ed Davey, meanwhile, said the government was ‘completely out of ideas’. He said: ‘What the British people need now is proper leadership – that means an emergency budget, a cut to VAT and a windfall tax on the super profits of the oil and gas companies.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.