A young woman has been cleared of killing a man after knocking him unconscious with a single punch during a drunken row. Kelsea O’Hara, then 19, attacked Andrew Turner, 58, when he refused to apologise for bumping into her pal in Bridlington, East Yorkshire, on August 28 last year. Mr Turner fell to the ground, hit his head and died in hospital six days later, Hull crown court heard. But there was no evidence O’Hara’s punch had anything to do with his death, pathologists told the trial. O’Hara, now 20, who expressed genuine remorse for her victim admitted a charge of wounding and was handed a six-month suspended jail term and a curfew. Andrew Espley, prosecuting, said Mr Turner went out for drinks in Bridlington with a friend, where O’Hara and four of her friends were also on a night out. Mr Turner’s friend knew one of the defendant’s friends and he apologised to her for an incident a couple of weeks earlier. At around 1:30am, O’Hara confronted Mr Turner in the street and asked him if he would apologise to one of her friends, whom he had accidentally walked into, but he refused. The court heard how O’Hara ‘threw her purse onto the floor and launched herself’ at her target. She punched him in the face just once, which caused him to lose consciousness and hit his head as he fell to the floor. Mr Turner, from Bridlington, suffered a cut of five to seven inches to the back of his head and was bleeding. He tried to get up when he regained consciousness but was unable to do so, the court heard. Police and paramedics arrived but Mr Turner refused to go to hospital, as his injuries were not initially believed to be life-threatening. O’Hara was arrested the next day and made no comment during police interview, but as Mr Turner did not die until September 3, she would not have been asked about causing his death, the court heard. The trial was told how both a pathologist and a neuropathologist told the trial there was no evidence the death of Mr Turner had ‘anything to do with’ O’Hara. Dale Brook, mitigating, said it was a single punch and O’Hara had originally been charged with causing grievous bodily harm with intent but she had denied this. ‘She has expressed heartfelt and genuine remorse for what she did that night and what happened to the victim. It has taken a substantial toll on her. ‘She has understandably thought a great deal about whether she is the cause of what happened to the victim. This is a tragic case.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.