When Hannah Bishop, 32, and her husband Alex Dennis, 33, moved into their Edinburgh flat in March 2021, it was dark and a bit drab, with deep red walls and neutral furniture. The couple decided to bring in some light by giving their home a full pastel makeover. And they managed to do it on a budget of just £2,500. Today, their flat is a total pastel paradise, with a pastel blue and pink staircase and peach window shutters. Hannah said: ‘I would say I definitely drive the design, and sometimes it takes a little convincing for him to go with it. ‘Alex is a bit more cautious, and his tastes are slightly different to mine, but we’re both really happy with how it’s turned out. ‘His tastes are definitely slightly different to mine, and he’s always very aware of how long it would take to fix something if we don’t like it. ‘Whereas I’m more, let’s just start painting and see! ‘Whenever Alex’s friends come round they always say, yeah this has Hannah written all over it.’ While this isn’t Hannah and Alex’s first flat they’ve bought, this is the first place they plan on staying in long term. Hannah said: ‘We knew it would be a big project when we moved in, but in our previous places we knew we wouldn’t be there more than a few years, if that. ‘This one we’re settling in for quite a while, so we wanted to put our stamp on it. ‘I spent quite a lot of time thinking about the colours, and because Edinburgh is quite dark in the winter I wanted to go with something light and bright.’ Hannah says the colours are a perfect reflection of her and Alex’s personality. Hannah said: ‘We don’t take ourselves too seriously, and now our home reflects that. ‘We also didn’t want anything that looked too modern. ‘It’s just quite fun, and I think we’ve both got more bold as we’ve done more.’ The duo’s main technique for jazzing up the place? A splash of paint. Bonus: that’s something that doesn’t cost a load of money. ‘It’s amazing what just repainting can do,’ said Hannah. ‘We’ve also tried to save money where we can, like we’ve been gifted some tins of paint, and used some old materials our neighbours was getting rid of. ‘We managed to completely transform the staircase for £100, and spent about £300 on the kitchen.’ ‘One of the reasons we moved here was so that we could have people round. ‘It feels like everyone just enjoys being in the space. ‘When they’re here, people are always smiling.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Student transforms old school bus into chic tiny home for less than £8,000 MORE : How to paint your own abstract mural on your walls to add some interest to your interiors MORE : Woman transforms hallway with colourful DIY makeover – using just three items