We’ve all been hibernation throughout the winter months but as the sun creeps later and brighter, it’s time for a round-up of the best fitness and beauty buys to help you make the most of it. It’s time to look after yourself and the planet with these natural products. Ahead you’ll find out pick of the best buys out there, from luxurious lip balms to the perfect pair of trainers to upgrade your workout. Take your pick and treat yourself. The Sculpted By Aimee Hydraglo Serum is a little pot of wonder thanks to key ingredients of hyaluronic acid, ceramide, niacinamide and shea butter. It instantly transforms tired-looking skin. Buy it for £27 from Boots. Give lips some TLC with Aurelia Probiotic Lip Balm. A blend of mongongo oil, Kalahari melon seed oil and rich shea butter, it’s also formulated with a subtle peach pigment and the scents of orange and geranium. Buy it for £18 from Aurelia London. If you’re looking for a running shoe with next-level cushioning, the Cloudmonster by On is super-lightweight and comes with a bold rocker that gives maximum rebound on the road. Buy it for £150 from On Running. This Desert Mist Diffuser by Young Living will transform your living space into an oasis of calm. It functions as a humidifier, atomiser and aroma diffuser and there are 10 LED coloured light options to really set the mood. Buy it for £82.90 (includes 5ml citronella and 5ml orange oils) from Young Living. Don’t let your hands give away your age. Jurlique’s Five Roses Hand Cream is enriched with extracts from five types of rose grown on the brand’s farm, plus safflower oil and sweet almond oil for suppleness. Buy it for £32 from Jurlique. Whether it’s to help with insomnia, lower stress levels or boost energy and circulation, the Yogi Bare Acupressure Set (a mat and neck pillow) can activate more than 210 pressure points between them. Acupressure is thought to restore balance to the Qi, the body’s energy flow. Buy it for £49.95 from Yogi Bare. Salt Of The Earth creates 100 per cent natural deodorants with no alcohol, parabens or harmful chemicals. All packaging is plastic-free, recyclable or refillable, vegan and cruelty-free. Check out the new scents of Ocean and Coconut and Neroli and Orange Blossom in the balm range. Buy it for £8.99 from Salt Of The Earth. Bang & Olufsen Beoplay EX might just be the most comfortable wireless earphones on the market. The shape has been transformed with a more stable fit that sits snugly inside the ear and stays puts whether you’re walking, running or jumping. They’re also fully waterproof. Buy it for £349 from Bang and Olufsen. The capsule SS22 Tennis collection from Ellesse comes in springtime hues of pink, mauve and white with a bold colourblock design. Choose from the Gisela Polo Shirt, Stiorra Skorts, Elsewith Dress and Chrissy Shorts. Buy items for £20 and upwards from Ellesse. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The 10 best tabletop games to play with four people or more MORE : How to cycle comfortably in hay fever season MORE : Expert tips on how to start running with your dog