Boris Johnson has met with Volodymyr Zelensky in person after making an unannounced visit to Ukraine’s capital Kyiv. An image shared by the Ukrainian embassy to the UK shows the two leaders sat together at a table next to the caption ‘surprise’ with a winking face emoji. Downing Street said the visit was a ‘show of solidarity’ with Ukraine. A No 10 spokesman said the prime minister was using the visit to set out a new package of financial and military aid. ‘The prime minister has travelled to Ukraine to meet President Zelensky in person, in a show of solidarity with the Ukrainian people,’ the spokesman said. ‘They will discuss the UK’s long term support to Ukraine and the PM will set out a new package of financial and military aid.’ Ukrainian politicians welcomed the meeting.  Former minister Volodymyr Omelyan tweeted ‘Boris Johnson in Kyiv,’ alongside a heart emoji. Meanwhile the deputy head of Zelensky’s administration, Andij Sybiha, described Mr Johnson on Facebook as ‘the leader in the anti-war coalition…leader in sanctions on Russian aggressor’. He said Zelensky and Johnson were having a ‘one to one’ to discuss Ukraine’s defence against Russia. It comes after Mr Johnson pledged to send £100m worth of high grade military weapons to Ukraine,  including anti-tank and anti-aircraft weaponry and so-called ‘suicide drones’, which loiter over the battlefield before attacking their target. Ukraine is preparing for a bloody battle in the east after Putin’s forces withdrew from the Kyiv region – leaving being evidence of mass killings and atrocities on a scale not seen since World War Two. As the west imposed more sanctions over the massacre, rape and torture of civilians in Bucha, Russia launched a rocket attack on civilians fleeing  Kramatorsk rail station in Donetsk – killing 50 people. Mr Johnson said the strike on the eastern transport hub was ‘unconscionable’ and showed the ‘depths to which Putin’s once-vaunted army had sunk’. At a joint press conference in Downing Street on Friday with German Chancellor Olaf Scholz,  he said the Europe we knew six weeks ago ‘no longer exists’. However he said Putin had ‘succeeded in uniting Europe and the whole transatlantic alliance in support of Ukraine and in solidarity with each other’. After the meeting he tweeted: ”Today I met my friend President @ZelenskyyUa in Kyiv as a show of our unwavering support for the people of Ukraine. ‘We’re setting out a new package of financial & military aid which is a testament of our commitment to his country’s struggle against Russia’s barbaric campaign.’ Meanwhile, Zelensky wrote on Telegram: ‘The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Boris Johnson is one of the most principled opponents of the Russian invasion, a leader in sanctions pressure on Russia and defense support for Ukraine. Congratulations in Kyiv, my friend!’ The PM previously revealed he was keen to visit the besieged capital but security officials were said to be ‘having kittens’ over the idea. A source previously told the Daily Mail: ‘If you set aside the security concerns, which are considerable, the question is whether there is anything additional you could achieve by visiting in person, or whether it would just be a show of solidarity, and whether that is a sufficient goal in itself.’ The prime ministers of Poland, the Czech Republic and Slovenia, were the first to travel to Kyiv two weeks ago before returning home safely. And on Friday, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen travelled to Bucha, a town just outside Kyiv, where Russian forces are accused committing atrocities against civilians including cutting out their tongues. Ms von der Leyen said, ‘here in Bucha we have seen our humanity shattered’. There were already calls for Putin to face a war trial before Russia launched a missile that hit Kramatorsk station as thousands of women and children tried to flee. Last night, Zelensky once again called on the international community to hold the Russian despot to account. ‘All world efforts will be directed to establish every minute of who did what, who gave what orders, where the missile came from, who transported it, who gave the command and how this strike was agreed,’ Mr Zelensky said in his nightly video address. The Kremlin has denied responsibility for the attack, but western officials believe it was probably a Russian Tochka-U missile, which Nato refers to as a SS-21, which was fired indiscriminately towards the town centre.  Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.   