Courteney Cox has revealed her teenage daughter cringes at the videos she posts online. The Friends actress, 57, is active on social media and often posts pictures of her life at home with daughter Coco, 17 and partner Johnny McDaid. When not sharing snaps by the pool, red carpet, walks with her dog or even the odd meme, Courteney has a hobby of putting up funny, sometimes slightly bizarre videos to Instagram. Sometimes inspired by a TikTok trend, sometimes promoting a new project, or sometimes just showing off ‘some truly terrible Friends filters, Courteney’s Instagram has more videos than it does photos. And while her 12 million followers absolutely love it, mortified daughter Coco does not. The actress spoke to InStyle magazine where she said when she first joined Instagram she thought she was supposed to be ‘aloof and mysterious’, but prefers being ‘really silly’ on the platform. ‘Coco gets really embarrassed by a lot of the things I put on Instagram,’ she admitted. ‘Sometimes, I’ll find something on TikTok and put it on Instagram and she’ll say, “Mom, that is so over.” Once, I did this dance, and she was mortified. ‘And actually, when I look back, I’m kind of mortified.’ The Cougar Town favourite had fans in stitches last year when she posted a risqué video to the platform of her trying out a vibrator she was gifted by Gwyneth Paltrow. In the video, she used the sex toy to massage her elbow – but still, we can imagine her teenage daughter probably didn’t think it was as cool as Courteney’s fans did. Courteney shares Coco with ex-husband David Arquette, 50, and the pair have co-parented the teen since their split in 2012. The actress has been in a relationship with Snow Patrol member Johnny since 2013, after they were introduced by none other than Ed Sheeran at a party. When not posting hilarious and cool (sorry, Coco) videos to Instagram, Courteney can be found on the set, with the star recently returning to the role of iconic Gale Weathers for Scream 5. The slasher flick was hailed by critics and audiences, and Courteney has been confirmed to return for the sixth instalment of the classic horror franchise. She will not, however, be returning to sitcoms any time soon, news which may disappoint her fans. The actress admitted she doesn’t ‘find sitcoms all that funny anymore,’ while Friends was ‘iconic and it still holds up’. She added: ‘ I would be afraid to do another sitcom because I don’t want to be compared to Friends.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Courteney Cox confirms she’s returning to Woodsboro for Scream 6 and already has slasher script MORE : Courteney Cox ‘doesn’t remember filming’ so many Friends episodes: ‘I don’t have a lot to look back at’ 