As I approached the disabled toilet in a Swansea nightclub, I could hear whispering and laughing from inside. I was having a night out with friends and I was desperate for a wee after having a few drinks. When I got to the door, I paused, waited for 30 seconds, and weighed up the odds of me wetting myself. I decided they were not in my favour so I opened the unlocked door and rushed to sit on the unoccupied toilet. I sat there thankful that particular disaster had been averted. That’s when I looked up and our eyes met – a couple were playing tonsil tennis. It was as if time had stood still – or, if we are being picky, sat still – as we both strangely couldn’t look away. Even in our inebriated states, this was every kind of wrong. Words went unspoken as the woman’s eyes screamed ‘I’m so sorry’ but not sorry enough to remove herself from against the wall on the other side of the room. As I finished up and exited the scene – still with no words being uttered – the man caught my eye and just nonchalantly nodded at me as I rushed past them. I can laugh about it now, but in truth, non-disabled people using the disabled toilet is a real bug-bear of mine. The harsh reality is that if I don’t manage to make the toilet on time then I could be in the highly embarrassing position of weeing myself in public – or worse. A non-disabled person chooses to use a disabled toilet because it may save them time, but disabled people don’t have that choice – we have to use the accessible toilet out of necessity. I was born with Cerebral Palsy, which means I have limited mobility. I have balance problems due to tight muscles in my legs and arms. I was able to walk fairly independently but in the last three years, I have used an electric wheelchair – apart from in my adapted bungalow – which has given me my sense of freedom back. Using the wheelchair means that disabled toilets are of even more importance to me now. I have countless stories of non-disabled people using accessible bathrooms at their convenience. Like the time I was waiting around 15 minutes for someone to come out of the disabled toilet, only to see the venue’s security guard walk out and explain he was sewing a button onto his shirt. Or the time an employee opened the door to the disabled toilet – which was also a storeroom – because she wanted to get some cleaning products. Thankfully, for her sake and mine, I hadn’t pulled my trousers down when she decided to enter unannounced. There was even a time in my pre-wheelchair days when I had to use the ladies’ toilets because they were more accessible than the men’s ones. Trying to explain to a queue of drunken women that you are disabled and are not just completely leathered is no mean task. In my experience humour is a valuable tool in these situations, but there comes a time when it’s no laughing matter. As a disabled person, I find it very tricky to challenge non-disabled people over the widespread misuse of accessible toilets. I totally understand that not all disabilities are visible and the last thing I want is to cause any embarrassment or upset to anyone who has a genuine need to use an adapted toilet. Having said that, you can normally tell who the non-genuine ones are by the look of guilt on their face as they open the toilet door and see me waiting. It seems that some people see nothing wrong with using a disabled toilet and often try and make an excuse about having used them. The most popular excuse is normally that there was a massive queue at the other toilets. On one occasion, a bloke even put on an exaggerated limp and laughed. Some others try to explain that they have had a few too many – first fatal pee and all that – and couldn’t face the four flights of stairs at my local Wetherspoons. The last thing I want to do on a night out – or any other time – is to come across as a disabled bloke with a chip on his shoulder. However, I also don’t want to have to spend my time worrying if the disabled toilet will be free when I need to use it. Especially, true after a few drinks. At least now I have what is known as a RADAR Key, which is a key that allows you to open more than 10,000 disabled toilets across the UK. The key has come in handy on many occasions when I have been out shopping or on a night out with friends. Often the disabled toilets are locked and the last thing you need is to go chasing around asking members of staff to unlock them for you. The only problem is that other people seem to have acquired a dodgy version of the RADAR Key off eBay. Do a quick search on eBay and a whole number of different versions of the RADAR Key are available to purchase. Despite having some funny experiences, it is highly frustrating when you see non-disabled people abusing facilities that they don’t need. Apart from the obvious reasons, it also shows total disrespect to the very real needs of disabled people. It is only when people are confronted by it do they fully understand the negative implications abusing the system can cause. As a person living with a disability, I try to live my life as independently as possible. Yes, there are times when I need help with stuff – I am comfortable with this – but the last thing you need is obstacles being put in your way through a lack of empathy by other people. Things need to change and the best way to implement change is through education. It is pretty simple – if you don’t have a very real need to use a disabled toilet, then don’t use it. This is because, for many people, the need is very real. MORE : What I wish I knew before I started taking Roaccutane for my acne MORE : As a straight, middle-aged woman I didn’t think I was at risk of HIV – then I was diagnosed at 55 MORE : Anyone jealous of the ‘perks’ I get as a disabled person is being ridiculous