James Anderson has ‘stopped trying to make sense’ of England’s decision to drop him for the recent West Indies tour and admits his international career is ‘a bit up in the air’ as he has been kept in the dark about his Test future. England made the controversial decision to drop their two leading wicket-takers for the trip to the Caribbean with both Anderson and Broad omitted from the Test squad. The move can hardly be considered a success, with England slipping to a 1-0 defeat in the three-match series and pace bowlers Chris Woakes, Ollie Robinson and Mark Wood all struggling with either form or fitness. Anderson has taken 173 wickets at 21.41 over the past five years – and 640 dismissals in 169 matches overall – and admits he is still baffled by his recent snub. Asked if he understands the England and Wales Cricket Board’s decision, Anderson said at Lancashire’s pre-season media day: ‘Absolutely not. ‘I’ve stopped trying to make sense of it and just put it to one side. It was completely out of my control. It is what it is. ‘Something like this, for me, it’s quite a big deal because it came out of the blue. I still feel like I’m bowling well. ‘I was in the top-10 of the world rankings, so I feel like I’m doing a good job for the team. I feel I’ve got a lot to offer, not just on the field but off it.’ Interim director of cricket Sir Andrew Strauss, interim head coach Paul Collingwood and head scout James Taylor picked England’s 16-man squad for the West Indies series. Both Anderson and Broad received what they described as brief phone calls from Strauss to explain their omissions, but Anderson has had barely any contact from the ECB since. ‘I’ve spoken to the head physio,’ the 39-year-old said. ‘It’s a bit strange because I’m centrally contracted but I’ve not had too much feedback from them. ‘It’s difficult because there’s nobody in those positions [head coach and managing director], so I’m presuming that’s why I’ve not heard anything. ‘I would have loved a sit-down, face-to-face, but that’s not always possible in these situations. I would have loved more than a five-minute phone call.’ For now, Anderson and Broad are focusing their attentions on county cricket, with both expected to feature regularly for Lancashire and Nottinghamshire respectively over the next two months before England’s home Test series against New Zealand begins in June. ‘That first Test is on our minds,’ Anderson added. ‘Being centrally contracted, that is how we should be thinking. ‘It’s about trying to find a balance of playing enough but not being overworked for that first Test. I want to be in as good form as possible going into that series. ‘For me, the best way of doing that is performing for Lancashire and trying to win games of cricket. That’s been my mindset forever really – performing as well as I possibly can here and hopefully, those performances will lead to a call-up. If not, then at least we get off to a good start to the season. ‘It’s a bit up in the air in terms of England. What I can focus on, and control, is playing for Lancashire. Having a good two months with Lancashire is going to be exciting for me.’ Anderson is not expected to feature in Lancashire’s County Championship season-opener against Kent on Thursday, while Broad was absent as Nottinghamshire kick-started their season with a 10-wicket victory over Sussex in Hove. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 