Ah, big city living. Isn’t it dreamy? Breathe in that heavily polluted air. Enjoy the hustle and bustle of a man pushing you out of the way when you take a second too long to tap your card on the station’s reader. Head to the hottest restaurants of the moment… and wait two hours in the cold for a table. Such wonders can only be enjoyed in London, the greatest city in the world. And after a long day of excitement, you can come home and rest your weary head here, on a bed offering the convenience of being right by your oven. Yes indeed, on Royal College Street in Camden sits a studio flat that’s now on the rental market, and could be all yours for – drum roll, please – £1,040 a month. The fun thing? If you’ve lived in London long enough, you’ll reckon that’s a decent price to fork out for rent. You’ll also appreciate having some floor space between the bed and the sink, as well as a cupboard for storage. Alas, this flat, listed on OpenRent, doesn’t have a floorplan, so we don’t know exactly how much space you’d get for what you’re paying… but let’s be real, it doesn’t look like a load of room for acrobatic activities. Photos show the kitchen/bedroom, which we assume doubles as your living space, as well as a cramped bathroom with a shower, toilet, and sink (this is shared with another flat, FYI, but does get professionally cleaned once a week). It sure is practical, with snacks from the fridge within easy reach of the bed. Plus, there’s a window. What a treat. To be fair, the location is great – just minutes away from Camden Road Overground and Camden Town Tube station. But before you get too excited, bear in mind that the £1,040-a-month rent doesn’t include bills. If you fancy getting in on this classic London property opportunity, you can get in touch through the OpenRent listing. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : This house is 8ft wide – but that isn’t the most intriguing thing about it MORE : London flat you can rent for £2,875 a month has slightly baffling fake grass detail MORE : What I Own: Sales manager Tom, who bought his Winchmore Hill flat with Help To Buy