Liam Payne has finally spoken about what he’s dubbed his ‘ever-changing’ accent in that now-infamous Oscars interview. In a chat that almost overshadowed Will Smith hitting Chris Rock at the Academy Awards, Liam was interviewed on Good Morning Britain about it, with many questioning why the Wolverhampton-born musician suddenly sounded like he was from the Netherlands. ‘This was in Oscars week – the ever changing accent,’ the musician began on his Instagram Live on Monday night. ‘I’m good at accents, I pride myself on them! I just wish sometimes I could do my own,’ he giggled. ‘What can I say about that really? It was quite funny. I had asked Good Morning Britain, the presenter, I said, “Please don’t ask me too much because I’ve had a lot to drink and I’m under-ly educated about the Oscars [sic].” ‘The very first question the man asked me was, “What do you think about Will Smith?” Now can you imagine, imagine being put on the spot in that moment and knowing, “I can’t say anything wrong because I’m gonna upset someone” and I just did the best I could.’ ‘I actually read back what I said and I stand by what I said. But I’m just sorry it came out in so many accents!’ the singer added. ‘I’m not even sure if it’s an accent I can do.’ Liam, 28, went on to say that his accent changes when he’s around people from different areas, pointing fans towards his first X Factor audition, where he says he doesn’t sound like he’s from Birmingham. He added that his accent also changes around his Doncaster-born former bandmate Louis Tomlinson. ‘That day – I’ll tell you the truth – I was staying in a house with two German people, three people from Texas, one person from Liverpool and me. It sounded like one of those jokes people say where an Irishman and an Englishman walk into a pub,’ he pointed out. Liam ended his explanation by declaring: ‘But it was funny, wasn’t it?’ and we can only agree. Fans were left baffled watching the interview, which took place immediately after the Oscars. ‘Will Smith actually used to live behind my house, I’ve had the pleasure of knowing his son and his daughter very well,’ Liam began, in an unusual twang. ‘We did Men In Black III with him. ‘I believe whatever he felt that he did, he had the right to do. I also felt there were three losers in one fight. He didn’t know, being Chris Rock, he didn’t want to do what he had to do, being Will Smith, and she did nothing, being Jada.’ Confused by his voice, many flooded social media with their comments, with one saying he sounds Dutch. Others commented his accent had twangs of Welsh, American – and even Italian. In the wake of the puzzling interview, people from Harry Styles to John Barrowman weighed in. Meanwhile, the internet did as the internet does, with the chat also turned into a very catchy Celtic folk song. Altogether now: ‘I would rather take the beauty of this situation than take the pain…’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ant Middleton reckons his friend Liam Payne was ‘winding people up’ with his bizarre hybrid accent MORE : Liam Payne concerned about following in One Direction bandmates’ footsteps on Soccer Aid: ‘I’ve got a lot to live up to’ 