The Duke of York and his ex-wife Sarah have been named in a ruling on a High Court case featuring a Turkish millionairess and a businessman based in London. Nebahat Isbilen, 77, claims Turkish businessman Selman Turk tricked her into giving Prince Andrew £750,000 ‘by way of payment for assistance’ with getting a passport, the court heard. Andrew repaid the sum after she claimed to have been scammed, according to documents. Deputy High Court judge David Halpern named Andrew and Sarah in a recent ruling on the case and was told ‘substantial sums’ had been paid to them. Mrs Isbilen had needed assistance moving her assets out of Turkey after her husband, and MP, was imprisoned there owing to his ‘political affiliations’, the judge had been told. She claims Mr Turk ‘dishonestly misappropriated’ around £38m ($50m) of her cash, the court heard. She has an estimated fortune of £66million ($87m). Mr Turk, a businessman and former banker, had agreed to help Mrs Isbilen move her assets out of reach of the Turkish authorities. Mrs Isbilen has alleged that Mr Turk ‘breached fiduciary obligations he owed to her’ and ‘advances claims in deceit’. Mr Turk is fighting the case. Mrs Isbilen’s ‘particulars of claim’ document says: ‘In or around November 2019, Mr Turk told Mrs Isbilen that she needed to make a purported “gift” of £750,000 to HRH Duke of York by way of payment for assistance that he told her HRH Duke of York had provided in relation to Mrs Isbilen’s Turkish passport.’ It adds: ‘The representation that Mrs Isbilen needed to make a gift to HRH Duke of York in connection with her passport (or for any other purpose) was false, and Mr Turk made it dishonestly, knowing it to be false and intending Mrs Isbilen to rely on it.’ The litigation is ongoing and has been heard at the High Court in London. A number of preliminary rulings have been published. In an affidavit, Judge Halpern said a lawyer representing Mrs Isbilen had told him that information had emerged to show evidence given by Mr Turk was ‘misleading’. He said solicitor Jonathan Tickner had told him how evidence showed that ‘money was used for purposes unconnected with Mrs Isbilen, e.g., substantial sums were paid to Prince Andrew, Duke of York, and to Sarah, Duchess of York’. Mr Turk won an award at a Dragons Den-style competition called Pitch@Palace, at St James’s Palace, fronted by the Duke of York. It comes after Prince Andrew accompanied the Queen to her seat in a shock move in Westminster Abbey for the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service on Tuesday. The disgraced royal just weeks ago paid millions out of court to settle a civil sexual assault case with a woman he said he had never met. Virginia Giuffre was suing him for allegedly sexually assaulting her when she was 17 after being trafficked by his former friend Jeffrey Epstein. Andrew had been banished from royal life, first bowing out of royal duties in 2019 after his disastrous Newsnight appearance over his friendship with convicted paedophile Epstein. In January, he was stripped of his honorary military titles and patronages by the Queen and forced to relinquish using his HRH style amid his legal battle. Andrew has strongly denied the accusations and previously claimed to have no recollection of meeting his accuser. Metro.co.uk has approached the Duke of York for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.