Harry Maguire’s England team-mates came to his defence with the type of unity that has redefined life with the national side since Gareth Southgate took charge. There was nothing new about a Manchester United captain receiving hate from England fans but the way in which players from Liverpool, Manchester City and Tottenham came to his aid spoke to the Three Lions’ new-found togetherness. But, appreciative though he was for the support, it was hard to get away from the fact that it was another difficult moment in an increasingly difficult season for Maguire. Deserved or not, the boos were a barometer of the mood music surrounding Maguire at this moment in time. He is stuck in a vortex of mistakes, wrong turns and badly-worded interviews. His relationship with United fans is so strained that he’s blamed for mistakes on the pitch that aren’t his fault and the calls for him to be stripped of the armband seem to increase with every week, even in the absence of a viable alternative. What Maguire cannot escape is the fact that his performances this season have been poor on the whole. While he was always going to struggle to live up to an £80million price tag, Maguire’s displays during his first two seasons at the club were more than acceptable and the 20/21 campaign bore signs that he had grown into his position as skipper. Maguire must front up that his displays this season have not been good enough. Regardless of price or his role in the side, too often he’s failed to carry out the basic demands of a centre-back. A look at Maguire’s league stats per-90-minutes since his move to United in 2019 shows that the defender’s interceptions, ball recoveries, passing accuracy and aerial duel success are all down this season on previous campaigns. Maguire has always excelled in the air, putting him alongside Virgil van Dijk as the best in the league. But his aerial duel success percentage is down to 70.59% this season, compared to 75% last term. His interception rate has nearly halved compared to the previous two seasons, which speaks to a lack of confidence in stepping out of defence. But while there’s little defence of Maguire’s performances this season, there are mitigating circumstances that go some way to explaining them. After an impressive campaign last season, Maguire missed the last stretch of the season and the Europa League final defeat to Villarreal with an ankle injury. Despite being out for a further month after the defeat in Gdansk, Maguire was named part of the squad for the game against Villarreal as he wanted to give himself every chance of taking part. Maguire’s absence was telling in Poland. Eric Bailly partnered Victor Lindelof against Unai Emery’s side and the pair struggled to initiate attacks from the back as the Spaniards sat off, giving United 62% possession over the 120 minutes. Maguire’s injury kept him out of England’s first two games at the European Championships but he started the next five once he was declared fit and was named in the team of the tournament as the Three Lions lost to Italy in the final at Wembley. That alone shows his prestige as one of Europe’s best centre-backs but it’s worth comparing the set-up he thrives in with England to the one that has left him exposed at United this season. With the national side, Maguire often plays in a three-man defence with two wing-backs either side and two defensive-minded midfielders in front of him. This provides greater protection than what’s afforded to him with United and reduces the risk of Maguire being caught out in transition, when his lack of pace can leave him vulnerable. His weaknesses are therefore limited but offensively they’re highlighted, with Maguire afforded the chance to step out of defence to display his ball-playing skills, safe in the knowledge that he has the right type of protection behind him. At United, Maguire is played in a four-man defence with one or two sitters in front of him, meaning the margin for error is far greater. In order to thrive in this set-up – like Van Dijk does at Liverpool – it requires Maguire to be on the top of his game to bring the ball out of defence and to step in for crucial interceptions in transition. Maguire’s been hesitant to do that this term, hindered by a lack of confidence. But it’s not on the field where things have changed, with a change in dynamic off the field creating as many problems for Maguire. The defender was named club captain by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer midway through his first season at Old Trafford, when there was a power vacuum in the squad. Maguire opted to join United over Manchester City because of the prospect of being a vital part of returning the Red Devils to the top but after finishing second last season, the club’s transfer policy pivoted from signing up-and-coming players to adding ready-made superstars to the side in the hope that they could push them to the title. The signings of Cristiano Ronaldo and Raphael Varane were symptomatic of that switch and the pair have directly challenged Maguire’s control of the dressing room, with the defender understandably feeling somewhat inferior up against the duo’s decorated history of medals. Maguire has felt undermined by Ronaldo, particularly as younger members of the squad are in awe of the 37-year-old and tend to follow his lead. A change of manager and the side’s poor form has created instability, contributing to Maguire’s dismal campaign. But what would it say about United’s long-term vision and planning if they were to give up on an £80million investment after one below-par season at the club? One bad season does not make a bad player, and there’s no reason that under the right management, with better tactics, that Maguire could not return to his previous level. Maguire is having a poor season but he’s hardly alone in that regard at Old Trafford, with the likes of Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Luke Shaw, Scott McTominay and Marcus Rashford all experiencing sharp losses of form. David De Gea’s displays this season has shown that a player of top quality cannot be discarded because of a period of bad form, while the likes of Kevin de Bruyne and Mohamed Salah have shown at United’s rivals that environment is just as important as ability when it comes to succeeding. Maguire could have easily opted to join City in either 2018 or 2019 but it was his boyhood dream to play for United. If United are to end their wait for the league title, they will need to continue to convince players to move to Old Trafford despite the lure of immediate success with City and Liverpool. Most of all the decision over Maguire’s future should be left to the new manager, whether that be Mauricio Pochettino, Erik ten Hag or someone else. If he’s not deemed suitable then the manager must be backed, but don’t be surprised if Maguire leaves and thrives elsewhere. Jonny Evans was widely derided during his time at Old Trafford and was sold for a measly £6m in 2015. He then showed his true quality at West Brom, being made captain before earning a move to Leicester City in 2018. The defender was widely linked with a £30m move to both Arsenal and Manchester City, and his displays showed up United’s poor decision-making. This weekend’s clash against Leicester City – Maguire’s former club – is an opportunity for the defender to turn things around. The Foxes fought hard to keep him away from both City and United in 2018, before extracting a world record fee for a defender in order to let him go 12 months later. They’re not the only club that recognise Maguire’s talent. Players with far more ability than Maguire have struggled even more than he has at Old Trafford in recent years. Perhaps it’s time Maguire’s critics scrutinised the club and its set-up, before taking aim at him. MORE : ‘He needs help from his teammates’ – Jaap Stam believes Man Utd players need to tell Harry Maguire how to improve For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 