Manchester City have agreed terms with Erling Haaland’s representatives on a deal that will make him the highest paid player in the Premier League, according to reports. The Daily Mail reports that City have offered a contract worth over £500,000-a-week to the Norwegian striker and his representatives have understandably given it the green light. Haaland has a £63m release clause in his contract at Borussia Dortmund and City are now expected to trigger it in the summer and bring him in on, what is thought to be, a five-year contract. Real Madrid, Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain have all shown an interest in Haaland as well, as have Chelsea and Manchester United in the past. Any of those clubs could also move to trigger his release clause as well, but with a contract agreement in place, City appear to be right at the front of the pack in the race for his signature. Haaland’s father, Alg-Inge, played for Manchester City from 2000-03. The 21-year-old has been close to unstoppable since joining Dortmund from RB Salzburg in January 2020, scoring 82 goals in 85 games across all competitions. The striker has also scored 15 times in 17 caps for his country and has become one of the most wanted players on the planet. Signing Haaland would be a radical departure from the plan City have been using this season as they have played without a recognised centre-forward for the vast majority of the campaign. Segio Aguero left last summer and he was not replaced, leaving only Gabriel Jesus as a senior striker, and even when the Brazilian has played it has often been from the flank. Very much a centre-forward, Haaland would represent a significant shift in philosophy from this campaign for Pep Guardiola. MORE : Why Erling Haaland rejected Manchester United transfer for a second time MORE : Why Erling Haaland rejected Manchester United transfer for a second time For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 