Hallways are often a forgotten space and can become a dumping ground for shoes, coats, bags and everything in between. Easily overlooked, hallways often get put at the bottom of the DIY to-do list. But, when done well, there is a huge amount of potential in that dead space. A hallway is often the first space people see when they enter your home, and it can leave a lasting impression. This is also the case for upstairs hallways, so you don’t want them to feel dark, cluttered or like a design afterthought. Instagrammer, Charlotte Summers from Brighton, completely transformed her upstairs hallway and made it into a whole new room with her impressive DIY skills. She documented the whole journey on her Instagram and spoke to Jacobs & Dalton about the process. ‘One of the main reasons I wanted to build our DIY shelving in the hallway was to have an open place to showcase our personal items in a stylish way, and for it to not only be functional space, but also form an interesting display of what makes us, us,’ says Charlotte. ‘As this is also our office/working space, I wanted to keep the décor minimal to maintain a decluttered mind, and also fill it with things that keep me motivated, such as quotes and prints that mean a lot.’ Charlotte transformed her upstairs hallway from a dark and dated area to a bright, airy and modern space. She even created a built-in bookcase, which she says is a clever way to use the space and create vital additional storage. Charlotte describes her style as a ‘monochrome, classic, contemporary twist’ and she loves neutral tones and classic features within her home. She says she ‘despises clutter’ therefore an element of minimalism also comes into play with her style. Using what would have been wasted space as a home office is a fantastic way to make the most of a floorplan. Charlotte explains how this added feature is her favourite part of the design. ‘I would say our open plan hallway/study area is up there with one of the best decisions we have made in our home renovation,’ she says. ‘When we first bought the house we felt like the box bedroom at the end of the hallway was a wasted use of space and light, as we didn’t need the additional single bed and felt it made the first floor feel cramped and dark. ‘So, we decided to knock the wall down to form an open-plan hallway and study space that was more useful to us and created a better flow through the house. ‘We are south facing, so this demolished wall flooded our hallway with natural light, and a once locked away wasted view of the South Downs, is now a picturesque sight every time you walk up stairs.’ Charlotte has also shared her budget-friendly tips for others who are looking to transform their hallway or any another room in their house: ‘I find one of the biggest money burners when it comes to DIY is wastage through trial and error,’ she says. ‘By planning your cuts carefully, and purchasing materials in the most efficient sizes you will minimise the amount of unusable wasted material and save money on the way. As they say –  Look after the pennies and the pounds look after themselves.’ Whatever the project, Charlotte says it’s vital to make sure you have a plan. ‘It does not need to be set in stone but do not dive in until you can visualise what you’re trying to achieve,’ she adds. ‘In my house, every DIY starts with a cup of tea (or five), a mood board that gives me a general idea of style, accurate measurements (I measure three times to be sure), a rough drawing of what the end goal looks like, and a materials/tools list. ‘I have learnt the hard way that failing to prepare is preparing to fail.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum does DIY transformation using YouTube videos – for less than £500 MORE : How to paint the perfect arch to jazz up your walls MORE : The best time of day to wash and dry clothes to save money on energy bills