A leading Conservative has said a Tory MP accused of watching pornography in the Commons chamber could be expelled from parliament if the claims are found to be correct. Attorney general Suella Braverman told Sky News: ‘I think this is very serious potentially. I think it should potentially carry one of the most serious sanctions. ‘I think that watching porn in the chamber is absolutely outrageous. ‘There are many possible sanctions and they go up to suspension or even expulsion from the House of Commons. The most serious sanction could potentially apply in this case.’ Ms Braverman said the men she had worked with had been ‘respectful, courteous and supportive’. ‘There is, however, a very small minority of men — and it is men — who fall short and there are some bad apples who are out of order, who behave like animals, and are bringing parliament into disrepute, to be honest.’ ‘Speaking from my own experience — I have been an MP for seven years, I have been in politics for 20 years — I haven’t experienced any harassment or sexual misconduct. The men I have worked with have been respectful and courteous,’ she told Sky News. ‘So, I don’t think this is pervasive to parliament or pervasive to politics. I think this is more reflective of a broader social issue we have in our broader culture. ‘We have a minority of people (in parliament) who are subject to complaints. I think that probably reflects many, if not all, workplaces. ‘I think actually we need to be asking ourselves more profound questions as to why as a society we are getting to the position where it is becoming normal for some people to watch pornography in the workplace, why is it so accessible. ‘Those are some of the more profound questions we need to start talking about.’ Ms Braverman told BBC Radio 4’s Woman’s Hour that if a Tory MP was found to have been watching pornography in the Commons chamber they should have the whip suspended and face the prospect of being ousted from Parliament. ‘I keep running through my mind how and why someone would be so brazen… so reckless, so stupid, so appallingly badly behaved to be watching porn in the workplace, in broad daylight, in the presence of colleagues,’ she said. If the case was proven, there should be a ‘severe reprimand’. ‘I think that we would really need to see a situation where the whip should be removed — I’m ashamed this person is carrying a Conservative rosette,’ she said, adding they could be subject to a recall process and ‘no longer holding their privileged position as a Member of Parliament’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.