Dan Stevens has said he felt compelled to hold Boris Johnson to account for his ‘absolutely outrageous’ behaviour after taking a swipe at him on The One Show. The Downton Abbey star took aim at the Prime Minister on Wednesday’s programme in the aftermath of the partygate scandal, which saw him and Chancellor Rishi Sunak fined for breaching Covid rules. The actor left presenters Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas completely speechless with his comments while discussing his new political drama Gaslit from US network Starz. Describing the show, Dan said: ‘Well, what you’ve got is a criminal for a leader who is wrapped in a messy war, embroiled in a stupid scandal and surrounded by ambitious idiots and really should resign and… no I’m sorry… that’s the intro to Boris Johnson.’ Talking about the gobsmacking moment, Dan said he was incredibly frustrated after hearing the news on Mr Johnson’s partygate scandal. ‘I got here and it’s on every radio bulletin,’ he said. ‘Absolutely outrageous. And yeah, it got me quite fired up. I thought it was worth highlighting the extraordinary similarities.’ Dan’s comments ‘seemed to go down fairly well’ behind-the-scenes too as there ‘was massive applause and laughter.’ ‘I think you know, sadly, it’s all too rare to see someone speaking their mind and the truth on live television these days,’ he added to GQ. ‘Even our best political journalists are afraid to actually say what’s going on, which makes me quite cross.’ Dan said it was hard to ignore the parallels between Mr Johnson’s behaviour and Gaslit, which is based on the events of the 1970s Watergate scandal that led to former US president Richard Nixon resigning. ‘I think with a show, like Gaslit, you know, especially in this country, and people might wonder, “well, this is a very American story. I’m not sure if there’s anything that for me”,’ he said. ‘It’s like, well, actually, a scandal’s a scandal, corruption in a political administration is universally relevant, and it doesn’t matter what country you’re in. ‘There’s already some, there’s always somebody up to some shady sh*t. It’s very much headline news here. I hadn’t really realised until I got on the ground. I mean, it’s, it’s one thing to sort of read about it from across the pond.’ The Prime Minister and Mr Sunak were both fined on Tuesday over a birthday party held for Mr Johnson in No 10 during Covid restrictions in June 2020. Both Mr Johnson and Mr Sunak – and the Prime Minister’s wife Carrie, who was also fined over the party in the Cabinet Room – apologised on Tuesday and confirmed they had paid the fines. The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.