The law-breaking prime minister ‘will make a full-throated apology’ to MPs today as he could face an investigation into whether he misled Parliament with partygate denials. Boris Johnson is expected to brush fresh allegations under the carpet as he’s accused of being the ringleader at one Downing Street leaving do. It comes after he became the first sitting British PM to be found to have broken the law when he was fined for going to his own birthday party amid lockdown restrictions. It is thought he may face ‘at least three more fines’ with a new report claiming the worst pictures ‘are yet to surface’. Sir Lindsay Hoyle, the Commons Speaker, will announce today that he will allow a vote on an investigation into whether the PM misled Parliament, it’s claimed. Yet, the Tory leader will attempt to convince politicians there are bigger issues as he makes his first statement in the Commons since paying his £50. A Downing Street source told The Telegraph he will ‘offer a full-throated apology and recognise the strength of feeling’ among MPs on partygate, but is unlikely to go into too much detail on the matter. ‘He will obviously give an update on the fine because there is a clear need to do that, but it is difficult to pre-empt the findings of an ongoing police investigation publicly’, they said. It’s believed Mr Johnson will zone in on the Ukraine crisis as the invasion enters a new phase with long-awaited battle in the east. The Government’s controversial new policy on sending asylum seekers to Rwanda, the cost-of-living crisis and a trip to India focusing on defence and trade will also be focused on. As well as addressing MPs in the Chamber, Mr Johnson is expected to speak to a meeting of the entire Conservative parliamentary party on Tuesday evening. Several Conservative MPs publicly called for him to resign back in February – but the furore seems to have settled as many insist the country should not change PMs during the Ukraine war. Veteran Conservative MP Sir Roger Gale says it’s ‘not the right time’ for a leadership contest, although suggested an ‘interim administration’ could be led by the deputy prime minister, Dominic Raab. The strength of feeling over Mr Johnson breaking his own Covid rules became clear when senior members of the church recently spoke out. Former archbishop of Canterbury Dr Rowan Williams said that without asking for repentance and forgiveness the British leader’s position was not sustainable. He has recommended Mr Johnson confess in church as a breach of the law ‘has damaging consequences for society’. His remarks follow a thinly-veiled reference to standards in politics by one of the Church of England’s top clergymen, the Archbishop of York. Using his Easter sermon on Sunday, Stephen Cottrell urged Britons to ask what sort of country they wanted to live in. He said: ‘Do we want to be known for the robustness of our democracy, where those in public life live to the highest standards, and where we can trust those who lead us to behave with integrity and honour?’ Cabinet minister Jacob Rees-Mogg indicated the defence Mr Johnson may reach for at the weekend. Speaking to BBC Radio 4’s The World This Weekend programme, he said: ‘I think that when you hear what happened on the party for which he has been fined, many people would think that they were in accordance with the rules, when they were meeting people they were with every day, who happened to wish them a happy birthday, because that was the day it was. ‘I think that was a perfectly rational thing to believe. Now the police have decided otherwise and the police have an authority. But he wasn’t thinking something irrational or unreasonable, that that was within the rules.’ Downing Street declined to comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.