The Grammys is taking place on Sunday, months after it was initially postponed over Covid-19 fears. It was due to occur in January but bosses decided to push the ceremony back, with Trevor Noah on hand to present proceedings, while Lil Nas X and Billie Eilish are among those tipped to take home awards on the evening. All eyes will be on the unfolding bash, especially due to certain incidents at recent award ceremonies, but the Grammys has never been without an iconic moment of its own. Whether it’s Jennifer Lopez wearing the Versace dress of our dreams or Beyonce and Jay-Z being told off by daughter Blue Ivy, there has always been a lot to unpack So let’s have a wander down memory lane at some of the most epic times in Grammys history. If you cast your mind back to 2000, Jenny from the Block innocently stepped foot on the red carpet with an instantly-iconic Versace gown. She looked like a total vision in the floaty palm leaf printed dress, and it turns out we weren’t the only ones who were obsessed. In fact, so many people tried to Google the outfit that the search engine couldn’t handle the demand, with Google Images introduced soon after. Google’s executive chairman Eric Schmidt previously said: ‘At the time, it was the most popular search query we had ever seen. ‘But we had no surefire way of getting users exactly what they wanted: J.Lo wearing that dress. Google Image Search was born.’ And the rest, as they say, is history. Lady Gaga knows how to make a dramatic entrance, and has many under her belt over the last few years. Who could forget the moment she changed into no less than four different outfits at the Met Gala before even making it into the venue? However, her arrival at the 2011 Grammys is among our favourite, as she hitched up inside a huge egg – much like the ones we used to obsessively wait to hatch an alien from when we were younger. Not one for doing things by halves, Egg Gaga was carried onto the red carpet on wooden slats and flanked by guardians until it was time for her to hatch on stage, during her performance of Born This Way. We continue to be in awe. Kanye decided to have a little fun with us all at the 2015 ceremony, while giving us a throwback to the infamous moment he interrupted Taylor Swift on stage at the 2009 VMAs – like we could forget. It was all going smoothly until Beck’s Morning Phase took home the album of the year gong, beating out Beyonce’s surprise album for the trophy. Kanye wasn’t all that thrilled by the snub and popped up on stage to let Beck – and all of us – know, before reconsidering and returning to his seat. Beck seemed to be in on the joke, yelling for the Gold Digger rapper to ‘come back!’ Something tells us we won’t be getting similar scenes this year. Sticking with that interruption, Ye and Taylor were seen hugging it out backstage at the ceremony that same year, appearing to put an end to all of the drama from years before. Pictures showing the pair having a catch up as Kim Kardashian smiling beside them now feel like an ancient work of art, considering the drama that ensued since. What a difference a year makes… In 2016, Taylor won album of the year for banger-filled 1989, shortly after Ye name-checked her in the lyrics to his song, Famous. ‘I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex. Why? I made that b***h famous,’ he could be heard rapping in the track. Appearing on stage, she responded to the claim that he was the one who made her famous with that VMAs speech interruption. She told the crowd: ‘As the first woman to win album of the year at the Grammys twice, I want to say to all the young women out there… ‘There are going to be people along the way who will try to undercut your success or take credit for your accomplishments or your fame. ‘But if you just focus on the work … you will look around and you will know that it was you and the people who love you that put you there. ‘That will be the greatest moment.’ Taylor also claimed that she had not been told about some of the Ye’s lyrics, with Kim later releasing footage of a phone call, showing that Kanye did inform her of the lines. She went on to maintain that she wasn’t told the rapper would refer to her as a ‘b***h’ in the track. The 2012 ceremony really took a turn for the bizarre when Nicki Minaj performed an exorcism on stage while belting out Roman Holiday. During the routine, the Superbass rapper could be seen levitating, writhing and romping on set, leaving many questioning exactly what was going on. While fans at home were divided by the scenes, Nicki was condemned by the Catholic Church at the time, with the president of the Catholic League branding it ‘vulgar’ and ‘insulting’. Mia didn’t quite get the memo of taking it easy during your ninth month of pregnancy, instead choosing to perform for a delighted crowd on the day she was due to give birth. As you do… The musician took to the stage to perform Paper Planes – something which has been described as one of the most epic performances of all time. She made sure to show off her baby bump in a sheer black mini-dress, with black-and-white polkadot patches covering her chest and stomach, completing the look with trainers and sunglasses. Speaking on the red carpet just before, she admitted that her child, who ended up arriving three days after the ceremony, was ‘just moving around, getting his swagger on.’ Queen Latifah gave 33 blessed couples the wedding day of dreams at the 2014 ceremony, on live TV. She hit the stage at the 56th Grammy Awards during Macklemore and Ryan Lewis’ song, Same Love, to officiate a mass wedding of diverse couples, with Madonna also dropping in for the performance. ‘I look forward to the day when presiding over a historic wedding ceremony like this is just the norm,’ she told reporters afterwards. ‘To me, it was special to all the couples we married today and I look forward to dashing off to go sign their marriage certificates. It’s awesome. ‘I had to get sworn in as a commissioner for the state of California, so I’m not an ordained minister like I said, but I’m a commissioner. So you can call me to commish – Queen Commish!’ Blue Ivy totally stole the show in 2018 just by being her iconic self, and telling her famous parents off at the same time. The cameras were on hand to capture a clip of the trio in the audience – that, of course, instantly went viral – when Beyonce dared to clap during Camila Cabello’s speech. Having absolutely none of it, the youngster put her hand out to stop the applause, with Bey obeying and putting her hands down. Not quite content with that, Blue reached out to make sure Jay-Z didn’t follow his wife’s clapping instincts. We know who the real boss in the Knowles-Carter household is. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Grammys tribute planned for Foo Fighters’ Taylor Hawkins after drummer’s death at 50 MORE : BTS’s Jungkook tests positive for Covid after arriving in US for Grammys as he experiences ‘mild’ symptoms 