An explosive new book has revealed secrets of the Royal Family – including major insights into the life of Prince Harry. He is said to have ‘vented’ about his brother’ and ‘poured out resentments’ about his father to ex-girlfriend and actress Cressida Bones. The 37-year-old allegedly felt his brother was ‘hogging the best briefs’ when it came to royal duties. On one occasion, Harry reportedly sent his father Prince Charles back a swanky dinner suit that had been a 30th birthday gift. In The Palace Papers: Inside the House of Windsor, author Tina Brown writes that Bones eventually asked MI6 to recommend a therapist for her ‘angry’ boyfriend. The pair would apparently spend date nights ‘glumly eating takeaway’ and watching Netflix at Nottingham Cottage, Harry’s home at Kensington Palace. While the duke and the actress’s relationship caused ripples at the time, Meghan Markle’s arrival caused a tidal wave of further problems. Prince William reportedly revealed he was ‘nervous’ about how quickly Harry and Meghan Markle seemed to be falling in love. In Brown’s book, a former Palace adviser explains William feared his brother’s ‘mental fragility’ would crumble under the ‘scorching scrutiny and harassment’ Meghan would face. Harry’s solution to this was to marry the American ‘as quickly as possible’ to guarantee her protection. Brown spoke to more than 120 royal insiders ahead of her book’s publication. The sources revealed that neither Prince Charles nor the Queen had reservations about the wedding. Harry and Meghan eventually lost their publicly-funded police protection in the UK when they decided to step down as royals. The bombshell allegations come after Harry sparked a fresh row during an interview with NBC’s Today show. The duke opened up about his ‘special relationship’ with his grandmother the Queen, who he paid a secret visit to while in the UK last week. But he declined to comment on his strained relationship with William and Charles, who he has barely seen in the two years since he quit royal life and moved to the US. When asked specifically if he missed his brother and father, he swiftly dodged the question, saying he was focused on competitors at the Invictus Games. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.