Nearly half of Brits get incensed if drivers in front of them take more than three seconds to move off when lights turn green, a new survey has found. Some 46% of people think it should take no longer than that to get going at a traffic stop, according to the poll by RAC, who accused slowpokes of pushing up congestion and carbon emissions. Men were found to be more likely than women to get irritated by drivers who are slow to start moving, at 50% compared to 41%. Drivers from Yorkshire were the most impatient, with 55% saying they get frustrated by the time it takes others to pull away. Welsh drivers were the most tolerant at 34%, according to the survey of 2,498 drivers. Around one-third of British drivers said they got angry if it took more than six seconds, with just 7% happy for others to take as long as they like. The poll also found that nearly two-thirds of drivers have been held up at a green light for more than 10 seconds. Many lights in the UK only stay green for 15 seconds. RAC spokesperson Simon Williams said any longer than three seconds ‘can start to seem like an eternity when you desperately want to get through a set of traffic lights’. He went on: ‘This severely limits the number of vehicles that can get through before red comes up again, and in turn makes jams – and potentially even air pollution – worse. ‘Too many drivers – for whatever reasons – clearly aren’t paying enough attention to what’s going around them when they’re stationary at traffic lights. ‘As well as increasing journey times, this could have a road safety implication, particularly when people suddenly realise the lights have changed and then hurriedly pull away without properly checking their mirrors and making sure everything is clear around them. ‘More drivers need to pay attention to the lights and not use the time to daydream or worse to check their handheld phones illegally.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.