It’s a good day for an overhaul, whether that be rethinking your daily routine or shaking up a relationship. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for today, April 13, 2022. Find peace in communication Aries, even if it feels awkward getting it off your chest. Scorpio, it’s time to start tweaking those small habits if you want to change the course of your life for the better. As the Sun aligns with Saturn in Aquarius, kindness is on the cards for this sign as we head into the second half of the week. Read on for your star sign’s forecast. March 21 to April 20 With the Moon opposing Venus, there’s no harm in admitting that you need to talk or have something you would like to share. Even if doing so makes others aware of certain weaknesses, don’t let it stop you. Have faith that discussing this can help you find closure and peace. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 The realisation that this is the time to let something go may intensify. And with the Sun linking to Saturn, you’ll be even more determined to resolve this. But first it helps to tackle any blocks. Where do you find yourself coming up short? Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Is someone urging you to be bold? They may be pushing you to accept an opportunity. The question is not whether you can you do it but what is stopping you? Accepting this challenge could be character building. And even if it’s daunting, it could soon see you aiming higher and doing very well. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Need something to get you going? The focus on your travel zone could inspire you to look further afield. Perhaps an exotic herbal tea with extra zest or a new recipe using ingredients that you haven’t sampled, will do it. You might even be drawn to a certain philosophy. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Who do you believe most? You may be surrounded by people whose opinions vary greatly. Some might downplay your chances of success, while others could whip up levels of excitement. A sobering Sun/Saturn link encourages you to consider the pros and cons of either side first. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 This is one of those days when you can get a lot done. Even if some of your tasks are boring and not at all to your liking, you’ll have the stamina to dig in and finish them. Mind, this isn’t to say that your friends won’t be a distraction. You’ll just have to explain to them that things need to be done. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Feeling empowered? It’s time to get started on something that you may have vaguely considered. Now is your chance to do the groundwork so that you can create a strong foundation. A great idea might be too good to waste by not giving it the attention it deserves. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Need to revamp your lifestyle? The Sun/Saturn tie encourages you to start small and take it from there. If you pile too much pressure on yourself at the outset, you’ll be tempted to give up. Making tiny changes one at a time can yield major benefits. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 A relationship that’s been rather formal may become more relaxed. Perhaps you meet this person at a party and they seem different when not in a work role. Getting to know them better can be a pleasant surprise. Keen to collaborate on a creative project? Now is the time! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You may have carved out daily routines that have become automatic and that allow you to accomplish key goals with ease. Some of them might have become so habitual that you’ve lost track of the impact they’re having on you. If so, it could be time to re-evaluate your priorities. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 The Sun aligns with Saturn in your sign so with some focus you’ll have your chores all sewn up in no time and be ready to go. Keen to donate to a fund or charity? Your kind-hearted nature could be amplified by the Jupiter/Neptune tie. Just be sure you have enough left for yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 This can be a time of bold decisions and focus, with the result that your plans may move forward. You don’t have to stick to them too rigidly, though, as allowing some creative inspiration could make a world of difference. If you want to get ahead, balance work and relaxation. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness