Arsenal have cooled their interest in Everton striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin who was among Mikel Arteta’s main targets to replace Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. The Gabon international completed his acrimonious departure from the north London club at the end of the January transfer window. Arsenal were unable to replace the 32-year-old, who has made a stellar start to his   Barcelona career, before the winter window closed and the gamble initially looked as thought it would pay off. Defeat at Selhurst Park on Monday, however, allied to the injuries suffered by Thomas Partey and Kieran Tierney, have put a major dent in Arsenal’s hopes of securing Champions League qualification. In Aubameyang’s absence, Alexandre Lacazette has struggled with the weight of goalscoring expectation that has been placed on his shoulders and the stand-in captain has failed to score from open play since December. Arteta had earmarked Calvert-Lewin as the ideal replacement for Aubameyang but, according to The Daily Telegraph, Arsenal have cooled their interest in the England forward whose season has been plagued by injury. The 25-year-old season has been blighted by injury and he is without a Premier League goal since August for the relegation threatened Toffees. Arsenal remain interested in Real Sociedad striker Alexander Isak and PSV Eindhoven forward Cody Gakpo. Outlining his desire to play in the Premier League, the 22-year-old Netherland international told The Sun: ‘The Premier League is a big league. Virgil van Dijk plays there with Liverpool so I like to watch them. ‘We are not the same kind of league but I think we try to look at the Prem and learn about it. Everybody wants to play one time in the Prem. I don’t favour one team but I like Arsenal a lot. ‘I looked up to Henry when I was younger because he was a tall guy who played on the wing.’ MORE : Paul Merson tips ‘one-man team’ Tottenham to beat Arsenal and Man Utd in top-four race MORE : Emmanuel Petit warns Arsenal against signing Crystal Palace ace Wilfried Zaha For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 