Saoirse-Monica Jackson playfully teased that the Derry Girls cast were there to soothe Liam Neeson’s nerves ahead of his shocking cameo. In last night’s highly anticipated episode of the Channel 4 comedy, Erin (Saoirse), Clare (Nicola Coughlan), and the rest of the squad found themselves in a spot of trouble when they tried to break into their school to find out their GCSE results. However they were soon busted by the police, and in epic scenes, they were interrogated by Mr Neeson himself. During Wednesday’s edition of The One Show Saoirse delved into Liam’s ‘amazing’ feature during Tuesday’s instalment of Derry Girls to presenters Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas. ‘I think everybody loves Liam Neeson, don’t they?’ she began. ‘There’s just a real warmth and it definitely kicked off our series with a real bang.’ Before presenter Alex and Jermaine showcased Saoirse and Jamie-Lee’s selfies with the Taken actor, she suggested that Liam wasn’t as cool and collected behind the scenes. ‘We were there for him to give him acting notes,’ Saoirse quipped. ‘He was very nervous, he always is.’ Liam’s unexpected role took fans by surprise, to say the least. ‘Literally screaming at Liam Neeson on #DerryGirls,’ one person tweeted. ‘They’ve only gone and got Liam Neeson,’ another said about the Northern Irish actor’s cameo, while another added: ‘Well knock me down it’s LIAM NEESON.’ The Love Actually star said he was ‘delighted to be able to play a wee part of the final series of Derry Girls’, saying that he’s a ‘huge fan of the series, the talented Lisa McGee’s incredible writing, and the superb ensemble cast’. ‘It’s such a unique and special show with real heart and amazing to see the lives of ordinary, funny people living in Northern Ireland during The Troubles played out in a Channel 4 comedy,’ he said. ‘It was lovely to be back filming there and having fun with them all.’ The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One and Derry Girls returns on Tuesday at 9.15pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Derry Girls creator reveals code name for Liam Neeson on set after Taken star makes mind-boggling cameo in season 3 MORE : Derry Girls: Where to catch up with the series so far 