Mike Tyson looked to be in great spirits as he met up with Ric Flair at the Benzinga Cannabis Capital Conference after punching a fellow passenger on a plane. On Thursday, footage emerged of the retired heavyweight boxer aiming a flurry for punches at a man sat behind him on his flight from San Francisco to Florida, with his team claiming the individual was being ‘aggressive’ and ‘harassing him’. Hours after the video was shared, Tyson joined WWE Hall of Famer Flair at the conference and the pair later posed for a cheery photo together at an after party. The Nature Boy – who has been back training in the ring recently – posted the picture on Twitter and wrote: ‘We’re Live At LIV In Miami! WOOOOO! @itstyson20 @MikeTyson @LIVmiami (sic)’ The pair – who are launching a cannabis line together – were joined by Rick Ross at the LIV nightclub in Miami, and Flair shared a clip of them discussing his wrestling career as Tyson appeared relaxed while smiling and smoking on stage. Flair simply captioned the clip: ‘WOOOOO! @RickRoss @MikeTyson @itstyson20’ His appearance comes after footage shared by TMZ on Thursday showed ‘Iron Mike’ attacking a man sat behind him on a flight from San Francisco to Florida, with the video appearing to show the man antagonising the 55-year-old, standing over Tyson’s chair and gesturing wildly to the camera. The boxer is said to have had ‘enough of the guy talking in his ear and told him to chill,’ and when he refused, a witness claimed it was then that Tyson started ‘throwing several punches’ at the man. Joann Mignano, a representative for Tyson, has since said in a statement: ‘Unfortunately, Mr. Tyson had an incident on a flight with an aggressive passenger who began harassing him and threw a water bottle at him while he was in his seat.’ Meanwhile, police in San Francisco have confirmed they were called to the scene and detained two people they believed to be involved in the incident on the plane. One of those was treated for minor injuries with police adding the individual refused to cooperate further. ‘That subject provided minimal details of the incident and refused to cooperate further with the police investigation,’ the police statement said, declining to identify either subject. ‘Both people were released ‘pending further investigation’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Mike Tyson ‘had water bottle thrown at him’ before punching ‘aggressive’ passenger on plane MORE : WWE legend Ric Flair, 73, bodyslammed in the ring during intense training session and teases one more match 