Tammy Abraham mocked Bodo/Glimt fans after his goal helped book Roma’s place in the Europa Conference League semi-final and equal a club record in the process. The former Chelsea striker opened the scoring early on Thursday night before Nicolo Zainolo scored a hat-trick in the Italian capital. It marked an impressive turnaround from Jose Mourinho’s side who suffered a 2-1 defeat in the first leg of the tie away in Norway last week. Following the defeat, Abraham was struck with a snowball thrown by a home fan as he headed for the tunnel. The 24-year-old had the last laugh on Thursday however, writing on Instagram after the victory: ‘No snowballs in Rome. Semi-finals here we come!!’ Abraham’s fourth minute effort, his 24th goal of the season, also saw him equal the record for most goals scored in a debut season by a Roma player. The record was originally set by Rodolfo Volk in 1929-30 with the England striker joining esteemed company in Francesco Totti and Edin Dzeko in hitting that number since. Roma will meet Leicester City in the semi-finals of the competition with Mourinho looking to win his fifth European trophy as a manager. Reacting to Thursday’s performance, the Portuguese said: ‘Being in the semi-final is the most important thing, but the way we played from the first minute with high press, intensity, quality playing out from the back, we all felt the game was ours even at 2-0. ‘Even after the first leg when we lost 2-1, I always had the sensation we were superior. ‘We are a stronger team, it is frankly unacceptable we only managed to beat this side at the fourth attempt, but it was the most important. It was 2-1 for them, it ended 5-2 for us.’ MORE : Southampton boss Ralph Hasenhuttl frustrated by Chelsea over Armando Broja talks MORE : Benfica striker Darwin Nunez addresses Arsenal, Chelsea and Man Utd links and responds to Jurgen Klopp praise For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 