A second British fighter has been paraded on Russian TV after he was reportedly detained by troops in the besieged port city of Mariupol. Former Army soldier Shaun Pinner, 48, was one of at least 10 UK nationals who had travelled to Ukraine’s Donbas region, which has emerged as the main scene for Russia’s attack in the last weeks. Footage, said to be aired on a Russian military TV channel, shows him looking tired but with no visible wounds and wearing a blue hoodie. His capture comes just days after Aiden Aslin, 28, an ex-care worker from Newark, Nottinghamshire, became the first British prisoner of war in the conflict. In the video, Mr Pinner says: ‘I am Shaun Pinner. I am a citizen of the United Kingdom. I was captured in Mariupol. ‘I am part of 36th brigade, first Battalion Ukrainian Marine. I was fighting in Mariupol for five or six weeks and now I am in the Donetsk People’s Republic.’ He reportedly told the Russians that ‘he doesn’t want war and wants to go home’. The video was part of an interview with pro-Kremlin journalist Andrey Rudenko, who reportedly told the soldier that his unit did not ‘have a single chance’ to reach safety. ‘The servicemen of the 36th brigade say their command specially sent them to be killed in order to make heroes out of them later,’ Mr Rudenko said. In the report Mr Pinner’s words were not audible but he is quoted as saying: ‘I had no idea, we were abandoned. I do not know who took such a decision.’ According to the broadcast, he told the journalist, there was ‘panic’ among Ukrainian soldiers defending the factory area of Mariupol on Tuesday morning. ‘It was decided we move from the factory, but we did not know exactly where. At about 4am we left the factory,’ the Brit said. ‘It was very dark. We took the injured with us.  Everyone started running in different directions. ‘My commander seems to have disappeared. I still don’t know what happened to those who were there with me.’ Metro.co.uk has not been able to verify the interview and the reports. Jayson Pihajlic, a concerned friend of his in the UK, said: ‘Another former comrade of ours has been captured. ‘Social media seems to be the reason Aiden has not yet been executed. I hope the same for my brother Shaun Pinner.’ Mr Pinner who previously served in the Royal Anglian Regiment, is originally from Bedfordshire but moved to Mariupol four years ago to be with his wife Larysa. Previously, he had been filmed fighting alongside Ukrainian soldiers and recent false reports had claimed that he had been killed in the war-torn city. Chris Garrett, who previously fought alongside him in the Donbas in 2014, told the Sun: ‘He was wounded by shrapnel from a tank round in Mariupol and is in a military hospital. ‘I’m told right now he’s not dead and I trust the people who have told me. They’re also British. ‘I hope their information is right. It’s entirely possible that the photocopy of his passport that the Russians were hawking around were looted from another place and used for propaganda.’ After Mr Pinner and Mr Aslin were captured, the wife of Viktor Medvedchuk, Ukraine’s opposition party leader, has called for her husband to be released in exchange for them. An ally of the Kremlin, he was re-captured by Ukrainian secret service agents after escaping house arrest. Until he was detained earlier this week, his whereabouts had been unknown since he went on the run, with some assuming he may had been smuggled into Russia. His wife Oxana Marchenko made a video address calling for the swap. She said: ‘I, Oxana Marchenko, spouse of opposition politician, people’s deputy of Ukraine Viktor Medvedchyuk, address the relatives of captured citizens of Great Britain Aiden Aslin and of Shaun Pinner. ‘It is in your power to ask the prime minister of your country Boris Johnson to influence Ukrainian leadership and to achieve Aiden’s and Shaun’s release by their exchange for my husband Viktor Medvedchyuk. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.