British comedy drama Doc Martin features Martin Clunes as the titular physician, cutting a grumpy figure as he adjusts to life as a GP in a new area. But looking at where he lived, it’s hard to see what the character had to be grouchy about. The house that plays host to the fictional Doctor Ellingham has gone on sale for £1.25million – and it’s quaint enough to soften anyone’s outlook on life. Fern Cottage has appeared as the home and workplace of the blood-fearing physician for the last nine seasons, attracting tourists from all over the world who travel to have their picture taken in front of the iconic house. With the tenth and final series set to air later this year, the new owner will need to be ready for the attention it places on the property. If you do can handle the photo ops, though, the pretty, Grade II listed fisherman’s cottage is in a spectacular location. Situated on Roscarrock Hill, above the picturesque Port Isaac harbour, the two-bedroom property boasts panoramic views over the village and out to the Atlantic. While Doc Martin fans will be familiar with the exterior, they might not recognise it inside, as filming inside Doc Martin’s GP surgery actually takes place at nearby Roscarrock Farm. The house itself has 717 sq ft of accommodation with a dining room, living room, toilet, and galley kitchen downstairs, as well as space to park two cars out front. Head upstairs to two double bedrooms and a family bathroom, or soak up the coastal lifestyle in the rear tiered garden. Offered for sale furnished and as a business with forward bookings, Fern Cottage’s current owners rent it out as a holiday let, making a healthy income due to its proximity to the coast. On-screen appearances aside, Port Isaac is a hotspot for tourists and locals alike. Known for its beautiful narrow winding streets and traditional Cornish cottages, it has a rich history. Serving as a busy fishing port from the Middle Ages right up to the 19th century, there are still some who work the harbour – although the economy nowadays largely relies on hospitality. The Fisherman’s Friends still regularly perform in the nearby harbour, and renowned chef Nathan Outlaw has two restaurants in the village including a two Michelin starred restaurant. Josephine Ashby from John Bray Estates said: ‘There are so few properties that come onto the market directly facing Port Isaac’s historic harbour, especially one with such TV sparkle. ‘It is also beautifully presented, and comes with a strong letting income, along with parking and a good-sized garden.’ According to Rightmove, properties in the region sell for an average of £663,000 – up 40% since 2019. Apparently everyone wants to escape to the seaside like Doc Martin. Hopefully for residents, though, the person who buys this place won’t seem as begrudging to be there. View the property listing on the John Bray Estates site. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Nearly a third of single Brits want a partner just to save money MORE : Jetsetting bunny rabbit travels almost 9,000 miles in just two years