No matter how good you are with a roller, painting behind a radiator is always an arduous task. You need to reach behind the heater – no easy feat – and paint the awkward exposed parts to get an even finish, or be left with empty patches that can make a room look messy. Some people prefer to remove the radiator altogether, which sounds scary if you’re a DIY novice, but will give you a blank canvas for your chosen wall covering. We spoke to Rob Green, co-founder of paint brand COAT, for some tips on how to paint the nooks and crannies behind a radiator. Thankfully, he says that both working around the appliance and removing it before decoration are safe to do at home – you just need to know what you’re doing. Whichever option you choose, do your prep and you should end up with a room that looks like it’s been professionally done. Removing the radiator before painting will likely get you a smoother finish, but if you find the prospect a bit daunting you can opt for the shortcut method. To paint behind a radiator while it’s still on the wall, you’ll need the following tools: Rob tells Metro.co.uk: ‘After putting your dust sheets down, use masking tape to cover the radiator valves and the pipes. Then wrap a dust sheet around the radiator to protect the surface, have a quick wipe of the wall, and then mask the skirting board before getting to work. ‘Considering a radiator is generally 1-2 inches off the wall, there should be enough room to wiggle a standard paintbrush into the gaps. Then paint as far as you can reach, including both the top and the sides and repeat until you’re all done. ‘To finish, use a long-handled brush for cast-iron styles or a mini roller for modern versions.’ After you’ve done that, he advises using the long-handed roller to blend brush lines, just as you would when cutting in on a wall. He adds: ‘Just load the roller with paint (but don’t let it drip) and roll it down in smooth strokes from the top of the radiator inside the two brackets. ‘You can then work the paint in from both sides using this same technique before letting the paint dry and repeating the process.’ ‘If you can’t stand the thought of missing a spot, actually taking it off will help you get to every inch of that wall,’ says Rob. ‘A lot of new builds come with modern radiators that hang on brackets and easily lift off for access. But if yours is older, you may need some professional help.’ For those that are a little more skilled when it comes to DIY, Simon Morris, Marketing Manager at The Radiator Company, says that you can drain a radiator without needing to drain the whole heating system (and avoid flooding in the process). He says: ‘Radiators can hold a lot of water, and so the process is best carried out slowly to avoid spills. ‘Make sure that you turn off the heating system fully before draining, and use an appropriately sized spanner or wrench to loosen the valve nut gradually before emptying. ‘After painting the wall, you can replace the radiator by reversing the steps above; rehanging the radiator on the wall brackets or floor supports and making sure that the valves are re-tightened as needed.’ If in doubt, always call in a qualified professional. Especially when messing with hot water and pipes, it’s better to be safe than sorry – even if it ends up costing you more than a DIY job. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : More realistic meat-free sausages and burgers could soon be in shops MORE : What does the new ‘space-inspired’ Intergalactic Coca-Cola actually taste like?