A body has been found in the search for a young man ‘with a heart of gold’ who vanished on a night out three weeks ago. Nathan Fleetwood, 21, disappeared in the early hours of March 27 and was last seen walking in Shrewsbury town centre. A frantic search for him attracted 10,000 followers on social media. West Mercia Police announced a body had been discovered in River Severn on Good Friday. Formal identification has yet to take place but his family has been informed of the tragedy. His heartbroken loved ones have asked for ‘space to try to come to terms with our loss’. A message from them said: ‘Everyone that has helped, kind words given, amazing support that has been there, will forever be eternally grateful to each and everyone one of you.’ Tributes have poured in for Nathan, who is described as ‘the kindest person’. ‘Nath we love you so bloody much and miss you even more, your contagious cheeky smile will live on forever’, Charlie Davidson posted. Lauren Fedrick said: ‘You were taken from this world too soon. You were the kindest person and you didn’t deserve this’. Writing on the Facebook page set up to find Nathan, Toby Owen New said: ‘Nathan I just want you to know from the bottom of my heart, we all love you so much and did everything we possibly could to get you home safe. ‘This is my little personal message to you and if I didn’t write it I wouldn’t be able to stop crying. Fly high my friend until we meet again.’ Officers are urging two men who are believed to have helped Nathan book a taxi to get in touch. The men, in their early 20s and well-spoken, were seen helping him on Kingsland Bridge between 3.30am and 4.15am. The first man is described as white, 6ft 2ins tall with curly brown hair in a curtains style. He was wearing light blue jeans and a black Berghaus fleece. The second man is said to be white, 5ft 8ins tall, with a short beard and wearing a beige jacket with the hood up. Detective Sergeant David Bettison said: ‘Firstly we would like to thank the public for all their help since we issued our first appeal, as we have heard off a number of people who have helped us with our searches. ‘We are now eager to speak to these two men, who were seen assisting Nathan on the bridge, as we are led to believe they tried to help Nathan book a taxi so he could get home. ‘There is no evidence to suggest the two men have anything to do with Nathan’s disappearance, but we do believe they could hold vital information in helping us better understand Nathan’s movements in the early hours of Sunday.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.