It’s a Thursday full of optimism as the energies encourage us to ride the waves of positivity. You never know what might happen if you look on the bright side today. For Taurus, it’s time to be brave. There’s a call from the stars to let your hair down, Scorpio. And Capricorn, today is the day to embrace your playful spirit. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for today, April 28, 2022. Read on for your star sign’s forecast. March 21 to April 20 A fabulous line-up encourages you to look to your talents and skills, and be proud of your abilities. Step up to the plate and don’t worry about taking on a challenge. The Moon’s merger with Chiron could cause you to doubt yourself. It’s time to focus on your good points and even to highlight them. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Keeping something to yourself because you’re afraid of what people might think? The star map can give you the courage to share it. Don’t be too worried as those you talk to may have a few questions but they will also have compassion for your predicament. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 How much truth can you take? With Mercury aligning with Pluto, it seems you’re willing to go the whole way. This could be very healing. Accepting and embracing what’s happening can help you to let it go once and for all. If something has been a strain for far too long you truly deserve relief. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Getting something off your chest is vital if you want to make the most of the coming days. If pent-up frustration is making you agitated, it could do you the world of good. Be mindful of who you share this with. Someone you know can be the perfect go-to person. A chat will help you feel better. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Someone’s heart may be in the right place but do they know what they’re doing? An idea might need your best skills to get it into shape. With an emphasis on an intense zone, you’ll need to trust your instincts. You may be presented with a lot of information, not all of which is reliable. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Look to the big picture. You need the wider lens to assist you in seeing how far you have come and to get your bearings. Once the broad strokes are in place, you can go back to making sure everything is as it should be. You could get caught up in some gossip. If so, it’s best not to repeat it anywhere. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You have a knackof changing your personality so you can bond with others. While this could take a relationship in the right direction, it might be a bit stifling. Not now, though, as you’re being encouraged to speak your mind – this is one of those moments when it’s vital to be true to yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Follow any intuitive nudges and opportunities can show up. Discussions could result in promising developments. You’ll also stay a step ahead, as insights may help you make wise choices. Ready to enjoy yourself? Mars in your leisure zone is a call to let your hair down. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 While you could be inclined to float along on cloud nine, it’s better to jump right in and get your biggest task done. When it’s complete, you’ll feel a sense of relief that it’s out of the way. Keen to enhance your income? A savvy line-up suggests you’ll know a great opportunity when you see one. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Adopting a playful spirit could assist you in making the most of the day. Attitude is everything, and allowing your creative side to make an appearance will enable you to have the best time. You’ll be keen to put your heart into whatever you do. Plus, a conversation might prove meaningful. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You can either run away from or resolve an issue. Crave some alone time? It will help you access the all-knowing wisdom within that could guide you to a positive solution. Talking to someone may also assist you. Once sorted, you’ll find you’re more relaxed and at peace with life. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 While you love to dream and engage with lovely thoughts of how things could be, you’ll also benefit from acknowledging the facts. If you and another are keen to resolve a dilemma then be honest about the situation. Relax and solutions will show up easily and naturally. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness