Peaky Blinders came to a captivating finale tonight, with the show’s last ever episode coming to a dramatic and nail-biting end. Tonight’s final episode of the six-series drama, that has followed the Romany family the Shelbys, otherwise known as the Peaky Blinders, from beginnings in Birmingham to international domination. In tonight’s episode, Lock and Key, tension ramped as viewers were on tenterhooks to see if protagonist Tommy Shelby (Cillian Murphy) would be killed by Michael Gray (Finn Cole), who made it clear from the get go that he wanted the war veteran turned gangster dead. This desire was reiterated at the end of the most recent instalment, with Michael set to be released from prison, making it seem like his word could come good. Earlier in the season, Tommy was diagnosed with a terminal tuberculoma prognosis on the base of his brain from Dr Holford (Aneurin Barnard), after his daughter also died of tuberculosis – with the leader seen making arrangements for his family in the eventuality that he was to succumb to his illness. Tuberculoma is a clinical manifestation of tuberculosis which conglomerates tubercles into a firm lump, and so can mimic cancer tumors of many types in medical imaging studies. In light of his diagnosis, Tommy tied up loose ends regarding his family and business, while attempting to make sure that the remaining members of his clan would be made comfortable – previously setting his illegitimate son Erasmus ‘Duke’ Shelby up as his successor, with other son Charles handling the ‘light’ side of the business. However, as is the way with the writing of Steven Knight, all was not as it would have seemed, and a twist lay in store for viewers, who were on tenterhooks. The episode also saw Tommy come face-to-face with his cousin Michael yet again, who was determined to avenge his mother Polly’s (Helen McCrory) death by killing his foe. It seemed he had succeeded when the car he sat in burst into flames outside. However, Tommy was one step ahead, and had already got Johnny to move the timed bomb to another vehicle. As Michael sat at the bar, mistakenly thinking his plan had worked, he could be heard saying: ‘Mum, it’s done. It’s over. My God, forgive me.’ However, he was stunned when he walked outside and realised the gangster was still very much alive. ‘Speak to me, speak to me Michael’, Tommy said, to which he replied: ‘You killed her (Polly).’ Tommy shot back: ‘Polly made her own choices, Michael.’ ‘No. No one close to you makes a choice without your opinion, Tom,’ Michael responded. ‘Not Arthur, not me, not Ada. We can’t escape you, your lethal hand is always on our shoulders.’ Referring to his aunt Polly, Tommy said ‘She’ll visit me no more’, before shooting Michael in the eye. Later in the episode, Tommy was seen in a caravan with a gun when a vision of his late daughter appeared and informed him that he wasn’t actually unwell, revealing that the doctor who diagnosed him with tubcrculmoa had been lying. With echoing music in the background, she said: ‘You’re not even sick daddy.’ Just before the credits rolled, Tommy took his anger out on the doctor in question, but was interrupted by the tolling of the clock, confirming that it was the time of armistice. ‘Peace at last, peace at last,’ he added as the episode – and series – came to a close. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Will there be another series of Peaky Blinders? MORE : Peaky Blinders fans ‘feel sick’ after graphic genitals scene ahead of finale: ‘I wish I could unsee that’ 