Are you the type of person who craves love but, once you have it, you don’t trust it? Do you enter self-destruct mode when you’re in a loving relationship in a bid to hurt the other person before they hurt you? You may have what is known as a disorganised attachment style – which means you both crave and fear love all at once. Something we all become more aware of as we get older, is just how much of our personalities are impacted by our childhoods. Relationships, and how we act in relationships, are not exempt. Attachment theory is a psychological, evolutionary and ethological theory first developed by psychoanalyst John Bowlby in the mid-20th century. It is based on the principle that the way we form attachments as adults depends massively on the attachments we formed with our primary caregivers as children. According to the theory, children form either secure or insecure attachment styles with their caregivers. The theory was later extended to adult relationships by psychologists Cindy Hazan and Phillip Shaver, who hypothesized that those attachment styles are likely to be replicated in adult relationships. The main attachment styles are broken down into secure; anxious; and avoidant, the latter two being subcategories of insecure attachment, and usually develop due to the trauma that occurs when a child’s emotional and physical needs aren’t met. Securely attached people have no problems with attachment whatsoever, anxiously attached people usually have a fear of abandonment that manifests as low self-esteem and neediness, and avoidantly attached people refuse to form deep connections with others, often coming across as cold and selfish despite subconsciously fearing rejection. Disorganised attachment (also known as fearful-avoidant or anxious-avoidant) is seen as the most severe form of insecure attachment – it’s also the least common, thought to affect only 7% of the population. According to Sally Baker, senior therapist at Working on the Body, unlike avoidants, people with a disorganised attachment seek out really strong attachments. ‘They really want love, they have a childlike hunger for it,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. ‘They want to be completely loved and adored, and they want to feel completely safe.’ However, when people with a disorganised attachment style manage to find that love, they don’t trust it. ‘The moment they feel loved, adored and completely safe, they have to destroy it,’ says Sally ‘Because they’re vulnerable, because they’re terrified that it will be taken away from them.’ Subconsciously, it’s much easier for them to be the ‘initiator of the destruction,’ says Baker, because that way, they aren’t the ones being let down. She adds that people with this attachment style are more likely to suffer with mental health issues and destructive behaviours and are likely to use alcohol, drugs or even excessive work and exercise as an avoidance tactic. According to David and Yvonne Shemmings’ book, Understanding Disorganised Attachment, children develop a disorganised attachment style when the person who is normally meant to protect them is a source of danger. Usually, there is a lack of trust that the caregiver can give the child what they need, but there is also an element of fear; this may be because they are unpredictable in how they act, when they choose to fulfil the child’s needs – emotionally and physically – or because of something more extreme, such as abuse. It may also stem from feeling that their caregiver’s love was conditional. This leaves adults who have a disorganised attachment style with the belief that their partner’s love could be withdrawn from them at any moment; it’s volatile and not to be trusted. Instead of waiting for that to happen, they find a way to end the relationship first, or go into self-sabotage mode. ‘When your needs aren’t met as a child, that feeds into a sense of being undeserving and having low self-value,’ Baker says. ‘And without having a sense of self-value in place, and encouraged by parents, often leads to a whole range of self-destructive behaviours.’ Essentially, people with insecure, and especially disorganised, attachment styles, ‘struggle to be appropriately present’ within their relationship, says Sally, which can be exhausting for everyone involved. While it’s important not to identify too strongly with your attachment style, it’s good to be able to understand why you act and feel the way you do. Thankfully, it is possible to change your attachment style from insecure to secure, often with the help of a therapist. ‘All manifestations of adult disordered attachment are the manifestations of childhood trauma,’ says Baker. ‘It’s the trauma that needs to be resolved, and when it is resolved, then those behaviours around self-sabotage won’t be as prominent.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Is a ‘hall pass’ ever a good idea in a relationship? MORE : How to stop being so influenced by others when it comes to dating MORE : Why are we the meanest to the people who love us the most?