Michael Owen expects Manchester City and Liverpool to enjoy comfortable victories in the Champions League this week as they look to set up an all-English final. Premier League title rivals Man City and Liverpool meet Real Madrid and Villarreal respectively in the semi-finals of the Champions League. Pep Guardiola’s side, who are currently one point above Liverpool in the Premier League, knocked out Atletico Madrid in the previous round as they chase an elusive Champions League title. Liverpool, meanwhile, secured an emphatic victory over Benfica in the quarter-finals as they bid to win the Champions League for a second time under Jurgen Klopp. Real Madrid and Villarreal should not be underestimated, however, with Madrid set to win La Liga this season and Villarreal pulling off a huge shock against German champions Bayern Munich in the last round of the Champions League. Despite the success of the Spanish sides, Owen believes Manchester City and Liverpool will take big steps to reaching the Champions League final in the first legs of their semi-final ties this week. Manchester City, who reached the Champions League final last season before suffering a 1-0 defeat to Premier League rivals Chelsea, need ‘two exceptional games’ to overcome Real Madrid, according to Guardiola. ‘It is not necessary to say how good Real Madrid are,’ said Guardiola. ‘If we have to compete with their history, we don’t have any chance. The history is there, we can’t change it, but it’s 11 against 11 with one ball moving. ‘We will try to be ourselves, compete well. We need to play two exceptional games to reach the final.’  Klopp, meanwhile, says he expects a ‘really difficult’ game against Villarreal, who have impressed under former Arsenal boss Unai Emery. ‘I never take something like this for granted,’ the Reds manager said. ‘I’m really, really happy. ‘It’s going to be really, really difficult against Villarreal but it’s the semi-final of the Champions League – if it wasn’t difficult there would be something wrong.’ After the midweek Champions League fixtures, Manchester City and Liverpool return to Premier League action next weekend against Leeds United and Newcastle United respectively. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 