Five railway stations in central and western Ukraine were hit by Russian missiles in one hour today. Only hours after top US officials travelled to Kyiv by train, Vladimir Putin’s forces pounded the region, alongside Lviv, Rivne and Vinnyista. As Russia’s war enters its third month, such bombings are seen as an attempt to disrupt transportation of soldiers and weapons, and halt evacuations of civilians. Alexander Kamyshin, the head of Ukrainian Railways, confirmed casualties had been reported, adding the attacks had delayed more than 16 passenger trains. ‘Russians keep destroying Ukrainian railway infrastructure,’ he said in a statement on Twitter just after 8am. Footage shared on social media shows firefighters battling flames coming from an electrical substation in Krasne, near Lviv. Both US secretary of state Anthony Blinken and defence secretary Lloyd Austin used railways to get to Kyiv for a face-to-face meeting with President Volodymyr Zelensky and other government officials. Following the meeting, Mr Blinken said the West’s united support for Ukraine and pressure on Moscow are seeing ‘real results’. ‘When it comes to Russia’s war aims, Russia is failing. Ukraine is succeeding,’ the politician added. Sharing a photo of the meeting on Twitter, Ukraine’s minister of defence, thanked the White House for the military assistance. ‘Your support brings closer the victory of freedom and democracy over tyranny,’ Oleksii Reznikov added. The short trip comes on the same day that US president Joe Biden announced veteran diplomat Bridget Brink as his nominee for ambassador to the war-torn country. Monday’s railway strikes also came a fire was reported at oil facilities in the city of Bryansk, western Russia, some 96 miles from the Ukrainian border. It is yet unclear what caused the fires but Russia’s Ministry of Emergency Situations said nobody had been hurt. An official statement said the fire had broken out at a facility owned by oil pipeline company Transneft at 2am Moscow time, and that there had been no need to evacuate any parts of the city. Unverified footage also showed what looked like another blaze at a second location in Bryansk, where 400,000 people live. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.