Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s son already has big career dreams. The young royal is keen to follow in his dad’s footsteps and become a pilot, the Duke of Sussex revealed in a speech at the Invictus Games opening ceremony. But Archie is indecisive – as two-year-olds tend to be about their careers. On other days, he wants to be an astronaut, former and serving military personnel taking part in the games were told. Harry, who served in Afghanistan as an Apache helicopter co-pilot gunner, referred to his son while speaking about role models and the importance of ‘character’. Addressing Zuiderpark stadium in The Hague, he said: ‘To be role models, or the role models, that each of you are takes strength and it takes courage. ‘When I talk to my son Archie about what he wants to be when he grows up, some days it’s an astronaut, other days it’s a pilot – a helicopter pilot obviously. ‘Or Kwazii from Octonauts. If you’re laughing then you’ve seen that. ‘But what I remind him is that no matter what you want to be when you grow up, it’s your character that matters most, and nothing would make his mum and me prouder than to see him have the character of what we see before us today.’ The royal said those involved with Invictus have ‘overcome immense challenges’. He added: ‘And together you are healing and teaching the world as you go.’ His remarks came after Meghan Markle introduced him onstage and praised her  ‘incredible husband’. The loved-up couple – who paid the Queen a secret visit on their way to the Netherlands – shared a kiss onstage at the event. Archie will turn three in May, while his little sister Lilibet will celebrate her first birthday in June. It’s suggested the family could make a trip to the UK for the monarch’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations – but Harry has made it clear he won’t bring his family without police protection. The duke always dreamed of a life in the Army, and as a child his bedroom was filled with pictures of tanks and helicopters. In 1993, as an eight-year-old, he was in his element when dressed in a miniature combat suit and helmet to ride in a tank on a visit to Germany. He joined the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst in 2005, and trained as an Army officer, then joined the Blues and Royals and went on to train to become a troop leader of an armoured reconnaissance unit. A planned tour to Iraq was scrapped after it was found he would be a target for insurgents, but two tours to Afghanistan followed including one as an Apache helicopter pilot. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.