Four lanes of the M25 became a slip road yesterday after a lorry spilled cooking oil all over the motorway. Part of the busy commuter route is still shut more than 24 hours after the spillage. There were huge queues on the first day back to work after Easter for many, following the incident at around 11am yesterday. But more than a day later, part of the road between junctions 23 and 25 was still shut, though two lanes reopened this morning. The remaining two lanes may stay closed until this evening, National Highways say. No injuries have been reported following the two-vehicle collision near Enfield, Hertfordshire. The lorry crashed into the central reservation near Potters Bar in an accident that also involved a van. That spewed vegetable oil onto the road, sparking a ‘protracted’ and difficult clean up operation. Duncan Smith, National Highways executive director of operations, told Metro.co.uk earlier: ‘I can confirm that two lanes have reopened on the clockwise M25 near Hatfield after a protracted clean-up operation of vegetable oil as a result of a collision yesterday. ‘Vegetable oil is a very difficult substance to remove from the road surface. ‘Anyone who has spilled it onto work surfaces or clothing at home will know just how problematic it can be so clearing gallons of the substance from one of the busiest roads in the country is no easy task.’ A spokesperson for the organisation suggested the operation could run ‘into the afternoon and evening’. Mr Smith continued: ‘We have had specialist teams working on the M25 overnight and they are continuing the clean-up operation to try and get the road fully open as soon as possible. ‘I would like to apologise to anyone who has been delayed in the congestion caused by the spillage, and thank drivers for bearing with us while we finish the clean-up and make sure the road is safe to drive on.’ The Metropolitan Police said officers were called to reports of a lorry crash on the motorway in Enfield yesterday morning. Miles of stationary traffic were captured on camera by commuters. The Met explained: ‘Officers were called at about 11.15am to the M25, just between junction 24 and 25. ‘A lorry was reported to have been in collision with the central reservation and spilt cooking oil over the road. ‘The M25 has been closed clockwise from junction 23 to junction 25. ‘(There we) no reports of any injuries.’ The force advised motorists to avoid the area yesterday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Supermarkets start rationing cooking oil after shortages due to Ukraine war