Hollywood legend John Travolta is clearly just like the rest of us and absolutely loves a bargain as he was spotted shopping for groceries in Morrisons. The Pulp Fiction star swapped Los Angeles for the small Norfolk town of Fakenham on Saturday as he was seen browsing the aisles in the supermarket, much to the surprise of locals. Part-time security guard Gary Middleton bumped into Travolta at the shop and revealed that the A-lister couldn’t have been nicer. ‘I didn’t even go up to him, he just came up to me and shook my hand,’ he told ITV. ‘We had a really nice chat. ‘When I put it on my Facebook everyone said I was mucking around and they didn’t believe it was true but it was.’ It is understood that Travolta is filming in Norfolk at Raynham Hangar Studios, although it is not clear what the project is. Travolta’s trip to the local supermarket comes after he was photographed enjoying a drink in a Wetherspoons pub in nearby Dereham last week. Seriously, when we said he loves a bargain, we meant it – the man knows his stuff! Jamie Salter couldn’t believe it was actually Travolta and said meeting the actor was ‘unreal’. ‘Dereham doesn’t usually play host to some of the most famous Hollywood stars on the planet,’ he shared. ‘I feel extremely lucky to of met him as it certainly wasn’t what I expected to experience on a Thursday night out in Dereham. ‘I enjoy going to The Romany Rye often and never would have anticipated my night going this way.’ Just last week, Travolta was thousands of miles away in Hollywood as he reunited with his Pulp Fiction co-stars Uma Thurman and Samuel L Jackson at the Oscars. The trio, who were presenting the prize for best actor at the 94th Academy Awards just moments after Will Smith’s slapping of comedian Chris Rock stunned Hollywood, took the opportunity to pay homage to the 1994 film by recreating the infamous dance scene. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 