The Wanted stars Max George, Siva Kaneswaran, Jay McGuiness, and Nathan Sykes have paid their respects to their late bandmate Tom Parker, carrying his coffin at his funeral. Parker died on March 30 at the age of 33 after battling a stage four brain tumour. He is being laid to rest in at Petts Wood, South London with his widow, Kelsey Parker, inviting his grieving fans to pay their respects. Siva, Max, Jay, and Nathan, who were in the band with Parker since it formed in 2009, were seen walking together as they arrived and went on to carry the casket. Max also gave an emotional speech, beginning with a joke referencing the band being pallbearers: ‘I could actually hear him saying, “It’s about time”, as he carried us for the last 12 years. ‘Tom was always a brother, he made such an impact from the start. His love for music and striving for success outmatched all of us.’ He joked that Parker had been the only member of The Wanted to have had a ‘punch-up’ with all his bandmates, prompting laughter from attendees. Max added: ‘Everything he did he did with best intentions, even if it was a fight, he got away with it because it was Tom. I could say so much about Tom. One thing I will always remember is his laugh. He loves laughing at people and we experienced that every day. ‘He has left us far too early and we will miss him so much. The people outside, the people all around the world, is a credit to him. Rest easy mate.’ Siva also gave a speech, hailing Parker’s ‘big Boltonian heart’ before adding: ‘He was never afraid to stand up for what was right, no matter the risk.’ A pre-recorded message from Kelsey was played during the service, in which she shared anecdotes about how the couple first met at a nightclub before Parker shot to fame. ‘From that moment I told everyone I wanted to marry Tom Parker,’  she said before becoming tearful. The congregation erupted into laughter as she said: ‘Tom told me he was going to be famous and wouldn’t have time for a girlfriend, but he wouldn’t leave me alone.’ She added: ‘I will treasure every memory because life with you was never dull. You were always coming up with songs, new game shows, and we all know how much you loved an invention – I bet you were gutted you never made it on Dragons’ Den. ‘Marrying you was the best day of my life … soulmates, that’s what we are.’ The service began with a violinist-accompanied version of You Raise Me Up sung by Ollie Marland, who wore sunglasses. Parker and Ollie released music as part of dance duo Lost + Found. Handbags And Gladrags, also accompanied by a violinist, was sung by RuthAnne Cunningham. She also sung a rendition of Amazing Grace. Hundreds of fans were also seen paying their respects, with many emotional before the funeral began. Kelsey had said it ‘would be beautiful to have everyone line the route as we head to our private service.’ She added that people would be welcome to stand outside of the church for the duration of the private service which was relayed on screens. Kelsey was pictured arriving at the service and looked emotional, while being flanked by two loved ones on either side for support. Outside St Francis of Assisi church, flowers spelled out the words ‘Glad You Came’, the title of The Wanted’s 2011 hit that went to number one in multiple countries. Other flowers spelling out the word ‘Daddy’ adorned the side of the carriage while a flowered sign that spelled the word ‘Tom’ in red roses was attached to the front. A photograph of Parker in a white rose-adorned frame was placed inside a horse-drawn carriage, alongside photographs of handprints from his children, Bodhi and Aurelia. In the wake of Parker’s death, each member of the band shared heartbreaking statements, and their song Gold Forever re-entered the charts for the first time in 11 years. Jay, 31, shared a black and white photo of his late bandmate, and wrote: ‘Tom, I miss you so much. I don’t know where you are now, but I am so honoured we got to spend time together on earth. An honour. ‘I keep reminding myself to be grateful for that time, and I really really am. I am.’ Nathan, 29, said: ‘Our lives will never be the same,’ while Max, 33, said he was ‘heartbroken beyond words’. Siva, 33, addressed his message directly to Parker, writing: ‘Thank you for letting us see you light up the world.’ In the weeks before his death, Parker reunited with his bandmates for their delayed reunion tour. In his last Instagram post before his death, Parker shared his love for his bandmates, posting a photo of them together on stage. He wrote in the caption: ‘Dream Team ❤️’. Parker and Kelsey had been married since 2018 and welcomed their son, Bodhi, in October last year. Their daughter, Aurelia Rose, was born in 2019. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Parker’s heartbroken wife Kelsey supported by family while The Wanted singers arrive at late star’s funeral after his death aged 33 MORE : Tom Parker’s wife Kelsey invites fans to pay their respects to late Wanted star outside private service 