Kate Middleton has been tipped to become the next Colonel of the Grenadier Guards after Prince Andrew was stripped of his military titles. The Duchess of Cambridge would be the first female colonel of the regiment in 80 years. Princess Elizabeth held the role in 1942 before she became the Queen. Andrew, 62, was reportedly left in tears when he was stripped of all his military titles as he faced a sexual assault lawsuit brought by Virginia Giuffre in the US. The role, which involves presenting medals at parades and attending parades, royal events, dinners and galas, temporarily returned to the Queen by default. But the monarch, who turned 96 yesterday, has been making fewer public appearances amid a number of health issues following an unscheduled hospital stay in October. Now Kate, 40, is lined up to stand in for the Queen at the Sovereign’s Parade at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst. A senior royal source told the Daily Mail: ‘It’s being seriously considered.’ There appears to have been support within the Grenadier Guards for the duchess to take on the role for some time now. In January, not long after the Queen stripped Andrew of his roles, a source from the regiment told the Sunday Times: ‘From straw polling through the ranks, they would all love it to be Kate. ‘We all admire the way she has fitted in and behaved, she never seems to put a foot wrong. ‘Everything she has taken on she really commits to, and we want someone who will really engage with us.’ Kate taking the salute at the passing-out parade at Sandhurst would be personally significant, as her husband Prince William graduated from the military academy as an officer in 2006. The Queen, who is head of the Armed Forces, took that parade, and the Duchess attended as William’s then girlfriend. Kate has attended military functions with the Duke of Cambridge, who is Colonel of the Irish Guards. She’s joins him to regimental events and medal parades, handing out traditional St Patrick’s Day shamrocks. The duchess has also taken the salute at the Household Division’s Beating Retreat on Horse Guards Parade in London. Her stepping in for the Queen at Sandhurst could indicate that she will soon be given an honorary military role. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.