From age 13, I knew that being Black was a barrier in Britain. I went to a secondary school in Sutton that was not exceptionally diverse, and the microaggressions I faced there shaped the activist and woman I have become. I have found myself fighting for the education system to be reconstructed and for the institution where young people spend most of their childhood to represent multicultural Britain as we know it. I want the system to teach Black history across the curriculum and make minorities students feel like they belong. However, after years of giving my energy to righting the inequalities of our society, I realised in July 2020 that fighting for change was nearly pushing me over the edge into depression. I was 19 when I first began my activism journey; I was so young, full of life and so much rage. I had just started working with Maokwo Arts Organisation as a volunteer in Coventry. I was working with refugees and migrants along with marginalised artists to fight for social change in the city of Coventry through art. It was so insightful to hear refugees and migrants tell their stories. It was one of the reasons why I decided to change my university degree from economics to journalism. I wanted to empower marginalised communities through my writing. I wanted to tell their stories right using the skills I had. I vowed to use my platform to ensure that their voices were heard and respected and to fight for my community’s rights and respect. This became my life and it has been embedded in everything I have done as a creative student and future academic. I understood the power I had to fight for systematic change. It felt like my responsibility to fight for a better society where my future children can exist without their skin colour and family background acting as barriers to their success. In the past four years, I have sat on panel talks with MPs, attended protests across the city of Coventry and performed spoken word and poetry pieces on social justice issues in many venues around the city, including the council building. I knew this was my calling; I needed to fight for change and carry on the legacy left behind by past Black British activists. However, all this changed in June 2020 when a police officer murdered George Floyd. That summer, the whole world was in pain, and our community was mourning the death of George Floyd. Here in the UK, it unravelled so much injustice and systematic oppression. So I took the streets to march with many young people in Coventry. The workload became a lot as I also took on the role of a cultural leader in Coventry. I attended all the talks, performed at rallies and shows; it became so overwhelming that everyone talked about the movement everywhere I went. The day I broke down to a friend and mentor – the same week that George Floyd died – I knew that the work of activism had begun to affect my mental health. But I remembered the vow I took to fight for change. So, I kept working. I turned up to talks and even started a project to educate young people on Black British History. It was not until summer 2021 that I realised I had worked myself too hard: after I became overwhelmed with activism and found myself snapping at a friend and falling out with her. I cared about making a change but not at the expense of my mental health. I then decided to take a break and focus on my mental health. I had a big performance in September 2021 for BBC Contains Strong Languages, so I waited until after I’d performed before I announced to friends and associates that I would be taking a break for six months. I’d pull back from performing poetry or being part of any creative work that involved social justice and activism. My friends and supporters were supportive of my decision to step back for a while; they understood the pressure that comes with being an activist, and I was so grateful for this. In the months following, I started to write poetry and plays that weren’t focused on trauma – exploring Black joy and other themes, writing out of my comfort zone. I began to follow self-affirmation pages. I spent some time with family and friends. The break allowed me to work on my craft. I continued to run the youth programme I started. It took me a year to realise that fighting for social justice is not a fight I can do alone. One positive outcome from the Black Lives Matter Movement is that I was able to meet other young activists like me. I realised that it was OK to take a step back and relax. If my mind, body, and soul were incorrect, I wouldn’t serve my community. I carried on the youth programme because it wasn’t emotionally draining and traumatic. Working with young people and seeing them bring their dreams into reality was empowering. Since taking a break, I have worked on a self-care plan for the future to help me manage my work-life balance. My self-care plan includes basic things like having some time off when needed, not saying yes to every speaking opportunity that comes my way and having time in the day when I’m away from my screen and doing the things l love, like reading a good poem or novel. In addition, I have been able to create other projects that don’t revolve around activism. For example, I am currently putting together a poetry pamphlet called ‘More Than a Black Woman’, which will have poetry that isn’t about my trauma or the trauma of my community. I will, in the future, continue to fight for social change and a better society for my children. But, this time, I will take breaks when needed and feel overwhelmed, remembering that I am not the only person on the front line. I want every other young activist/changemaker to remember that it’s OK to feel overwhelmed and to take a break. No one is judging you. You should never feel like the whole movement is for you to fight alone. We are a team and will fight for a better world together, for our children and the generations after them. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing nicole.vassell@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Warning signs you’re heading for burnout – and how to stop it in its tracks MORE : Outrage burnout is leaving us exhausted MORE : Why aren’t women of colour believed when they address mental health issues?