This Monday, Venus moves into the sign of Aries. Plus, today – Sunday May 1, 2022 – is Beltane, the pagan and Wiccan festival celebrating the height of spring and the early days of summer. Together, these two cosmic calendar events make for a very passionate, romantic, and emotional week ahead. It’s time to be bold, confident, and hopeful about your love life. It’s time to ask them out, make a proposal, turn up the heat, go to the next level. Whatever your aspirations in love, this is a great week to put effort into making them come true. Let your tarot horoscope advise what wonderful energy could flow into your star sign’s love life this week… March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: Knight of Wands Meaning: Single Aries, you could be swept off your feet by a super exciting and sexy Fire sign (Leo, Aries, Sagittarius) who wants to take you away on an adventure… up for that? The Knight of Wands brings excitement and new news to your love life- you’re ready to do different things, have an adventure together, try something new. It will refresh your bond, make you feel young and silly again, and reignite those flames of passion you yearn for. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: Four of Swords Meaning: You just want to chill out. You want things to be quiet, calm, easy and peaceful. You want to spend your time together being low-key and relaxed, pottering, tootling about doing very little, but being happy with that. You want them to get on your speed. Single Taureans are ready for a laidback Air sign – Gemini, Libra or Aquarius. Right now, you’re feeling like you want something easy and free-flowing. No pressure or demands. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: Ten of Swords Meaning: You’re ready to cut ties. The Ten of Swords is a tough card about severing bonds with something that has weighed you down, held you back, or hurt you. It’s always the right thing to do, so don’t hesitate. Sometimes, in order to heal or improve our love life, we have to cut away the dead wood or dead weight. That might not be a whole relationship, it might be one aspect of it. Or it might be something about your own self-limiting beliefs or behaviours that you’ve had enough of. Do it and feel better. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Two of Cups Meaning: The Two of Cups is a true love card so your love life is going to be beaming this Venus in Aries season. Make your demands, say what you want, ask them out, propose, do what’s on your mind. It will all be well received and you’ll discover your partner is as into it as you are. If you’re single, then a fellow Water sign (Cancer, Pisces, Scorpio) is crushing on you and ready to make a move. Smile and encourage them. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: Two of Swords Meaning: Decide what you really want. That’s the biggest obstacle between you and your love life satisfaction right now, Leo. You are getting in your own way. The Two of Swords asks you politely to stop the hedging and procrastinating and commit to the person or course of action you’ve been pondering on. Make a decision and act on it. Now. As soon as you do, everything will flow again. You’re just snagged on a hook, and it’s getting uncomfy. Lift yourself off with the guidance of a firm choice and all will be better. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: Death Meaning: The Death card asks you to transform, shake it up, be different in order to experience things differently. If you change, so too will your love life. Are you ready for changing? Are you ready for things to be different? Are you prepared to make that first move and switch up the dynamic, the status quo, the usual suspects? Do it, Virgo. This is a major turning point. Actively, consciously seek to change who you speak to, how, what you expect, what you demand, what you do and how you do it. See this as a fascinating experiment! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: Ace of Swords Meaning: You’re in the mood for a heart to heart. It could be with your partner, about your partner, or even just about your hopes/fears around your love life with a close, trusted friend. Get things off your chest, express yourself, say how you feel honestly. The Ace of Swords gives you permission to speak your truth, but also asks you to understand others’ opinions or feelings too, give them the compassion you wish for yourself and this discussion will yield great results. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: Nine of Cups Meaning: What is your honest heart’s desire in your love life? I ask because the Nine of Cups is a cosmic wish ‘pass’ from the Universe to manifest whatever you most want! Truly, the higher you aim, the better the outcome so please use this week to make overt moves in the direction of the love life you yearn for. Water signs (Cancer, Pisces, Scorpio) are well starred right now too. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: Nine of Wands Meaning: Nothing is as difficult, testing, bleak or dark as it seems right now, so have faith, keep going, and make the effort to overcome the obstacles or challenges you think exist in your relationship landscape. The Nine of Wands urges you to fix things, because they can be fixed and it is worthwhile. Plain sailing is on the other side of this hump, so get past it. Fire sign friends can help inspire you – Leo, Aries and Sagittarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: The High Priestess Meaning: You are ready to do some deep and personal soul searching around your love life hopes and fears. The High Priestess brings forth inner wisdom and self-awareness that can truly help you figure things out right now. Make this a week to meditate, reflect, go on mindful walks, be peaceful and think. What you come to understand will make a lasting difference to your outlook and how you approach partners or objects of affection hereonin. You are changing, do so consciously. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: Eight of Coins Meaning: Don’t give up. Don’t throw the towel in. Don’t walk away or abandon this hope/relationship/flirtation just because things haven’t gone your way or it’s taking more effort than you thought it would. The Eight of Coins urges you to persist, work on it, take time to talk and understand and do your part to make this whole enterprise a healthier, happier space. If you’re single, a hardworking Earth sign looks just the ticket – Capricorn, Virgo or Taurus. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: Justice Meaning: You will be proven correct and in the right about something that felt unfair or unkind, and which you’ve borne the brunt of. You will be vindicated and thanked for your dignity and resilience in this matter. Act graciously. Enjoy the moment, but don’t rub anyone’s nose in it. Let the relationship return to an even keel, and heal. If you’re single, a smart and charitable Libra is making eyes at you – do look up and notice them! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of May MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Taurus MORE : What type of traveller you are, based on your star sign – and your ideal holiday