Cristiano Ronaldo has apologised for his ‘outburst’ involving an Everton fan after Manchester United’s defeat at Goodison Park. Shortly after Everton’s 1-0 win over United on Saturday afternoon, footage emerged on social media appearing to show Ronaldo throw an Everton supporter’s phone to the ground as he left the pitch. The Portugal legend cut a frustrated figure during Manchester United’s defeat and admits his emotions got the better of him. Ronaldo has apologised to the fan in question and invited them to a match at Old Trafford ‘as a sign of fair play and sportsmanship’. ‘It’s never easy to deal with emotions in difficult moments such as the one we are facing,’ Ronaldo said on social media. ‘Nevertheless, we always have to be respectful, patient and set the example for all the youngsters who love the beautiful game. ‘I would like to apologise for my outburst and, if possible, I would like to invite this supporter to watch a game at Old Trafford as a sign of fair play and sportsmanship.’ The Ronaldo incident – which Manchester United have confirmed they are looking into – rounded off a dismal afternoon for the Premier League giants, who dropped more ground in the top-four race. Everton had endured a miserable run to slip to just one point above the relegation zone before the visit of United, but Frank Lampard’s side sealed a crucial win and three valuable points thanks to Anthony Gordon’s first-half goal. It was another underwhelming performance from Ralf Rangnick’s United, who are now six points adrift of fourth-placed Tottenham, who thumped Aston Villa 4-0 later in the day. Rangnick said: ‘With all respect to Everton – because they have a good team – but if you don’t score against a team who conceded three goals against Burnley, you cannot expect to get anything out of it. ‘The first 25 minutes we were in full control of the game. We didn’t even in those 25 minutes take enough advantage out of that dominating period. ‘You could literally feel that Everton were crumbling after that result against Burnley. They were quite logically not full of confidence but we didn’t take advantage of that.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 