The Daily Mail, Mail On Sunday and MailOnline appeal in aid of Ukraine’s refugees tops a staggering £10million today thanks to its incredible readers. Generous donations to help evacuees are still rolling in, as the Mail Force Ukraine Appeal reaches a landmark £10.4million, including more than £9million direct from readers. The readers’ peerless altruism continues to give support to Ukrainian families in a wide range of different ways. Recipients of their generosity include a huge number of Ukrainians who have fled to neighbouring countries – as well as those finding sanctuary in Britain. Today the Daily Mail announces the latest grant of more than £338,000 to Refugees at Home. The cash will enable the charity to expand massively its programme which links up evacuees with British households who have offered their spare rooms. Co-founder and trustee of Refugees at Home, Sara Nathan, said last night: ‘We are really grateful to the Mail’s readers for supporting us and other groups who are trying to make the lives of Ukrainians fleeing war as positive as possible. ‘The money will make a huge amount of difference to our capacity. ‘It is such a relief that the only thing we don’t have to worry about is resourcing our work. Thank you.’ Miss Nathan said the charity has already begun hiring 10 extra staff to administer the matching up programme. The donation will also help fund a range of suitability checks on host properties, as well as support for sponsors and evacuees. ‘The money from Mail Force is helping us to scale things up dramatically, which is absolutely great,’ Miss Nathan added. The Mail Force campaign was kick-started by a £500,000 donation from parent company DMGT at the personal request of Lord and Lady Rothermere. Since then the money from generous readers has flooded in. Aid organisations to have already received grants include the United Nations refugee agency, UNHCR, which accepted £1million. The Red Cross, CARE International, Unicef and the Refugee Council have received £500,000 each. Donations of £250,000 have also been made to the AMAR Foundation and The Halo Trust. Unicef’s work, supported by your donations, has already helped keen musician Vitia, 11. His treasured guitar, toys, school books and bicycle were destroyed when his home in Volnovakha, eastern Ukraine, was bombed. But now he and mother Olena are safe in a shelter in Vinnytsia, on the other side of the country, where a worker found the youngster a replacement guitar. Olena described how her son had asked her to record a video of him playing his new instrument. ‘He misses his music teacher very much,’ Olena said. ‘She has also become a refugee. And to cheer her up, he decided to play for her.’ Before fleeing their home, Vitia and his family spent several days without food, heating or any way of communicating with the outside world. Nights were spent in the basement of their house, with mattresses against the windows. ‘I only survived those days thanks to Vitia’s support,’ Olena said. ‘We were laying in the dark and he was hugging me, saying: “Mum, everything will be fine”.’ Unicef’s executive director Catherine Russell said: ‘The war has caused one of the fastest, large-scale displacements of children since World War II. ‘This is a grim milestone that could have lasting consequences for generations to come. ‘Children’s safety, wellbeing and access to essential services are all under threat from non-stop horrific violence.’ More than one month of war in Ukraine has seen 4.3million children flee their homes. More than 1.8million have crossed into neighbouring countries as refugees, with the rest, like Vitia, internally displaced inside Ukraine. At least 78 children have been confirmed killed and 105 injured since the start of the war – but the true, tragic total is likely to be far higher.