Kanye West reportedly isn’t too happy about his place on Forbes’ billionaire list, as he argues his net worth is much higher. The Grammy-winning rapper’s eye-watering fortune is said to have increased dramatically to $2billion (£1.5billion) in the past year, thanks to his major brand deals with Adidas and Gap. His property portfolio includes 100% ownership of his incredibly popular Yeezy trainer line, while he also has lucrative brand deals with Adidas and Gap, the latter of which was so successful that it hit sales of $1bn (£763bn) in its first year. It’s also said that Kanye, 44, earns almost $180million (£137m) from his extensive music catalogue alone, including his own work and production credits. Additionally, the Jesus Walks rapper also owns a slice of ex-wife Kim Kardashian’s Skims shapewear brand which, as we all know, has grown to impressive heights. Kanye’s net worth was valued at $1.8bn (£1.3bn) in April 2021 but Forbes has now estimated his net worth to be $2.6bn (£2bn) a year later, placing him just behind legendary broadcaster Oprah Winfrey. However, sources in the rapper’s camp say Forbes’ latest figures do not give justice to the true size of his fortune. The Blast reports that Kanye argues his net worth is actually more in the region of $7bn (£5.3bn). An insider close to the musician accused the publication of trying to ‘control and diminish him even at the cost of their own integrity’. They claim Forbes has only taken into account ‘revenue from last only’ and failed to mention the ‘enterprise value of long-term deals that are in place’. Kanye currently sits at number 1,513 on the billionaires list, while his ex-wife Kim is at 1,645 with a staggering fortune of $1.8bn (£1.3bn). Rihanna has made the cut for the first time with her $1.7bn (£1.3bn) fortune largely thanks to her beauty and lingerie empire. Jay-Z is also at number 2,076 with an estimated $1.4bn (£1bn) net worth, stemming from his Roc Nation record label, the sale of music streaming service Tidal and his Armand de Brignac champagne. It’s not the first time Kanye has had beef with Forbes; in 2020, he declared himself a billionaire and said his net worth had soared to $3bn (£2.3bn). However, the business publication countered that his fortune was much lower than claimed. In typical Kanye fashion, he then texted the publication: ‘It’s not a billion. It’s $3.3 billion since no one at Forbes knows how to count.’ They also later disputed statements that he was the ‘richest Black man in America’. Kanye’s certainly come a long way from 2016 when he made desperate public pleas for financial help, claiming he was in debt of $53m (£40m) and asked Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg for $1bn to fund his creative projects. However, he then revealed he was debt-free three years later after lucrative business moves. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian introduces Pete Davidson to daughter North despite Kanye West ‘banning’ comedian from meeting their children MORE : Who could replace Kanye West as Coachella headliner? Nicki Minaj and Doja Cat among fan-favourite predictions 