Britain’s Got Talent is back, and after two years away, we’re hoping it’ll be better than ever. An announcement today featuring Ant McPartlin and Dec Donnelly stated the show would be returning on Saturday, April 16. Judges Alesha Dixon, Amanda Holden, Simon Cowell and David Walliams will be making their great return on the programme for the first time since 2020. ‘It’s been such a long time since Britain’s Got Talent has been on our screens,’ Dec began along with some sombre music before the mood turned as joyful as ever, as they announced their ‘exciting news’. ‘FINALLYYYY’ one viewer commented, with another adding they ‘can’t wait.’ Filming of the 15th series had been scheduled to begin early last year, however production was delayed before being postponed until 2022. Last month, the programme announced it would be returning this year with a teaser clip including a compilation of some of its most famous auditions, dating to back to when the show first aired in June 2007. Offering a taste of what’s to come, the clip even showed Ant and Dec behind-the-scenes of one of this year’s auditions, with Ant exclaiming: ‘That’s what it’s all about!’ The show typically airs from around April until July, with the semi-final and final stages broadcast live. Difficulties in filming amid the pandemic were compounded because acts travel from all over the UK – and even sometimes abroad – to take part in the show. The programme didn’t manage to fully escape the pandemic though, as Simon was forced to miss auditions in February after testing positive for Covid-19, only shortly after his second horror bike crash. In the last series, Simon was also forced to miss the final and semi-finals as he recovered from a back injury, and was replaced by Diversity dancer Ashley Banjo on the judging panel. Nonetheless, Simon has no plans to slow down and will return to Britain’s Got Talent until 2025, so there’s plenty more of him still to come! Back in 2020, Ant and Dec’s golden buzzer Jon Courtenay was crowned winner. The comedian made it to the top three, along with choir Sign Along With Us and Steve Royal. Funnyman Steve came in third place, while Sign Along With Us came in at a close second. But in the end, the public decided that comedian Jon was worthy of the BGT crown. With just 10 days until the hunt for the nation’s biggest talent is back on our screens, the countdown has begun! Britain’s Got Talent returns to ITV on April 16. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent return confirmed for April on ITV after two years away MORE : Simon Cowell shows off wrist brace with cheerful thumbs up outside America’s Got Talent studios, 2 months after horror bike smash 