Ralf Rangnick’s decision to start Marcus Rashford on the bench against Leicester City has ‘baffled’ the striker’s Manchester United team-mates. The England forward had been expected to start against the Foxes after Cristiano Ronaldo was ruled out through illness, while Edinson Cavani sustained an injury on international duty. Rashford was the only recognised striker capable of playing centre forward in the squad but Rangnick opted to select Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba, who both spent stints playing as a false nine in the 1-1 draw. The German brought Rashford on ten minutes into the second half but the England forward’s confidence is depleted and he failed to make an impression on the match. But with United lacking a proper forward, the Manchester Evening News claim Rashford’s team-mates were ‘baffled’ by Rangnick’s decision to leave him on the bench from the start. United legend Gary Neville was similarly dumbfounded by Rangnick’s decision. Speaking to Sky Sports after the draw, Neville said Rangnick’s decision to bench Rashford had ‘killed’ the forward. ‘I was struggling a little bit with it before the game without the centre forward,’ said Neville. ‘That’s killed Marcus Rashford today… not playing in that team. ‘I know he’s been poor, I know he’s lacked confidence but for Cristiano Ronaldo to pull out this morning and for Paul Pogba to go in and change the system of play and the way in which the game has been approached and not just put Marcus Rashford in as a striker as a straight swap having trained with the players the last 10 days. ‘Overall, there’s too many things at this club that are uncertain.’ United were once again second best at home as Leicester dominated at the Theatre of Dreams. The draw means United are rank outsiders for a place in the top four and will likely need to win their remaining eight matches to claim the last spot. Rashford is believed to be considering his future at the club due to a lack of playing time since Rangnick took charge. His decision could hinge on who United opt to appoint this summer, with Erik ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino the frontrunners for the role. MORE : Manchester United stars split over ‘underwhelming’ Erik ten Hag appointment For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 