DIY projects come in all kinds of shapes and sizes – but lots of them involve wood in some capacity. Whether it’s putting up your own shelves, making your own coffee table or panelling your bedroom wall, there are so many different ways we use wood in our DIY escapades. And the world of wood can feel overwhelming at times, with softwoods, hardwoods, wooden veneer and more – each with their own properties. So, where do you begin if you’re new to the world of DIY, or hoping to get better at it? Woodwork expert Matthew Hensby is on hand to help. Matthew is a teacher at learning platform Domestika and co-founder of Bibbings and Hensby, and he offers a course on mastering all things wood. So let’s start at the very beginning. When it comes to different types, the key ones to know about are hardwoods and softwoods. It’s worth pointing out that these are characterised by their reproduction – rather than their end appearance. Hardwood comes from deciduous trees, which lose their leaves annually – whereas softwood comes from conifer trees, which usually remain evergreen. Matthew tells Metro.co.uk: ‘Hardwoods are our first choice, and we work almost exclusively with them. ‘We love oak, and it is very popular due to its durability. It’s also very traditional, and British heritage is linked in so tightly with oak. ‘Ash is another great hardwood and is very underappreciated. It’s readily available and cheap with similar properties to oak, but it’s just not quite as durable. ‘We also use a range of other hardwoods like elm, sycamore, English cherry and walnut.’ In terms of softwood, pine is one of the most common – as well as cedar. ‘Pine gets a bit of an unfair rap. However, it’s readily available and cheap,’ adds Matthew. ‘In fact, we’ve made pieces of very high-end furniture from pine, and it’s growing ever popular in Scandinavian woodwork and design.’ There’s also MDF – which is a form of engineered wood that’s popular in DIY due to how cheap it is, and the fact you can pick it up in your local hardware store. Likewise, plywood is an engineered wood made from multiple layers of thin veneer which are glued together. ‘Different woods have their own characteristics and properties, and are good for different things. You can also use a combination of timbers in one project, each fit for a different function and purpose,’ explains Matthew. Below are a few different ways you can use various types in DIY: Matthew continues: ‘For indoor furniture, a greatly under-appreciated timber is London plane, which grows extensively across the city and makes for beautiful furniture.’ Walnut, mahogany and rosewood are also all popular for furniture-making. ‘Shelving is a perfect opportunity to explore unique and unusual timber varieties in your woodwork, as almost any timber can make a good indoor shelf,’ says Matthew. Lots of people choose to create shelving with MDF because the boards are straight, smooth, and consistent – plus are less costly. Panelling is a great way to add character to a wall or cupboard and MDF is normally used for this particular DIY venture. Moisture-resistant MDF is the best option as this gives a better finish when painted – not to mention it’s one of the more cost-effective options. Typically, you can get MDF cut to size or you can do it yourself at home. Matthew says: ‘When you’re working on outdoor projects, it’s important to think about durability and rotting due to water exposure. Outdoors, hardwoods like oak and sweet chestnut are king – whereas softwoods, like pine, do less well. ‘If you look beyond resistance to rotting, there are a lot of timber options that you can use outdoors. One of our favourites is larch, which is great for decking and cladding, while sweet chestnut is used in traditional fence making. ‘Both grow widely in the UK so make great sustainable choices and help support our timber industry.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Couple creates stunning DIY bathroom for just £550 – buying things on Gumtree and eBay MORE : Couple save on stunning bathroom transformation with YouTube DIY tutorials MORE : DIY couple reveal how to create a stylish panelled wall for just £29