Martin Roberts has recalled his terrifying emergency operation, saying he saw doctors plunging an eight-inch needle into his chest. The Homes Under The Hammer presenter revealed he could have had ‘hours to live’ had he not had the operation, which was performed after doctors found ‘massive amounts’ of fluid on his heart. Thankfully, Martin, 58, is recovering following his operation, sharing updates with fans, but doctors are still trying to find out what the problem was. He recalled a doctor giving him local anaesthetic before inserting an eight-inch syringe into his chest and drained a litre and a half of fluid from the sack around his heart. ‘They think I’ve got an underlying respiratory condition that has caused this problem and the spread to the heart,’ he said. ‘That sounds like an effect, it’s not the cause. So now they’re going put me on antibiotics to get rid of the underlying problem with my lungs. So I’m in hospital probably for another week or so.’ Martin added to OK! that his kidneys are nearly fully recovered but doctors are unsure about his liver and lungs. ‘It remains to be seen whether I get full function back of my liver and kidneys. I don’t know about the lungs,’ he continued. Martin had previously said on Twitter: ‘Well, I have to say this isn’t where I expected to be watching Homes Under the Hammer today. ‘Bit of good news, bit of bad news. I ended up in the Royal United Hospital in Bath yesterday. I’ve been having quite a few chest pains and just feeling generally lousy. ‘So I was brought in here and turns out I had a massive amount of fluid all around my heart, which was actually stopping my heart working. ‘Had they not got rid of it, which they did in an emergency operation last night, then it’s sort of quite serious, like, hours to live kind of c**p. ‘So anyway here I am, still around, thank goodness, thank god and angels, all those things. ‘There’s lots of other complications that have happened as a result, but we will work through those, and I’ll keep you updated.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Homes Under The Hammer’s Martin Roberts expects to be in hospital for ‘weeks’ after emergency heart surgery MORE : Molly-Mae Hague shares behind the scenes snaps as Tommy Fury weighs in for his next fight 