There aren’t many things that can make Harry Styles belting out a One Direction classic better but Lizzo rocking up? Yeah, that’ll do it. The As It Was hitmaker rocked Coachella for a second weekend, with fans eager to see who his guest of choice would be after he brought out Shania Twain for a glorious duet last time. Of course, it was his good pal Lizzo, who he’s previously performed with and the pair wasted no time in giving us an incredible rendition of What Makes You Beautiful. To make things even better, the two of them went on to give us their version of Gloria Gaynor’s I Will Survive. Harry, 28, and Lizzo, 33, rocked matching pink numbers for What Makes You Beautiful before donning glorious pink feather coats for I Will Survive. After the performance, the Truth Hurts hitmaker shared an adorable snap, writing: ‘Proud of you @harrystyles. Thank u for having me 🥺.’ Safe to say fans are in pieces. ‘Harry styles and lizzo singing i will survive by gloria gaynor in 2022 while wearing a pink fur is a cultural reset,’ one said, while another added: ‘Harry styles and lizzo performing ‘i will survive’ in pink feather coats. That’s the definition of iconic.’ ‘Never in a million years did I think I’d be seeing Lizzo and Harry singing I will survive by Gloria Gaynor and What makes you beautiful,’ another added, while one more said: ‘HARRY AND LIZZO ARE NOW COVERING WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL HELP.’ Help indeed. What Makes You Beautiful was One Direction’s debut single, released in 2011 after their appearance on X Factor. It shot to number one in various countries, including the UK. Harry’s been smashing it at Coachella, with Variety reporting that his last set was such a draw, it brought over 100,000 of the festival’s 125,000 attendees to watch him as he took the main stage, meaning 20,000 people were watching other acts on smaller stages at the time. The publication also noted that actual attendance numbers tend to fluctuate for large-scale events anyway, particularly considering that many people may have tested positive for Covid-19 and been forced to cancel plans to attend. Reps for Coachella’s promoters previously declined to give out attendance figures or comment to the publication. Harry’s set appears to be one of the festival’s most popular, with similar sized crowds reported for previous headliners including Beyonce, who performed in 2018. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Liam Payne finally addresses ‘ever-changing’ accent in infamous Oscars interview: ‘I’d had a lot to drink’ MORE : Harry Styles’s glittering Coachella headline set ‘drew crowd of over 100,000 people’ 