Emily Atack has detailed the horrific extent of the abuse she receives online, including rape threats, which have forced her to move home four times. The former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here star has been praised in recent years for her campaign against cyber-bullying, having been subjected to the abuse herself. However, the online trolling continues to be a constant, everyday pain for Emily, who has shared the impact it has had on her mental health. She is often sent explicit photos of men flashing themselves to her and even self-pleasuring, amounting to around 200 videos and images per day. Many of the threats include people claiming to know where she lives, and warning that they’ll harm her family. Due to feeling unsafe in her own home, Emily has moved house four times and even considered living with flatmates again. ‘They knew where I lived, said what they were going to do to me, even my family. I got the police involved,’ she told The Sun On Sunday. ‘I’ve had people commenting on my body, my face, my hair, calling me fat, an untalented piece of s***, annoying, whatever, my whole life. ‘I’ve developed quite a thick skin. But when I started getting actual rape threats, and felt my safety was in jeopardy, it became too much.’ Emily, 32, revealed one man in particular has continued to bombard her with inappropriate content, and that when she blocks him, he creates another account to abuse her. The TV presenter contacted the police and said that while ‘they cared’, they eventually ‘hit a dead end’ because they aren’t allowed to access IP addresses and social media accounts. ‘So I just lost — you put your faith in the police, the people who are supposed to protect you, but I just lost faith in that system. There’s only so much they can do,’ she admitted. Emily constantly feels sexually objectified and revealed: ‘It has made me question my entire existence at times, and how men see me.’ Just last month, the Celebrity Juice star slammed the ‘perverts’ bombarding her with horrible messages after a photo of her in a taxi began circulating a porn website. MORE : Jada Pinkett Smith all smiles as she makes first public appearance since husband Will Smith slapped Chris Rock MORE : Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz ‘share first dance to Elvis Presley’ after marrying in lavish £3,000,000 wedding 