Amina Muaddi has spoken out to slam rumours A$AP Rocky and Rihanna have split up after he cheated on her. The designer had been embroiled in the lie, which originated on social media and had been denied by sources, and took to Instagram to vehemently deny the ‘vile’ claims. She wrote: ‘I’ve always believed that an unfounded lie spread on social media doesn’t deserve any response or clarification, especially one that is so vile. ‘I initially assumed that this fake gossip – fabricated with such malicious intent – would not be taken seriously. However in the last 24h I’ve been reminded that we live in a society that is so quick to speak on topics regardless of factual basis and that nothing is off limits. ‘Not even during what should be one of the most beautiful and celebrated times in one’s life. Therefore I have to speak up as this is not only directed towards me but it is related to people I have a great amount of respect and affection for. ‘While Rih is continuing to live her serene, best dressed pregnancy life and I go back to my business – I wish everyone a beautiful Easter weekend!’ Rihanna and A$AP, who are currently expecting their first child together, went viral on social media after the untrue claims he had cheated with Amina emerged. A source associated with both Rihanna and A$AP had previously said the rumours were ‘100% false,’ adding to TMZ that the claims are: ‘1 million percent not true. They’re fine.’ The rumours appear to be down to a tweet from designer Luisa Via Roma, which reads: ‘Rihanna & ASAP Rocky have split. Rihanna broke up with him after she caught him cheating with shoe designer Amina Muaddi.’ Rihanna is currently in the third trimester of her pregnancy, and has been stunning fans with her stylish maternity outfits since revealing she was expecting in January. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Have Rihanna and A$AP Rocky split after couple hit by cheating claims? MORE : Who is Amina Muaddi? Career and Instagram amid Rihanna breakup rumours 