Bradley Walsh was left flustered after his enthusiasm got the better of him on The Chase, causing him to actually break part of the podium. On Wednesday’s show, Bradley welcomed contestants Max, Helen, Jonny and Emma, who were all hoping to walk away with a share of the prize pot. They were up against Mark aka The Beast, who was hoping to stop them from bagging a big cash prize on the tea-time quiz show. At one point during Max’s head-to-head round with Mark, Bradley got a bit over-excited after posing another question to the player. Bradley asked Max: ‘Which of these counties borders the other two?’ He gave the three possible options as Gloucestershire, Hampshire and Wiltshire, with Max opting for Wiltshire. But it all got too much for Bradders as he smacked his hands down on the set as he was convinced Max had chosen the correct answer. Seconds later, he realised the impact of his enthusiasm as he realised he’d broken a bit of the podium. Bradley confessed: ‘Okay, I’ve cracked it I’m so sorry. Have we got a spare? He went on to comment: ‘I can’t believe that’s happened, have we got a spare?’ As the host struggled to move on from the mishap, he joked to the contestant: ‘If you win the £35k can you lend me a couple of quid?’ Mark couldn’t even keep his composure after Bradley’s blunder, laughing at the host and reminding him to go ‘steady’. Bradley then explained: ‘I get so into the game! As soon as you put Wiltshire [as the answer] I knew it was right. ‘We are three from home, come on Max.’ Unfortunately, Max was eliminated shortly after, with his three fellow players managing to make it through to the final Chase. However, they were caught by Mark – who was on fine form – after only getting 14 correct questions in their bid to win a whopping £75,000. The Chase airs weekdays from 5pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nikki Grahame’s mum dubs late Big Brother star’s NTA win ‘the happiest day of her life’: ‘I have never seen her more proud’ MORE : ‘Rude’ Adil Ray and Kate Garraway slammed by GMB viewers as they interrupt segment on how iPhone emergency function can save your life 