It’s DIY Month at Metro.co.uk, so for this week’s How I Made It, we’re looking at an unlikely worker in the DIY space. Sylvia is a handywoman for TaskRabbit, but what makes her unique is that not only is she a woman, but she’s still building things at the age of 70. She heard about TaskRabbit through a choir teacher friend who had been listing her music tutoring services on the platform. Soon after, Sylvia was made redundant from her job as a case worker for a housing safety charity, and she needed to find a way to top up her income from her pension. As Sylvia puts it, she wasn’t ready to give up work and ‘sit on a park bench all day’, but she wasn’t looking for a nine to five. As her previous job was focused on making safety inspections for electrical fixtures in homes, she figured handywork would suit her. Now she specialises in electricals along with DIY and furniture assembly. This is how she makes her unusual set-up work. Hey Sylvia. How far back does your experience in electricals and DIY go? I have been perfecting my craft since 1994. It all started when I studied at East London College to train as an electrician. Even though I just turned 70, I’m going to continue working part-time. What made you get into handywork? I have always been better with my hands than sitting at a desk. The way I work now is relatively new to me, but my past electrical experience meant I could carry that over and work practically to help people with their home renovation projects. I like helping people and many of my clients turn into repeat customers too, whenever they need work done around the house. I’m just playing to my strengths and earning money at the same time. Do you come up against stereotypes as a woman, with people assuming you can’t do DIY? Not usually – most of my clients are women and they are usually so pleased to have found a handywoman for the job. Of course, there is still stereotyping out there, but a lot less since I started back in the 90s. However, it is extremely useful to have colleagues who are there to help. I have two lovely male colleagues to assist me when I need an extra pair of hands on larger tasks – being 70, sometimes I need it! What’s the hardest job you’ve had to do? One of the hardest tasks I’ve been involved in was converting a church into an art centre. Having to channel recesses for cabling into stone was the most physical challenge I have experienced in my career. It’s not easy, but it is rewarding. What do you love about your job? I love the freedom of being my own boss, as well as the clients I get to meet and the relationships I can build with them. TaskRabbit is the reason I’ve been able to keep my mind and body fit and I love the flexibility and spontaneity that the platform gives me. Lastly, it’s well paid and one never runs out of work in a place like London. Is there anything you dislike? It’s physically quite demanding and that gets harder with age. Do you have an interesting career journey? Email tanyel.mustafa@metro.co.uk to share your story. MORE : How I Made It: ‘I was told I’d amount to nothing – now I’m a famous sculptor’ MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m a costume maker for TV and London’s West End shows’ MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m one of the UK’s few courtroom artists, sketching out the biggest stars and stories’