Feeling stressed and overwhelmed? From herbal supplements to feminine rituals, this week’s Fit List is packed with products that can help you find your zen. Plus there are more practical fitness buys in the form of hiking footwear, activewear, and a steps app that rewards you as you walk. Here are our picks this week: Walking app WeWard converts your steps into cash, gifts or donations to charities. It uses your smartphone’s pedometer to record your daily movement, which is then accrued as ‘wards’ that can be converted into cash. These can be used at places like NA-KD, Feel Unique, Farfetch, ASOS and New Balance. Available to download on Android and iOS. This thoughtful Chemo Care Box from Wellbeing Sisters is packed with products that are pampering and yet practical for those going through chemotherapy. It includes things like a journal and tea to ward off nausea. Buy for £50 (worth £76.99) from WellbeingSisters. Want to make your weekly catch-up with the girls about more than just wine? Anoushka Florence’s book, The Women’s Circle: How To Gather With Meaning, Intention And Purpose, is a practical guide to hosting different rituals, from a bridal or mamahood blessing to a grief circle. Buy for £16.99 from Waterstones. Pacifica’s Wake Up Beautiful range will help with ageing issues thanks to ingredients such as retinoid to reduce fine lines, melatonin to support your sleep and mushrooms to promote hydration and banish irritation and puffiness. Buy from £16 at Cult Beauty. Two of our favourite brands have teamed up to launch three vegan walking shoes. The Merrell Moab Speed Gore-Tex X Sweaty Betty shoes are made for the trails, whether that’s walking or running. The three designs are waterproof and made from recycled fabrics. They coincide with the launch of Sweaty Betty’s hiking edit, Happy Camper (from £40). Buy for £125 from Sweaty Betty. Need a moment of calm between the chaos of life? Pukka Herbs Inner Peace herbal supplements contain a combination of ashwagandha, chamomile and lavender to support resilience and promote a sense of calm. Buy for £24.99 (60 capsules) from Pukka Herbs. TV presenter Laura Whitmore has teamed up with sports brand Dare 2b to create the SS22 Edit range, which consists of 22 items that come in a pastel pink, lavender and neutral colour palette. The line includes sports bras, squat-proof leggings, sports tops and outdoor jackets. Plus, for the first time, a capsule swimwear collection. Buy from £20 from Dare 2b. Head and Shoulders’ new DermaX Pro Scalp Care line is a gamechanger for dry scalps. The four ranges are enriched with ingredients like active aloe, cactus extract, coconut and vitamin E to provide help with different skin issues, alongside the brand’s active anti-dandruff ingredient (piroctone olamine). Buy from £6 from Boots. Love Bridgerton? Then you’ll love Hobbycraft’s Beginner’s Embroidery Workshop inspired by the Netflix series. You’ll learn techniques such as stem stitch, satin stitch and French knot all the while enjoying the relaxation and mindfulness of the sewing action itself. Available until Sunday, £30 per 90min session (includes admittance and a craft kit) via Class Bento. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Apple Fitness Plus launches postpartum workouts designed to ease mums back into fitness MORE : No exercise for a week has the same effect on mental wellbeing as seven nights of bad sleep, says study MORE : The 20-minute workout: Six simple moves for a quick HIIT workout