Piers Morgan has reignited his feud with Nicki Minaj after slamming her as the ‘rudest little madam he’s ever had the displeasure to meet’. The broadcaster, 57, did not hold back when asked to give his verdict on Nicki, 39, for his new show, Piers Morgan Uncensored. In a teaser clip for the programme, which kicks off on TalkTV on April 25, Piers revealed his dislike for the rapper started when she refused to meet his sons. He explained: ‘Nicki Minaj, without any a shadow of a doubt and without any fear of contradiction, was the rudest little madam I’ve ever had the displeasure to meet. ‘America’s Got Talent around 2006-7, she turned up as our guest on our show and my sons were all quite young, all under 12 I think, all wanted to meet Nicki Minaj. ‘Nope. Refused to do it. Rude little madam. Never coming on my show again. You’re banned.’ It’s not the first time the pair have locked horns, as Piers previously weighed in on Nicki’s row with Professor Chris Whitty after she made comments about the coronavirus vaccine. Nicki had been called out at a coronavirus briefing from Professor Whitty and the Prime Minister over a viral tweet, in which she claimed her cousin’s friend in Trinidad suffered from swollen testicles and became impotent – causing his girlfriend to cancel their wedding – after he got the Covid-19 vaccine, a claim which was quickly debunked. Piers then waded into the row, calling Nicki ‘ghastly’ and ‘one of the rudest little madams I’ve ever met’, with the rapper replying: ‘Sir I’ve never met you. I know… we all look alike. “Rudest little madam”. I like it. Has a special ring to it. Thanks Pierce. Love the accent. I’d love to come chat. Scones. Tea. Clown nose & big red shoes for you. Lmk babe.’ The former Good Morning Britain host then hit back: ‘Madam, we met on @AGT when you appeared as a guest act – but you refused to say hello to my three young sons because you were ‘too busy’. Oh, and it’s ‘Piers’ – I know, we Brit names all sound alike.’ Nicki accused Piers of lying, firing back: ‘I never turn down pics with kids. If a middle person told you that, they were out of line. don’t blame me you stupid piece of s***. Piers Morgan Uncensored will launch on Monday, April 25 on Talk TV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan urges Katie Price to stop her ‘chaotic life’ for her children: ‘Someone has to tell you some home truths before it’s too late’ MORE : ‘Repulsively tone-deaf’: Piers Morgan slams Kim Kardashian for ‘making criminal’s execution about herself’ 