A former care worker from Nottinghamshire could become the first British prisoner of war in the Ukraine conflict. Aiden Aslin, 28, moved to Ukraine in 2018 after falling in love with a woman from Mykolaiv, and is now fighting alongside a unit of marines in the besieged port city of Mariupol on the Black Sea. Several weeks into the Russian siege, Mr Aslin’s troupe reportedly ran out of food and ammunition and had no choice but to surrender to the Russians. One of the Briton’s contacts revealed they had heard from ‘Johnny’ – Mr Aslin’s alias, the Telegraph reports. ‘It’s been 48 days, we tried our best to defend Mariupol but we have no choice but to surrender to Russian forces,’ Mr Aslin said in a message shared by the contact. ‘We have no food and no ammunition. It’s been a pleasure everyone, I hope this war ends soon.’ The contact said they consulted Mr Aslin’s family before sharing in the ‘hope for a prisoner exchange’.  Combat medic River O’Mahoney Hagg, who fought with Mr Aslin in Syria, posted the ‘awful news’ that his unit had ‘no other option but to surrender’. ‘He said he loves you all. He is strong in spirit and showed no weakness at all. He is surrendering to Russians which is only slightly better than surrendering to the Chechyns. Their commander will be meeting them soon. Please Lord have mercy,’ it said. This comes amid fears that Vladimir Putin’s forces will use white phosphorus (WP) munitions in the devastating bombardment of Mariupol. The Ministry of Defence said WP, which causes horrific burns when used as a weapon, had already been used by Russia in the Donetsk region of eastern Ukraine. President Zelensky used his nightly address to brace Ukrainians for a Russian onslaught in the east. ‘Russian troops will move to even larger operations in the east of our state,’ he said. ‘They can use even more missiles against us, even more air bombs. But we are preparing for their actions. ‘We will respond. We will be even more active in providing Ukraine with weapons.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.