A Tory MP accused of watching porn in the House of Commons has said he will continue working as a member of parliament while an investigation gets underway. Neil Parish, who represents Tiverton and Honiton, has been suspended from the Conservative’s parliamentary party while the allegations are examined. Speaking out for the first time since he was identified, he said he will ‘continue to perform my duties’ as an MP. He said: ‘Following recent allegations regarding an MP’s use of their mobile phone in Parliament, I have referred myself to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards in the House of Commons. ‘I will be cooperating fully with any investigation, and whilst it is ongoing I will continue to perform my duties as MP for Tiverton and Honiton. ‘I will not be making further comments at this stage.’ The confirmation of the man at the centre of the allegations ends days of speculation over his identity since the claims surfaced during a meeting of Tory MPs on Tuesday. Two female Conservative MPs claimed they had witnessed a colleague watching adult material on his phone during a discussion about sexual harassment. Party chiefs initially refused to name the man at the centre of the complaint as a debate raged on about a ‘shameful’ culture in Westminster. Before he was named as the man at the centre of the storm, Mr Parish, a 65-year-old grandfather-of-two, downplayed the extent of sexual misconduct by MPs in a live TV broadcast. He was invited to discuss the allegations by GB News’ Darren McCaffrey at the end of an interview about the Ukraine war. He was non-committal on whether the suspect should have the whip removed and denied there was a large cultural problem in Westminster. He said: ‘You’ve got 650 members of Parliament in what is a very intense area. ‘You are going to get people that step over the line. ‘I don’t think there’s necessarily a huge culture here, but I think it does have to be dealt with and dealt with seriously, and I think that’s what the whips will do.’ Conservative chief whip Chris Heaton-Harris suspended Mr Parish, who has represented the Devon constituency since 2010, after they talked on Friday afternoon. The Tories have refered the matter to the Independent Complaints and Grievance Scheme (ICGS), which looks into claims of bullying and sexual harassment. It is understood that process has now started after at least one witness made a referral. But a second investigation could be launched after Mr Parish’s commitment to refer himself to Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards Kathryn Stone. It was unclear what potential breach of the MPs’ code of conduct he would report himself for. But it is thought one line of inquiry could be whether Mr Parish caused ‘significant damage to the reputation and integrity’ of the Commons. Tory MP Caroline Nokes, chair of the Women and Equalities Committee, said she had been ‘disappointed’ that the whip was not removed immediately but was ‘very relieved’ that Mr Parish has now been suspended from the parliamentary Conservative Party. Labour had also called on the Tories to suspend the unnamed MP immediately after the allegations surfaced. Shadow Commons leader Thangam Debbonaire accused the government of ‘rotting from the head down’. Liberal Democrat deputy leader Daisy Cooper called for Boris Johnson to order Mr Parish to resign. The pornography claims followed reports that 56 MPs, including three Cabinet ministers, are facing allegations of sexual misconduct that have been referred to the ICGS. They also follow outrage over The Mail On Sunday publishing ‘sexist’ and disputed claims from unnamed Tory MPs that deputy Labour leader Angela Rayner tried to distract Boris Johnson with her legs during Prime Minister’s Questions. The scrutiny of politicians’ behaviour also comes after Mr Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak were fined for breaching coronavirus rules during the ongoing partygate investigation. Attorney General Suella Braverman has described a minority of men in Parliament behaving like ‘animals’ and said the porn-watching MP should be expelled if found guilty. Mr Johnson has described the alleged adult film watching as ‘clearly totally unacceptable’. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.