A man has avoided jail after he admitted sending a ‘grossly offensive’ video about the Grenfell Tower tragedy. Paul Bussetti pleaded guilty to one count at Westminster Magistrates’ Court, after the footage showed a cardboard model of the building being burned on a bonfire. He was given a 10-week sentence, suspended for two years. The 49-year-old, from Croydon, south London, was previously found not guilty after a two-day trial – but his acquittal was quashed by the High Court. Bussetti filmed the footage at an annual bonfire party hosted by a friend in November 2018, just over a year on from the disaster which killed 72 people in West London. It was widely shared in WhatsApp groups and made national news – sparking outrage. The clip was criticised as ‘vile’ by a relative of one of the victims. The court heard Bussetti said in the video: ‘That’s what happens when you don’t pay the rent.’ There were direct and indirect references to the residents of Grenfell Tower in the clip, the court was told. They included comments of: ‘Who’s jumping?’; ‘Don’t worry, stay in your flats’; and ‘Jump out of the window’. Bussetti also uttered siren noises. Another person – not Bussetti – made a racist comment, while people present could be heard laughing. Bussetti sent the video to two WhatsApp groups – one football-related, and one for a holiday group. Bussetti, wearing a dark suit and white shirt, shook his head in the dock as his comments were repeated in court. The court heard he handed himself in to police when the footage went viral. He is said to have told officers: ‘It was all over the telly and so we thought it was better to tell the truth.’ ‘It was terrible, definitely offensive to people, it was just complete stupidness (sic), one of those stupid moments.’ A victim impact statement on behalf of the Grenfell victims said: ‘The overall reaction of the Grenfell community was one of shock, horror and outrage.’ Bussetti’s lawyer said it was not his intention to cause offence – but that he wanted to mock his own friends privately. It was not established whether Bussetti was responsible for uploading the video to YouTube, nor whether it was his video, or a similar one, which was uploaded and went viral. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Woman jailed for claiming Grenfell victims ‘were Jewish sacrifice’