A British man and a French woman who went missing on a diving trip after their captain returned to port without them have been rescued by fishermen. Adrian Chesters, 46, and 18-year-old Alexia Alexandra Molina, 18, were found early on Saturday in waters near an Indonesian island. They were both taken to a hospital and are now in a stable condition, according to authorities. But the search continues for Mr Chesters’ 14-year-old Dutch son Nathan, who remains missing at sea after nearly three days. Rescuers in Malaysia have now called off their search for him and have handed over to Indonesian authorities, as they believe he has drifted into their waters. The three were diving with their Norwegian instructor, Kristine Grodem, on Wednesday in waters about 50 feet deep off the tiny island of Pulau Tokong Sanggol, near the town of Mersing. Ms Grodem, 35, was rescued on Thursday by a passing tugboat, said the four of them surfaced on Wednesday afternoon and couldn’t find their boat. They were later separated by strong currents. The boat’s skipper returned to Mersing and gave a statement to police, and he was later arrested after giving a urine sample and testing positive for methamphetamine. It is not clear if he was high on the drug at the time of the incident, but investigators are looking into any cases of negligence. In the meantime, diving activities off Mersing have been suspended. Two aircraft, nine boats and some 85 personnel as well as fishermen were involved in a search of Malaysia’s waters. But authorities in the southeast Asian country have said it is calling off the search for the last remaining diver. Mersing district police chief Cyril Edward Nuing said Mr Chesters and Ms Molina were rescued in Indonesian waters. They were saved by fishermen off Bintan island, some 100 km south of where the group disappeared. Nuing said authorities believe Nathan had also drifted into the neighbouring country’s waters. ‘As such, search and rescue in Malaysian waters from here in Mersing will be called off temporarily,’ he said. ‘Our counterparts in Indonesia have been informed and they will continue the efforts to search and rescue Nathan Renze Chesters in Indonesian waters.’ However, the police chief said Malaysian authorities would be on standby to help if needed. Malaysia’s borders reopened to foreigners on April 1 after being closed for more than two years during the pandemic. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.