The scale of destruction of Mariupol is shown by these photos from before and after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Vladimir Putin’s forces have spent weeks relentlessly shelling the southern port city while intense fighting has been carried out street-by-street. For seven weeks, Ukrainian fighters have managed to hold out amid a brutal medieval-style siege. But their outlook is looking increasingly bleak, with Russia looking poised to fully take over the city. Troops have warned they are running out of ammunition, while many people in Mariupol have been suffering from shortages in food, fuel and medicine. Strikes on infrastructure have caused prolonged internet blackouts for many, making the city even more isolated from the rest of the world. Some 21,000 civilians are thought to have died during Russia’s assault of, while another 100,000 still await evacuation. Earlier in the invasion, Russia was accused of violating agreements on safe routes out of Mariupol by shelling humanitarian corridors. Russia claimed yesterday that it had taken the city’s port and that more than 1,000 marines had surrendered. But there has been no independent verification, and Ukraine’s defence ministry said it had no information on the surrender of Ukrainian forces. Mayor Vadym Boychenko, has told German broadcaster ARD that: ‘Mariupol was, is, and will continue to be a Ukrainian city.’ He dismissed Russian reports that the port had been taken and that 1,000 fighters surrendered as ‘fake news’. But still Ukraine’s armed forces concede that Mariupol is on the brink of being conquered. Russia may have suffered considerable losses as its invasion of its neighbour has faltered more than expected. But its capture of Mariupol would be a strategic victory, as it would secure a land passage between the pro-Russian separatist cities of Donetsk and Luhansk with Crimea – which was annexed in 2014. The UK Ministry of Defence said the ‘continued defence of Mariupol is currently tying down significant numbers of Russian troops and equipment’, slowing the expected assault on the wider Donbas region. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 