Dan Walker has shrugged off reports about his BBC exit and claimed the reality is much less exciting. The TV presenter, who has hosted BBC Breakfast since 2016, announced last week that he is leaving to join 5 News at Channel 5, replacing Sian Williams. His is the latest high-profile departure from the BBC following the loss of Newsnight presenter Emily Maitlis, former North American editor Jon Sopel and veteran political interviewer Andrew Marr. Reflecting on his decision, Walker shared a photo of a picturesque sunset with his Twitter followers and wrote: ‘It is often the case that the simple truth is much duller than all the made-up “moles” and so-called “sources” claim. ‘In a nutshell… a bloke with a really good job, which he loved, got offered a really good job somewhere else which provided an amazing new challenge and the chance to make some exciting TV. ‘The bloke explained to his current employers that, even though it was a tough decision, he had decided to leave. They are now trying their best to allow him to make a dignified departure. ‘Have a great Monday. I’m off for some toast.’ Walker, 45, presented Football Focus from 2009 to 2021 and has been a fixture on the corporation’s flagship breakfast show since 2016. He previously fronted BBC Breakfast with Louise Minchin, who departed in September 2021. The 2020/2021 annual report for the BBC listed Walker’s salary as being between £295,000 and £299,999, with programme commitments listed as Football Focus, which he has since left, and also BBC Breakfast programmes. Details of his new salary have not been disclosed. Walker’s new remit will see him presenting recently relaunched flagship news bulletin 5 News, as well as ‘fronting a range of new programming on the channel’, Channel 5 said. The Strictly Come Dancing alum shared a video to his Twitter as the announcement was made, revealing he’ll be leaving the BBC ‘in the next few weeks’. He went on: ‘I’m really excited but this has also been a massive decision for me because I love Breakfast, I love working alongside Sally [Nugent] and I love the team there. ‘But Channel 5 came with big ambitions, big plans and I don’t think opportunities like this come around very often and I can’t wait. ‘I’ve also had the incredible privilege of working on some iconic programmes over the last few years, both art the BBC and elsewhere, and what I love about his deal is that I not only get to present the news, but I get to host a range of new programmes across the channel.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dan Walker penning chapter on ‘incredible’ Strictly co-star Rose Ayling-Ellis for upcoming book MORE : Who could replace Dan Walker after BBC Breakfast exit? AJ Odudu and Matt Baker among favourites 