Two executives of former President Donald Trump’s Truth Social platform have reportedly resigned, as the app has been branded by some as a failure. Josh Adams and Billy Boozer, Truth Social’s chiefs of technology and product development, have left their positions less than a year after joining, two sources told Reuters on Monday. The report of them stepping down comes shortly after some critics deemed Truth Social a failure and disaster, with hundreds of thousands of users apparently dropping off. Adams and Boozer were key players in launching the app on February 20 and their departure could stymie its effort to compete with Twitter and other social media platforms, according to two people with knowledge on Truth Social. ‘If Josh has left… all bets are off,’ said one of the sources, referring to him as the ‘brains’ behind Truth Social’s technology. As product chief, Boozer also played a major leadership role and managed the development, technology infrastructure and design teams. Last week, the tech company Sensor Tower found that Truth Social had more than 870,000 downloads in its first week, but just over 60,000 installs recently. Joshua Tucker, director of New York University’s Centre for Social Media and Politics, told the BBC that Truth Social has ‘been a disaster’. Meanwhile, left-wing blogger, Majid Padellan, called Truth Social a ‘massive failure’. ‘Now that Truth Social is a massive failure, where will conservatives say they’re leaving to go to without ever actually leaving?’ tweeted Padellan, whose handle is BrooklynDad_Defiant!, on Friday. Trump launched Truth Social after being banned from Twitter, Facebook and YouTube for allegedly inciting or glorifying violent actions in the deadly January 6 Capitol riot. The ex-president and conservatives behind Truth Social have marketed it as a free-speech platform, versus mainstream social media organizations they have accused of ‘cancel culture’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.