Tiger King star Joe Exotic has spilled the details surrounding his new relationship and how he found love behind bars, even going so far as to compare his romance to vampire-werewolf saga Twilight. The former zookeeper, who’s currently serving a 21-year sentence, announced his engagement to fellow jailbird John Graham after they met in prison. Joe is still waiting for his divorce from Dillon Passage to be finalised before tying the knot with John. In a letter to his attorney Autumn Beck Blackledge obtained by TMZ, Joe revealed the details of his new relationship, sharing that he met his ‘extremely romantic and caring’ new partner when they were both housed in the same prison unit. ‘If you ever watched Twilight, it’s as close as that,’ Joe wrote in the letter, also describing their relationship as a ‘fast attraction’. Although John has now left prison, the pair still ‘talk on the phone three times a day,’ as revealed in the letter and Joe has kept one of John’s shirts in prison with him. Joe also wrote: ‘John talks like he is from 400 years ago. ‘He is a practicing witch and is extremely romantic and caring. ‘The love we share is like no other I’ve ever experienced.’ In the letter, Joe also called Dillon ‘selfish, younger, all about a party and wanting to be famous,’ whereas John is ‘real.’ Joe has had five husbands, first marrying Brian Rhyne in the late 1980s, who later died of HIV complications in 2001. He then met his next partner, JC Hartpence, who helped him to create his travelling show. John Finlay and Travis Maldonado were Joe’s third and fourth husbands, and featured on Tiger King. They got married in 2014 in a three-way ceremony however, less than a year later, John wanted out and then, in 2017, Travis died tragically after accidently shooting himself. Joe later went on to meet Dillon on a dating app and they were together for four years before announcing their divorce. Tiger King is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : How our true crime obsession created an army of armchair detectives MORE : Louis Theroux admits joining Stormzy on tour is a ‘pinch-me moment’ as he announces six-part celebrity interview series 