Former Liverpool and Manchester City goalkeeper David James has selected the front three he thinks each side should play ahead of their all-important clash on Sunday. The Reds travel to the Etihad just one point behind the Citizens with just eight games left in the season, with many billing this match as the one that will decide the Premier League title. As such Jurgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola will have big decisions on their hands, with their team selection pivotal to the outcome of the game, and James, who made a combined 377 appearances for both clubs, has shared with Metro Sport, via Genting Casino, who he would pick for the big match. ‘I think Mohamed Salah has to start, that’s not really in question, said James. ‘Luis Diaz – what a signing. It’s not just that he’s quick and skilful but he’s mobile, so mobile. Only a little bit more than Mane but we’re talking about the best attackers in world football at the moment. ‘It’s interesting when you look at Diogo Jota’s goal return. It’s very, very good but if you look at the amount of assists there’s not many there, so where Salah’s giving assists Jota’s not doing the same. So perhaps you go with Sadio Mane instead, so Mane, Diaz, Salah.’ Salah has been the talk of the town recently, with the prolific Egyptian enduring a bit of a goal drought with no goals from open play in his last seven games for the Reds. ‘Leading up to December, Salah was scoring lots of goals but also helping others. He’s second in Liverpool assists this season [to Trent Alexander-Arnold],’ James added. ‘But then leading up to the African Cup of Nations, it was almost like there was this urgency to get the goals in before he went away for a month and his style of play changed. I just question whether or not AFCON and the exit from the World Cup qualifiers has kind of put a bit more urgency on him trying to score goals when it’s not necessarily the way Liverpool need it to be. ‘I’m not worried that he won’t regain his form. There is a conversation to be had somewhere down the line where, if there is any frustration in not scoring goals, you say not to worry about it because if you keep giving people assists then Liverpool are going to be successful.’ As for City, the former England keeper said: ‘This a more difficult pick because with Liverpool there’s quite a defined midfield and front three. With City you’ve essentially got a front five, so you could theoretically have Riyad Mahrez, Phil Foden, Bernardo Silva, Kevin De Bruyne and Raheem Sterling playing together in any position, and they’ll all attack and do their defensive duties as well. ‘Sterling, what a season this guy’s having and it’s not like it’s a better season than all the others. I think Sterling has been quietly producing some superb performances for City and I think for the game against Liverpool on the weekend is the perfect game for him because he’s in the perfect place at the moment to say, ‘I’m not worried that it’s my old club Liverpool or what’s perceived to be title decider, because I’m in form and can-do damage for City.’ ‘I’d have Sterling, Foden because this kid, no, this man is amazing, and Silva. It just amazes me when you see Silva just twist his hips and throw defenders off at any level. Premier League, Champions League, international level. He’s so, so good.’ MORE : Liverpool set to finalise summer transfer for Fulham teenager Fabio Carvalho MORE : Brazil confident of tempting Pep Guardiola away from Manchester City in sensational coup For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 