Dan Walker has stressed he’s ‘never been motivated by money’ after announcing he’s quitting BBC Breakfast for Channel 5. It was confirmed on Monday that the former Strictly Come Dancing star is leaving the corporation’s flagship programme to join 5 News, replacing Sian Williams. Addressing his departure with his Breakfast co-star Sally Nugent on Tuesday’s show, Dan said he couldn’t turn down the ‘fantastic opportunity’. ‘This has been a really difficult decision, probably the hardest decision in my career because I love you to bits and I really love working here and I love the team at BBC Breakfast,’ Dan began. ‘The six years I’ve had on this sofa has been the best six years of my career by some distance, but I think sometimes opportunities come along and you have to grab them, don’t you?’ He then implored: ‘I’ve never ever been motivated by money in any job I’ve ever taken and even though I love BBC Breakfast and everyone who works on the show, this is a fantastic opportunity to work with a brilliant team on Channel 5 and also go and make some other programmes outside of news.’ Dan, who previously presented Football Focus from 2009 to 2021, has hosted the morning show since 2016. He had previously fronted BBC Breakfast with Louise Minchin, who departed in September 2021. She was replaced by Sally, whose appointment was announced the following month. Many of Dan’s co-stars have wished him well following news of his departure, with Sally writing: ‘We’re not just colleagues but we’re friends too. Dan is simply brilliant to sit next to. I will miss him. Go and be fabulous.’ Louise added: ‘Massive congratulations and good luck Dan. You will be missed on @BBCBreakfast but you won’t miss the early alarm calls.’ Sports presenter Mike Bushell said: ‘Wow huge congratulations @mrdanwalker you’ll be greatly missed by your @BBCBreakfast family as you’re so brilliant as a broadcaster, egg man, friend, on and off the box,  but it will be an exciting new challenge and chapter.’ Dan will officially be stepping down from BBC Breakfast in the ‘next couple of weeks’. BBC Breakfast airs daily from 6am on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 