Troops from Britain’s special forces are reportedly on the ground in Ukraine and training soldiers. SAS personnel have worked with local fighters around Kyiv for the first time since the conflict began, The Times claimed. The unverified report comes a day after Moscow’s main propaganda station said World War Three has already started and Russia is at war with Nato. The UK has played a pivotal role in equipping forces fighting to repel the Kremlin’s invasion, particularly with next generation light anti-tank weapons (NLAWs). Ukrainian forces have inflicted huge damage on Russian convoys using the shoulder-mounted missile launchers. Military trainers were initially pulled out of Ukraine when the February invasion began over fears direct clashes with Russian forces could escalate the conflict. Now officers from separate battalions have claimed SAS soldiers were in Ukraine training recruits on how to operate the weapons. The Ministry of Defence did not confirm or deny the newspaper’s report. One commander said the Brits were ‘good guys’ and ‘have invited us to visit them when the war is over’. Captain Yuriy Myronenko told The Times UK military trainers familiar with NLAWs initially weren’t available so soldiers ‘had to go on Youtube to teach ourselves’, adding it’s possible to learn in ‘five to seven minutes’. He added: ‘After that we had good training. British officers were here two weeks ago in our unit and they trained us really good. ‘And because we have had successes, we have self-confidence now.’ Boris Johnson, who visited Kyiv earlier this week, is eager to increase the amount of arms being sent to Ukraine. Plans to send armoured vehicles and anti-ship missiles are being developed and executed in the Ministry of Defence. The latter may be sped up after the Ukrainian’s claimed to have sunk the Moskva, the largest warship in the Black Sea fleet which is stalking the country’s south coast. It’s unclear how many of the 500-strong crew died in the incident and Russia has continued to insist it went down because of an accidental fire, despite bombing Kyiv and elsewhere in retaliation. The Washington Post reported that Moscow had sent a diplomatic note to the United States warning of ‘unpredictable consequences’ unless Washington halts weapons shipments to Ukraine earlier this week. Western governments have towed a fine line between supporting Ukraine and hitting Russia with sanctions while avoiding direct confrontation with the nuclear power. But as far as Russia 1 is concerned, a Kremlin TV mouthpiece which has championed the war, the country is already involved in a war with Nato. MORE : More airstrikes rock Kyiv after claims ‘entire Moskva crew died in sinking’ Olga Skabeyeva, one of Vladimir Putin’s leading propagandists, told viewers Western support for Ukraine amounted to direct conflict with Russia, saying: ‘What it’s escalated into can safely be called World War Three. That’s entirely for sure. ‘Now we’re definitely fighting against Nato infrastructure, if not Nato itself. We need to recognise that.’ The Kremlin has also responded furiously to the news Finland and Sweden intend to join the military alliance. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.