Lewis Hamilton says he has a deep affinity for ‘beautiful’ Brazilian culture and wants to spend more time in the country. Brazil has been a staple on the Formula 1 calendar since 1977, having made a first appearance in the championship as one-off event five years previously, with the fan-favourite Interlagos track hosting every event since 1990. The track, which combines a slow speed, intricate middle sector with a fast start and end to lap, encourages overtaking and provides drivers with a mixture of challenges over the course of its roughly eighty second laptime. Hamilton won the first of his seven drivers’ championsips at the Sao Paolo track in 2008, after overtaking the slowing Toyota of Timo Glock at the final corner in damp conditions to take enough beats to beat home favourite Felipe Massa. Despite depriving a native of what would have been his one and only title, Hamilton always receives a rapturous reception in Brazil, and has often run a yellow helmet design since his youth which is inspired by Brazilian F1 legend Ayrton Senna. Now, on a promotional visit to the country in between the Australian and Emilia Romagna Grand Prixs, Hamilton joked he is waiting for Brazil to award him a passport so that he can spend more time there. ‘I want to spend more time here in Brazil,’ said Hamilton. ‘It’s such a beautiful culture. I’ve only been to Rio [de Janeiro] and Sao Paulo, but I want to come back for Christmas, New Year or something.’ Hamilton took a sensational victory at Interlagos last November, starting the Saturday sprint race in last place before slicing through the field on Sunday to pass Max Verstappen for first place and take secure one of the most stunning wins in his illustrious career. Footballer Neymar and Gabriel Medina have built up friendships with Hamilton. “Neymar invites me every year and Gabriel invites me every year, but I never had the chance… I’m waiting for my Brazilian passport!’, Hamilton joked. The Stevenage-born driver’s wish might just come true, however, with the Brazilian parliament set to vote on a motion inviting Hamilton to become an honorary citizen. The proposal was made by congressman Andre Figueiredo after Hamilton waved the Brazilian flag following last year’s race in Sao Paolo. Ciro Gomes, leader of the Democratic Labour Party in Brazil, has announced his support for the proposal. Hamilton, meanwhile, posted ‘I’d be honoured’ on his Twitter account. Lewis Hamilton has ‘no plans’ to stop wearing jewelry during F1 races despite FIA ban Charles Leclerc taking nothing for granted in F1 title fight despite ‘crazy’ points lead For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 