Zookeepers were stunned when they suddenly discovered a rare baby sloth as they fed the animals their supper. The new arrival is the first Linne’s two-toed sloth to be born at Dudley Zoo in its 85-year history. The baby was born to proud parents Flo and Reggie, on April 4. Zoo curator Richard Brown said staff were ‘thrilled’ at the surprise arrival. He said: ‘It was a lovely surprise for staff to discover the baby, especially as Flo wasn’t showing signs of being in labour during the day. ‘We know the news will be as exciting for our visitors as it is for our staff as we’re very aware our pair of sloths are our most popular animals on site. ‘The baby seems healthy and alert as it snuggles up to mum, who is doing wonderfully and taking first-time motherhood in her stride, while dad Reggie looks on proudly.’ Flo, who is 3, arrived at the West Midlands zoo in August 2020 as part of a European breeding programme. Gestation typically lasts six months, but keepers only realised she was pregnant when they noticed movement in her belly last month. The new arrival will be named as soon as its sex is confirmed. Mr Brown added: ‘With all our new arrivals over the last few months, this is certainly turning into a year of firsts for the zoo, as it’s our first baby sloth in our 85-year history.’ Sloths are usually native to forests in northern Southern America rather than the wilds of Dudley. But they are decreasing in numbers through loss of habitat as well as being vulnerable to predators, Mr Brown added. The pygmy three-toed sloth is classed as ‘critically endangered’ while the maned three-toed sloth is considered ‘vulnerable’. The birth comes just two months after the zoo announced another first with the arrival of a giant anteater pup. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Huge bird of prey which escaped London Zoo tries to steal family’s picnic MORE : Expert says people are either hyenas, lions, or sloths – which one are you? MORE : Flamingo spotted after escaping from zoo during storm 17 years ago