From next week (May 2), anyone travelling to Greece will not be required to show proof of a Covid-19 vaccine and airport testing requirements will be scrapped – just in time for summer. When you think of Greece, your mind might instantly go to the likes of Crete, Corfu, Rhodes and Zakynthos (Zante). While those islands are beautiful in their own right, and well-worth a visit, they’re likely to become a little crowded in the summer – especially now. If you’d prefer to get away from the tourist traps and see a different side of Greece, why not try somewhere a little more off the beaten track? Look familiar? While not an immediate choice for British holidayers, Skopelos is perhaps better known for being the filming location for Mamma Mia. Out in the Aegean Sea, the picture perfect island isn’t as easy to reach as other islands, meaning it’s somewhat untouched compared to other corners of Greece. The Ionian Islands are known for their beautiful beaches, and Paxos does not disappoint. Slightly off the beaten path, Paxos is home to traditional villages, hidden beaches and hot springs. The Port of Paxi is a must-see and, if you get the chance, make sure to visit Antipaxi: a tiny five square kilometre island just a boat ride away. Also in the Aegean, Naxos is the largest and the greenest of the Cyclades islands. Littered with white, cubic homes, ancient ruins and other historical landmarks, Naxos is a must-see. You can fly or ferry to Naxos from Athens and it’s easily reachable from other Aegean islands. This beautiful island takes its name from Icarus, the son of Daedalus, who in Greek mythology is said to have fallen into the sea nearby. This island is popular with campers and is a great place to connect with nature. Also part of the Cyclades, Sifnos is known for its pottery. All around the island you’ll have the chance to try pottery workshops and sample various Greek delicacies. Crowned with the striking white Chrysopigi Monastery and home to hidden, protected beaches, Sifnos should be at the top of your travel list. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Couple who quit their jobs now earn £6,000 a month travelling for a living with their baby MORE : Where is hot in June? 12 destinations for a scorching summer getaway in 2022 MORE : The best countries to visit over the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday 