Seven-time Formula 1 world champion Lewis Hamilton and 23-time Grand Slam winner Serena Williams are joining Sir Martin Broughton’s bid to try and purchase Chelsea Football Club from Roman Abramovich. Sky Sports reports that the pair, who have become close friends throughout their careers at the pinnacle of their respective sports, will invest up to a combined £20m if Broughton’s bid is successful. The report adds that Hamilton will ‘likely to play a formal role in Chelsea’s future efforts to promote diversity, equity and inclusion if the bid is successful.’ The former chairman of Liverpool FC is spearheading one of three bids which are competing to take control of the Stamford Bridge club. The other two come from LA Dodgers part-owner Todd Boehly and Boston Celtics co-owner Steve Pagliuca respectively. Hamilton and Williams form part of Broughton’s consortium, which also includes financial backing from American private equity billionaires Josh Harris and Dave Blitzer, who would control a majority stake in the club. The pair currently hold shares in Crystal Palace, which they would be required to sell in the event of  taking over Chelsea. Other investors who have joined Broughton’s bid include the Canadian Rogers family, the Tsai family of Taiwan, and brewing magnate Alejandro Santo Domingo. The Premier League club has been up for sale ever since current owner Abramovich was sanctioned by the UK government in the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine at the end of February, with the oligarch’s close links to Russian president Vladimir Putin coming under scrutiny. Abramovich’s UK assets have been frozen, which has put Chelsea in a precarious financial position, as they can no longer perform day-to-day transactions including selling match tickets as normal or opening retail stores while the 55-year-old retains control of the club. Sponsors including telecoms firm Three and car manufacturer Hyundai have suspended their agreements with the club, and with football clubs operating on low liquidity business models, the need to sell soon is clear. On the pitch, Chelsea were knocked out of the UEFA Champions League by Real Madrid last week, and lost the Carabao Cup final to Liverpool in February. Thomas Tuchel’s men are not in contention to win the Premier League but did secure their first ever FIFA Club World Cup victory in January, and will face Liverpool again in the final of the FA Cup at Wembley in May. Azpilicueta in angry confrontation with Chelsea fan and Tuchel backs supporter Thomas Tuchel bizarrely blames Chelsea’s own pitch for Arsenal defeat For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 