Ed Sheeran has detailed the stress and ‘cost on [his] mental health’ caused by the Shape Of You copyright battle. The 31-year-old singer won the High Court case on Wednesday alongside Snow Patrol’s Johnny McDaid and producer Steven McCutcheon, also known as Steve Mac. Two songwriters, Sami Chokri and Ross O’Donoghue, had alleged that Sheeran’s 2017 hit single infringed on ‘particular lines and phrases’ from their track, Oh Why. However, in his ruling, Mr Justice Zacaroli said ‘the two phrases play very different roles in their respective songs’. Sheeran, McDaid and McCutcheon released a joint statement after their triumph, and spoke of the emotional toll the case has taken. ‘There was a lot of talk throughout this case about cost. But there is more than just a financial cost,’ they began. ‘There is a cost on creativity. When we are tangled up in lawsuits, we are not making music or playing shows. ‘There is a cost on our mental health. The stress this causes on all sides is immense. It affects so many aspects of our everyday lives and the lives of our families and friends. We are not corporations. We are not entities. We are human beings. We are songwriters. ‘We do not want to diminish the hurt and pain anyone has suffered through this, and at the same time, we feel it is important to acknowledge that we too have had our own hurts and life struggles throughout the course of this process.’ The musicians explained that they hope their court battle highlights the need ‘for a safe space for all songwriters to be creative, and free to express their hearts… fearlessly’. However, they do also believe there should be ‘due process for legitimate and warranted copyright protection’, while not perpetuating a ‘culture where unwarranted claims are easily brought’. ‘This is not constructive or conducive to a culture of creativity,’ they stated. The trio went on to express their gratitude to Mr Justice Zacaroli for ‘delivering a clear and considered judgment which supports the position we have argued from the outset’. Sheeran, McDaid and McCutcheon described Shape of You as ‘original’ and stated: ‘We did not copy the defendants’ song. ‘We respect the music of those who’ve come before us and have inspired us along the way, whoever they are. We have always sought to clear or to acknowledge our influences and collaborators. It doesn’t matter how successful something appears to be, we still respect it. ‘It is so painful to hear someone publicly, and aggressively, challenge your integrity. ‘It is so painful to have to defend yourself against accusations that you have done something that you haven’t done and would never do.’ They later thanked their supporters for their ‘messages of love’, and thanked the publishers who ‘stood shoulder to shoulder with us at every step of the way. We are privileged to do what we do, and we know that. We want to live in a world where we are free to do what we do, openly and honourably’. Their statement concluded: ‘While this has been one of the most difficult things we have ever been through in our professional lives, we will continue to stand up against baseless claims, and protect our rights and the integrity of our musical creativity, so we that can continue to make music, always. ‘Our message to songwriters everywhere is: Please support each other. Be kind to one another. Let’s continue to cultivate a spirit of community and creativity.’ Shape Of You stormed the charts when it was released in 2017, reaching number one around the world and being named the most-streamed song in Spotify’s history in 2021. It has since amassed a staggering five billion views on YouTube. During the trial, Sheeran told the court he was trying to ‘clear my name’ and denied using litigation to ‘intimidate’ Chokri and O’Donoghue into abandoning the copyright dispute. All three Shape Of You co-authors denied allegations of copying and said they do not remember hearing Oh Why before the legal fight. Chokri told the trial he felt ‘robbed’ by the music star and was left ‘shocked’ when he first heard Shape Of You on the radio, while musicology experts gave contrasting views over whether Shape Of You has ‘significant similarities’ or is ‘distinctively different’ from Oh Why. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ed Sheeran wins Shape of You High Court copyright battle 