The last two years have been both extraordinary and tough for people who are struggling to keep their heads above water as the cost of living continues to run out of control. Turn2us, a national poverty charity, hears from people every day in desperate financial need and who are faced with making significant decisions just to work out how to get by. From mothers fleeing domestic abuse with their children, to older people unable to find stable work before retirement and before they can access their pensions, millions of us will be challenged with our finances over the coming months as soaring energy prices, along with rising inflation and stagnant wages and benefits, will push many into hardship. It is those of us on the lowest household incomes who will be hit the hardest. The Turn2us helpline received more than a million calls in the past year from people looking for support. Some of them are at breaking point and their experiences are harrowing. One mum called to ask where to turn for support as she was unable to afford bills such as energy and food. When asked when she last ate, she replied: ‘It has been three days since I’ve had a meal but at least my children have eaten something.’ Others detailed how they have fled domestic abuse but are considering returning to their violent partner because they at least know their family would be supported financially. Others are selling their belongings to scrape money together to put food on the table or pay their bills. Our Benefits Calculator and Grants Search tools, which are digital services made widely available via the Turn2us website, enable people to find out what additional income they may be eligible for via statutory benefits or grant funds. In the last year alone, 1.2 million grant searches were completed while two million people completed a benefits calculation. However, we expect to see a rise in the number of people seeking support from Turn2us services in the coming months; and there are already a reported 14.4 million people – including 4.5 million children – living in poverty in this country. For the sixth wealthiest nation in the world, this is unacceptable. We cannot underestimate the scale of the crisis we are facing. The implications of the pandemic and the ongoing cost of living crisis will likely be far-reaching for generations to come. And charities such as Turn2us will increasingly play a critical role in offering people support as they face desperate circumstances. We saw first-hand during the onslaught of the Covid pandemic the enormous impact government intervention can have to help catch people before they fall into extreme poverty. And for the people we work with, this kind of support in the face of a national cost of living crisis will be vital. More must be done to ensure everyone has enough money to live on and to stop people being plunged into financial insecurity or crisis. Unfortunately, we fear that the worst is yet to come. Turn2us is a national poverty charity that offers practical information and support to people facing financial insecurity. To find out more, visit their website. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Should you cancel your Netflix plan? Here are the most cost-effective options MORE : How much does it cost to run a hot tub