Travellers faced another manic morning as they joined huge queues for Eurostar trains in Paris. The ‘nightmare’ situation at Gare Du Nord station is believed to be down to a border control IT failure, meaning passengers can’t board trains. Services to London have been delayed by at least 30 minutes. But some passengers say the queues are taking longer and they are still waiting to board even though their trains have apparently departed. ‘People are becoming very restless and some people panicking as they have flights to catch from Heathrow this afternoon. I take it all with a pinch of salt. The main problem is lack of communication,’ one passenger  said. Another said they overheard French border officers saying they’d never seen the queues of ‘hundreds and hundreds’ of people before. ‘I would say that easily more than a thousand people are queuing in Gare du Nord. (I am) frustrated especially when we know the price of the tickets, the lack of announcements and customer service,’ he said.   The mayhem is not just confined to Paris, with travellers at Manchester Airport also facing severe disruption due to staff shortages. Photos taken at 4.22am show long lines of passengers snaking all the way outside the doors of Terminal 1. One person on Twitter claimed they arrived at the airport at 3am, but only got through security at 4.35am. Another described ‘massive queues’ at 6am though they praised the ‘thoroughly professional’ staff for getting them through security in 25 minutes. Dozens of flights have been cancelled nationwide over the long Easter weekend, with Manchester, Heathrow and Birmingham bearing the brunt. Roads have been particularly busy and disruptions are expected with some 3.96 million journeys expected to be made on Easter Monday. Planned engineering works on the rail network have caused more delays over what seems to be a nightmare bank holiday weekend for travellers. Network Rail has been carrying out 530 engineering projects which has seen the closure of the West Coast Main Line between London Euston and Milton Keynes since Good Friday. And, along with the disarray at airports at train stations, long queues have amassed in Dover as P&O ferries remained suspended over the weekend. Transport secretary Grant Shapps warned of disorder in part due to the recent relaxation of Covid travel restrictions. ‘I’m very concerned that operators, the airlines, the airport, the ports, do ensure that they get back to strength – and quickly,’ he told the BBC last week. ‘They have lost a lot of people during the pandemic, we have been warning them for a long time that they would need to gear up again. ‘I’m very keen to ensure that they manage, what always is at Easter weekend, a very busy weekend on our transport network.’ The continued chaos at airports has led ministers to consider relaxing counter-terrorism recruitment checks, according to reports. In a leaked letter obtained by The Telegraph, aviation minister Robert Courts said the security changes will be made in the coming weeks. At the moment, security vetting can take almost twice as long as it takes the Department of Transport to complete it. The new proposals would see new staff trained at the airport, but they will not be allowed to work beyond security, passport control or at custom checks in the terminal. ‘I want to stress that while we are acutely conscious of the need to get more staff into your operations, we have to balance this against the risk of insider threat and other security factors. This will always be our primary focus,’ Mr Courts reportedly said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.