Rishi Sunak’s wife does not pay taxes to the British government for money she earns abroad, it has been revealed. The Chancellor’s billionaire wife Akshata Murty holds non-domicile status in the UK, The Independent reports. While most people in the UK pay taxes on all of their income – no matter where it comes from – Ms Murty is only taxed on what she earns inside the country. It is entirely legal, with the status given to people who live in the UK but are considered to be ‘with’ another country. But it is optional and people who have it can still choose to pay full taxes in the UK. This would be opting to be taxed on an arising basis. Sources quoted said Ms Murty could have potentially saved millions of pounds over the last few years. Ms Murty has defended her status, with a spokesperson saying: ‘Akshata Murty is a citizen of India, the country of her birth and parent’s home. ‘India does not allow its citizens to hold the citizenship of another country simultaneously. ‘So, according to British law, Ms Murty is treated as non-domiciled for UK tax purposes. She has always and will continue to pay UK taxes on all her UK income.’ The revelation has caused controversy as it comes after Mr Sunak raised UK taxes amid a financial crisis sparked by Covid. It is understood he declared his wife’s tax status when he became a minister in 2018, and the Treasury was also aware. Labour said: ‘The Chancellor has imposed tax hike after tax hike on the British people. It is staggering that, at the same time, his family may have been benefitting from tax reduction schemes. ‘This is yet another example of the Tories thinking it is one rule for them, another for everyone else. ‘Rishi Sunak must now urgently explain how much he and his family have saved on their own tax bill at the same time he was putting taxes up for millions of working families and choosing to leave them £2,620 a year worse off.’ The number noted is based on Labour calculations which predict households will this year cough up an extra £1,060 on tax, £690 on energy costs, £300 on petrol, £275 on food and £295 on mortgage. Mr Sunak has repeatedly insisted he has gone as far as he can to help Brits with the rising cost of living. He previously Good Morning Britain: ‘I’ve always been honest and open with the country about the ability of any chancellor [let alone] me to solve every problem, particularly when we’re grappling with global challenges that are challenging all sorts of countries in a similar way. ‘America’s having higher inflation than us, Europe’s very similar at the moment. But where we can make a difference, of course I’m going to act and make a difference and that’s what we did [with the Spring Statement]’. Ms Murty is listed on LinkedIn as being director of capital and private equity firm Catamaran Ventures, gym chain Digme Fitness, and gentlemen’s outfitters New and Lingwood. She is also reported to hold a 0.91% stake in Infosys, which was founded by her billionaire father. The Treasury declined to comment to The Independent. Metro.co.uk has also contacted the Treasury. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.