Unai Emery claims Arsenal’s board was reluctant to sack him and believes Mikel Arteta has been fortunate the club’s fans have remained so patient during difficult times. The former Gunners boss has rebuilt his reputation at Villarreal following a difficult 18 months in north London which culminated in his dismissal back in November 2019. Emery exacted a measure of revenge on Arsenal last season after the Yellow Submarines knocked Arsenal out of the Europa League, before defeating Manchester United in the final. Arteta has recovered from that ignominy to lead a rejuvenated Arsenal side to within touching distance of the Premier League’s top four, but Emery insists he is benefiting from the groundwork he laid. ‘Five captains left in the first year, there were many changes and patience was needed,’ Emery told The Athletic, detailing some of the issues he encountered after he was appointed as Arsene Wenger’s successor. ‘It was not an easy process. The fans did not have patience. Xhaka had problems with the fans and in the dressing room where other experienced players did not understand his role as captain. Xhaka was an important player for me — he was a good person, very committed to his coach. ‘The club was happy with me, but the fans were calling for a change, and it had to happen.’ Emery also created a path into the first team for the likes of Bukayo Saka and Emile Smith Rowe, two academy graduates who have established themselves as key components of Arteta’s rebuild. ‘That was the change. Saka and Smith Rowe began to play with me,’ he says.’I gave Saka his Premier League debut against Fulham, on January 1, when he was 17. ‘You had to work with these young players, to replace those who were there before. Gabriel Martinelli, who arrived then too — I knew he was a player who would grow. ‘They have put together a group who are all going in the same direction, working together, showing respect,” he says. “I knew that whoever began after Wenger, it was difficult for people to understand the changes that had to be made. ‘Arteta is doing a good job, continuing what I began. He has had that patience from the fans, the patience they did not have with me. But I understand that.’ MORE : Patrick Vieira and Wilfried Zaha reveal Crystal Palace game plan to beat Arsenal MORE : Mikel Arteta apologises to Arsenal fans and is ‘sorry’ for substituting Nuno Tavares at half time in Crystal Palace defeat For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 