Pete Davidson appears to have finally met Kim Kardashian’s daughter North despite her ex-husband Kanye West’s wishes. The Saturday Night Live comedian has been dating the Skims boss since October but was thought to have never met Kim’s four children, North, Saint, Chicago and Psalm, who she shares with former spouse Kanye. Well, that seems to have changed over the weekend as Pete, 28, was pictured driving around eight-year-old North in a pink electric Moke car. Their quality bonding time took place on Sunday afternoon at around 5pm and lasted 30 minutes. In the photos obtained by TMZ, they appeared to be getting along well as, at one point, Pete and North looked back at the camera and smiled as the youngster took charge of helping the comedian steer the car. The fun outing was reportedly within Scott Disick’s gated community and his daughter Penelope, who he shares with Kim’s sister Kourtney, reportedly joined them on the joyride. It doesn’t appear that North was joined by her siblings, Saint, six, Chicago, four, and Psalm, two, but it’s possible they were inside the house. Last month, Kanye, 44, made it clear via social media that he did not want Pete to meet his children as his divorce from Kim, 41, turned bitter. The Gold Digger rapper leaked text messages between him and Pete in which the comic stated: ‘As a man, I would never get in your kids’ way, that’s a promise.’ Kanye replied: ‘No you will never meet my children.’ The tension escalated when Pete allegedly sent Kanye a topless selfie of himself, claiming to be ‘in bed with [his] wife’. Kim filed for divorce from Kanye in February 2021 after more than six years of marriage. She struck up a romance with Pete after she appeared as a guest host on SNL eight months later. Things seem to be getting serious between Kim and Pete, as she is said to have also met his grandparents during a trip to New York last week. The reality star is thought to have accompanied her boyfriend in order to check things out on set of his new movie, and the production happened to be close to Pete’s grandparents’ house on Staten Island. After the shoot wrapped up for the day, they reportedly dropped by to spend some quality time with Pete’s family, meaning Kim officially met his grandparents. Pete has already met other members of Kim’s family, including her sisters Khloe and Kourtney, and mother Kris Jenner. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Japanese director Sion Sono accused of sexual assault by two actresses amid country’s #MeToo movement MORE : Liam Payne concerned about following in One Direction bandmates’ footsteps on Soccer Aid: ‘I’ve got a lot to live up to’ 