A seemingly irate Johnny Depp was seen furiously slamming cabinet doors in video footage shown to the court during the actor’s defamation lawsuit against former wife Amber Heard. It marked the conclusion of the second week of the trial, with Depp, 58, suing Heard, 36, for libel over a 2018 article she wrote in The Washington Post, which his lawyers say falsely implies he physically and sexually abused her. The article does not mention him by name. Heard is countersuing for $100million (£76m) claiming Depp libeled her by calling her a liar. The pair met on the set of 2011’s The Rum Diary before marrying in 2015. They divorced a year later. On Thursday members of the jury were shown footage and audio of the Pirates Of The Caribbean actor’s allegedly violent episodes, which included a video filmed by Heard. In the clip, Depp – wearing a feathered hat and dark sunglasses – was seen to be slamming kitchen cabinets and throwing items. At one stage he appears to hurt himself as he shouts ‘motherf***er’ and kicks out at pieces of furniture. He’s also seen pouring himself a large glass of wine in one clip before appearing to become angry after discovering he was being filmed by Heard. Depp, who denies physically abusing Aquaman star Heard, on Thursday admitted he had ‘assaulted a couple of cabinets’. In the clip, Heard asks Depp ‘What happened? All I did was say sorry,’ as Depp replies: ‘Did something happen to you? I don’t think so.’ Asked whether he was violent, Depp told the court: ‘Clearly I was having a bad time. I don’t know what with regard to, but being illegally recorded by your chosen other is quite fitting with the rest of the photographs and tape recordings. She tried to hide it from me and laughed and smiled at the end. That was the most interesting part.’ In another audio recording, Heard can be heard repeatedly saying ‘please don’t hurt yourself’ as Depp threatens to cut himself with a knife. The evidence was produced on day three of Depp’s testimony at the trial in Virginia, in which, at one stage as Depp spoke, Heard looked close to tears. A series of graphic and violent text messages Depp had sent about Heard to Avengers actor Paul Bettany were also shown to the court. In a 2013 text conversation, Depp said to Bettany: ‘Let’s burn Amber. Let’s drown her before we burn her. I will f**k her burnt corpse afterwards to make sure she’s dead.’ Aquaman actress Heard’s lawyer Benjamin Rottenborn asked Depp if he lived up to the standards of a ‘southern gentleman’. ‘When you have deep, deep roots in the south… you’re raised to be a southern gentleman, that is to say when chivalry was still alive and allowed,’ Depp responded. ‘I believe I do (live up to the standards), I have certainly done my best all my life.’ He later admitted that he had experienced times where he had ‘strayed’ from such standards and said that it was a ‘normal, primal’ thing to have done. In a later conversation with Bettany, the actor said he had drunk ‘all night’ before picking up Heard to fly to Los Angeles. ‘Ugly, mate… No food for days… Powders… Half a bottle of Whiskey, a thousand red bull and vodkas, pills, 2 bottles of Champers on plane,’ the message read. Much of the evidence heard so far at the trial has made reference to his use of substances while the two were together, which Heard’s lawyers argued had triggered violent episodes. Depp previously testified that Heard’s behaviour had ‘inspired’ him to use substances and said she had not been ‘supportive’ of his attempts at sobriety, while shocking audio was also played to the court in which Heard allegedly admitted to ‘hitting’ her former spouse. On Wednesday, Rottenborn reminded Depp that the lawsuit was not being brought over anything the actress herself had done prior to writing the Washington Post article. Depp will continue giving evidence when the trial at Fairfax County District Court continues on Monday. MORE : Johnny Depp describes writing in his own blood after severing finger in brutal incident during Amber Heard court battle MORE : Johnny Depp tells court he was ‘more inspired’ to use drugs and alcohol due to Amber Heard’s behaviour