Blac Chyna’s mother Tokyo Toni has reportedly been banned from attending the star’s trial against the Kardashians following a foul-mouthed rant. Kim, Khloe, Kylie and Kris Jenner attended court on Monday after being sued by Chyna, real name Angela White, for $108million (£83m) in damages, including $44m for ‘past economic damage’ and $64m for ‘future economic damage’. It is in relation to the cancellation of Chyna’s reality series with Rob Kardashian, who she shares five-year-old daughter Dream with. On Monday night, hours after the court hearing, her mother Toni – real name Shalana Hunter – appeared in an Instagram live where she reportedly unleashed profanities about the Kardashians. In a video circulating online, Toni, who sat behind the famous family, said the Kardashians ‘looked dead’ as well as ‘homeless’ and compared Kris to a character from the horror movie Saw. ‘Kris had on a f***ing crusty a** tan suit with one button,’ Toni reportedly said. ‘They look scary in real life.’ She also said of Khloe: ‘Did you have some Xanax before you got there b****?’ During Tuesday’s court hearing, the Kardashians’ attorney Michael Rhodes addressed the rant and said according to TMZ: ‘She cannot be in this courtroom if this is how she is going to conduct herself. ‘Miss Jenner was physically worried this morning about her safety. ‘A trial like this is hard – it’s a lot harder if I have to worry about my clients’ safety.’ In response, Chyna’s attorney, Lynne Ciani, told the court: ‘I have told my client that if she cannot control her mother if she says something inappropriate, she cannot come into the courtroom.’ Rhodes also asked the judge about the seating arrangement in court, which he said was unfair towards the Kardashians as they were sat in the public area while Chyna was allowed to sit at the plaintiffs table. The judge reportedly granted Rhodes’ request and the Kardashians were moved to the front row. A jury was eventually chosen on Tuesday meaning a trial can begin soon. Chyna was engaged to Kardashian brother Rob and they appeared together in one season of their E! reality show before it was axed after they split in 2016. While Rob’s attorney said their split is what caused the show to end, Chyna insists the Kardashians plotted to ensure her show was taken off the air, which they deny. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp admits he’s ‘never seen’ Pirates of the Caribbean despite worldwide success – as he takes stand amid Amber Heard trial MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: Bosses insist no offence was intended with ‘Jim Crow’ act 