Molly-Mae Hague was a ‘proud’ girlfriend last night as boyfriend Tommy Fury won his latest boxing fight. However, she’s perhaps most thankful to finally have her boyfriend back home having barely seen him over the past two months due to his training. Tommy, 22, claimed a victory against Polish boxer Daniel Bocianski on Saturday night at Wembley Stadium, flooring his opponent in the fifth round. Girlfriend Molly-Mae, 22, was there watching supportively from the audience alongside Paris Fury, wife of Tommy’s brother Tyson Fury who also later won his anticipated fight against American Dillian Whyte in the sixth round. Following Tommy’s triumph, Molly-Mae said: ‘I’m proud and so relieved and I know he will be too. ‘We waited so long for that moment and now we’ve got the win we can relax and actually be a couple again because I feel like I’ve not actually seen him for two months now so it’ll be nice.’ The former Love Island star was pictured looking nervous as Tommy took on Bocianski in the ring, and she admitted it’s not easy watching her partner take and deliver blows. ‘I don’t actually watch him, I watch the screen,’ she revealed to BT Boxing Sport. ‘That’s my way of dealing with it. I think to watch him in the flesh it feels much harder, so I watch the screen and that relieves a little bit of the stress, but I’ve got nail marks in my arm from where I’m digging in. ‘It’s horrible, I wouldn’t wish it on my worst enemy honestly. The fear of watching your person in a ring is not nice.’ With the big fight now over, Molly-Mae and Tommy are looking forward to jetting off on holiday to America to celebrate his 23rd birthday on May 7. The couple, who met on the 2019 series of ITV2’s Love Island, recently bought their first home together marking a huge milestone in their almost three-year relationship. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Molly-Mae Hague shares behind the scenes snaps as Tommy Fury weighs in for his next fight MORE : ITV announce new true crime drama The Hunt For Raoul Moat about bringing the violent killer to justice 