Tyson Fury and Dillian Whyte collide on Saturday night in the biggest British heavyweight fight in almost 30 years. Not since Lennox Lewis and Frank Bruno tore the house down in Cardiff in 1993 have two British heavyweight fighters fought for a world title on these shores with ‘The Lion’ defending his WBC strap that night. At Wembley Stadium this weekend, Fury puts the same title on the line against Whyte, who has waited over a 1000 days for his first crack at world title gold. Here, some of the biggest names in boxing past and present give their predictions ahead of fight night. ‘Fury has more experience which is maybe why I favour him.’ ‘Tyson doesn’t care about anything. He says he drinks 15 pints in a night, gets up in the morning and goes to the gym to spar all day with three or four tough fighters. ‘Not recommended but that’s the character he is. And he doesn’t care if you knock him down. Because he always gets up.’ Verdict? Fury win ‘The type of opponent that you’d need to beat Tyson Fury, Dillian Whyte has all of those attributes. He can punch hard, he’s got cardio for days he’s got the desire and belief in himself. ‘I think Whyte is going to pull off the upset. I think this is his opportunity. I think this is what he’s been waiting for. ‘This happened at the right time for him and I think the fact that Tyson Fury’s so highly regarded by everybody, works in Dillian’s favour. So, I’m going with the unpopular underdog.’ Verdict? Whyte win ‘It’s a good [quality] defence against Dillian Whyte. Whyte needs to come in look at what Tyson Fury does and reacts to the complete opposite. Maybe work the body and be conditioned to go the distance, but I hope Dillian trains hard and doesn’t underestimate Tyson. ‘Because it’s his first time fighting for a title, I think he’ll be hungry. This ain’t his 10th time fighting for a title and he can have a little hiccup along the way – this is his first time fighting for a title. ‘I’m rooting for Dillian, even though I hate him and I wanna smash him one of these days. Go on Dillian, I’m with you all the way.’ Verdict? Whyte win ‘I’m willing to put my house on it: I’m willing to put my house on Dillian Whyte knocking Tyson Fury out. ‘Look at your faces in the studio! Tyson is my mate and I know he’s listening – Tyson, you’re going to get knocked out. ‘That’s the only way he [Whyte] can win the fight.’ Verdict? Whyte win ‘Dillian has got to take it to Tyson. Of course, that is easier said than done. Tyson beats Dillian in every area, truth be told. But sometimes even the best fighters don’t win. They come unstuck because of the game plan. ‘If Dillian avoids walking onto any silly shots and draws Tyson into having a fight with him – which Tyson isn’t shy of doing – he has a big chance. ‘But to be honest, it is more about what Tyson does on the night rather than what Dillian does. If Tyson goes to war like he has done in his last two fights against Deontay Wilder, Dillian has a fantastic chance. ‘But if Tyson does what he does best and picks him off, makes him fall short and frustrates him, he will break Dillian down and maybe force a late stoppage.’ Verdict? Fury win ‘It is going to be a great fight. But I see Fury at range picking Dillian off with the jab and getting the win. ‘That is unless Whyte can utilise good head movement, get inside and work the body and head. It will be an exciting fight for sure.’ Verdict? Fury win ‘Tyson’s training camp has been great from what I’ve seen. ‘Him and his team have been doing all they can and I think he’s ready for this challenge in front of him. ‘I’ve predicted that Tyson can get a knockout early. But Whyte is a handful. ‘I know he’s very tough and you’ve got to come game, but I don’t see him winning.’ Verdict? Fury win ‘I think if you build a fighter for [challenging] Tyson Fury, you’d build something close to Dillian Whyte. A shorter, more squat guy, aggressive, a hooker who is a bit wild. ‘I think that’s Dillian Whyte isn’t it. He’s got more than a puncher’s chance, I think it’s a bit disrespectful to say that. ‘He’s got bags and bags of determination and probably a bit of chip on his shoulder because people think this is going to be an easy fight. But it’s hard for me to see anything other than a Tyson Fury victory and I think he may stop him late on.’ Verdict? Fury win MORE : Ricky Hatton: I’m backing Tyson Fury to beat Dillian Whyte but he is right to consider retirement next MORE : Mike Tyson ‘repeatedly punches’ fellow passenger who ‘wouldn’t stop talking to him’ on a plane 