Anya Taylor-Joy has addressed hope for her to play Elsa in a live-action version of Frozen and she wasn’t totally against the idea. The Queen’s Gambit star, 25, has played a range of roles throughout her career thus far, from chess extraordinaire Beth Harmon and now Olga in The Northman. However, we’re yet to see her take on the challenge of playing a Disney princess, but we’d be so here for it if she ever does. Frozen is one of Disney’s most successful releases, telling the story of Anna and her quest to find her sister, Elsa, who has the power to convert any object or person into ice. Speaking with Radio 1’s Ali Plumb, the Split actress said she’s already had some practice of playing the ice princess. ‘Looking at you now, with the colouring, I’m seeing Elsa,’ Ali began, referring to her pale blue dress and blonde ponytail. Happily accepting the compliment, Anya replied: ‘I’ll take it.’ The presenter then said it only ‘seems like a matter of time’ before a live-action Frozen comes to life, with Anya sharing a story of pretending to be Elsa for the daughter of a director she once worked with. ‘I had a meeting with a director who had a young daughter who was three and she loved Frozen,’ she began. ‘He asked me if she could come over and if I could pretend, and I did the whole thing! ‘And watching this little girl’s face because I was wearing a beanie that said True North and I was like, “You know why I come from the north”, and her eyes were just… she was so excited.’ The little girl then asked Anya if she could ‘do the magic,’ to which she responded: ‘If you ask me to do that, I’m gonna do it.’ Her eyes widened when she realised, telling the actress, ‘not now, not now!’ ‘She thought I was gonna freeze the place!’ Anya said her tiny pretend role of Elsa was ‘really fun,’ so who knows if we’ll see her take on the real thing some time soon? Responding to her interview with Radio 1, fans were totally on board with the idea of Anya playing Elsa. ‘This is so her like its so obvious she’d love it,’ wrote one, while another said she ‘looks like the perfect live-action Elsa.’ Anya’s most recent project, however, is world’s away from Frozen, as she stars alongside Alexander Skarsgård and Nicole Kidman in Robert Eggers’ adventure drama. Playing Olga in The Northman, this is her second role in one of his films after leading 2015’s The Witch. As always, she showcases her ethereal beauty and delicate touch to the part of tough-as-nails slave. The movie is now showing in UK cinemas. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kristen Stewart’s eery new trailer for Crimes Of The Future is terrifyingly gory MORE : Disney’s Broadway show Aladdin dedicates performance to original Iago Gilbert Gottfried, following his death: ‘Thank you for the laughs’ 