Kris Jenner has claimed Blac Chyna threatened to kill her daughter Kylie Jenner as she testified during their $100million (£77million) lawsuit. The model, real name Angela White, is suing her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian’s family – including Kim and Khloe Kardashian, and Kris and Kylie Jenner – over the axing of her E! reality series Rob & Chyna which aired for one season in 2016. On Thursday, Kris, 66, took the stand at the Los Angeles superior court, testifying that Kylie and her ex Tyga, both told her that Chyna threatened to kill Kylie. Tyga, 32, dated Chyna, 33, from 2011 to 2014 and the pair share their son King Cairo, nine. The rapper went on to date Kylie, 24, on and off from 2014 to 2017. Chyna moved on with Rob, 35, in 2016, who she shares daughter Dream, five, with. When Chyna’s lawyer,  Lynne Ciani, initially asked Kris whether she had ever threatened to kill Kylie, Kris said she did not recall. She was then pointed to her deposition, in which she made the allegation, according to TMZ. ‘That basically was what Kylie and Tyga told me,’ Kris said. ‘Kylie was dating Tyga at the time – I believe that’s where this aggression was coming from.’ Kris went on to say that the lawyer would have to ask Kylie and Tyga as they’re the ones with the first-hand information. She added: ‘I probably thought it was just some drama, which I’m used to.’ Kris said she relied on the assumption that Chyna wasn’t serious, and she still supported Rob’s engagement to Chyna after the alleged threat. She said: ‘I love second chances, and I wanted them to win. I wanted my son to be happy.’ Chyna had previously said she didn’t have any bad feelings towards Kylie over her relationship with Tyga. When she was asked if she ‘held a grudge’, Chyna reportedly responded: ‘No, not at all.’ Chyna previously took the stand in the trial, addressing an incident in which she was accused of pointing a gun at Rob. The Kardashian family’s lawyer, Michael Rhodes, alleged that Rob was on FaceTime with a friend when Chyna held a gun to his head. In his opening statement, Rhodes claimed Chyna yelled ‘I’m going to kill you’ to Rob. However, when she addressed the jurors in the courtroom, the mother-of-two denied this version of events and said she pointed the firearm upwards and did not put her finger on the trigger. ‘I did not point it at him. I was joking … I would never shoot Rob,’ Chyna said according to the Mail Online. The model also said it was a ‘joke’ when she put a phone cord around Rob’s neck, stating: ‘He was playing video games and I was just trying to get his attention.’ However, she did admit smashing a TV the following morning as well as a gingerbread house and damaging a bedroom door because she was angry at her ex for taking her phone and allegedly locking himself in a closet to check her messages. Chyna told the court: ‘I could not take the abuse any more of him accusing me of doing all kinds of things, I was so angry because he wouldn’t give me my phone back.’ In regards to their reality series Rob & Chyna, she told the jurors that she found out the series had been cancelled in July or August of 2017. ‘My reaction was, ”What happened?” I was disappointed and upset,’ she said. She then filed a defamation suit against Kris and Kylie, Khloe and Kim in October 2017. According to court documents, Chyna is suing the Kardashians for $108million (£83m) in damages – $44m (£33m) for ‘past economic damage’ and $64m (£49m) for ‘future economic damage’, following the decision to axe Rob & Chyna. The trial continues. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Blac Chyna for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Blac Chyna insists Rob Kardashian gun incident was a ‘joke’ and didn’t point at his head in bombshell court testimony MORE : When and why did Khloe Kardashian go to jail? 