Kevin Pietersen has hailed Jos Buttler as the ‘best T20 batter in the world’ after the England star smashed his third century of the 2022 Indian Premier League. Buttler has been in sensational form for Rajasthan Royals, scoring centuries against Mumbai Indians, Kolkata Knight Riders and Delhi Capitals. His latest ton came in Friday’s clash with Ricky Ponting’s Delhi, with the wicketkeeper smashing nine sixes and nine fours in his brilliant 116 from 65 balls as Rajasthan posted 222-2. Buttler now has four IPL centuries – just two fewer than record-holder Chris Gayle – and looks on course to break Virat Kohli’s record for the most runs scored in a single season. Pietersen told Betway: ‘Jos Buttler has made a fabulous start to the IPL. He’s the best T20 batter in the world at the moment, by a mile. ‘His array of shots and his execution of shots is unmatched, but I also love his calmness and his presence of mind in the middle. ‘That’s what sets these guys apart. They are very calm and very calculated, and then have the phenomenal shot-making and ball-striking.’ Buttler struggled in England’s unsuccessful Ashes campaign in Australia last winter and was subsequently left out of their squad for the three-match Test series against West Indies. While he has not walked away from the red-ball game, Buttler’s prospects certainly appear brighter in limited-overs cricket, having developed into one of England’s greatest ever players and a World Cup winner. Buttler’s form had helped Rajasthan Royals climb to third in the IPL table ahead of their clash with Delhi Capitals on Friday, just two points off joint-leaders Gujarat Lions and Royal Challengers Bangalore. Defending champions Chennai Super Kings are second from bottom with just two wins from five games, while five-time winners Mumbai Indians are faring even worse, sitting bottom on zero points. ‘The IPL has been a catastrophe for Mumbai,’ former England captain Pietersen added. ‘They say that batters win you sponsorships and bowlers win you premierships. I just can’t understand why Mumbai have weakened their bowling so much by using up a spot on an injured Jofra Archer and letting Trent Boult go elsewhere. ‘Left-arm seamers are such a valuable commodity in the shorter form of the game because of the different angle and Boult is as good as it gets. He’s world class. ‘I think he’s their biggest loss, ahead of Quinton de Kock and the Pandya brothers, but they are all fabulous, match-winning players. Mumbai seem to have had their soul ripped out at the mega auction. ‘Lots of the star players that made them what they are have left and they have made a horrible start to the competition. Mahela Jayawardene must be wondering what’s going on.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 