A four-year-old girl had her life turned upside down after a strange ‘stomach ache’ emerged to be aggressive cancer. Brodie Burgess’s mum, Cherie, had sought answers for almost a year. The pair visited three separate hospitals and Brodie was repeatedly diagnosed with constipation – but then a ‘strange lump’ appeared on her pelvis. Cherie said: ‘I took her to the doctor straight away and said, “we’re not leaving until she gets scanned.”’ At Great Ormond Street Hospital, doctors uncovered a 10cm x 7cm tumour in the soft tissue surrounding Brodie’s stomach. She was diagnosed with rhabdomyosarcoma – a form of cancer that affects muscle tissue in children. Multiple trips to the hospital took place over the course of the next two years. Cherie, from Croydon, told MyLondon: ‘You hear about these things happening, but you never imagine it’ll be your child. ‘It was scary because her cancer was so aggressive. We didn’t know if she was gonna make it or not.’ ‘We were stuck in the hospital.  We weren’t able to see many friends and family.’ Brodie lost all her hair as a result of chemotherapy, but remained ‘bubbly and cheerful’ through it all. Special taxis were even arranged by the NHS to take the family to hospital, as Brodie’s immune system was too weak for public transport. Thankfully, her treatment was a success, and the little girl, now seven, has been in remission for two years. Her cancer could return one day, so her condition will be monitored regularly. ‘We just live one day at a time now,’ said Cherie. ‘We make the most of every moment. She’s been through so much, and she’s been so strong. ‘It’s helped me to stay strong too. Now, I just want to see her happy.’ Following her treatment, Brodie was referred to the charity Make-A-Wish UK. When asked to request anything she wanted, she simply asked for ‘toys’. Cherie said: ‘She’s a girly girl, loves princesses and ponies. She loves playdough too and would create all sorts of shapes during her treatment. ‘I just wanted her to go wild in a toy store and to feel special – she really deserves it.’ Jason Suckley, chief executive at Make-A-Wish UK, said: ‘When a child like Brodie is diagnosed with a critical condition, the joy of childhood is brought to an abrupt end with treatment plans, appointments and worry taking over. ‘The power of a wish – in this case, being able to go wild in a toy store – revives a childhood stolen by critical illness, by giving Brodie the chance to feel every bit as special as she truly is.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.