Robert Pattinson is set to reprise his role as the Caped Crusader in a sequel to the recently released hit movie The Batman. Warner Bros revealed the news on Tuesday at the CinemaCon event in Las Vegas, Nevada, as announced by Warner Bros. Motion Picture Group boss Toby Emmerich. Writer and director Matt Reeves, who attended the event, will also be back to helm the movie. No further details about the plot or release date were revealed. Taking to the stage briefly, Reeves told the room: ‘Thank you all for your tremendous support for The Batman. We couldn’t have gotten here without the faith and enthusiasm of all your teams around the world. ‘I’m excited to jump back into this world for the next chapter,’ he added, as per Deadline. Reeves’ dark revamp of the DC superhero franchise was released in March of this year. The film saw Bruce Wayne, played by Pattinson, on a journey for vengeance in the underworld, where he teamed up with Selina Kyle, aka Catwoman, played by Zoë Kravitz. The film also stars Paul Dano as enigmatic villain The Riddler, John Turturro as gangster Carmine Falcone, Jeffrey Wright as Jim Gordon, Andy Serkis as Alfred and an almost unrecognisable Colin Farrell as Penguin. The news comes after Reeves revealed a chilling deleted scene featuring the Joker talking with Batman, following the character’s cameo – although credited officially only as ‘Unseen Arkham Prisoner’ – in the final moments of the movie. Eternals star Barry Keoghan followed in the footsteps of stars including Jack Nicholson, the late Heath Ledger, Jared Leto and Joaquin Phoenix with his appearance as the iconic villain, which suggests we could be seeing more of him (although nothing is confirmed) in the follow-up film. Farrell has also been confirmed to be returning as Oswald Cobblepot, aka The Penguin, for a spin-off HBO limited series following the character’s rise through the underworld ranks of Gotham. Warner Bros also treated fans to new glimpses of other upcoming films at CinemaCon, including Baz Luhrmann’s Elvis, The Flash, and Wonka, starring Timothée Chalamet. Metro.co.uk has contacted Pattinson’s rep for further comment. There is no release date currently set for The Batman 2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paul Dano on similarities between Batman and the Riddler in new movie: ‘They’re both born of trauma’ MORE : ‘Let’s all calm down’: Zoë Kravitz clears up comments about being ‘too urban’ for The Dark Knight Rises role 