Dolly Parton has seemingly backtracked on turning down a spot in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, explaining that she thought the honour was just for ‘people in rock music’. Last month, the Jolene singer took her fans by surprise when she rejected the chance to receive the prestigious recognition after receiving a nomination. At the time, the 76-year-old explained that she didn’t feel that she’d ‘earned’ the place, writing in a statement: ‘I really do not want votes to be split because of me, so I must respectfully bow out.’ However, after learning that it isn’t just rock musicians who can be inducted into the Hall of Fame – with previous inductees including Madonna, Janet Jackson and Jay-Z – she admitted that she had changed her tune. While speaking to NPR, she was asked what she would do if she were still to be inducted, despite her prior refusal. ‘Well, I’ll accept gracefully. I would just say thanks and I’ll accept it because the fans vote,’ she said. ‘But when I said that, it was always my belief that the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame was for the people in rock music, and I have found out lately that it’s not necessarily that. But if they can’t go there to be recognized, where do they go?’ Dolly added that when she found out about her nomination, she felt as though she ‘would be taking away from someone that maybe deserved it, certainly more than me, because I never considered myself a rock artist.’ She added: ‘But obviously, there’s more to it than that.’ So I just felt like I would be taking away from someone that maybe deserved it, certainly more than me, because I never considered myself a rock artist. But obviously, there’s more to it than that. When she initially declined the nomination, Dolly expressed her hope that the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame would consider again in future if she was ‘ever worthy’. Fans rushed to share their support for the acclaimed musician, dubbing her an ‘icon’ and commending her on how ‘humble’ she is. ‘This has, however, inspired me to put out a hopefully great rock ‘n’ roll album at some point in the future, which I have always wanted to do,’ she said at the time, explaining that her husband Carl Dean, who she’s been married to since 1966, has always encouraged her to venture into the rock ‘n’ roll genre,’ she wrote. ‘My husband is a total rock ‘n’ roll freak, and has always encouraged me to do one. ‘I wish all the nominees good luck and thank you again for the compliment. Rock on!’ In March, the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame confirmed that Dolly would remain on the ballot, with a statement reading: ‘We are in awe of Dolly’s brilliant talent and pioneering spirit and are proud to have nominated her for induction into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dolly Parton may work 9 to 5 but she gets up at 3am every morning: ‘I don’t require as much sleep as a lot of other people do’ MORE : Dolly Parton will remain on Rock & Roll Hall of Fame ballot even after she publicly turned down nomination 