Russian state TV has said the possibility of nuclear war is more likely than Vladimir Putin losing the conflict he started in Ukraine. Margarita Simonyan, editor of broadcaster RT and one of the most highly paid Kremlin mouthpieces, made the chilling prediction last night. Speaking with a panel of nervous looking experts on TV, she said: ‘Either we lose in Ukraine, or the Third World War starts. ‘I think World War Three is more realistic, knowing us, knowing our leader. The most incredible outcome, that all this will end with a nuclear strike, seems more probable to me than the other course of events. ‘This is to my horror on one hand. But on the other hand, it is what it is. We will go to heaven, while they will simply croak. We’re all going to die someday.’ It follows other threats of nuclear war from fellow propagandist Vladimir Solovyov, foreign minister Sergei Lavrov, and Putin himself over the past few days. The US and UK have dismissed such rhetoric as sabre rattling, but the increasing frequency offers a bleak outlook of how the world is being shaped by Ukraine’s invasion. Britain’s Foreign Secretary Liz Truss believes the conflict would drag on for 10 years – branding Putin a ‘desperate rogue operator’. It comes after Russia announced plans to deploy its ultra advanced RS-28 Sarmat intercontinental missile – nicknamed ‘Satan II’ in the West. The weapon is capable of carrying 10 to 15 nuclear warheads, can fly more than 11,000 miles and can target multiple locations at once. It is said to be 3,000 times as powerful as the bomb that wiped out Hiroshima and was successfully tested by Russia last week. Pro-Kremlin TV anchor Vladimir Solovyov threatened that the weapon would be capable of wiping out the UK. Claiming the country had been ‘totally boorish’ in its support of Ukraine, he said: ‘As it turned out, one Sarmat means minus one Great Britain.’ This week Putin said his response to anyone who ‘threatens’ Russia will be ‘lightning-fast’ and deadly. He told politicians in St Petersburg: ‘If someone intends to interfere in what is going on from the outside, they must know that constitutes an unacceptable strategic threat to Russia. ‘We have all the weapons we need for this. No one else can brag about these weapons, and we won’t brag about them. But we will use them.’ Although Putin did not mention nuclear weapons directly, it is likely he was referring to the Sarmat missile. It came after video emerged showing Putin’s hand shaking uncontrollably, sparking fresh speculation about his ailing health. The sight of the Russian leader’s trembling drew comparisons to Adolph Hitler’s failing health as he faced defeat during World War II. In a statement blasted as the ‘height of irresponsibility’ by the US, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov warned of a ‘serious’ risk of nuclear war. In a state TV broadcast on Monday, he said: ‘The danger is serious, real. It can’t be underestimated. He said Washington and Moscow had an understanding of conduct during the Cold War, but that ‘now there are few rules left’. Responding to his remarks, Ukrainian Minister of Foreign Affairs Dmytro Kuleba said nuclear threats are Russia’s ‘last hope to scare the world off supporting Ukraine’. He added: ‘This only means Moscow senses defeat in Ukraine. Therefore, the world must double down on supporting Ukraine so that we prevail and safeguard European and global security. ‘It’s obviously unhelpful, not constructive, and certainly is not indicative of what a responsible [world power] ought to be doing in the public sphere. ‘A nuclear war cannot be won and it shouldn’t be fought. There’s no reason for the current conflict in Ukraine to get to that level at all.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.