Police in Portugal have one month to charge anyone over the disappearance of Madeleine McCann due to a law that prevents prosecutions after 15 years. The little girl, then three, went missing from a holiday apartment in Praia de Luz on the evening of May 3, 2007 – 14 years and 11 months ago. Charges must be brought within the next month or the chances of getting a conviction will be ‘greatly reduced’ after May 3 this year, legal experts have warned. ‘If Madeleine is dead and was murdered the cut-off point for prosecution would be the 15th anniversary of her disappearance,’ Spencer Dohner of MDM Legal told The Sun. ‘If she were found alive and had been the victim of sex crimes as a minor, legal proceedings could take place until she was 23.’ If she were still alive, Madeleine would be 18. German national Christian Brueckner, 45, was named the prime suspect in her disappearance in June 2020 but denies any involvement in the case. He is currently serving a seven-year jail sentence in Germany for raping a 72-year-old woman in 2005, in the same resort where Madeleine was last seen. He often worked in holiday apartments in the area during the year of her disappearance. Brueckner would have to be declared an ‘official suspect’ by May 3. A Lisbon-based lawyer added police and prosecutors in Portugal were ‘acutely aware’ of the time limits hanging over the case. German police in October said its investigators were ‘confident’ they have enough evidence – albeit ‘circumstantial’ – to charge him. Prosecutor Hans Christian Wolters had said: ‘It is circumstantial evidence – we have no scientific evidence. ‘When we still have questions, it would be nonsense to charge rather than wait for the answers that could strengthen our position.’ German authorities were reportedly so sure of Brueckner’s guilt they sent an undercover officer into prison to befriend him and get him to confess to kidnapping and killing Madeleine. Scotland Yard is reportedly winding up its own investigation into her disappearance due to lack of leads. Operation Grange was launched four years after the Madeleine vanished and was estimated to have cost £12.5 million, most recently receiving £350,000 in July to pursue new lines of enquiry. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.