A Dorset dance teacher who bombarded a 13-year-old boy with sexual messages has avoided a prison sentence. Jennifer Hesse told a Bournemouth Crown Court judge she had ‘trouble understanding boundaries’ and was put on the sex offenders register. The married mother-of-two urged the teen to be ‘touchy all the time’ after he came to her private classes in Bournemouth. And in a series of WhatsApp messages she repeatedly told the unnamed youngster that she loved him and ‘could not breathe’ when he was around. When the victim told Hesse he had a girlfriend and wanted the ‘relationship’ to stop, she wrote: ‘You are 13 and do not have the capacity for that yet.. I want you to be able to love me exactly the way I need.’ Prosecutor Nicola Talbot-Hadley said: ‘The victim gave evidence in which he rejected that he had a crush on Mrs Hesse and the jury also rejected this version of events. ‘The jury were given a great deal of messages between them. It was extremely intense and emotionally pressurising.’ ‘The messages were sexualised and there was reference to “touch and tease”. She repeatedly told him she loved him.’ Mrs Talbot-Hadley continued: ‘It became his “new normal” that he had to deal with such intense and pressurised messages. They left him stressed out and embarrassed. ‘It is clear that he did not want to go to the dance school through fear of meeting Mrs Hesse.’ Hesse warned the boy to delete the messages so that his parents would not discover them. But the boy’s mother discovered them and contacted police. Addressing her victim’s family in court, she admitted overstepping boundaries ‘again and again’. She said: ‘This feels unforgivable and breaks my heart. I would like to step back in time and change what I have done. ‘All I can do now is work on my mental health and make sure I never make the same mistake again.’ Audrey Archer, defending, said that Hesse was suffering from ‘unacknowledged depression and childhood trauma’ and suffered from an unhappy marriage during the period of the offending. Judge Richard Onslow told her: ‘You bombarded him (the victim) with messages and would not listen when he said, “please stop”. He found it very difficult to deal with.’ Hesse was found guilty of sexual communication with a child to gain sexual gratification She was given a 12-month jail term, suspended for 18 months. Hesse must also complete 100 hours of unpaid work and has been placed on the sex offenders register for ten years. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Killer dubbed ‘Terminator’ guilty of murdering dad-of-three stabbed 27 times