Boris Johnson will face a formal investigation over whether he misled parliament about partygate. Opposition parties used Commons procedure to push for a probe after the prime minister refused to quit over his lockdown fine. Mr Johnson has come under intense pressure to explain his insistence in parliament that all rules were followed in Downing Street. He said this week he did not intentionally mislead the Commons, an offence usually considered a resignation issue, despite the Met confirming he attended a law-breaking party in June 2020. Now the matter has been referred to a parliamentary standards watchdog after a Labour motion passed without a vote in the absence of any objections. Number 10 backed down on efforts to kick the issue into the long grass with its own wrecking motion after failed attempts to rally Tory MPs last night. Yet more bad news for the PM comes on the same day an influential senior Tory MP publicly turned on him. Steve Baker – who was pivotal in unseating Theresa May – warned Mr Johnson that ‘the gig is up’ despite backing him on Tuesday. In a shock speech, he said the contrition shown when the PM apologised to the Commons earlier this week ‘only lasted as long as it took to get out of the headmaster’s study’. He added: ‘That’s not good enough for me, and that’s not good enough for my voters.’ Another Tory MP, Mark Harper, called on the PM to resign on Tuesday and defence select committee chair called told his colleagues: ‘It’s time to stop drinking the Kool-Aid.’ It’s unclear how many MPs have submitted letters of no confidence in Mr Johnson leadership but the failure to block the probe will increase speculation that the PM has lost significant support among his own party. The new investigation will only begin after the Met has completed its own inquiry into alleged coronavirus law breaches at the heart of government. Scotland Yard announced today any further fixed penalty notices for the prime minister or others in Downing Street will not be issued until after the local elections. Mr Johnson is also yet to endure the full publication of the long-awaited Sue Gray report, which he has previously committed to releasing in full once the Met process is concluded. The news that he will undergo another investigation over his conduct during lockdown comes after he told reporters joining him on his trip to India that he was committed to fighting the next general election as Tory leader. Speaking before the result was confirmed, Cabinet Office minister Michael Ellis told the Commons the PM ‘has always been clear that he is happy to face whatever inquiries Parliament sees fit’. Labour deputy leader Angela Rayner said MPs were having to resort to establishing a parliamentary investigation ‘because the prime minister has failed to do the decent thing and resign’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.