Every year, the Sunday Times shines a light on some of the best places to reside in the UK. And the rankings for this year have just dropped – and they are guaranteed to offer you plenty of destination inspiration if you’re thinking of a move in the near future. To form the list, experts take into account a number of factors – including value for money, local amenities and general feel of a place. They then rank the best areas to live in 11 different regions, with a winner in each, as well as an overall list. This year, Ilkley in West Yorkshire tops the list as the best spot to live in the UK – as experts praised its great schools, interesting shops, scenery and well-connected rail links. Following close behind in second place is Norwich, with judges noting the area’s welcoming atmosphere and medieval architecture. London’s Crystal Palace places third on the list for value and greenery. Likewise, The Isle of Bute was named as the best place to live in Scotland while Llandeilo, Carmarthenshire, won for Wales. The editors also stressed that York and Cambridge were left off the list for 2022 – despite both being previous winners – due to the expensive cost of living in both cities. In addition to this, Cornwall was also left out because of problems caused by second-home ownership in the county. Helen Davies, the Times and Sunday Times property editor, said: ‘The Sunday Times Best Places to Live list is necessarily subjective. ‘Leave it just to statistics and you will never capture the spirit of a place. For that, you need to visit to take into account that “you have to be here” feeling. ‘Is the pub dog-friendly, for example? Can you live car-free? What are the schools and houses like? Is it multicultural and multigenerational, and can it offer a good way of life to lots of different sorts of people? ‘We hope there is something to suit everyone.’ A full list of the winners can be found here. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Couple spend £5,000 transforming new build home – adding £25,000 to property value MORE : Couple transform dated 1900s home – adding £450,000 to property value MORE : These are the best up-and-coming affordable areas of London