Kris Jenner has opened up about her miscarriage in 1994, in a candid chat with daughter Kourtney Kardashian. The momager spoke of her past heartache in the latest episode of the Kardashians, which was released on Hulu today, explaining the impact the ordeal had on her body. Kourtney discussed her own fertility issues, revealing that the IVF procedures had ‘put her into menopause and given her depression’. ‘The medication they’re giving me, they put me into menopause. … Literally into menopause,’ she told her mom of wanting to have a child with Travis Barker. ‘The medication basically put me into depression. ‘I have everything in the world to be happy about, I just feel a little bit off and not like myself, super moody and hormonal… I’m a lunatic half the time. ‘I think we want it so badly because we want to make something together.’ Relating to her issues, Kris shared: ‘I’ll tell you that I got pregnant in 1994 and had a miscarriage. ‘My body entirely shut down. It stopped making anything. I was moody and depressed, I was bloated, I didn’t feel well. ‘Everything you just described, the exact same thing happened.’ ‘You want to bring your own baby and your own love into the world in the way…,’ she continued of her daughter’s plans to start a family with Travis. ‘You both know how it feels to have a child and how to bring a child into the world. And now you want to do it with the love of your life.’ Kris was married to Caitlyn Jenner at the time, with the pair going on to welcome daughters Kendall and Kylie together. She also has daughters Kim, Kourtney and Khloe, and son Rob, with late ex-husband Robert Kardashian. The matriarch previously spoke to People Magazine about her miscarriage, and revealed that close pal Nicole Brown Simpson was on hand to help her. ‘Before I got pregnant with Kendall, I had a miscarriage at three months,’ she told the publication, adding that her late friend encouraged her to keep trying for another child. ‘Nicole really got me through that. ‘She told me, “I promise you’ll get pregnant [again].”’ The Kardashians is available to stream on Hulu and Disney +. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE legend Victoria reveals depression battles and how she used wrestling as outlet for aggression MORE : Piers Morgan accuses Nigel Farage of sabotaging Donald Trump interview after furious former US President storms off TalkTV show 