Ukraine’s prosecutor has announced 1,222 bodies have now been found in mass graves in the Kyiv region as Ukraine braces for a huge new offensive. Heavy bombardments hammered the country throughout the weekend, after hundreds of civilians were discovered dead with their hands bound and signs of torture last week. The UN said on Sunday 4,232 civilian casualties had been recorded to date as areas including Kharkiv, Izyum and Mariupol face relentless shelling. Of these, 1,793 civilians have been killed and 2,439 injured, although it’s believed the real figures are ‘considerably higher’. President Volodymyr Zelensky has cautioned the coming days are crucial as Kremlin forces turn their attention to the east and Vladimir Putin appoints a new war commander ‘with a record of brutality’. A showdown in eastern Ukraine could become a decisive moment in the invasion, although questions linger over the power of the Russian army. Personnel discharged from service since 2012 have been called in to make up for mounting casualties, The Ministry of Defence said on Sunday. A warning was issued today saying Putin could turn to phosphorous bombs in his ‘desperation’ to seize Mariupol, a key southern port under attack and surrounded for six weeks. White phosphorus ignites fast-burning fires that can grievously burn through human flesh, making it particularly hazardous for those in war zones. In its latest intelligence update, the MoD in London said: ‘Russian forces prior use of phosphorous munitions in the Donetsk Oblast raises the possibility of their future employment in Mariupol as fighting for the city intensifies.’ It added: ‘Russian shelling has continued in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, with Ukrainian forces repulsing several assaults resulting in the destruction of Russian tanks, vehicles, and artillery equipment. ‘Russia’s continued reliance on unguided bombs decreases their ability to discriminate when targeting and conducting strikes while greatly increasing the risk of further civilian casualties.’ Meanwhile, US officials warn the Kremlin has turned to General Alexander Dvornikov, 60, one of Russia’s most experienced military officers. The senior official who identified the new commander was not authorised to be identified and spoke on condition of anonymity. But White House national security adviser, Jake Sullivan said the general had a record of brutality against civilians in Syria and cautioned ‘we can expect more of the same in this theatre’. However, he told CNN’s State of the Union show: ‘No appointment of any general can erase the fact that Russia has already faced a strategic failure in Ukraine… this general will just be another author of crimes and brutality against Ukrainian civilians.’ Russia has denied targeting civilians, dismissing atrocities in Bucha as a ‘well-staged insinuation, nothing else’. In his nightly address to the nation, President Zelensky said ‘the day will come when they will have to admit everything and accept the truth’. ‘When people lack the courage to admit their mistakes, apologise, adapt to reality and learn, they turn into monsters’, he said. ‘And when the world ignores it, the monsters decide that it is the world that has to adapt to them. Ukraine will stop all this.’ The Ukrainian leader was handed a questionnaire over the weekend that will decide whether the country can be recommended as a candidate to join the European Union. Ursula von der Leyen has said Ukrainians ‘belong to our European family, without any question’, adding that the application may take just weeks to consider, rather than the usual years. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.