The sister of a Ukrainian footballer killed along with their parents has revealed his final text messages before their bodies were found. Alexander Sukhenko was seized by Russian troops who descended on their home in the village of Motyzhyn, 31 miles to the west of Kyiv. The 25-year-old had joined his mother, Olga, the village head, and father, Igor, in supporting residents during the occupation. His sister, Elena, paid tribute to the ‘treasure of the nation’, who had tried to allay her fears when the soldiers went to their parents’ home on March 23. He had enrolled in the territorial defence and remained in Motyzhyn to help people living with bombardment, gunfire and shortages of essential supplies. The Liverpool fan, known as Sasha, transported aid to remote areas and collected orders for medicine which he passed to other volunteers. The last texts he sent to his sister read, ‘they took mum’, before a final message assuring her: ‘Lena, we are fine, the phone will be turned off.’ The family had rallied behind humanitarian work from the outset of the invasion, remaining with their fellow residents as Russian forces attempted to advance on Kyiv from the north and west. On February 27, the occupying troops took control of the village and are first said to have taken Alexander’s car before returning for his parents. Elena pleaded with her brother to leave but he remained at their home, telling her he was waiting for the couple to return. The trio’s bodies were found dumped in a shallow pit just outside the village on Saturday, two weeks after they went missing, as Russian troops withdrew from the northern approaches to the capital. They are said by Ukrainian officials and media channels to have been tortured and murdered by Moscow’s forces. ‘My parents and brother laid down their lives for our village, for our country,’ Elena said. ‘They did not give up, did not break, did not let down the honour and name of our family. ‘They are heroes. I’m so proud of them, I love them so much. ‘At the same time, I have such pain. I will never forgive anyone for this loss. ‘Sasha is the treasure of the nation. ‘This is a worthy son, this is my soul, this is my best brother, this is a friend, an adviser, a man of his word and a real hero in this war.’ At her brother’s insistence, Elena, her husband and their child made the heartbreaking decision to leave the village for an undisclosed location, but they remained in daily contact. ‘Little by little, people managed to leave, but some were shelled and it was a lottery,’ Elena said. ‘Sasha coordinated the departure of people, formed humanitarian columns and gave out information on which hour was better to go. He was helped by some friends to gather information on the safest routes. ‘He and his mother and dad continued to help people leave every day. ‘They also distributed products to local residents, providing support and solving urgent problems within their capabilities.’ As Russian troops, including paratroopers and special forces, attempted to advance on the capital, the security situation in the village became increasingly perilous. But the family still managed to deliver aid and medicine, including to elderly neighbours on the street where they lived. ‘From the very beginning, he helped the village with his parents,’ Elena said. ‘They organized the processes so that the village functioned, because it was already difficult with the delivery of products and essential goods. ‘Then the orcs [Russian soldiers] came into the village. On the first day there were victims – innocent people. ‘There were constant explosions under which they woke up and fell asleep. The light was gone and it was scary to go outside during the day. ‘Gunshots were heard everywhere. But it didn’t scare him for a second. ‘He just said that my husband and I should have a Plan B, and that it would be better if we leave the village. I didn’t want to leave my family, it was very difficult to leave.’ Russian troops then went to the family home, where they initially took Alexander’s car before leaving. He had tried to speak to the occupiers, despite Elena warning him of the danger. ‘He said that if you speak to them confidently and adequately, then everything will be the norm,’ she said. ‘I told them it was dangerous for them to stay home. But my parents and brother may have thought that they were no longer in much danger. ‘How wrong they were.’ The soldiers, who are reported to have searched the house and also taken a phone, then returned a few hours later and took the parents. ‘First of all, they took our mother as the head of the village and as usual my dad went with her,’ Elena said. ‘Sasha called me the last time and said that they had promised to bring them back alive and he would wait for them. ‘I asked if he should be somewhere else, I was very worried about him.’ At 15.36 she received the final text from her brother saying, ‘we are fine’ but that his phone would be switched off. In the following days, villagers turned to social media as they made a desperate appeal for information about the trio’s whereabouts. ‘I fought to the last to save them, I knocked on all the doors, I screamed and asked for help,’ Elena said. ‘But what happened to my family you can see for yourself. These damned Russian bastards took everything from me, my sense, my happy life.’ Alexander played for the regional football club FC Kudrivka, which shared Elena’s account of her family’s final hours. Oleksandr Bruy, of the club’s press service, told Metro.co.uk: ‘Alexander and his parents are heroes. They helped many people and saved many residents of the village of Motyzhyn at the cost of their own lives.’ The club shared images of the forward and his parents under the dedication, ‘eternal memory and the kingdom of heaven’. The deaths of the family are among mounting evidence of war crimes perpetrated by Russian troops, which includes mass graves and bodies strewn by the roadside in towns and cities outside Kyiv. Bucha, 15 miles to the north of the capital, has become synonymous with the atrocities, described as the worst since the Second World War. The family is said to have refused to have co-operated with the Kremlin’s forces, with Mrs Sukhenko posting a final defiant Facebook message on the day of occupation, warning of ‘scum’ in the village. Anton Herashchenko, a Ukrainian interior ministry adviser, told Reuters: ‘The occupiers suspected they were collaborating with our military, giving us locations of where to target their artillery. ‘These scum tortured, slaughtered and killed the whole family. ‘They will be held responsible for this.’ The bodies, said by AP journalists to have been bound and blindfolded, were found as Ukrainian personnel cleared the area on Saturday. The victims are believed to have been shot at close range. A fourth body close by in the sandy pit has not been identified but is believed to be that of a volunteer serviceman. Moscow has denied committing war crimes and has said reports of civilians being killed are fabrications aimed at smearing Russia. A ‘final farewell’ for the family is due to take place in the village today, with residents planning to gather near the home. In a post on Instagram, Elena said: ‘I want to sincerely thank everyone for your support, help, compassion and every kind word. ‘The pain is unbearable, but thank you for everything. ‘Heroes do not die.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.