Ukrainian forces are discovering new atrocities as they enter territory abandoned by Russia – and many more may still be waiting to be found. Kremlin troops have finally completely left the north of the country after abandoning efforts to take Kyiv, a fortnight after announcing the decision. Vladimir Putin’s attempts to swiftly subdue the country and install a puppet government in the capital have failed and the war is entering a new phase. With Russia now targeting the east, where its forces already hold significant territory, Ukrainian soldiers are moving into towns and cities destroyed during six weeks of fighting. Stories and images from Bucha, a liberated suburb of the capital, have shocked the world and led to a raft of new sanctions. But there are fears worse could be to come in places which have only recently be retaken and remain relatively unexplored. President Volodymyr Zelensky warned on the Thursday that the situation in the town of Borodyanka was ‘significantly more dreadful’ than in nearby Bucha. Speaking in a video posted on social media, he said: ‘The work to clear the rubble in Borodyanka has begun … It’s significantly more dreadful there. Even more victims from the Russian occupiers.’ Local officials have said more than 300 people were killed by Russian forces in Bucha, 35 kilometres northwest of the capital Kyiv, and around 50 of them were executed. It’s around 70 miles north to the border with Belarus as the crow flies, with several towns scattered in between. In Vorzel, just to the West of Bucha, there are reports a woman and teenager were shot as they emerged from a basement after being smoked out by a grenade. To the north east of Kyiv, Kremlin forces have abandoned efforts to blast their way through Chernihiv, a smaller city which would have opened a new route towards the capital but never fell. In Staryi Bykiv, a village close to the city, Human Rights Watch says it has seen evidence six men were rounded up and executed. The picture is similar around Sumy in the north east of the country, where, as of Monday, Ukrainian fighters were dislodging the last remaining Russian units which had not retreated with the bulk of forces. Much like Bucha and Borodyanka, small towns and cities in the east are trapped between Russian forces and their intended targets. There are fears for Izyum, a small city of 45,000 people close to the border with Donetsk. Russian forces are pressing south through the city towards to pre-2014 regional border in an attempt to annex the territory, along with Luhansk, in its entirety. It has been the scene of heavy fighting in recent days and, with the majority of the city under Russian control, the regional mayor said it was impossible to evacuate civilians. Verifiable information from Izyum is thin on the ground but officials told the Washington Post that Kremlin troops and separatists have used ‘scorched earth’ tactics. Residents have reported hunger, looting, forced deportation and the disappearance of activists, community leaders and security officials. Like many towns on the axis of Russian advances, the full scale of the horror will only become clear if and when Ukraine manages to repel the invaders. MORE : Russia’s ‘campaign of slaughter’ in Borodyanka leaves apartment blocks razed and looted According to the Institute for the Study of War, Ukrainian troops may have made some limited gains around Kharkiv, Izyum and In his video message, president Zelensky also warned that what is already known about Mariupol may only be the tip of the iceberg. Russian forces have this week gained more control over the city but fighting continues in a city where Ukrainian officials say 5,000 have already been killed and 90% of buildings have been damaged. He said: ‘And what will happen when the world learns the whole truth about what the Russian military did in Mariupol? ‘There, on almost every street, is what the world saw in Bucha and other towns in the Kyiv region after the withdrawal of Russian troops.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.