A refugee from Mariupol has described having to drink water from a boiler to survive as the Russian bombardment obliterated the city and left bodies in the streets. Dmytro Chykanenko, 21, fled the devastated port at the start of a two-week, 4,000km journey to Poland via Crimea and Georgia. The student told how he, his parents and eight-year-old brother were among 40 people who sheltered for two weeks in a basement in the devastated southern city. He was detained in a filtration camp as they fled south through Crimea – one of the few escape routes available – where he was forced to strip naked, interrogated and accused of being a Nazi. Dmytro then flew from Tbilisi to Warsaw, leaving his parents and brother in Georgia, which they consider safe and where his sibling is going to school. He suffers nightmares from the scenes he witnessed in Mariupol and as the family fled through Russian-controlled territory. Dmytro had been visiting his parents, both 48, on a holiday from his studies at the University of Social Sciences in the Polish capital when they were forced to take cover during the heavy bombardment. ‘Mariupol was hell,’ he said. ‘The Russian army destroyed everything, we lived without water, electricity and gas. ‘The infrastructure was destroyed and during the shelling many people died. I lived in a bunker underground with my parents and brother and we ate canned food. The shelter was dark, wet and terrible. ‘During the bombing everyone was terrified.’ The family spent the best part of two weeks in the shelter under his parents’ apartment block, taking water from a boiler in their home during breaks in the intense bombardment, which has reduced most of the city to ruins. His work as a reporter for a local newspaper in Mariupol has been put on hold as it ceased publication due to the Russian invasion, which began on February 24. Around 120,000 civilians remain in the city, according to Ukrainian officials. ‘I read books, played chess with my brother and waited for a calm minute to boil some water for tea because it was very cold,’ Dmytro said. ‘We got the water from the boiler upstairs. There was no drinking water in Mariupol and that was our last water. ‘My worst fear was that the bombing would never stop and life would never return to normal.’ Dmytro and his family passed wrecked tanks as they left by road on March 15 to the relative calm of a village around 20km away, which has been occupied by Russian troops. After 12 nights staying with a friend originally from Mariupol, and with routes across Ukraine too dangerous to pass, his father then drove them 400 miles south to Crimea, which was annexed by Russia in 2014. Dmytro and his father were taken to the filtration camp as they tried to pass a checkpoint at the Chonhar Crossing on the peninsula’s northern border. They were separately interrogated by security officers before being released, after which they headed south and spent three nights in a rented flat in the port town of Feodosia on the Black Sea coast. ‘The filtration camp looked like a small prison with a tall fence and armed men at the door,’ Dmytro said. ‘They made me strip naked because they wanted to find tattoos which they said are worn by Ukrainian soldiers. ‘They also searched my phone and took my fingerprints. ‘You sit on benches and when your surname is called out by a soldier you are taken into an interrogation. ‘The officer was very aggressive, he said if I lied to him they would beat me. He said I was a Nazi and the Ukrainian country shouldn’t exist. ‘My father left first and I was allowed to go after four hours, they said I was lucky. After that we decided to go to Georgia as fast as we could. ‘We felt like Jews trying to escape Germany in the Second World War. ‘Even when I think about the interrogation it makes me panic because it was so stressful. I cannot forget the things I have seen, I see them even in my dreams. There were bodies lying in the streets. ‘The Russian military’s crimes amount to the genocide of Ukraine.’ The family then made its way past numerous checkpoints, heading south-east to Georgia’s capital Tbilisi, from where Dmytro flew back to his student accommodation in Warsaw. He spoke as Human Rights Watch (HRW) called on Russia to allow civilians remaining in the city to be able to leave to Ukrainian-controlled territory through humanitarian corridors. Researchers spoke to 56 people who escaped between mid-March and mid-April, with those managing to leave more recently said to have been forced to go to Russian-controlled territory or into the country itself unless they could afford private transport through dangerous routes. Civilians described similar experiences of being taken to filtration camps where they were photographed and had their fingerprints taken. Many told of being taken in buses organised through the evacuations to Russian-backed areas, including in Donetsk, before being moved to camps across the eastern border. While some were able to organise their own transport back into Ukraine, others are said to have been forcibly held inside Russia. HRW called on UN Secretary-General António Guterres, who is in Moscow today, to prioritise the humanitarian crisis in Mariupol and stress that Russian officials can be held accountable for violations of international law. Ukrainian officials say the death toll in the city since the start of the invasion is 20,000 civilians, although this has not been independently verified. The city’s defenders are making a last stand at the Azovstal steel plant after Russian and Chechen troops seized the remaining ground. Around 1,000 civilians and a few thousand soldiers, including 500 wounded, remain inside the besieged factory, according to the Ukrainian authorities. Ida Sawyer, crisis and conflict director at HRW, said: ‘After surviving two months of terror, hiding in basements as their city was turned to char and rubble, civilians still in Mariupol urgently need assistance and safe evacuation routes.’ Mr Guterres told a press conference in Moscow that his objective was to ‘save lives and to reduce suffering’ and Russia’s invasion was a ‘violation’ of Ukraine’s territory carried out against the UN’s charter. Mr Guterres proposed a group consisting of Russia, Ukraine, the Red Cross and the UN to open safe humanitarian corridors for people trying to leave Mariupol, including the steel plant. He appeared alongside Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov ahead of a meeting with Vladimir Putin. At the outset of the invasion, the Russian president made false accusations of Nazism against Ukraine as he announced a ‘special military operation’ in the country. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.