Mike Tyson launched a flurry of punches at a fellow passenger on a plane after he became ‘aggressive’ and threw a water bottle at the former heavyweight champion. Footage shared by TMZ on Thursday showed ‘Iron Mike’ attacking a man sat behind him on a flight from San Francisco to Florida. The video appears to show the man antagonising the 55-year-old, standing over Tyson’s chair and gesturing wildly to the camera. Tyson is said to have had ‘enough of the guy talking in his ear and told him to chill,’ and when he refused, a witness claims it was at that moment that Tyson started ‘throwing several punches at the man’s face’. Tyson has since been pictured for the first time since the incident with his representatives insisting the former champion was provoked into his actions aboard the flight by the man’s ‘aggressive behaviour’. ‘Unfortunately, Mr. Tyson had an incident on a flight with an aggressive passenger who began harassing him and threw a water bottle at him while he was in his seat,’ Joann Mignano, a representative for Tyson, said in a statement. Police in San Francisco have also confirmed that they were called to the scene and detained two people they believed to be involved in the incident on the plane. One of those people was treated for minor injuries with a statement adding the individual refused to cooperate further. ‘That subject provided minimal details of the incident and refused to cooperate further with the police investigation,’ the police statement said, declining to identify either subject. ‘Both people were released ‘pending further investigation’. Tyson was one of the most feared fighters of his era, becoming the youngest heavyweight champion in history at the age of 20 in 1986. In 2019, he returned to the ring for an exhibition bout with fellow great Roy Jones Jr. Among his successful projects away from the ring is his thriving cannabis empire – which now produces edibles in the shape of Evander Holyfield’s ear in tribute to Tyson famously biting his former opponent in the ring. MORE : Mike Tyson ‘repeatedly punches’ fellow passenger who ‘wouldn’t stop talking to him’ on a plane MORE : Ricky Hatton: My exhibition fight against Marco Antonio Barrera will be a celebration, it has been a difficult time for us all For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 