He’s the iconic voice narrating our favourite footballing moments. And if you’re not into the beautiful game, you’ll nonetheless know Sam Matterface from his work commentating on Dancing on Ice. As Sam prepares for his work as Soccer Aid UNICEF 2022 commentator, he tells us about inside scoops from Harry Redknapp, how he got started and working with Phil and Holly. I was doing a game for TalkSPORT, Newcastle vs Aston Villa. It was dreadful. The energy in the game was so low. There was a moment when Andreas Weimann went through the middle of the Newcastle defence. He was going one-on-one with the goalkeeper and you were expecting him to spank it as hard as he possibly could. Instead there was no force behind the shot whatsoever. I don’t know if I had been going into some sort of comatose state. Anyway I decided to use an analogy, which made sense to me in my head but not to many others. It was, ‘That shot was as weak as a glass of orange squash that was made with 52 parts water and one part orange squash.’ Someone put it on the Internet, it went viral and Robbie must have seen it. When we met through Soccer Aid he goes, ‘You’re the Orange Squash Guy.’ I was like, ‘Yeah, I am.’ I’m always quite excited to see who turns up. One of the things you don’t realise is just how incredibly seriously the celebs take it. I remember speaking to singer-songwriter Tom Grennan last year and it was like a cup final for him. Footballers dream of becoming actors, rappers, pop idols but actors, rappers and pop idols dream of being footballers. So when they get their opportunity they are determined to take it. But whatever happens Stephen Mulhern can’t play again this year! That was without a doubt the start of my obsession. We were always listening to the football. One of my granddads had a big thing about the radio and my dad was a very big sports listener. He was always talking about it. So that’s what we did in the car. I loved the energy and emotion that Jonathan Pearce used to put into it on Capital Gold Sports. It pulled me in. Well, this is a sad admission but I might as well tell you. On my tenth birthday I had expressed a desire to be a journalist. My uncle, who was the cool uncle, bought me a Filofax and a Dictaphone. He was a bit of a high-flyer so this was a massive treat for me because my mum and dad never had the money to buy such things. So I used to sit in the back of the car writing match reports. I remember one particular afternoon coming back from his house writing a match report on an Arsenal game. I wasn’t even an Arsenal fan but that was the game that was on the radio. Yeah it probably did actually. That was my first step into radio. I’ve mentioned Jonathan Pearce but this was against Yugoslavia and was earlier than that. It was raining and it was horrible outside. We’d had a fight. We weren’t bad kids actually but he was annoying. He was younger than me and he loved to fight. Our mum’s punishment was for the TV to go off. We had started watching a lot of football during the World Cup in 1986. England won the game and we listened to it on the radio and it was brilliant just hearing it. After that I used to walk home from school and pretend I was on Match Of The Day, do introductions and team news and all that in my head. I did that all the time when I was a teenager. People used to find me very annoying. Two. One was Radio Kent. The other one was Radio Suffolk. I went to Radio Kent for a little while but I also started to think there has to be another way in here. I had a mate who had a mate who worked at Capital Gold Sport as a producer. That mate of my mate took my cassette and he said, ‘You sound alright. If we get anything that comes up we’ll get you in and you can do a report for us. Come and have a look around on a Saturday and just see how it works first of all.’ It was a massive show so they would have about 18 reporters up and down the country. He then rang me up the day before and said, ‘Simon Michaelson is ill and he can’t get to Barnet vs Plymouth tomorrow. Can you do it for us?’ I hadn’t got a clue what I was doing but I did it, blagged it, and got through it. It was only 15 seconds in and out each time but I was so nervous. My heart was beating out of my chest. By the end of the first season they were sending me to Premier League matches. Yeah, I started at the bottom then quickly became a floor manager, then an assistant manager and finally a restaurant manager. I was good with people and McDonald’s was brilliant at training people. It’s unbelievable the stuff you learnt there in the 1990s and early 2000 that people are only just catching up with now in terms of the way that business is organised. I then managed the programming side of a radio station down in Portsmouth and all of those skills helped me no end. We ended up winning Sony Radio Station Of The Year. I maintain that was all down to me having that experience at McDonald’s. He was brilliant to me. Obviously I used to irritate him every now and again but he once invited me into the changing-room and did a 45-minute interview because he wanted to get a message across. He gave me some great stories. When I went to Sky Sports News I broke the story that he had left Portsmouth and gone to Tottenham mainly because of that contact. I got him on really late at night to do that. It’s again about meeting people and getting on with people. A lot of the players from that time I’ve kept in touch with and some of them have gone on to do other things. Anything negative. They don’t like it. If you even dare to ask them a question about why they made a specific decision that backfired then they get annoyed about it. But they have just come off the playing surface and out of the dressing-room moments before! So anything you ask them that doesn’t particularly go their way they are in a heightened state of emotion. You might ask that same question when you are sitting around having a cup of coffee with them later and they will be absolutely fine with you. I make mistakes all the time. And the minute you think you’ve got it 100% right something will bite you in the backside. What I think is a must-do is to try to put yourself in the living-room with someone and think about how to try and help them through the game. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn’t. I watch everything back. I listen to everything back. I am very harsh on my own performance. I try to improve every single game. For example I listened back to a radio commentary game I did on Liverpool vs West Ham and I was furious that I didn’t get enough into the geography of the football. I’m usually pretty hot on that but I was in the car listening to it and going, ‘Where’s the ball?! Concentrate on the ball!’ It was out of my lane. I’d never really been involved in it in terms of figure skating although I actually grew up watching Torvill and Dean. My nan was a massive fan of Torvill and Dean but that was 30 years ago. I hadn’t seen much since. Also I didn’t know anything about the show. I didn’t know what was expected of me. So my initial reaction was, ‘I don’t think so.’ I was also doing Sundays at Talksport at the time and any Sundays off are days with my family. Anyway the show’s producers didn’t take too long to convince me. In fact they just told me I was doing it. I said to them that I would do it for a week and if it works then we’ll go from there. I haven’t spoken to them since about stopping doing it. I watch everything four or five times. I get the video on the Saturday night of what they have been doing in the week. Then I go in at 8am on the Sunday and sit and watch for three or four hours. They all go through their routines two or three times and then we have the dress rehearsal at lunchtime, 1pm/2pm, and I watch that for another hour and a half. And then it’s the live show. So I know what’s coming. I know what they are supposed to be doing. Sometimes it doesn’t always work that way. So all in all I have more knowledge now than when I first walked in the door. Of course they have an advantage in that they are used to performing but Sally Dynevor can act and she’s on camera every day so she understands what it’s like to be on live television. Kye Whyte is an elite (BMX) competitor. He’s competed in the Olympics so he had an advantage in that he knows what it takes to win competitions. Everybody has got their own little skill set. I think it makes it better that you’ve got people who can bring those performance skills to it. Then you’ve got Stef Reid (Paralympic athlete), what a fantastic inspiration she is. It was outstanding what she produced. She was a complete different level from how she started. Oh yes, I take it very seriously. There was one show where I must admit I was having a bit of a bad time. I wasn’t feeling particularly good. I was walking through the corridor and I wasn’t dressed up. It was ten minutes before the show and Christopher Dean turned round to me and went, ‘What is going on? Get upstairs and get your glad rags on! Go!’ I got changed very quickly. Soccer Aid for UNICEF 2022 takes place on Sunday June 12 at the London Stadium, live on ITV and STV. A family of four can attend the game for just £60 – buy tickets at the Soccer Aid website. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘He’s a winner’ – Arsenal legend Paul Merson reacts to Kieran Tierney injury blow MORE : Owen Hargreaves says Phil Foden is the ‘most unique footballer’ after Manchester City’s win over Atletico Madrid