Almost two thirds of people are cutting their spending to try and offset the rise in the cost of living. With inflation forcing the price of common goods up, Brits are borrowing more, taking out more loans, dipping into savings and selling more items to make ends meet. Six in people (59%) are making financial or lifestyle changes, according to a Which? survey, up from 35% just one year ago. The findings come as it emerges the chancellor is reportedly under pressure from some colleagues to slash the tax burden and ease the strain on families. In comments leaked from a cabinet meeting, policing minister Kit Matlhouse is said to have urged Rishi Sunak to slash taxes after it was revealed the Treasury’s income has hit record heights of £718 billion. Ministers are also said to be looking at plans to unilateral scrap tariffs on food imports in a bid to try and drive prices down in supermarkets, according to the Telegraph. UK households have been hit with eye-watering rises in energy bills and a National Insurance tax rise in recent weeks. Broadband, mobile, water and council tax rates are also up, while inflation stands at around 7%, the highest rate in 30 years. According to Which?, the most common measure to save money is cutting back on essentials such as groceries, school supplies and medicines. Its survey of 2,000 people conducted between April 8 and 10 found early three in 10 have dipped into their savings to cover everyday costs and 7% have sold possessions. MORE : Boris threatens to ‘privatise the arse’ out of passport office over delays One in 10 has borrowed from friends and family and 8% have taken out a new credit card or borrowed more on an existing one. Of those in the Which? survey on lower incomes of up to £21,000, one in nine (11%) reported missing a payment in the past month. Energy bills were the most commonly reported type of missed household bill and more than half (55%) of those who reported missing a bill payment said they had missed more than one. Boris Johnson has insisted his government is doing ‘everything in our power’ to help families ahead of next week’s local elections. He told TalkTV last night: ‘What we’re doing is making sure that we do everything in our power to help people with the pressures on their family budgets.’ Number 10 has hinted at a new policy about childcare but the prime minister seemed to pour cold water on that. He said: The truth is that we have a lot of tax-free childcare already provided for but not enough people take it up … we’ll look at all sorts of things to help people.’ He added: ‘I want people to realise that a lot of people have the potential to get tax-free childcare and they’re not taking it up. ‘We want to see more take-up [in] tutoring, helping kids at school. It’s a fantastic thing … when we have great projects, like tax-free childcare, like free tutoring, I want people to know about it.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.