An ‘inspirational’ teacher has died after a Land Rover hit a group of people near a pub in Wigan. Laura Hazeldine was in the crowd outside Fifteens, in Pemberton, when the vehicle crashed into them at around 9pm on Friday. Emergency services raced to the scene and Laura was taken to hospital, but she later died. Two other men, who were also stood near the pub, suffered serious injuries. Paying tribute on Facebook, Laura’s daughter Maggie thanked paramedics for trying to save her ‘amazing’ mum. She wrote: ‘On Friday night I lost my beautiful mother. I wish she was still here to hold my hand and tell me that everything is going to be okay. ‘She was the most amazing and inspirational woman to grace the planet. ‘Growing up, I wish she knew that the woman I most wanted to be was her, she was brave and never let the world dull her kindness.’ Laura’s niece, Jade, also shared a touching tribute on Facebook and urged people to ‘cherish every moment you have with your loved ones’. She wrote: ‘Can’t believe you’ve gone just like that. We had so many plans to meet up again. What an amazing woman, friend and mum you were! ‘I’m so much shock… another beautiful soul taken from up far too soon! Love you Auntie Laura.’ Flowers and handwritten tributes were left outside the pub following Laura’s death. Ernulf Academy principal Avin Bissoo also paid tribute to his ‘loved and respected’ colleague. Laura had climbed the ranks from teaching assistant to a full-time maths teacher at the school. In a letter to parents, Mr Bissoo wrote: ‘Laura was a much-loved and respected individual who made a huge impact during her time at Ernulf. She was not just our co-worker but our good friend as well. ‘She was loved and respected by our staff and students; always available to offer a kind word, a smile, or a helping hand. She will be missed immensely. ‘Laura’s death is tragic, untimely, and upsetting. I know that as a school community we will pull together and support each other during this time. ‘For those students who would like to take part, there will be an opportunity to  commemorate and remember Laura’s life in the new term. I will share details of this once it has been arranged.’ The school is also providing support for students affected by the death. Jacob Gaskell, 19, has been charged with various driving offences and was remanded in custody ahead of his next appearance at Bolton Crown Court on May 16. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.