This is the heart-breaking moment a Ukrainian woman mourns her husband at the garden of their home in Bucha. Tanya Nedashkivska had been looking for her beloved Vasyl Ivanovych – a navy officer – after he was arrested by Russian soldiers. Days later, she recognised his body by his trainers and trousers – one of two left to decompose in a building’s basement. Tanya said: ‘He looked mutilated, his body was cold. They turned him over a little. He had been shot in the head, mutilated, tortured.’ The tragic images are just some of many to emerge from the town near Kyiv, where the corpses of indiscriminately executed civilians litter the streets. After Russian troops withdrew from the area to focus their attacks on other parts of the country, more than 400 bodies – mutilated, with hands bound and point-blank gunshot wounds – have been found in Bucha. Ukrainian soldiers had to use cables to drag bodies off the street from a distance in case they were booby-trapped. President Volodymyr Zelensky last night claimed the atrocity amounted to ‘genocide’ during an interview with CBS News. ‘Indeed, this is genocide – the elimination of the whole nation, of the people,’ he said. ‘We are the citizens of Ukraine. We have more than a hundred nationalities. This is about destruction and extermination of all these nationalities.’ His spokesperson Sergey Nikiforov said officials had found what looked ‘exactly like war crimes’, including the bodies of executed civilians and mass graves. ‘In Bucha, we have already buried 280 people in mass graves,’ mayor Anatoly Fedoruk told the AFP news agency earlier on Sunday. ‘All these people were shot, killed, in the back of the head.’ Russia’s defence ministry refuted the claims and said all photographs and videos alleging ‘crimes’ by Russian troops in Bucha were a ‘provocation’. A statement even added that no resident of Bucha suffered violence at the hands of Russian troops. Western leaders, including Boris Johnson, condemned Russia’s ‘despicable attacks’ against Ukrainian civilians in Irpin and Bucha. The Prime Minister said ‘no denial or disinformation from the Kremlin’ can conceal that president Vladimir Putin is ‘desperate’ and ‘his invasion is failing’. French President Emmanuel Macron also reacted to the harrowing photos. ‘The images we see from Bucha, the town liberated near Kyiv, are horrendously unbearable,’ he said. ‘In the streets, hundreds of civilians were killed in a cowardly manner. My condolences to the victims’ families, my solidarity with Ukrainians. ‘The Russian authorities should be held accountable for these crimes.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.