There are many benefits to kids doing chores. They can help them feel important, teach vital life skills, and they are a great way to teach responsibility and build self-esteem. Children are far more capable than we often think and, according to a twenty-year study by the University of Minnesota, involving kids in household tasks from an early age can have a positive impact later in life. But what tasks should you realistically expect your child to do and at what age should you start introducing them? Here’s a handy guide to help. Making chores an everyday part of life, starting from as young as two years old, ensures that doing chores doesn’t feel like a chore. The key is to start your child off with small household tasks and slowly build them up to more complicated ones over time. Kids aged two to four years are at an age where they like the idea of helping their parents around the house. Take advantage of this and while it might be quicker for you to do the task yourself, remember that you are instilling good habits. Be mindful that you will need to supervise and don’t expect too much from them. Here’s some examples of age appropriate chores for children… Kids aged between five and 12 can take on much more responsibility. If kids have been used to ‘mucking in’ from the get-go, then they should continue without much resistance, but it is up to you whether you feel they need paying to do the chores expected. Here are some examples of what you should expect them to do in addition to the previous list: Teenagers can do the chores that they did when younger, but they should ideally be responsible for doing them on their own. They can also start taking on more difficult chores such as cleaning the bathroom and mowing the lawn. All families are different, and all children are capable of different things, so do what works best for you and your family, but don’t forget to give plenty of praise and thanks for their efforts – this will ensure that they keep on helping. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What is gentle parenting – everything you need to know MORE : Potty training tips the experts want you to know MORE : How to make the most of parents evening