A$AP Rocky was ‘blindsided’ by police when he was arrested at LAX, it has been claimed. The 33-year-old, real name Rakim Mayers, was taken into custody at the Los Angeles airport – after returning home from a getaway with pregnant girlfriend Rihanna – in connection with an alleged shooting in 2021. Rihanna, who is due to give birth soon, is thought to have been shocked as she watched the scene unfold on Wednesday. The rapper was released on a $550,000 (£421k) bail after the LAPD allegedly used a battering ram to force their way into his home. According to reports, he wasn’t given a heads up about the arrest, which was said to be a ‘week in the making’, and involved ‘at least 10’ officers waiting for him at the airport. TMZ reported that Rocky’s team didn’t understand why they weren’t informed as he wouldn’t have escaped. Law enforcement sources have claimed to the outlet that officers didn’t let his team know of the arrest as they wanted to ‘blindside’ the musician, to see if they could find the gun used in the shooting last November. According to the publication, they wanted to locate the weapon and worried that if they offered a heads up, he might get rid of it – so coordinated the arrest and a search of his property at the same time. The star had been under investigation by the LAPD but this had not been public knowledge until now, with a spokesperson confirming details of the alleged shooting and his arrest. The incident is said to have taken place on November 6 in the Hollywood area at around 10:15pm. It has been claimed Rocky and the alleged victim were ‘acquaintances’. In a press release, the department said: ‘The argument escalated and resulted in the suspect firing a handgun at the victim. ‘The victim sustained a minor injury from the incident and later sought his medical treatment. Following the shooting, the suspect and two additional males fled the area on foot. ‘Detectives worked diligently to investigate and corroborate the reporting information which helped identify the suspect(s) involved. ‘The suspect has been identified as 33-year-old Rakim Mayers, a Los Angeles resident, also known as music artist A$AP Rocky.’ They added: ‘Early this morning, LAPD officers arrested Mayers for assault with a deadly weapon (firearm) at the Los Angeles International Airport. This case will be presented to the Los Angeles County District Attorney’s Office for filing consideration.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted A$AP Rocky’s reps for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Investor pulls $1.1 billion out of Netflix after losing $400 million on share plunge MORE : Stranger Things season 4: Netflix subtly confirm major character return and we’re here for it 