Carlo Ancelotti remained coy over Real Madrid’s push to sign Antonio Rudiger after his side’s 4-3 defeat to Manchester City in the first leg of their Champions League semi final. Pep Guardiola’s side edged out Madrid in a thrilling encounter at the Etihad Stadium, with goals from Kevin De Bruyne, Gabriel Jesus, Phil Foden and Bernardo Silva securing the win for the Premier League champions. Madrid, however, head into the second leg still in the tie after Karim Benzema scored either side of a brilliant solo effort from Vinicius Junior. Madrid, meanwhile, are in the driving seat to sign Rudiger from Chelsea at the end of the season, with the Germany international ready to leave Stamford Bridge when his contract expires this summer. Rudiger’s agent has also held talks with Manchester United and Barcelona, but it’s understood that Madrid have now reached an agreement to sign the 29-year-old on a free transfer. However, Ancelotti refused to give anything away after Madrid’s loss to City on Tuesday evening. When asked about Rudiger’s potential move to Madrid by beIN Sports, Ancelotti asked with a smile: ‘Who is this? Ancelotti then added: ‘He’s a Chelsea player, he’s still a Chelsea player. I cannot say nothing about this.’ Speaking on Sunday, Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel admitted the club’s sanctions played a role in their inability to reach an agreement over a new deal for Rudiger. ‘We fought hard,’ said Tuchel. ‘I fought hard on a personal level. We made big offers to him, and the club tried everything. ‘But for some weeks we cannot fight any more because we have the sanctions. We cannot adjust. We cannot continue, and so it is what it is. ‘He deserves my full support because he delivered incredible performances right until today. ‘I’m just happy that I had the chance to coach him and to have him in the team. Because he was nothing but brilliant.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 