Renovating your house or flat can be really expensive – but opting to do some of the work yourself can really help to limit how much you’re spending. However, even if you’re really savvy with your DIY, costs can quickly mount up – particularly if you’re doing a lot of work in one go. But there are clever hacks, tricks and tips you can try to make your renovation is cost efficient as possible, which is particularly important in the context of the cost of living rises, and the rocketing costs of lots of building materials. Bonnie Harington is copywriter and content writer from Bristol, with a special interest in interiors and property. She is currently on her second renovation of a property, and has shared with Metro.co.uk some of her top tips to keep costs down in the process: ‘Arm yourself with confidence (and lots of YouTube knowledge) and have a go yourself,’ she says. Bonnie suggests starting with smaller jobs to build your confidence. ‘Painting, wallpapering, laying laminate flooring, most basic carpentry and even simple plumbing can all be managed by a DIY enthusiast,’ says Bonnie. ‘Tiling and plastering can be more tricky, simply because if these jobs aren’t perfect it is very noticeable. It doesn’t mean you shouldn’t have a go, just make sure you are prepared.’ But she says it’s important to remember that electrics and gas should never be DIY-ed. ‘You need to be qualified and certified to manage these jobs, and getting it wrong could be deadly,’ she adds. ‘You’ll have to get online and research the costs of materials before you start to get a good idea of how much things actually cost,’ says Bonnie. Stressing that you shouldn’t forget the little things. ‘Screws, wall plugs and washers are only pence, but if you’re using hundreds, even thousands, it all adds up,’ she says. ‘If you find the materials costs are too much, think about how you can scale back your project before you start. There’s nothing worse than running out of money in the middle of a job, and it’s a sure-fire way for your DIY project to go over budget.’ Bonnie’s top practical tip is to account for 10% contingency in case the prices of materials rise more. In every single DIY store there are people you can speak to and ask questions, and Bonnie encourages you to squeeze all the knowledge out of them that you can. ‘Usually, you’ll find they are friendly and well- informed, and they can help you choose the right material, tool, or brand you need,’ she says. ‘This will save you making costly mistakes and buying things you don’t need/can’t use.’ If you happen to have a DIY expert friend or family member, Bonnie suggests using their knowledge too – ask them what works best for the job you’re doing. ‘They might be able to tell you of materials or techniques to avoid, saving you time and money,’ says Bonnie. ‘ If you’re lucky, they may have left over materials they don’t need anymore which they can share with you.’ Instead of spending money buying specialist tools, Bonnie says hiring them is a really good idea. ‘They’re usually high quality, well maintained and you can ask the assistant in the store exactly how to use them,’ she says. ‘The downside of this is that you’re still spending money, and sometimes the costs of hiring tools can be prohibitive, especially over longer periods of time. ‘Instead, ask friends, neighbours, family members or even local Facebook groups if you can borrow the tool you’re looking for. You’ll be surprised how generous people can be. ‘When you return it make sure it is in the same condition as when they gave it to you, and perhaps include a bottle of wine or a box of chocolates as a thank you.’ Bonnie says: ‘Sometimes you know you’ll need a tool for a long time, or you know it’ll come in handy in the future, so borrowing or hiring won’t work.’ In this case, she says, buying the tool you need is inevitable. But, before investing in good quality, pricey, equipment, she suggests checking second- hand websites like Gumtree, Freecycle or on Facebook Marketplace. ‘You could find some real bargains,’ she adds. ‘Put your settings to search up to an hour away from your home and account for the cost of fuel in the price. Always, always haggle the price down. ‘Be cheeky, but not too cheeky, or you might come across as a time waster. Getting a third off the price is an absolute win. Bonnie’s bonus tip: ‘This is a really good way to get furniture too!’ ‘Ask around on local groups on Facebook or Nextdoor to see if anyone is interested in a skill swap,’ suggests Bonnie. ‘You are unlikely to get any professionals taking you up on this offer, but rather, other handy people in your neighbourhood who have had a go at DIY-ing in their house.’ To make this swap work, you have to offer up what you can do, and list you’re looking for – hopefully you’ll find someone who can teach you something. ‘Exchange an hour for an hour so that neither party feels taken advantage of,’ suggests Bonnie. ‘For example, if someone spends an hour plastering in your house, make sure you do a full hour of gardening in theirs, or whatever you agree on. ‘It doesn’t have to be DIY-based if you’re not confident in DIY just yet. Think about what you can offer- a homemade cake, a yoga lesson, a massage (if you’re qualified) or something related to your job.’ Bonnie says this tip is a real ‘time stealer’, but it’s worth it because it’s a sure way to get a good price. ‘Be warned, you’re going to have to be thorough, determined and a little shameless,’ says Bonnie. ‘Firstly, you’re going to need to spend evenings and lunch hours calling, searching, and emailing to get the lowest prices on materials. Cross-reference sales deals and bulk buying prices to find the cheapest deal. ‘Once you have all your information, call your preferred store and see if they price match. Don’t be afraid to haggle too, especially if you’re buying a lot of product. It works especially well in independent or local merchants, rather than the big national stores. Use the line – “is that the best price you can do?” to get the ball rolling.’ When it comes to quotes for, say, electrical or gas work, Bonnie says you should get as many as you can. ‘This is incredibly time-consuming because you have to make initial contact, be in when they come to your home to look at the job, and then possibly chase up the quote afterwards,’ she says. ‘But, this is not an area to be skipped. Once you have a range of quotes and you have a ballpark figure, you can start to haggle the price down. ‘Often, quotes are inflated in case you do this. If your preferred tradesperson won’t lower their fee, see if you can source the materials yourself and get them cheaper, so you can save money that way.’ ‘You might hate your kitchen, or your bedroom furniture, or your front door – but there is always something you can do about things in your home if you can’t afford to replace them,’ says Bonnie. She suggests starting with some research and learning what other people have done to upcycle their unloved items. ‘Pinterest, Instagram, and YouTube are goldmines for inspiration, as are interior designers’ websites,’ she adds. ‘With a little creative flair, a lot of time, and (usually) some paint, you can transform something you hate into your new favourite thing, very cheaply.’ ‘At the end of your project round up your unused materials and tools and pop them on Facebook Marketplace for the next DIY-er to use,’ says Bonnie. ‘You won’t get all of your money back, but every little counts towards the overall budget.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to become more confident doing DIY at home MORE : How to tile a floor MORE : Woman transforms 1980s bungalow into chic haven with budget DIY hacks