In previously unreleased bodycam footage from the set of Rust, paramedics are seen desperately trying to save Halyna Hutchins after she’d been shot by a gun held by Alec Baldwin. On Monday night, Santa Fe County Sheriff’s office released all files relating to its ongoing investigation into the fatal shooting of cinematographer Hutchins on the set of the western film, including several videos involving the scene straight after, as well as interviews with Baldwin and armourer Hannah Gutierrez Reed. Hutchins was shot on the set in October last year, while director Joel Souza was also wounded, after a prop gun Baldwin was holding was discharged during production in a chapel. She was shot in the right armpit, with the bullet that struck her later emerging again through the top of her shoulder, and later died of her injuries. In distressing footage taken in the moments after the shooting, Hutchins can be seen lying on the floor and being tended to by several paramedics, alongside the film’s director. Medical equipment is seen strewn about the set, with filming that day taking place in a chapel on the Bonanza Creek Ranch near Santa Fe. One paramedic was seemingly applying pressure to Hutchins’ wounds, while another prepared apparatus to give the cinematographer – who still appeared responsive in the footage – oxygen, as they told her to take deep breaths and ‘hang in there’. In the clip, personnel can be heard talking about transferring Hutchins to a waiting medical helicopter to transport her to hospital, as they prepared her to be placed onto a stretcher and taken out of the chapel. Other footage released shows director Souza later speaking to officers in the hospital about the incident and asking about Hutchins’ wellbeing. Describing the shooting, Souza said he heard ‘a very loud bang’ and the feeling of ‘being kicked in the shoulder’: ‘I was down on my ass and I look over and see the cinematographer Halyna Hutchins with blood coming out of her back.’ The director also described how armourer Hannah Gutierrez Reed had handed the weapon to Baldwin, saying it was ‘cold’ or ‘clean’ – meaning that it supposedly contained no live rounds – adding: ‘There was a bang that was louder than I ever heard come from a blank before.’ Other clips show officers arriving on the set of the film to conduct interviews with production crew members, while, in another video, Baldwin is seen practising drawing his revolver on the set, reportedly taken the same day as the incident. Talking to officials in an interview afterwards about the shooting, Baldwin shared that, as a rehearsal, he expected ‘a cold gun with no rounds inside, or dummy rounds – cosmetic rounds – no flash’. Santa Fe County Sheriff Adan Mendoza said various components of the investigation ‘remain outstanding’ including FBI firearm and ballistic forensics as well as analysis of Baldwin’s phone data. It comes after a report into the incident found the film’s production company ‘knew that firearm safety procedures were not being followed on set’ and ‘demonstrated plain indifference to employee safety’. Rust Movie Productions was fined USD$136,793 (£104,810), the maximum allowable by state law in New Mexico, following a six-month investigation by the state’s environment department. Mendoza said on Monday: ‘Today the sheriff’s office is releasing all files associated with our ongoing investigation. ‘The files are all related to the Rust movie set investigation and include lapel/dash camera footage from deputies and detectives, incident reports, crime scene photos, examination reports, witness interviews, set video and staff photos collected throughout the course of this investigation.’ He added: ‘Various components of the investigation remain outstanding, including FBI firearm and ballistic forensics along with DNA and latent fingerprint analysis, Office of the New Mexico Medical Examiner findings report and the analysis of Mr Alec Baldwin’s phone data extracted by Suffolk County Sheriff’s investigators.’ Baldwin’s lawyers say the previously released report ’exonerates’ the actor as it showed he had ‘no authority over the matters that were the subject of the bureau’s findings of violations’. ‘We are confident that the individuals identified in the report will be held accountable for this tragedy,’ they added. It comes as the Hollywood actor continues to fight a number of lawsuits stemming from the incident. Cases are being brought by script supervisor Mamie Mitchell, head of lighting Serge Svetnoy and Hutchins’ family. MORE : Hilaria Baldwin shares glimpse of baby bump in crop top as she expects seventh child with husband Alec MORE : Amy Schumer ‘was never going to say’ Alec Baldwin joke on Rust shooting at Oscars amid backlash