A patient in England has waited nearly six years for hospital care, an investigation into the NHS backlog has found. The anonymous person spent 300 weeks waiting to see an ear, nose and throat specialist in West Suffolk – which is in the constituency of former disgraced health secretary Matt Hancock. Data from 60 NHS trusts found dozens of patients have been forced to wait for more than three years for pre-planned care in England and a handful have been waiting for at least four years. Leading surgeons described the figures as ‘shocking’ and warned that prolonged waits could lead to ’emotional and physical distress’. Many of patients are likely to be in pain or discomfort during the wait to see a hospital specialist after being referred on by their GP. For Jo Goulding, who has lived with rheumatoid arthritis since she was seven, the wait for surgery has left her in ‘agonising’ chronic pain and ‘relying on painkillers’ to simply get by. The 49-year-old has been on the list for two elbow replacements since 2018, and a shoulder replacement since 2019.  She only had a hip replacement, which she was waiting for since 2020, in March this year. The length of the wait meant that when she was finally seen, she needed more extensive surgery due to problems with her pelvis. ‘The pain was eating me up from the inside out, nothing took the pain away, and the limitations in my life have been soul-destroying,’ the mother-of-two explained. ‘I don’t know how I managed over the last two years. The most upsetting thing is that it’s not just my life, but my family’s lives too, which have been affected. ‘My kids are only little, nine and 10, and I found my daughter crying the other day because she’d seen me wincing in pain, knowing there was nothing she could do to help me.’ The civil engineer said that living with chronic pain ‘sucks the life out of you’, adding that she had to remortgage and adapt her home to cope. She believes the patients who have been waiting for the longest ‘get lost’ in the numbers and the NHS is ‘beyond breaking point’. Across England, some 6.1 million people are waiting for hospital care, including more than 23,000 who have been waiting for more than two years. More than a quarter of the longest waiters are in line for care for trauma and orthopaedics – which covers hip and knee replacements. Professor Neil Mortensen, president of the Royal College of Surgeons of England, said: ‘It is shocking that people have been waiting years for planned NHS hospital treatment. Waiting in limbo for a planned hip, hernia or ear operation can cause real emotional and physical distress. ‘This is heart-breaking for patients and very frustrating for surgical teams who desperately want to get planned surgery up and running again. It’s also a reminder that we are not out of the woods yet from the virus.’ NHS leaders said that the are doing ‘all they can’ to dig into the backlog but efforts have been hampered by  pressures on A&E, social care, Covid cases and high rates of staff absences on top of severe workforce shortages. Chris Hopson, chief executive of the NHS Providers organisation, which represents NHS Trusts, said: ‘Trusts are doing all they can to bear down on care backlogs which have increased during the pandemic for hospital, mental health and community services. But they face extraordinary pressures, including the continuing impact of Covid-19. ‘There are more than 16,000 patients in hospital beds with the virus, and 28,000 Covid-related staff absences, compounding severe workforce shortages. ‘We also have more than 20,000 patients who are medically fit to leave hospital and continue their recovery at or closer to home, but they can’t be discharged because the right care isn’t available. ‘This is impacting on the NHS’ ability to cope with very challenging emergency care pressures, and it’s affecting work to bear down on backlogs.’ Labour blamed the backlog on ’10 years of Tory mismanagement’ before the pandemic, which exacerbated the crisis as operations were forced to be put on hold. In his first major speech as Health Secretary in March, Sajid Javid set out an ambition to drive down long waits. Part of this could include patients being given the choice of where to receive their care – including private hospitals – with the NHS footing the bill for transport and accommodation costs if it is out of area. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.