An interview with Mel Gibson was awkwardly cut short by a publicist when the interviewer asked him about Will Smith slapping Chris Rock at the Oscars. The Oscar-winning filmmaker and actor, 66, had appeared on Jesse Watters’ Fox News show to talk about his latest project, Father Stu, which he had directed and which stars Mark Wahlberg. Towards the end of the interview, Jesse asked him: ‘You understand it probably better than a lot of people, with your career. ‘And I was wondering if, you know, you had been the one that jumped up out of his seat and slapped Chris Rock, if you would have been treated the same way, Mel?’ Mel did not respond to the question but pulled faces and smiled as he pointed at the camera and chuckled. His publicist could then be heard interjecting: ‘Hello Jesse, thank you that’s our time.’ Not giving up, Jesse tried to probe again, asking: ‘Have you ever thought about that?’, to which the female voice once again cut in to say: ‘Um, I’m — thank you, Jesse. Uh, we — that is our time.’ Mel remained smiling as Jesse thanked him for his time and closed off the interview, realising he was not going to get an answer. It comes after Will Smith shocked the world by storming the stage at the Oscars and slapping Chris Rock after the comedian made a joke about his wife. Chris had compared Jada Pinkett-Smith to GI Jane, not knowing that her hair loss was due to the medical condition alopecia. Will had approached him and slapped him across the face, yelling ‘Keep my wife’s name out your f**king mouth’. The Academy had come under criticism for allowing him to accept his best actor award for King Richard after the incident and make a six-minute speech. It had launched an investigation into the incident and Will has since resigned from the Academy, apologising for his behaviour. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Will Smith resigns from the Academy after slapping Chris Rock at the Oscars: ‘I want to put the focus back on those who deserve attention for their achievements’ MORE : Andrew Garfield appears to mock Will Smith slapping Chris Rock at the Oscars in new video 