Going for a, bikini, Brazilian or Hollywood wax can be a daunting task, especially if it is your first time. You may think that trimming down there may be a good idea. One that saves both you and your waxer time and hassle. However, a professional waxer has shared why trimming is one of the worst things you can do pre-treatment. Caroline Hegarty used her TikTok platform to respond to someone who asked her: ‘What would be ideal for a client completely new to a Brazilian to come in with, hair/hygiene-wise?’ Her first bit of advice is to not shave for ‘at least a month’ before the appointment. ‘We are trying to grow out all the three stages of hair growth at one time that has been constantly shaved and the only way you can do that is just by leaving it alone,’ she explains. Next, she advises people to never trim before the wax. ‘Don’t f***ing trim,’ she urges viewers. ‘Even if you think you’re doing us a favour, please don’t trim. ‘If you go in for a wax and your therapist sees your bits, even if you grow a luscious bush, don’t trim it. ‘Your therapist will see it, if she needs to trim it she will trim it to an appropriate length which allows us to still grasp all the hair.’ She explains to viewers that on several occasions she has had clients give themselves a trime, but this leaves some areas very short and others still long. ‘So then you have one area that’s not going to get caught with the wax as efficiently as the rest,’ she explains. ‘So just leave the bush – if we need to do it, we’ll do it.’ As for hygiene prior to an appointment, Caroline’s advice is to have a shower the night before the wax and then use one of the towelettes that most salons will give you to freshen up right before the appointment. Correct underwear can be another issue that plagues women before an appointment. ‘The choices are you can leave your own undies on, wear your own thong, or take the disposable G-string they give you or skin to the wind and just whip it all off,’ she says. ‘Whatever you are comfortable with, we will roll with it.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Adaptogenic skincare is the latest beauty trend – but how does it work? MORE : Everything you need to know about lymphatic drainage – beauty’s hottest new trend MORE : These are the best beauty looks from the Oscars red carpet