Liam Gallagher has revealed the extent of his arthritis has left him needing a double hip replacement – but he’s avoiding the surgery at all costs despite it affecting his ability to sleep peacefully. The former Oasis star has been battling with the condition, which causes pain and inflammation in the joints, for several years now. It has seriously affected Liam’s hips – in his words, they’re ‘f****d’ and his bones ‘mashed up’ – and he has been advised by his doctors to stop running completely. However, the 49-year-old has also been told that he needs a hip operation to replace them but he would ‘rather just be in pain’. In a new interview, Liam, who first revealed he had arthritis in 2019, acknowledges that it’s ‘ridiculous’ to not have the surgery but he’s determined to stand against the ‘stigma’ of saying he’s had his hips replaced. ‘I’d rather be in a wheelchair, with Debbie pushing me around, like Little Britain,’ he told Mojo Magazine in reference to his fiancee Debbie Gwyther. However, the pain Liam experiences is so bad that he ‘can’t sleep at night’ and is left ‘tossing and turning’. He has managed to find some relief from herbal sleeping tablets which he said has ‘saved my life’. The rocker added that he’s ‘on the downwards slide’ and also has trouble with his eyes and a thyroid. ‘I’m not afraid of death, whatever it is. Why should you be? It’s going to happen anyway. It’s being afraid of being born,’ he told the publication. It may come as some comfort to Liam that, while he battles hip problems, his walk has at least been admired by Suranne Jones, who revealed she has used his swagger as inspiration for her character in Gentleman Jack. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rachel Zegler says questions about Ansel Elgort sexual assault allegations were like a ‘gut punch’: ‘I was being held accountable for accusations that had nothing to do with me’ MORE : Coachella 2022: Revolve party organisers apologise after Fyre Festival-style comparisons over chaos where Kim Kardashian and Kendall Jenner partied 