Rishi Sunak has fuelled renewed questions about his tax affairs by admitting he held onto his US residency card for years after becoming a government minister. The chancellor and his wife, Akshata Murty, held green cards while they lived in America in the 2000s, and kept their status after returning to the UK. On Friday they were reported to have continued declaring themselves ‘permanent US residents’ for tax purposes. In a statement, a spokesperson for Mr Sunak confirmed that he kept the residency even after becoming chancellor, failing to give it up until 19 months later. He was said to have returned it immediately after seeking guidance from officials on his first trip to the US in an official capacity in October 2021. The status will not have exempted Mr Sunak from paying taxes on money earned in the UK, and will have required him to pay some taxes to the US government on income earned abroad. Giving up his green card will have affected his tax requirements in the US, although whether it would have made him worse or better off depends on details of his financial arrangements which remain unknown. But the admission heaps pressure on the chancellor to clarify his claims that his wife sought non-dom status, which allows her to avoid UK tax on her foreign earnings, because she one day planned to return to live in India. Holding a green card amounts to committing to make the US your ‘permanent home’ – which contrasts with his decision to stand for Parliament, where he’s been an MP since 2015 and a minister since 2018. Mr Sunak and Ms Murty own a £5.5 million penthouse holiday home in California, where they usually spend parliamentary recess. Ms Murty is thought to have saved some £4.4 million in taxes thanks to her status, which ministers say has worked well for hundreds of years to ensure money earned abroad by foreigners is not double-taxed. Blasting his wife’s critics as ‘unpleasant’, Mr Sunak told The Sun: ‘I appreciate that in the past British people were trying to use this thing to basically not pay any tax in the UK. I can see that from my inbox, right? That’s a very clear perception. ‘But that’s not the case here. She’s not a British citizen. She’s from another country. She’s from India. ‘That’s where her family is . . . that’s where she, you know, ultimately will want to go and look after her parents as they get older. ‘She pays full UK tax on every penny that she earns here in the same way that she pays full international tax on every penny that she earns internationally, say, in India.’ It has been claimed the chancellor has decided not to go to the US over the break for reasons unknown. A spokesperson for Ms Murty pointed out that India does not allow citizens to hold onto their Indian passports if they become citizens of another country, adding: ‘According to British law, Ms Murty is treated as non-domiciled for UK tax purposes. ‘She has always and will continue to pay UK taxes on all her UK income.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to the Treasury for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.