A desperate mum says she feels like a ‘beggar’ trying to find a safe home for her family. Abiodun Adebayo’s first-floor flat in east London is riddled with black mould and peeling paint. The care assistant and her three daughters – aged 18, 15 and 10 – have been in the flat since July 2018. Ms Adebayo is worried about what impact the extended exposure to the mould – in particular during each national lockdown – will have had. She has appealed to Hackney Council for a safer home, but she’s just one of 8,500 others on a huge waiting list. Last year, the local authority only had 650 council homes to distribute. Ms Adebayo, a care assistant for the elderly, said: ‘I feel like a beggar with no choice. I’m still paying rent but they are still treating me like this. ‘That’s not what the council is supposed to do, but especially to families with children.’ Two of her daughters have been forced to sleep on the sofa for months due to the severity of the mould coating their bedroom walls. Demand for social housing in the wider area has risen to startling levels. In January, Hackney Council admitted: ‘With current demand, it sadly remains the case that many families waiting for Council housing will never receive it.’ At the start of the year, there were more than 3,000 people living in bed and breakfasts, hostels and other unsuitable temporary accommodation in Hackney. London Mayor Sadiq Khan, who has been sent photos of Ms Adebayo’s flat, has branded the situation ‘unacceptable’. He added: ‘It’s not good enough and it’s important the council takes steps to rectify that particular property, but we’ve got to recognise the context which is massive cuts in public services.’ His comments were echoed by Labour leader Keir Starmer who claimed the government has been trying to ‘outsource’ housing issues and ‘put them at the door of local authorities’. Ms Adebayo has been offered two temporary properties while the mould is attended to. Steve Waddington, housing director at Hackney Council, said: ‘The conditions Ms Adebayo and her family are living in are unacceptable and we have been working with her to try and address the repair issues. ‘We have offered two temporary properties to Ms Adebayo to move into while we rectify the issues with her home, however Ms Adebayo declined these properties, stating that she wished to remain closer to where she lives at the moment.’ He added both properties were in Hackney, and the council had also offered Ms Adebayo and her family a hotel, or to begin work while they were in the property, which she declined. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.