Following the news that Bruce Willis’ his acting career would be coming to an end after he was diagnosed with aphasia, many fans have been reminiscing on his most memorable roles. This week, the 67-year-old’s family announced that his health issues were ‘impacting his cognitive abilities’, and so he was ‘stepping away from the career that meant so much to him’. In 1988, the release of Die Hard – and the introduction of Bruce’s action hero John McClane – made him a household name in Hollywood. Having gone on to star in productions including The Sixth Sense, Armageddon and Pulp Fiction, as well as playing the lead role in comedy series Moonlighting in the 1980s, another of Bruce’s most celebrated roles was in Friends, when he guest-starred in the sixth season in 2000. The actor played the part of Paul Stevens, the father of Ross’ (David Schwimmer) girlfriend, Elizabeth (Alexandra Holden) who ended up becoming a romantic interest for Rachel (Jennifer Aniston). Despite only appearing in three episodes, Bruce is regarded as one of the top guest stars ever to appear on the sitcom, winning the Primetime Emmy Award for outstanding guest actor in a comedy series for his performance. While Friends boasted many A-listers as guest stars over the years, from Brad Pitt to Reese Witherspoon, the late Charlton Heston, the late Robin Williams and an up-and-coming Elle Fanning, Bruce is undoubtedly one of the biggest names to have appeared on the show. The circumstances of him joining the cast were unique to say the least, with the Moonrise Kingdom star confirming in a 2018 interview with Wired that he was ‘on Friends because I lost a bet to [Chandler Bing actor] Matthew Perry’. The pair starred together in the 2000 crime comedy The Whole Nine Yards, as well as the 2004 sequel The Whole Ten Yards. What’s more, Bruce ended up donating his fee for starring on Friends to five charities, his publicist announced in 2000, Entertainment Weekly reported at the time. Those charities were the American Foundation for Aids Research, Aids Project Los Angeles, the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric Aids Foundation, the Rape Treatment Center and the UCLA Unicamp for underprivileged children, although the total sum was not disclosed. It’s previously been reported that the bet Matthew made with Bruce was whether or not The Whole Nine Yards would reach number one at the box office when it was released, with the former believing that it would, and the latter suspecting the opposite. So, after losing a bet to Matthew, Bruce wound up appearing on Friends, striking fear into the heart of Ross as his girlfriend’s father before wooing – and subsequently pushing away – Rachel. Who can forget the way Rachel, Monica (Courteney Cox) and Phoebe (Lisa Kudrow) swooned over Paul when they first met him, or Bruce’s iconic dance in the mirror and assurances to himself that he was ‘the man’ when Ross was hiding underneath the bed? Following the news of his aphasia diagnosis, Matthew shared a tribute to his former co-star on social media, writing: ‘Dear Bruce Willis, I’m so sorry to hear what you are going through, but you’re still the coolest man I’ve met in my entire life. ‘You will remain in my prayers for a long long time. Maybe we should get together and watch the whole 10 yards and get a couple of hours of sleep.’ Friends is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bruce Willis aphasia diagnosis sparks surge in people searching for information on communication disorder MORE : John Travolta lauds Pulp Fiction co-star Bruce Willis for being a ‘generous soul’ after aphasia diagnosis 