Eating disorder charity Beat has spoken out against the widely-criticised remarks Dr Hilary Jones made claiming that ‘people with the most serious eating disorders don’t go to restaurants’, urging him to ‘educate himself’. On Wednesday April 6, new legislation introduced by the government came into effect, making it a rule for large food businesses in the out of home sector with at least 250 employees to feature the calories of dishes on their menus. There are concerns that the move could be triggering for people who are suffering from or are vulnerable to eating disorders, with Beat stating online: ‘We know it can increase fixations on restricting calories for anyone with anorexia or bulimia.’ However, during an appearance on Lorraine, Dr Hilary expressed his belief that it shouldn’t be a ‘problem’ for people with eating disorders, stating: ‘People with the most serious eating disorders, anorexia, don’t go to restaurants and they know exactly how many calories are in everything. So I don’t think that’s a problem.’ In a statement shared with Metro.co.uk, the organisation’s director of external affairs, Tom Quinn, emphasised how ‘lack of understanding’ can have a hugely negative impact on people who are affected by eating disorders. ‘We’re shocked that someone with a medical background would display such ignorance about eating disorders on such a public platform,’ Tom said in reference to Dr Hilary’s words. ‘A lack of understanding can be a huge factor in people with eating disorders not getting the help they need. We’d urge Dr Hilary to educate himself on these serious mental illnesses.’ While speaking to Ranvir Singh on Lorraine, Dr Hilary compared the statistics of adults in the population who are overweight or obese to those who have eating disorders. The GP said: ‘67% of the adult population are either overweight or obese. They need assistance in choosing healthier foods. The eating disorders, we’re talking about less than 1% of the population. So I think by and large you’re going to help more people.’ During and following his appearance on the ITV programme, several viewers lambasted him over his ‘disgusting’ and ‘harmful’ comments. ‘Not a professional saying people with anorexia “don’t go to restaurants” and “already know all the calories” Is that a joke?’ one person wrote. ‘This is a disgusting and harmful thing to say. How dare he say this. This is so damaging!’ another stated. Someone else urged: ‘GPs please go and have some more training on eating disorders.’ Metro.co.uk previously contacted Dr Hilary Jones’ representative for comment. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dr Hilary Jones slammed over ‘disgusting’ claim that ‘people with most serious eating disorders don’t go to restaurants’ amid menu calories debate MORE : Good Morning Britain’s Dr Hilary Jones sparks Ofcom complaints for slamming ICU doctor refusing vaccine 