The mum of a terminally ill girl, 7, ‘with days left to live’ can’t afford to heat their home amid Britain’s cost of living crisis. Anastasia Hazell, who suffers from a rare and aggressive brain tumour, is unable to speak or walk and has to eat through a feeding tube. Her family was plunged into a ‘nightmare’ last March when doctors said she wouldn’t survive longer than a year. The once ‘healthy and popular’ schoolgirl is rapidly deteriorating – but faces going without warm showers or baths on some days as she reaches the end of her life. Her loved ones have tried to keep her warm with a wood burner and heated blankets as savings are sucked up by soaring energy bills. Heartbroken mum Alexandra Hazell, 35, says they are plagued by fears over money. ‘The cost of living has just skyrocketed. We’ve had to turn the heating off twice’, she said. ‘We just want to spend time with her but all my time is spent worrying about this.’ Anastasia also lives with dad James, 35, and brother Ryker, three, in a village near Great Yarmouth, Norfolk. Rather than spend the remainder of her life in hospital, she is being cared for at home by nurses and family as they all wanted to be together. Alexandra, who works as a support worker, says she has noticed her daughter struggling to breathe lately. She continued: ‘Anastasia is getting towards the end and we’re still having to rattle around for money. Our heating has gone off twice as we’ve run out of oil. It’s just impossible. ‘It got so bad we were all camped in her room with a wood burner. We were throwing wood on the fire to make the room warm enough to get through the night. ‘The other time we ran out of oil we were having to put heated blankets on Anastasia because she was turning blue. ‘We haven’t been able to give her a warm bath or shower sometimes. It’s crazy. There are weeks when we can’t afford basic things. ‘We put away £1,000 for last Christmas but that was eaten up beforehand by food and heating costs.’ The tragic situation comes after the seven-year-old was diagnosed with a diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma – or DIPG – a week after her sixth birthday. She had been ‘doing really well in school’ and loved to sing and dance. Her mum said: ‘She was a totally healthy and normal girl. She had a lot of friends and was one of the more popular girls in class. ‘The diagnosis came completely out of nowhere. We noticed one day that she was a bit weak on one side. ‘The doctors found a tumour and she was rushed to Addenbrooke’s Hospital. That’s when her whole life changed. ‘She’s just so poorly. Last night she was struggling to breathe. I’m thinking how many more days are we going to have. It’s a nightmare.’ A GoFundMe started to ‘raise some funds to go towards making memories for the Hazell family’ has raised £30,000. MORE : Martin Lewis says ‘heat humans not homes’ in response to energy bill crisis Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.