Erik ten Hag is keen to bring Ajax centre-back Jurrien Timber with him to Manchester United, according to reports in the Netherlands. Ten Hag has emerged as the leading candidate to replace Ralf Rangnick this summer after impressing United’s hierarchy during his interview last month and is set for further talks. United have already been linked with several players ahead of the summer window, including West Ham midfielder Declan Rice and Benfica striker Darwin Nunez, who is also wanted by Arsenal. But according to De Telegraaf’s Mike Verweij, who was speaking on the Kick Off podcast, Ten Hag wants United to make a move for Timber this summer. The 20-year-old initially came through Feyenoord’s academy before moving to Ajax in 2014. He made his senior debut for the Dutch club in 2020 and has now established himself as Matthijs de Ligt’s successor in central defence. Timber will have two years remaining on his current deal with Ajax this summer. Meanwhile, reports have also claimed that Ten Hag is keen to sign Ajax winger Antony. Timber has also been linked with a move to Manchester City and in an interview with Helden Magazine last month, the defender made it clear he would be willing to join Pep Guardiola’s side. ‘I like to play for prizes; that’s why I say City now. Barcelona has a less good period at the moment,’ Timber said. ‘I want to grow as a player, use my time at Ajax to become even better. At Ajax, you have to be happy if you are in the starting line-up; that’s why I want to enjoy this time consciously. ‘I play for the prizes here; there is no better place to be. Ajax was always my dream club; I also slept under an Ajax duvet. ‘I plan to stay here for a while. But if Manchester City calls, what should I do?’ Meanwhile, Rangnick claimed after United’s 1-1 draw with Leicester City on Saturday that the club may need three transfer windows in order to catch Liverpool and Manchester City. ‘Those two teams have been built together and recruited over a period of five or six years, all of them under the premise of, ‘how do the coaches want to play?’,’ said Rangnick. ‘It takes the right decisions and where you want to go to, what kind of players, what kind of manager, and then in every transfer window try to get the best possible. ‘This is possible. This is not rocket science. ‘It has to be done and if that happens it does not necessarily need three or four years, maybe two or three transfer windows, then the situation could be different.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 