Piers Morgan has said his strong dislike for Meghan Markle isn’t ‘because of her mixed race’. The TalkTV presenter invited longtime friend Sharon Osbourne onto his new programme on Wednesday to discuss how she was ‘cancelled’ last year for defending him in the middle of a race row. Sharon was axed from CBS’ The Talk after getting into a heated debate with co-host Sheryl Underwood about Piers’ unrelenting rants about the Duchess of Sussex, which in turn caused him to leave Good Morning Britain after complaints about his commentary on the Royal. However, Piers insists his stance against Meghan isn’t fuelled by racism while also declaring the same for Sharon. During the latest episode of Piers Morgan Uncensored, he said: ‘You and I worked together for a long time. I’ve never known you have a racist bone in your body. I would like to think you’ve never felt that in me. ‘We are not racist people, we never judge people because of their skin colour. ‘I’ve certainly never written anything about Meghan Markle because of her mixed race.’ Sharon agreed: ‘No. Skin colour, religion, that’s not the way we run our lives.’ The former X Factor judge, who has also landed her own TalkTV programme called The Talk, went on to reveal how being ‘cancelled’ impact her personal life and career. ‘I don’t scare easily you know that, but some of the comments that were coming through on my social media were so horrific about cutting my throat, my husband’s, even the dogs, they wanted to kill my dogs,’ she told the host. ‘And then they started on Ozzy on his site and then my kids. And I just thought, this is just insanity.’ Piers later went on to officially ‘uncancel’ Sharon as her husband Ozzy Osbourne’s song Changes played in the studio. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs on TalkTV, 8pm Monday – Friday (Sky 526, Virgin Media 627, Freeview 237, and Freesat 217) and live and on demand on the TalkTV app and at Talk.TV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amanda Holden and Holly Willoughby are the spitting image of each other as they turn up to work in the same dress MORE : Kim Kardashian leaks unedited photo of Stormi at Disneyland that was Photoshopped as True 