Ashley Cain and Safiyya Vorajee have revealed their plans to mark the first anniversary of their daughter Azaylia’s death. The former couple, who recently announced that have split up, confirmed on April 25 last year that she had died from leukaemia. Azaylia had been just eight months old and had battled a rare and aggressive form of the childhood cancer. The former couple will be spending Sunday at the tot’s graveside, with Safiyya, 34, telling The Mirror: ‘While we usually try to celebrate her life, this day will be sad. ‘We’re going to make the day as special and as beautiful as possible. We’ll release three doves to represent mummy, daddy and Azaylia and we’ll bring the family together at her resting place, shed some tears and make our prayers.’ Safiyya had also shared some footage of her preparing Azaylia’s grave for the anniversary, covering it with white flowers in the shape of angel wings and spelling out her name. The grave is also adorned with photos of their beloved daughter, as well as a series of cuddly toys, including her favourite Disney character, Simba. Ashley, 31, and Safiyya had recently announced they had split up several months ago but remain close friends despite no longer being in a romantic relationship. The pair also raise money together to help other children with cancer as well as their families, after experiencing the heartbreak of losing a child. Ashley is set to mark one year since Azaylia died by doing a 100-mile run from her grave to Trafalgar Square where he will sit at the feet of the lion statues to remember Azaylia, who he nicknamed his ‘likkle lion’. He added: ‘Those eight months, even though they were tough and they were heartbreaking, they were the best eight months of our lives. ‘We can look back and know we gave absolutely everything. I’d give the rest of my life just to have those eight months again.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ashley Cain’s ex Safiyya Vorajee recalls heartbreaking final moments with daughter Azaylia: ‘We knew this was the day’ MORE : Love Island’s Kaz Crossley denies Ashley Cain romance and reveals ‘hate messages’ over friendship after his split from Safiyya Vorajee 