Kylie Jenner took time out from her Easter celebrations with the family to give fans a rare glimpse of her baby boy. The Kardashians reality star welcomed her second child with boyfriend Travis Scott on February 2, and is yet to reveal his face. On Sunday, Kylie, 24, shared a rare photo of the newborn in her Instagram stories but still kept his face concealed. In the adorable photo, Travis, 30, is seen carrying the tot who had been kitted out in a pair of trainers and jeans, somewhat matching his father’s attire. It’s only the second time Kylie has shared a photo of her baby boy, with the first being a black and white photo of daughter Stormi, four, touching his tiny hand to announce he had been born. Last week, the lipkit mogul confirmed that she and Travis are still yet to decide on a name for their second-born. The couple had originally announced his name as Wolf but shocked fans when they revealed they’d changed their minds. Speaking to USA Today about her boy’s name, Kylie said: ‘We’re in the process, so it just wouldn’t feel right to share anything when we don’t have an official name.’ She added: ‘I knew the second I signed the birth certificate that I was probably gonna change his name. ‘It just didn’t suit him.’ A source also told People that Kylie will reveal her son’s new name ‘when she’s ready,’ and they wanted to get to know their son before making any big decisions. Kylie appears to be spending Easter Sunday with the family at mum Kris Jenner’s plush holiday home in Palm Springs. She’s been joined by sister Khloe Kardashian and her daughter True, niece Dream, and Kim Kardashian’s children North, Saint, Chicago and Psalm. However, Kim herself has been living it up this weekend with friends at Coachella which is taking place nearby. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker to face Daleks, Cybermen and The Master in final outing MORE : Billie Eilish apologises for ‘not being Beyonce’ during epic Coachella headline performance 