Footage shows the terrifying moment a man threatened his neighbours with a samurai sword during a row. Dean Brown, 42, aggressively waved a long blade and metal pole around on a street in Somerton, Somerset while on a drunken rampage in October last year. He then battered Jennifer Robinson, 34, and her ex-partner Lance Buchanan, 36, to the ground. Jennifer told Taunton Crown Court about her ordeal, which left her with a broken nose and needing staples in her head, and said it was like something ‘you would watch in a horror film’. Reliving the incident, the mum-of-three said: ‘Everything was fine while I was cooking Sunday dinner for some friends. ‘Then a woman was pounding on my door shouting about shoes. ‘I didn’t know what she was on about but I just kept apologising because she and her partner were really drunk and very scary. ‘When we couldn’t find her daughter’s missing shoes she started screaming and pummelling me and later Dean came out with a sword – I was terrified.’ Dean and his partner Jodie Brown, 24, both pleaded guilty to grievous bodily harm (GBH). The court heard the row escalated with Jodie punching Jennifer some 20 times, until a male neighbour attempted to intervene. That was when Dean arrived armed with his weapons. Jennifer called the police and her ex-partner Lance, who arrived an hour later on his motorbike. But Dean then went after him – and Lance was forced to lie on the ground and protect himself by lying in the foetal position after his helmet came loose. Jennifer was also pushed into a wall and knocked out by one of the weapons, the court was told. ‘I thought they were going to kill Lance, then I felt a thump and heard this ringing sound,’ she said. ‘It was the oddest sensation, a really high-pitched ringing, like I’d gone deaf, and everything was spinning. It was like I’d been put in a spinning chair in slow motion. ‘That was the last thing I remember before I woke up on the road with blood all over me and all around me.’ Lance said the last thing he remembered before the emergency services arrived was seeing her on the ground and shouting, ‘You’ve f*****g killed her.’ Jennifer was left with a four-inch slash wound and Lance had serious wounds on his hands, leg and head. In a victim impact statement, Jennifer said: ‘I used to think the events that happened that day were just something you would watch in a horror film. ‘I never thought I would be faced with anyone capable of such utter depravity or would commit such a wicked and heinous act. ‘I get flashbacks of the weapons being thrashed around in the air, the sound of them hitting Lance’s helmet over and over.’ She added she has been left with PTSD following the attack, and her son requires emotional support at school. ‘I just wish Dean got more time in prison – he could have killed us both,’ Jennifer added. ‘Physically injuries heal with time, emotional damage is far harder to heal, I don’t feel I will ever emotionally be the same again.’ Dean, of Bishopdown in Wiltshire, was jailed for 25 months after admitting the GBH, and also charges for criminal damage and making threats with a blade. But Jodie, of Salisbury in Wiltshire, remains at large after failing to turn up for sentencing and a warrant is out for her arrest. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.