Tucked away in Manchester city centre is a pretty unusual flat. Its interiors are divisive. Some people are going to absolutely love the place, thinking it’s super chic or ticks off all their inner goth dreams. Others, we reckon, are going to hate it, seeing it as so dark and gloomy that it must be a place where joy goes to die. That’s because it’s all-black. All the walls are a deep ebony, the kitchen counters are black marble, and while the bathtub, toilet, and sink, are white, they sit in a black bathroom. There are some items that aren’t black, with touches of gold in the kitchen sink and accenting the cupboards. But all in all, you might find yourself squinting to make out the details in the photos – there’s a lot of black, basically. The two-bedroom flat is on sale with an asking price of £375,000, and sits in Piccadilly Basin, in the Northern Quarter. The building was previously a Victorian Mill warehouse, built in 1933 and then turned into a block of apartments in 1997 by a developer. They’re designed to have an art deco feel with a modern twist, which definitely carries through to this flat. The NestSeekers listing describes it as ‘one of a kind’ and offering ‘Gotham city’ vibes (it is quite Bat cave-ish, isn’t it?), saying the all-black interiors make it ‘sexy’, ‘seductive’, and ‘where the magic happens’. ‘Touches of gold to get the eyes wandering,’ it continues. ‘The original Victorian redwood floors have been brought back to life. ‘No thought or expense has been spared, the kitchen/diner is at the heart of the apartment comprising of quartz, carefully selected integrated appliances and pop up sockets for convenience. ‘Through the living area to a distinctive Loggia area, that could potentially offer the perfect ‘home office’ space. Two deluxe double bedrooms and custom built bathroom in a polished concrete finish, free standing slipper bath and a walk in rain shower.’ Very fancy. In short, if you think black is the chicest shade, this could be a great place to buy. Or you could completely desecrate the designer’s vision and transform the 990 sq ft space into an all-pink palace, just for a laugh. If you do fancy putting in an offer, you can find out more through the NestSeekers site. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : London flat you can rent for £2,875 a month has slightly baffling fake grass detail MORE : Studio flat inside old church goes on sale for £249,995 in Crystal Palace, London MORE : Clifftop home in Cornwall with steps down to a beach on the market for £2.5million