The BBC will reschedule tonight’s episode of Pointless Celebrities to air Tom Parker’s episode of the quiz show in tribute of The Wanted star, who died of a brain tumour this week. The Glad You Came hitmaker and his bandmate Max George appear in the episode, which was filmed last year and has been pulled forward following the news of his death. They make it to the final round, aiming to raise money for The Brain Tumour Charity and Brain Research UK. A BBC spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘In a tribute to Tom Parker who sadly passed away this week, his episode of Pointless Celebrities, which was recorded late last year, was brought forward with the full support and blessing of Tom’s family.’ Parker died on Wednesday at the age of 33 after battling a stage four glioblastoma brain tumour for almost two years. The pop star and father of two was diagnosed with an incurable brain tumour in 2020. His wife Kelsey confirmed the heartbreaking news, writing on Instagram: ‘It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side. ‘Our hearts are broken. ‘Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. ‘Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout. He fought until the very end.’ ‘We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children.’ ‘Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout. He fought until the very end.’ Last year, Parker revealed that the tumour was stable after having an MRI scan, and recently underwent special treatment at a clinic in the Costa Del Sol, Spain, where fees are £8,000 for two weeks, or £11.6k for a three-week programme. Life expectancy for those diagnosed with glioblastoma is around 12 to 18 months, according to the Brain Tumour Research charity. Parker had detailed his battle with brain cancer in a documentary and via social media, telling his fans that it had been brought ‘under control’ in November 2021.He had announced last week that he was writing a book about his battle, which is due to be released in July. His bandmates, Max, Nathan Sykes, Jay McGuinness, and Siva Kaneswaran, were among the first to pay tribute, with a message from The Wanted reading: ‘Max, Jay, Siva, Nathan and the whole Wanted family are devastated by the tragic and premature loss of our bandmate Tom Parker, who passed away peacefully at lunchtime today surrounded by his family and his band mates. ‘Tom was an amazing husband to Kelsey, and father to Aurelia and Bodhi. He was our brother, words can’t express the loss and sadness we feel. Always and forever in our hearts.’ Pointless Celebrities airs tonight at 7:50pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Parker breaks down in tears recalling brain cancer diagnosis in documentary before death at 33 MORE : The Wanted’s Nathan Sykes shares heartbreaking tour video after Tom Parker’s death: ‘Our lives will never be the same’ 