There’s excitement in the air this spring Wednesday for many signs. But don’t let this adrenaline carry you away before you’ve stopped to think. Apart from you Aquarius, it’s time to be bold as brass before it’s too late. Watch out Pisces, that advice you’re about to get could change your life for the better. And if it’s love that’s bothering you Libra, the solution is communication. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, April 6, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 With Mercury angling towards Saturn, a cautious approach can influence decisions. But the radiant Sun in your sign and the moon in Gemini could have the opposite effect by urging you to be more impulsive. If you need to accomplish something urgently, you’ll have the ability to focus. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Have a desire to rest? See this as an opportunity to catch up with yourself and to consider the current state of play. Mulling over an issue about which you may have reservations? A flash of insight could gift you with a solution but it might require you to take a leap of faith. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 The days ahead can be a call to find a balance between responsibilities and leisure. With a dreamy emphasis, be sure to focus on matters that are worthwhile as it may be easy to get carried away with something that drains your resources. Take an in-depth look before you jump into new projects. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 In your excitement to get an idea off the ground, you may forget to take something into consideration. If you can temper your enthusiasm with some fact-checking, you could achieve good results. Double check the small print and key issues before you commit or sign anything. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 You may have an exciting plan and be keen to share it with friends but before you do, check things are as they seem. With nebulous energies on the go, there is great potential for misunderstandings and they may be down to avoidable mistakes. This is especially so if money is involved. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You may be ready to explore new opportunities but financing them could be a stumbling block to your dreams or desires. This can change, though you might need to be patient. In the meantime, there may be a way to get what you want at a much cheaper rate or perhaps by bartering. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Fiery Mars is still linked to Saturn in your romance zone but not for too much longer. If the past days have revealed hidden flaws in a key bond then be grateful that you are now aware of them and can do something about them. It may be that a discussion will do the trick. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Though you might prefer it if things went right today, try to avoid being critical of anyone who makes a mistake. Key aspects, which involve a link to prudent Saturn, could be the reason you feel moved to point out someone’s shortcomings. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Something you may have invested a lot of time in might be delayed. You could be wondering whether you should continue or cut your losses. Avoid doing anything on the spur of the moment, especially if you feel frustrated at a lack of progress, as with a few tweaks things will happen. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Insights might be helpful in enabling you to understand something about a present situation. With a developing tie between Mercury and prudent Saturn, a solid perspective could prove empowering and may provide a way out, if nothing you’ve tried so far has succeeded. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 It may be worth paying attention to any coincidences that can point the way forward for you. Such signs could be crucial in urging you to commit to a new experience. Feel out of your depth? Be bold, as it might be worth taking on a challenge that may soon lead to something better. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Key influences suggest someone could put a damper on some of your best ideas. They might be critical of everything you find exciting, meaning you may want to steer clear of them over. Nevertheless, Jupiter’s tie to inspired Neptune suggests the advice of one person can ring true. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness