Officers from Wayne Couzen’s elite police unit shared sick messages which show a ‘racist and misogynistic culture in the Met.’ The group allegedly took aim at the likes of Meghan Markle, Labour MP Dianne Abbott and the late George Floyd. A Metropolitan Police whistleblower has shared the exchanges made in a WhatsApp group. He says they were shared between former and serving members of the Met’s Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection command. One image sent to the group celebrated the death of George Floyd, the black man who died in after Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin knelt on his neck. The words ‘Pink Floyd’ were written over a picture of his final moments alive. In another exchange, members targeted Black Lives Matter protester Sasha Johnson, who was badly injured in a shooting last year. A picture was shared of the activist with a bullet hole in her head and the words ‘Black Lives Splatter’ emblazoned on the picture. An image of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, coupled with racist language, was also shared to the Whatsapp group. Labour MP Diane Abbott was also targeted in what she has called ‘horrible and upsetting’ messages. An image of a hippopotamus sculpture was shared with the caption: ‘Guys… who votes we pull down this statue of Diane Abbott?’ And the officers mocked the murder of Sarah Everard three days after their colleague Couzens’ arrest. Alongside the grim exchanges, one wrote  ‘Sick b*****d, only a few people I can send this to will find it as funny as we do.’ The twisted messages have come to light after they were shared by whistleblower Dave Eden. The 62-year-old was a member of the protection command in the nineties and says the WhatsApp group was created in 2018. He added all members had to be invited by and vouched for by both current and former officers. Mr Eden also told the Mirror that outgoing Met Commissioner Cressida Dick had paid ‘lip service to prevention’ and issued ‘meaningless diversity statements’. Diane Abbott, MP for Hackney North, said: ‘These are horrible and upsetting messages and one of them is about me. ‘They happen to reveal a racist and misogynistic culture in the Met police which is what we saw in the WhatsApp messages from Charing Cross police station.’ She said the force’s ‘racist and misogynistic culture’ could explain recent scandals, such as the murder of Sarah Everard, the heavy handed response to a vigil in her name, and the strip searching of child Q. ‘I think that the incoming commissioner really has to tackle this culture. It needs to be understood that racism and misogyny is not going to go unpunished,’ the MP added. A Scotland Yard spokesman said: ‘Racism, sexism and homophobia are completely unacceptable and we will take a zero tolerance approach to any serving officer or member of staff who breaches our standards.’ Last night, the outgoing Ms Dick warned against the ‘politicisation of policing’ in a letter. The senior officer was forced to quit after clashing with Sadiq Khan over her handling of messages shared by a group of officers based at Charing Cross police station. In one exchange, officers made rape jokes and multiple references to sexual violence saying ‘I would happily rape you’ and ‘if I was single I would happily chloroform you’. In others, homophobic slurs were exchanged and ableist and derogatory terms were used. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.