Richard Osman has quit his role as co-host of quiz show Pointless to focus on his growing career as a best-selling novelist. The TV star, who co-created the hit show, has been a firm fixture on teatime quiz programme as presenter Alexander Armstrong’s ‘Pointless Friend’ for 13 years. While he’ll be stepping down from the main weekday version of Pointless, the BBC has confirmed Richard will continue to host Pointless Celebrities as well as his BBC Two show, Richard Osman’s House of Games. In a statement on Friday, Richard said: ‘Pointless has been a joy from start to finish, working alongside my friend Alexander Armstrong, backed by the most wonderful team, and for the best viewers in the world. ‘I will miss everyone so much, but I’m thrilled that I’ll still be presenting the celebrity shows. I can’t thank everyone enough for twelve amazing years.’ Alexander added: ‘Daytime television’s loss is international best-selling crime fiction’s gain. I say that like it’s a consolation – I’m going to miss the big man next to me Monday to Friday. ‘But at least I still get him at weekends – and weekdays if you’re watching on Challenge.’ Alexander will remain as host, and in episodes to air later this year will be joined by a rotation of celebrity guest presenters. Richard, 51, has filmed more than 1,300 episodes and nearly 30 series over the course of 13 years. His debut novel, The Thursday Murder Club, was published in September 2020 and became a bestseller. Its global film rights were later bought by Steven Spielberg’s production company Amblin Entertainment. A sequel, The Man Who Died Twice, arrived in September. Richard has spoken out on speculation he could be set to quit before, after his book series The Thursday Murder Club made it to the top of multiple bestseller lists. He previously pointed out that you can film ‘years’ worth of quiz shows quite quickly due to recording about four in one day. The news of Richard’s departure was first reported by The Sun, who reported a BBC source as saying: ‘Quiz fans and housewives all over the country will be gutted by this news. Richard has become a staple of the daytime schedule but sadly all good things must come to an end. ‘Richard has loved every second of doing the show alongside Xander buthe really wants to give his all to his writing career which has beenan enormous success. ‘His departure is completely amicable but he just does not have enoughhours in the day to do everything so sadly something had to give. ‘His literary career is going from strength to strength so he’s havingto be slightly more choosy with what he does TV-wise.’ Pointless airs weekdays from 5.15pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dizzee Rascal handed a restraining order, curfew and must wear electronic tag for pushing his ex over MORE : SAS: Who Dares Wins stars tease new ‘verbally aggressive’ instructors: ‘They’re typical Americans’ 