Russian tennis Andrey Rublev has slammed the Lawn Tennis Association’s decision to ban Russian and Belarussian players from competing at Wimbledon this year, calling the ruling ‘complete discrimination.’ The LTA announced on Wednesday that it would be following the precedent set by other organisation including FIFA, UEFA, and Eurovision by banning Russians from competing in high profile international events, in order to render the Russian state a sporting and cultural outcast following president Vladimir Putin’s devastating invasion of Ukraine. The United Nations estimates that almost five million people have fled Ukraine since the assault began across land, air, and sea in late February, while cities including Mariupol, Kharkiv and Kyiv have been decimated by shelling. Belarussian players have also been banned due to their nation’s practical support for the invasion. A statement from the All England Club on Wednesday read: ‘Given the profile of The Championships in the United Kingdom and around the world, it is our responsibility to play our part in the widespread efforts of Government, industry, sporting and creative institutions to limit Russia’s global influence through the strongest means possible. ‘In the circumstances of such unjustified and unprecedented military aggression, it would be unacceptable for the Russian regime to derive any benefits from the involvement of Russian or Belarusian players with The Championships. ‘It is therefore our intention, with deep regret, to decline entries from Russian and Belarusian players to The Championships 2022.’ ‘The reasons they gave us had no sense, they were not logical,’ said world number eight seed Rublev, who wrote ‘now war please’ on a camera lens during the Dubai Tennis Championship after the onset of the war in February. ‘It’s complete discrimination’, he added. The 24-year-old called on the LTA to allow Russian and Belarussian players to be able to participate if they sign an agreement ‘to give all the prize money to humanitarian help – to the families who are suffering.’ Both the Kremlin and the Belarussian Tennis Federation reacted with incredulity to the LTA’s decision, with the latter no considering a formal challenge to a ruling it calls ‘illegal.’ ‘Such destructive actions in no way contribute to the resolution of conflicts, but only incite hatred and intolerance on a national basis,” a statement from the BTF reads. ‘Throughout the history of tennis, armed conflicts have occurred in the world – in Iran, Afghanistan, Syria, Yugoslavia and other countries – but never until now have tournament organisers suspended athletes from the United States, Great Britain and other countries. Illegal decisions of international tennis organisations in relation to our athletes undermine the reputation of these organisations.’ As things stand , men’s world number two Daniil Medvedev is set to miss out on the tournament, alongside compatriot Karen Khachanov. Belarus’ Victoria Azarenka and Aryna Sabalenka will also be unable to compete. Serena Williams teases tennis return despite splitting from long-term coach Emma Raducanu told ‘honeymoon phase is over’ as Boris Becker delivers brutal verdict For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 