Piers Morgan is set to make his first return to ITV in over a year since his dramatic exit… as he threatens to storm back onto the set of his former workplace Good Morning Britain. Last March, the broadcaster quit his role on the morning news programme after a clash with weatherman Alex Beresford resulted in his stomping away. After tens of thousands of people complained about remarks he made regarding Meghan Markle’s interview with Oprah Winfrey, he made the decision to leave his position after six years. With Piers set to launch his brand new TV show next week, which is titled Piers Morgan Uncensored and will be available to watch on the new TalkTV channel, he’s going to take a trip to the past first for a chat with Lorraine Kelly. In a tweet, he announced that he would be ‘live and definitely uncensored’ in tomorrow’s TV appearance, while also mocking GMB’s ratings following his absence. ‘I’ll be returning to ITV tomorrow for first time since the Markle Debacle… live & definitely uncensored on ⁦@lorraine⁩ with the fabulous ⁦@reallorraine,’ he wrote. The 57-year-old said it ‘should be fun’, before adding: ‘May even storm back onto @GMB while I wait, and get those ratings back up.’ Piers also shared a photo of himself with Lorraine on her eponymous show, with the host seemingly fixing her guest’s hair. One Twitter user speculated what it could be like in the ITV studio if Alex happens to be doing the weather at the same time as Piers’ appearance considering their rift. Another expressed their excitement, saying that they hadn’t watched any ITV programmes since his exit. When Piers announced new details about his upcoming return to TV, he said in a statement that he was ‘forced to leave a job that I loved at the peak of its success for having the audacity to express an honestly held opinion’. ‘Well this shouldn’t happen in any democracy supposedly built on the principles of free speech and freedom of expression,’ he said. ‘So I’m delighted to now be returning to live television with a new prime-time show whose main purpose will be to cancel cancel culture which has infected societies around the world.’ He added that he wants Piers Morgan Uncensored to be ‘a platform for lively, vigorous debate, the newsmaking interviews, and that increasingly taboo three-letter word – fun. I also want it to annoy all the right people’. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Inside Piers Morgan’s shiny new TalkTV studio featuring groundbreaking technology ahead of Uncensored launch MORE : Piers Morgan wants to ‘identify as a d***head’ during gender debate with Bill Maher: ‘In other words, it’s all bulls**t.’ 