This job in ‘the most magical place’ would be a dream come true for any introvert. For the first time since the start of the pandemic, the UK Antarctic Heritage Trust (UKAHT) is hiring a seasonal team to spend five months in Goudier Island, Antarctica. Staff will run the post office, museum and gift shop in the Port Lockroy base, and count the thousands of Gentoo penguins ‘plodding happily around, busying themselves with daily life’. It is the world’s most remote post office – and successful candidates will only have the large colony as neighbours. Lauren Elliott, one of the postmasters hired by the British charity in 2019, told the BBC the island is ‘the most magical place in the world’. She said: ‘It was really exciting, we got to count all the penguins when they hatched. ‘You have to do a lot of cleaning and there’s lots of penguin poo, which we call guano, but there’s never time to be bored – it’s a really interesting place.’ Postmasters will live on Goudier Island for the Antarctic summer – from November through to March – and should expect constant temperatures of between -5°C to 10°C. Due to Covid-19 restrictions, the island, which normally welcomes around 18,000 tourists each season, has been closed for more than two years. This means that UKAHT’s new hires will be the first to live on the base since 2019. According to the job description, applicants must have a good level of physical fitness, environmental awareness and knowledge of minimum impact living. Currently, the charity is recruiting for a base leader, shop manager, and general assistant, and the deadline is April 25. A post on their Instagram page said: ‘Do you dream of waking up, looking out the window and seeing Antarctica in all its glory? ‘Penguins plodding happily around, busying themselves with daily life. The sun appearing over the snow topped mountains. ‘Seals and whales popping up to say hello. Do you long to work to protect Antarctica’s heritage and conserve its precious environment? ‘Can you share Port Lockroys fascinating history with fellow enthusiasts and visitors? If you’re nodding along, read on.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.