A sixth Covid vaccine which may be more effective for longer has been given the green light for use in the UK by health officials. The Valneva jab has been given regulatory approval by the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA). The UK is the first country in the world to authorise this vaccine. It has been approved for use in people aged 18 to 50 years, with the first and second doses to be taken at least 28 days apart. According to the British Medical Journal (BMJ), Valneva jabs could appeal to those who are hesitant about the current crop of vaccines, which have been created using relatively new technology. The Valneva vaccine uses more ‘conventional’ methods,  the BMJ said. It is the first, whole-virus inactivated Covid vaccine to gain regulatory approval in the UK. With this type of vaccine, the virus is grown in a lab and then made completely inactive so that it cannot infect cells or replicate in the body but can still trigger an immune response. This process is widely used already in the production of flu and polio vaccines. The BMJ states: ‘As a whole virus vaccine, it may be more effective over a longer period of time (as more variants emerge) than those vaccines only targeting SARS-CoV-2’s characteristics protein spikes.’ Valneva said after trials last year that its jab prompted a stronger immune response and fewer side-effects than AstraZeneca’s vaccine. The French biotech company said their shot produces antibodies against the original form of Covid as well as the Delta and Omicron variants. It comes as the number of deaths involving coronavirus registered each week in England and Wales continues to rise, although levels remain well below those reached during previous waves of the virus. The NHS Confederation has said very high rates of Covid-19 infections are having a ‘major impact’ on the health service, which is facing pressures it would see in a ‘bad winter’ well into spring. But Downing Street has rejected the call to reintroduce greater mask-wearing and a push to encourage mixing outdoors. It has been more than a year since the first Covid jabs were approved for use in the UK, with millions of vaccines administered since then. The former chairwoman of the country’s vaccine taskforce last year said government may have ‘acted in bad faith’ over an earlier cancelled deal for the Valneva vaccine. Dame Kate Bingham, who stood down from her role at the end of 2020, criticised the decision to pull out of the agreement before Valneva had finished clinical testing of the jab. The decision was not only a blow to international pandemic efforts, but would dampen the UK’s resilience to future disease outbreaks, Dame Kate said in a speech at Oxford University in November. Dr June Raine, MHRA Chief Executive, said: ‘Our approval of the Covid vaccine made by Valneva today follows a rigorous review of the safety, quality and effectiveness of this vaccine, and expert advice from the government’s independent scientific advisory body, the Commission on Human Medicines.’  Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 