Movie legend Al Pacino, 81, was spotted leaving a restaurant with Sir Mick Jagger’s ex-girlfriend Noor Alfallah, 28, this weekend. The Oscar-winning actor exited the Felix Restaurant in Venice Beach, California, on Saturday evening with the successful TV producer after the pair dined on Italian food at the high-end eatery. The two stars were joined at the dinner by friends Jason Momoa, 42, and Julian Schnabel, 70, as Al and Noor left in the same car. Before hopping into the vehicle, Noor – who is also vice president of Lynda Obst Productions at Sony – was seen enjoying a cigarette outside. The Godfather star rocked a casual look for the dinner, as he donned a pair of baggy trousers and a blazer over his black shirt. Noor looked stunning, chic and effortless in a black lacy top and leather trousers, alongside high-heeled black boots. The Beverly Hills resident – who originally hails from Kuwait – has previously been linked to a wide range of celebrities, including the Rolling Stones front-man Sir Mick. She dated the rocker for three years – when he was 74 and she was 23 – before the relationship came to an end in 2017. Following their split, she was believed to have moved on with Clint Eastwood in 2019, but she later claimed was just a friend. Speaking to Hello, she discussed her romance with Sir Mick, saying that she ‘doesn’t regret’ their relationship despite their huge age gap. She said: ‘Our ages didn’t matter to me. The heart doesn’t know what it sees, it only knows what it feels. It was my first serious relationship, but it was a happy time for me.’ She added: ‘[He’s] much fitter than I am. I really respect that he is so disciplined.’ Al, meanwhile, split from his ex-girlfriend Meital Dohan in 2020, and the two-time Tony winner has a long string of ex-lovers and past flings but has never married. Before Meital, he was in a decade-long relationship with actress Lucila Solá. He has also been linked to Diane Keaton, Jill Clayburgh, Penelope Ann Miller, and Lundall Hobbs. Meanwhile, Al unwittingly managed to break the internet during the meal, when eagle-eyed fans were convinced that he had a Shrek phone case. Sharing a snap of the event on his Instagram, Jason Momoa said: ‘Amazing night @pacegallery Julian Schnabel’s – for ESME’ with Love and Squalor so thankful to enjoy dinner with legends. all my aloha j,’ Many fans were quick to zoom in on the photograph, in order to get a full view of the picture, and it became an instant meme. Social media producer Marie Bardi couldn’t get enough of the picture, penning on Twitter: ‘Al’s headphones continue to be iconic, but I need a full investigation on whatever the f**k is supposed to be on his iPhone case.’ Shortly after, Marie found a similar-looking case of the glorious green ogre available for $12.95 (£9.94) on Amazon, uploading a screenshot with the message: ‘OH MY GOD’. MORE : Jennifer Garner ‘happy’ for Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez’s engagement news: ‘He told her and the kids’ MORE : Real Housewives star Braunwyn Windham-Burke reveals ‘spicy’ sex life with girlfriend Victoria Brito: ‘We have it 10 times a day!’ 