Divorce doesn’t need to be a nasty process, but for a long time, the law made it that way. Our system in the UK meant that in order for a divorce to happen, one partner would be forced to blame the other – or wait up to five years before being able to start the legal process of splitting. This week, that changes. April 6 will see the arrival of no-fault divorce, a tweak to the divorce law in England and Wales that will enable couples to split without having to say one person was in the wrong. ‘No-fault divorce represents the biggest change to divorce law in England and Wales in 50 years,’ Suzanna Kingsford-Smith, a divorce coach at Amicable, tells Metro.co.uk. ‘The new rules will remove blame and reduce conflict and in turn enable couples to split in a more amicable way. ‘No-fault divorce will end the need for a couple to blame one another, which causes unnecessary and unwanted animosity between them. Couples will be able to divorce jointly and no longer need to give a reason as to why the marriage has ended. ‘This will reduce conflict as blame will no longer play a part in the legal process of divorce, strengthening couples’ ability to negotiate a fair settlement and co-parent in the future.’ Previously, couples hoping to divorce would need to give one of five reasons as to why their marriage has broken down: adultery, unreasonable behaviour, desertion, two years separation (if both agree), or five years separation (if only one person wants the divorce). Notice how ‘it just didn’t work out’ or ‘we grew apart’ or ‘we realised we’re better as friends’ aren’t on that list? That meant divorce became a blame game and piled on the stigma of splitting by conveying it as only a negative thing. The arrival of the no-fault divorce could transform the way we view breaking up a marriage, along with allowing people to split in a less adversarial way. ‘I’m confident this will change the narrative and reduce the stigma that exists in relation to divorce,’ says Suzanna. Suzanna notes that she’s seen a lot of couples wanting to wait to separate until no-fault divorce is legal, indicating just how desired this change is. ‘For most, the priority is to make the best possible arrangements for their children and to sort out their accommodation and finances,’ she explains. ‘The current divorce process is designed with confrontation at its centre and having to place blame simply isn’t a particularly pleasant option for many people.’ Suzanna knows that no-fault divorce is a ‘kinder’ approach first-hand, as she was able to split from her husband under the Australian legal system, which introduced no-fault decades ago. ‘My ex-husband and I decided this was the best option because it aligned with our values of dignity, neutrality and allowed us to focus on our children,’ she tells us. ‘We were both adamant that we did not want the divorce to make us forget about the good times in our marriage. In fact, we wanted to celebrate these moments while moving towards a different future. ‘We both decided and agreed that we deserved another chance of a new relationship with a different partner parallel to our co-parenting relationship. The no-fault divorce system allowed us to focus on the future and not blame each other. ‘I am certain that if we had to blame our decision to divorce on each other then it would have created distance between us, and the reasons given would have left a lasting impact.’ Here’s hoping that the law change will help those in England in Wales call time on their marriage in a way that doesn’t require blame and shame. Suzanna adds: ‘No-fault divorce is not promoting divorce or claiming that it is easy. ‘It is simply giving an option for couples to divorce together in a non-acrimonious way. ‘It won’t negate the emotional impact and the personal choices that need to be made, but it will help couples who have already made that difficult decision to progress their divorce in an amicable manner and accept the reality of a new future rather than be entrenched in a circle of blame.’ Lydia, 46, has been married to her husband for 18 years. In summer 2021, the couple came to the decision to end their relationship, but decided that rather than getting divorced then, they wanted to wait for no-fault to come into place. ‘The marriage ran well in all the practical ways of life, such as with money management, financial decisions, running a home and parenting,’ Lydia tells us. ‘However, we became almost like business partners – the foundation of a marital relationship had eroded over the years. ‘We both went through a lot of shared tears and soul searching, which led us to mutually decide to end our marriage. ‘Even though our marriage is over, it’s important to us both to keep a friendship beyond discussing money and children. ‘The way the system has been set up, historically, is to assume blame and create animosity – this is to nobody’s benefit except solicitors! ‘I would describe me and my ex as “aggressively amicable” and as there’s no fault from either party as to why the marriage didn’t work, I would feel uncomfortable having to find a reason that doesn’t exist. ‘Nobody gets married expecting it to end in a divorce. So, trying to unpick it gently and with the minimum amount of fuss, cost or manufactured hostility is the right way forward for us. ‘No-fault divorce means we won’t speak ill of each other or allow anyone else to. It was important for us to find a way to progress a sad situation in the kindest way possible and prioritise working together amicably over a win/lose approach. ‘The end of the marriage doesn’t mean the end of being connected, partly but not only because of the children. By acting with mutual respect, the wellbeing of our children is best protected – which is the most important thing. ‘I’d like to get to the end of the process still having positive interactions.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : A psychologist reveals three common communication issues between couples – and how to fix them MORE : A divorce coach reveals the eight most common reasons married couples split up MORE : It’s about to become easier to get divorced – here’s why that’s great news