Just when we thought Harry Styles couldn’t get more successful, he’s only gone and secured his career-best debut with his latest single. The musician, 28, earns his second solo number one this week after As It Was soared up the charts. The catchy tune has had the best first-week sales of 2022, which comes as no shock after it sent pretty much everyone into a frenzy when it was released. Harry achieved a massive 94,000 chart sales, with his song notching up 10.5million streams over the past seven days – the biggest week of UK streams of any track this year so far. It’s also the most-downloaded song of the week too, topping the official download chart. Harry’s new synth-pop song is the lead single from his upcoming third album, Harry’s House, and the music video in particular has had fans hot under the collar. His artistic creation shows the singer donning a series of glitzy lewks, but also stripping down to his boxers. The Watermelon Sugar singer last topped the singles chart in 2017 with his debut solo single Sign Of The Times. He knocked Ed Sheeran off the top spot after his impressive Shape Of You run, impressing everyone with his powerful vocals in a six-minute piano ballad. No doubt Harry will be hoping to maintain his number one streak with his upcoming album, which lands on May 20. Elsewhere in this week’s charts, The Wanted’s Greatest Hits makes the highest climb of the week on the official albums chart top 40 following the heartbreaking death of member Tom Parker from a brain tumour. The album moved a staggering 80 places, entering back in at number 22 after fans have been listening to the band’s music in celebration of his life, with their 2012 single Gold Forever specifically gaining thousands of streams. But, at the top of the album chart this week is Red Hot Chili Peppers, who score their fifth UK number one album with Unlimited Love, 20 years after claiming their first chart-topper. Unlimited Love – the group’s twelfth studio album – sees members Anthony Kiedis, Flea and Chad Smith reunite with guitarist John Frusciante for the first time since his departure in 2009. Prior to this, Red Hot Chili Peppers have topped the official albums chart on several occasions, with Unlimited Love also topping this week’s vinyl chart. Elsewhere in the Top 10, Olivia Rodrigo’s Sour climbs five places to number three, which is fitting after her big night at the Grammys this week in which she took home three awards. The ceremony saw Sour crowned best pop vocal album, with Olivia also winning best new artist and best pop solo performance for Drivers Licence. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : What we know about Harry Styles’ upcoming films after star warns sex scenes are not to be watched with parents MORE : Ulrika Jonsson hates on Chanel-toting Dominic Calvert-Lewin and heel-wearing Harry Styles: ‘Where have all the men gone?’ 