Gemma Collins and fiancé Rami Hawash weren’t shy about packing on the PDA as they enjoyed a date night in London. The Towie star, 41, looked chic in a stylish ensemble while photographed leaving the London Palladium after watching Matt Goss perform. Gemma and Rami, 48, have been on and off since 2011, when she first started featuring on Towie, but reunited during lockdown. They are now engaged for a second time, seven years after breaking off their original engagement. The businesswoman was all smiles as she left the venue in the capital on Saturday night, donning a white sating two-piece complete with sparkly green cardigan. Adding more colour to her look, Gemma accessorised with a bright blue handbag and bold pink lip gloss. She wore her gold locks in bouncy curls and was happy to pose for cameras as her fiancé placed a kiss on her cheek. Rami opted for an all-black outfit, keeping it casual in a pair of trainers. The business owner also wore an eye patch after suffering a ‘serious accident’ at work, which required a surgical procedure. Gemma announced the scary incident on Instagram earlier this month, stating that her partner needed a surgical procedure on his eye and nose and she would only be able to relax once it was complete. Gemma announced her engagement to Rami in December, after they initially tried to keep the news quiet because they were waiting for Rami’s divorce to be confirmed. She told The Times, she said: ‘Yeah, but we can’t really come out and say anything yet because Ram was married before and his paperwork has not come through, so until that’s officially signed, we’ve not said anything. ‘They’ve not been together for two years. I know her, she’s got a partner, she’s as good as gold. There’s a child involved, he’s only three, obviously I love him to death. ‘But until that paperwork’s signed I can’t come out.’ The GC is also keen to have children of her own one day, and has revealed she’s been seeking advice from her close pal Amy Childs. ‘She was telling me that there’s certain days in the month that you’ve got to do this. So I basically appointed her to be the head of my pregnancy,’ Gemma said. Rami is already a dad to his three-year-old son, Tristan, whom he keeps away from the spotlight. But, Gemma seems to get on well with the little one, as the TV star documented their ‘first family holiday’ together last month. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Holly Willoughby takes out cameraman with paper plane during This Morning challenge MORE : Julia Bradbury thought she’d never travel or wear bikini again after breast cancer and mastectomy 