When poor Kuzey was rescued by the RSPCA in October, he was thin and his legs were covered in untreated sores. Even with that tough background, the 10-year-old hasn’t stopped being an absolute sweetie. He’s been looking for a new home where he can see out his golden years, but he’s now spent six months waiting and staff are worried potential adopters are being put off by his age. Maisie Walker, from Blackberry Farm Animal Centre, in Buckinghamshire, said: ‘Kuzey is such a sweet old gent but, at 10, his age is starting to catch up with him, and he’s on long-term pain medication for arthritis which will need to continue in his new home. ‘We fear that adopters are being put off by this extra responsibility as it will come at an extra cost at a time when families are really feeling the pinch. ‘We are desperate to find Kuzey his forever home as he’s been in our care for so long and, at his age, he really needs a cosy, warm retirement home where he’ll be showered with love. ‘We do the best we can but nothing can replace a wonderful home of his own.’ Even though his joints aren’t what they used to be, Kuzey is still a playful guy and he loves his toys. He also enjoys a nice gentle walk and having a good sniff as he goes. He can live with kids aged over 12, but he’d rather be the only dog in the home. He’s also not a fan of cats. Kuzey can also be a bit a bit uncertain around other dogs, so his new owners will need to keep this in mind when he’s out socialising. He’s perfectly fine walking with other dogs, but isn’t happy when they get up in his personal space. Maisie said: ‘Unfortunately Kuzey is one in a long line of dogs coming into our care with separation anxiety having got used to having people around during lockdown. ‘He’d really like new owners who can dedicate lots of time to helping him settle in before gradually introducing him to spending time alone. ‘He is such a loving, affectionate lad with so much love to give. Please can someone give him a chance?’ To find out more about Kuzey, go to the RSPCA website or contact blackberryfarm@rspca.org.uk or 0300 123 0752. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : RSPCA desperate to find homes for 60 baby gerbils after breeding got out of hand MORE : A collie who had never been walked until her rescue is still waiting for a home 450 days later MORE : Nervous lurcher with ‘so much love to give’ marks one-year anniversary in kennels