Taron Egerton will no longer appear in his West End show opposite Bridgerton season 2 star Jonathan Bailey after dropping out due to ‘personal reasons’. The announcement that the Rocketman actor has dropped out of the play comes after he was replaced when he tested positive for Covid-19, having fainted on stage weeks prior on the opening night. In a statement released by the Twitter account for the play, a revival of Mike Bartlett’s 2009 production Cock at London’s Ambassador Theatre, it said that understudy Joel Harper-Jackson will take over the role of M previously played by Taron. ‘Joel Harper-Jackson will take over the role of M in Mike Bartlett’s razor sharp, hilarious play Cock until the end of the run,’ it said. ‘The part was originally played in this production by Taron Egerton, who has had to withdraw from the production due to personal reasons.’ The statement added that Joel was an understudy for the role, ‘and has been playing the part of M for the past ten days while Taron was absent from the production having tested positive for Covid’. Director Marianne Elliott described Joel as an ‘absolute hero’, saying that he’s a ‘brilliant and gifted actor’ who took over the role ‘at extremely short notice’. ‘Audiences have been standing and cheering and so am I,’ Marianne said. Jonathan, who has recently been leaving Netflix viewers swooning with his return as Anthony Bridgerton in the second season of the hit period drama Bridgerton, added that Joel is ‘an immense talent and we couldn’t be luckier to have him on board’. ‘I am proud to continue sharing the state with him,’ he added. While people on social media expressed their disappointment over Taron not returning to play the role of M in the production, many also wished him well while also commending Joel on his performance. At the beginning of March when Cock opened on the West End, it was reported that Taron passed out on stage, with one of his co-stars stopping the performance and a doctor from the audience coming to his aid. At the time, a statement released by the play said: ‘A doctor who was in the audience attended to Taron immediately after the incident, and whilst he felt fine, it was decided that Taron’s understudy, Joel Harper-Jackson would continue in the role to complete the performance.’ Then after he tested positive for Covid a few weeks later, another message came out that read: ‘In accordance with the production’s health and safety protocols, he will now isolate and we expect Taron to return to the show next week. Taron is yet to comment publicly on his withdrawal from the show. Metro.co.uk has contacted Taron Egerton’s representatives for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The One Show viewers in hysterics at presenters’ attempts to avoid saying NSFW name of Jonathan Bailey and Taron Egerton’s play MORE : This Morning fans in stitches as Alison Hammond fangirls over Bridgerton star Jonathan Bailey 