A new clip of a confused-looking Chris Rock immediately following his being slapped by Will Smith at the Oscars has emerged online. During the ceremony, which took place on Sunday in Los Angeles, the comedian made a joke about Will’s wife, Jada Pinkett Smith while he was presenting the award for Best Documentary Feature. ‘Jada, I love you. GI Jane 2, can’t wait to see you,’ joked Chris, referring to the actresses’ shaved head. While Will, 53, initially laughed after noticing his wife’s unimpressed reaction to the quip, the star stormed onto the stage and hit Chris before returning to his seat and shouting repeatedly: ‘Keep my wife’s name out your f***ing mouth.’ Last year, Jada, 50, who shares daughter Willow, 21, and Jaden,23, with Will, revealed that she had been suffering with alopecia, a condition which causes hair loss. While Chris has been widely praised for how he maintained his composure following the assault and carrying on with his presenting duties. A new video, honing in on him after he announced that Summer of Soul had won Best Documentary Feature and handing the trophy to Questlove, has now been shared online. It shows Chris looking dazed and confused as he remained on stage as the musician and filmmaker delivered his speech. The 57-year-old looks around as he attempts to seemingly tries to make sense of what just happened and even glances at someone in the audience, and appears to make a face suggesting he isn’t sure why it all happened. Another video released yesterday, showed Jada cracking a slight smile in reaction to the shocking incident. While Chris has gained some criticism for the ‘tasteless joke’, it has been claimed by a friend of his that he ‘had no idea’ that Jada had alopecia. Will, who shortly after the debacle won Best Actor for his role in sports drama King Richard, has since issued an apology to the comedian. In a statement posted on his Instagram page, he said that he understands that jokes are part and parcel of being a public figure, and condemned his own behaviour adding that ‘violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive’. Meanwhile, Chris told the sold-out crowd at his stand show on Wednesday – his first since the incident – that he was ‘still processing’ what happened and will address it properly at a later date. He said: ‘How was your weekend?,’ with CNN’s Elizabeth Joseph saying that he had ‘tears in his eyes’ as he told his fans: ‘Let me be all misty.’ The stand-up star said that he didn’t have a ‘bunch’ of things to say about what occurred, ‘so if you came to hear that, I have a whole show I wrote before this weekend’. Chris, however, was not the only one to make fun at the couple on the night. Comedian Regina Hall, who was hosting the Oscars alongside Amy Schumer and Wanda Sykes, had also made digs at Will and Jada’s marriage, but the pair took that in good spirits and laughed in response. The fall out from the slap heard around the world shows no signs of abating. The Academy has said it may discipline Will for the incident, condemned his behaviour and launched a formal investigation. They have also stated that he was ‘asked to leave’ the ceremony but ‘refused’. Several public figures and celebrities including Jim Carey and Zoe Kravitz have also hit out against The Fresh Prince star and come to the defence of Chris. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Will Smith slapping Chris Rock looked planned to Oscars producer Will Packer: ‘I thought it was a bit like everybody else’ MORE : Noughts and Crosses series 2: Strictly Come Dancing and Loose Women star Judi Love and comic Michael Dapaah join cast