Footage of a police officer bhangra dancing with a group of volunteers at a warm-up event for the Commonwealth Games has gone viral after being posted online. The 30-second clip was uploaded by West Midlands Police during the Military Games at the newly renovated Alexander Stadium in Birmingham yesterday. The unidentified officer can be seen showing off his moves alongside five female Punjabi dancers at a stall outside the stadium in the Perry Barr area of the city. Perry Barr Police tweeted the clip, which has since been viewed thousands of times, and wrote: ‘Some of the team have been down at The Alexander Stadium today at the Military Games! ‘Great to speak to and engage with the local community in the run up to #TheCommonwealthGames. ‘One of our Officers even got his dancing shoes on!’. Many web users were quick to praise the officer’s impressive dancing with one writing: ‘Community engagement is vital. Well done to this officer.’ Another added: ‘Great to see… wearing a uniform doesn’t make him not human… well done.’ A third commented: ‘He’s got some moves to be fair. What a dude and nice to see a copper not afraid to have a bit of fun.’ Officers from the force were at the Alexander Stadium to supervise an invited event for the Army who were testing the athletics track ahead of the games in 98 days time. Alexander Stadium has undergone a £72 million renovation in time for the Opening Ceremony on July 28. The Games, which will see 5,054 participants competing across 238 different sports, will be one of the biggest operations in the force’s history. Chief superintendent Steve Graham said: ‘This is a once in a lifetime event for the region and also for the force. ‘We are working hard on delivering a safe and secure Birmingham 2022 but we are also planning for policing to be very much in the background. ‘This is about people coming to our great region from all across the world and having a fantastic time. ‘We are working hard to make sure that everyone that comes feels safe and can relax and focus on the important things — the fantastic sport and cultural events that will be taking place. ‘Our whole operation is based on us working together as one — this includes colleagues from other forces, as well as our blue light services partners, such as fire and ambulance and British Transport Police, who will looking after everyone on the transport network. ‘In order to continue our core policing duties outside of the Birmingham 2022 events, we will be bringing in over 2000 additional officers from forces across the country so our communities will continue to be served by our officers.‘ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.