No room for a vegetable patch? Author and kitchen gardener Aaron Bertelsen explains how to grow your own crops in containers. It is a myth that you need the luxury of space to grow your own fruit and veg, according to Britain’s most famous kitchen gardener Aaron Bertelsen. ‘A well laid-out vegetable garden is a beautiful thing, but I’ve gained just as much pleasure from produce grown on the windowsill of a one-bedroom flat,’ says Aaron who used to run highbrow Great Dixter House & Gardens, a place of pilgrimage for horticulturists from around the world. Aaron’s latest project is much more down to earth. He’s living in a tiny house in a 1950s council housing development in Hampshire and on a mission to inspire a new generation who don’t think they have space to grow. ‘I believe that anyone can grow something. I also think that everyone should. Growing at least some of your own and eating seasonally is the best way to educate yourself about the food you eat.’ It is, he says, not only good for your pocket and the planet, but a great way to improve physical and mental wellbeing, too. ‘It reduces food miles to zero and cuts waste as you can just pick exactly what you need,’ says Aaron. ‘And there something hugely calming about the gentle, repetitive tasks involved in growing – there is nothing like working with your hands to get you out of your own head.’ But where do you start? The answer is to keep it simple by growing what you love to eat and will use up in your kitchen. ‘Also think about things that are hard to get in the shops or expensive to buy,’ he says. ‘The key thing is to be realistic. Keep things manageable and you are more likely to succeed. Start small, and see where it takes you.’ Grow Fruit & Vegetables In Pots by Aaron Bertelsen is published by Phaidon. For Aaron’s new online growing course, visit Grow Something. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to transform your home into an urban jungle with house plants MORE : Green-fingered couple charged nearly £500 to grow vegetables in their own garden MORE : Mum saves nearly £2,000 on garden decking by making her own