Michael Owen was blown away by another Thiago midfield masterclass as the Liverpool star ran the show during last night’s 2-0 win over Villarreal at Anfield. Jurgen Klopp’s relentless winning machine now have one foot in a third Champions League final in the space of four years after they overcame obdurate opposition thanks to a second half own goal and Sadio Mane’s predatory instincts. At the heart of another ultimately convincing stood the metronomic presence of Liverpool’s pass master who the opposition were unable to lay a glove on and almost crowned a near flawless display with a stunning goal at the Kop end only for the post to come to Villarreal’s rescue. The former Barcelona and Bayern Munich star initially struggled following his move to Liverpool 18 months ago as he failed to get to grips with the rigours of English football, but Klopp’s patience as paid off to the extent whereby he is among the first names on a star-studded team sheet. Reflecting on the Spain international’s display, former Liverpool striker Michael Owen told BT Sport: ‘There were lots of questions, lots of people who thought he was a great player. ‘I don’t think there was anyone who ever doubted his quality they did doubt if they could fit into this team. I think naturally he’s a No.6 but a No.6 who is a playmaker, almost like a quarterback. But Liverpool don’t really play like that. They like a more defensive player in there like a Fabinho but this guy especially in the last month has just come into his own he is literally dictating the play. ‘His passing accuracy is staggering it was 96% I’m told and things like this he’s adding to his game in recent weeks.’ Rio Ferdinand, meanwhile, who earlier this week revealed he tried to convince the 31-year-old to join Manchester United career, was equally fulsome in his praise. He added: ‘He’s an intelligent guy, I’m fortunate enough to have spent time with him here and there. ‘Intelligence is the thing that strikes you straight off the pitch, but on the pitch it is there for everyone to see. It’s almost like he’s practicing and testing things out on this stage and it almost always comes off.’ MORE : ‘I’d be fuming’ – Rio Ferdinand feels sorry for Liverpool star in Villarreal clash MORE : ‘Best Liverpool team I’ve ever seen’ – Rio Ferdinand and Michael Owen give quadruple verdicts For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 