Kelsey Parker has thanked fans for their ‘love and support’ after the death of husband Tom Parker, ahead of his funeral. The Wanted star died at the end of March aged 33 after battling a terminal brain tumour since 2020. The father-of-two’s funeral will take place on April 20, and Kelsey urged fans not to bring flowers but to line the streets in his honour instead. She wrote on her Instagram story: ‘Thank you for all of your love and support. It truly is getting us as a family, through the most difficult time.’ Kelsey added: ‘I politely request that no flowers are sent to the church as we are doing flowers as a family. If you wish to pay your requests please line the streets for Tom. ‘Also I know my husband would want to raise as much money as possible, so that moving forward I can help others and raise as much awareness of this terrible disease. ‘Therefore any donations would be wonderful and help greatly. Thank you again. Love always, the Positive Parkers.’ Kelsey had previously encouraged fans to line the street leading to the church ahead of Tom’s service, telling them: ‘There will be private celebration of life on Wednesday 20th April. ‘We know many of you would like to pay your respects as well, so would love for you to join us in Petts Woods from 10am. ‘It would be beautiful to have everyone line the route as we head to our private service. ‘You are then welcome to join us outside the church for the duration where the service will be relayed on screens.’ Tom had revealed he was diagnosed with a stage four glioblastoma tumour in October 2020, which most commonly has a life expectancy of 12-18 months. He he worked to raise awareness and funds for brain tumour research and had completed a reunion tour with The Wanted shortly before his death. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Parker’s wife Kelsey invites fans to pay their respects to late Wanted star outside private service MORE : The Wanted’s Jay McGuiness shares heartbreaking tribute to Tom Parker after his death: ‘I just wish you had more time’ 