P&O Ferries says it is set to restart sailing this weekend on routes it has been suspended from after sacking nearly 800 seafarers on the spot. The firm, widely slated for its conduct last month, has been prevented from running all but one ship since the redundancy debacle on March 17. Now it says it will resume operations on four vessels – but it is unclear if the authorities will allow it. The company sparked outrage by replacing its crews with cheaper agency workers, without any notice, on March 17, sparking a major backlash from politicians, unions and the public. There were safety concerns about continuing to allow the vessels to sail. The resulting suspension has contributed to further chaos and queues at ports in recent weeks. A spokesman for the firm now says: ‘From this weekend, P&O Ferries are getting ready to resume services across a number of vital routes. ‘P&O has been working closely with regulators to ensure our ships are safe to sail. ‘P&O is looking forward to welcoming back vital services and we expect to have two of our vessels ready to sail on the Dover/Calais route by next week, subject to regulatory sign-off, namely both the Pride of Kent and Spirit of Britain between Dover/Calais. ‘P&O are also expecting to be able to sail both the European Causeway, which runs between Larne and Cairnryan, and the Pride of Hull, which runs services between Hull and Rotterdam.’ He continued: ‘We thank our customers for their patience during this time and we apologise to those customers whose journeys have been cancelled and disrupted.’ The ferries will need to pass inspections by the Maritime Coastguard Agency (MCA) before operations can restart. However, the MCA said: ‘There are no further inspections of P&O Ferries at the moment and we will re-inspect at the appropriate time’. The announcement comes as a former P&O Ferries chef is suing the company for unfair dismissal, racial discrimination and harassment. The BBC reported that John Lansdown has filed a tribunal claim against the firm and its chief executive, and is seeking financial compensation and exemplary damages of up to £76 million. P&O Ferries denies wrongdoing over the incident. Meanwhile, criminal and civil investigations have also been launched into the sackings last month. Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng confirmed on April 1 that the Insolvency Service had started ‘formal criminal and civil investigations’. The Insolvency Service added: ‘Following its inquiries, the Insolvency Service has commenced formal criminal and civil investigations into the circumstances surrounding the recent redundancies made by P&O Ferries. ‘As these are ongoing investigations, no further comment or information can be provided at this time.’ P&O Ferries chief executive, Peter Hebblethwaite, has already told a joint hearing of the Commons’ business and transport committees that his company broke the law by not consulting with trade unions before sacking workers. The company boss, who earns a basic salary of £325,000, has refused to resign. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Airports and ferries suffer major delays hitting Easter holiday getaways