Naomi Judd, one half of the Grammy Award-winning duo The Judds, has died at the age of 76. The news was confirmed in a statement released by her daughters, singer Wynonna Judd and actress Ashley Judd, as they revealed their mother had died ‘to the disease of mental illness’. ‘Today we sisters experienced a tragedy. We lost our beautiful mother to the disease of mental illness. We are shattered,’ the statement read. ‘We are navigating profound grief and know that as we loved her, she was loved by her public. We are in unknown territory.’ Just a day ago, Wynonna – who made up the other half of The Judds – celebrated the duo being inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame, the ceremony for which was due to take place on Sunday. ‘Can’t think of a better way to be welcomed to our new home at the @countrymusichof than by the fans. Looking forward to seeing your sweet faces along the red carpet on Sunday!’ she wrote in the tweet posted on Friday, alongside a black-and-white photo her and her late mother. Tributes have come pouring in for Naomi, with singer-songwriter Travis Tritt tweeting: ‘This is heartbreaking news! Naomi Judd was one of the sweetest people I’ve ever known. ‘I had the honor of working with her in movies and numerous musical events. My deepest heartfelt condolences go out to her family.’ Desperately Seeking Susan star Rosanna Arquette wrote: ‘I’m very sad to hear that Naomi Judd has passed away. Rest In Peace. Sending love and light to Ashley and Wynonna and all who love her.’ Radio and TV personality Bobby Bones said: ‘RIP Naomi Judd. My mom taught me seemingly every one of your songs. She’d sing them often and loud. You left Country Music better than you found it.’ ‘Rest In Peace, Naomi Judd,’ tweeted singer Maren Morris. ‘Honored to have witnessed “Love Can Build a Bridge” just a few short weeks ago.’ Actress Kristen Johnston remembered Naomi being ‘so lvoely and warm’, adding: ‘But the thing I remember best was how proud she was of her daughters, she talked about them the whole time’. In addition to The Judds being due to be inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame on Sunday, the duo had just announced an arena tour, which was scheduled to start later this year. It would have marked the mother and daughter’s first tour in over a decade. Across three decades, Naomi and Wynonna achieved 14 number one songs, with the group announcing they were to stop performing after Naomi was diagnosed with hepatitis. Between 1984 and 1991, they released six studio albums and an EP, winning nine Country Music Association Awards and seven Academy of Country Music accolades. Born Diana Ellen Judd in Kentucky in 1946, Naomi raised her two daughters as a single parent after ending her marriage to ex-husband Michael Ciminella. She and Wynonna embarked on their successful singing careers after the matriarch attended nursing school in California. In 2005, she launched an eponymous talk show called Naomi’s New Morning, which aired for two seasons, while she also previously appeared in films including More American Graffiti and A Holiday Romance. Naomi is survived by her husband and fellow singer, Larry Strickland, who was a backup singer for Elvis Presley. MORE : ER actress Jossara Jinaro dies aged 48 following battle with cancer: ‘Even in her last moments, she was still fighting’ MORE : Earth, Wind & Fire saxophonist Andrew Woolfolk dies aged 71 following six-year health battle