Vladimir Putin is said to be running out of missiles, tanks and aircraft, because the parts they rely on are made in Ukraine. The engines of Russian military helicopters and key components for warships, cruise missiles and the majority of the nation’s fighter jets are all made in Ukrainian factories, the Telegraph reports. The factories, which also produce parts for tanks and ground to air missiles, no longer supply Mr Putin’s army. Earlier this week Moscow said it would reduce military activity near the Ukrainian capital and the northern city of Chernihiv. Russia said the withdrawal would help increase trust at peace talks, however, the claims have been met with scepticism. Ukraine and its allies have warned that the Kremlin is not de-escalating to promote trust but instead plans to regroup and restock as it shifts its focus to Ukraine’s Donbas region. It is also feared that the fresh assault will target the already heavily attacked port city of Mariupol, which could be used by Mr Putin to bring fresh arms into the country. However, sources who spoke to the Telegraph said the Russian miliary’s current stock levels were ‘pretty bad’, following Mr Putin’s failure to capture Ukraine as quickly as he had expected. The army is also understood to be running low on arms following five weeks of sustained bombardment of Ukrainian cities. As Russian troops have withdrawn from Kyiv they have left behind dozens of abandoned tanks. The T-72 battle tank is one of the Russian army’s main armoured vehicles but, parts for it are understood to be manufactured in Izyum, an eastern Ukrainian city that Mr Putin’s forces have failed to capture. Throughout the conflict, reports have circulated of Ukrainians capturing Russian tanks or taking out the armoured vehicles with drones. Open-source intelligence estimates suggest that Russia has lost at least 2,000 tanks and armoured vehicles, although true figures are suspected to be higher. It is also believed that Russia will be unable to restock its Kh-55 cruise missiles, which are launched from the air and have the ability to carry nuclear warheads, because they too rely on imported components. The Kh-55 is used by Russia, China and Iran, and uses an engine manufactured in Kharkiv, senior defence sources told The Telegraph. Western sanctions imposed on Russia mean Mr Putin is also unable to buy arms from France, which has supplied millions of pounds worth of equipment to Russia since the invasion of Crimea in 2014. While reports suggest Russia is running low on arms, Ukraine’s resources are being bolstered by its allies. To date, the UK has supplied almost 4,000 next-generation anti-tank weapons (NLAWs) and Javelin anti-tank systems, alongside anti-aircraft missiles. It has also been reported that the British designed Starstreak missile has been used by Ukrainian forces to shoot down a Russian helicopter. Starstreak is an advanced high-velocity missile that destroys targets using three laser-guided darts and was supplied to Ukraine by Britain in March. The Ministry of Defence has declined to comment on the reports. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.