Two British aid workers reportedly captured by Russian troops in Ukraine have been named. The non-profit organisation Presidium Network said Paul Urey, 45, and Dylan Healy, 20, were detained at a checkpoint south of Zaporizhzhia on Monday. They were said to have been working independently as part of a project in the besieged country to provide food, medical supplies, and evacuation support. Dominik Byrne, the organisation’s co-founder, said the men went missing after going into Russian-held territory where they were planning to help evacuate a woman. A statement from Mr Urey’s mother, Linda, released by the organisation, said: ‘My family and I are extremely worried ‘We know my son Paul and his friend who was a humanitarian aid volunteer in Ukraine has been captured by the Russians. ‘He was out there on his own accord. We want everyone’s support to bring my son home and pray he is safe. ‘My son Paul is also Type 1 Diabetic and needs his insulin. ‘We have asked the Presidium Network to help us and also the FCDO to help as well. We pray for him and hope he is safe.’ Ms Urey later told Sky news that her son going missing has been her ‘worst nightmare’. She said her son went back out to Ukraine about a week and a half ago after he’d come home for leave, adding: ‘I begged him not to because of … Russia’s bad.’ Ms Urey later added: ‘I said “please don’t go”. He said “Muma I can’t live with myself knowing people … need help to get to a safe place, I have to go. I would feel bad.”‘ On when she last spoke to him, she said: ‘I was on FaceTime with him up to 4am on Monday morning and that was it – gone.’ Ms Urey said her son messages and Facetimes her several times a day but now she is hearing ‘nothing’. ‘Something’s wrong – they’ve got him, definitely. He would contact me if he could and he can’t,’ she said. Asked how she was feeling, Ms Urey said: ‘Like I want to die, like I don’t know what to do any more. I don’t know. It’s horrible.’ She said she had been up since 3am watching the news and rewinding it again and again to make sure she has not missed anything. Asked what her son is like, she said: ‘Too caring, I wish he was a horrible person, to be honest. I know that sounds selfish but you don’t mess with the Russians. ‘He’s too kind. I know nothing and I just want them to give him back.’ The Foreign Office said earlier that it is urgently seeking more information following the reports of British nationals being detained in Ukraine. Mr Byrne said: ‘Basically what needs done is two things – we need to put pressure on the government to take this case seriously, and try, through their networks to verify this, but also to kind of help us find these people. ‘But also because I know diplomatic channels are completely broken down we use these tactics to find people by having it very public and putting pressure publicly on Russia to determine that they have got these two people and that they’re safe and well. ‘And we want to tell tell the Russians basically that these aren’t spies. These aren’t military people. These are just humanitarian workers who got caught in a bad situation.’ It comes after the death of a British military veteran in Ukraine. Tributes were paid to British military veteran Scott Sibley, reportedly fighting in support of Ukrainian forces, after the Foreign Office confirmed a British national has died in Ukraine and another is missing without identifying the pair. The families of both are being supported, a spokesman said, declining to give names or further details. Meanwhile, around 8,000 British Army troops are to take part in exercises across eastern Europe to combat Russian aggression in one of the largest deployments since the Cold War. Dozens of tanks will be deployed to countries ranging from Finland to North Macedonia this summer under plans that have been enhanced since the invasion of Ukraine. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said the ‘show of solidarity and strength’ will see UK service personnel joining with Nato allies and those from the Joint Expeditionary Force alliance, which includes Finland and Sweden, for the exercises. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.