Joe Joyce believes Anthon Joshua is now ‘letting his ego go’ and accused his heavyweight rival of leaking his ‘best bits’ of their now infamous sparring session. Joshua’s proposed world title rematch with Oleksandr Usyk looked in serious jeopardy last month following the heavyweight champion’s decision to return to Ukraine following the Russian invasion. While the fight is now back on, a number of fighters and promoters approached Joshua over an interim fight during that period of uncertainty, with Joyce, undefeated with 12 knockouts from his 13 victories, among them. The former Olympians who became friends in their Team GB days were involved in a wild social media spat in March with Joshua dismissing the threat of Joyce having beaten his rival inside one round back in their amateur days in 2011. The emergence of an edited, 40-second video showing the former IBF, WBO and WBA champion seemingly getting the better of Joyce in a sparring session added further fuel to the fire. Joyce, who is back in fight camp having recovered from a wrist injury suffered at the start of the year, has now lifted the lid on those old sparring sessions and reiterated his desire to settle an old score. ‘He leaked, or his team leaked, footage of sparring, all his best bits,’ Joyce told Metro.co.uk on behalf of FreeBets.com. ‘Some of the sparring I have seen out there is from when we were drilling certain things. He can only throw left hooks, he can only throw straight arm shots, you can only throw bent arm shots, certain scenarios like that. ‘I don’t know what is going with Joshua these days, I haven’t spoken to him or seen him in a long time. Something has gone to his head. He seems to be a lot more vocal on Twitter and I guess I kind of took the bait. ‘Let’s see what happens. I would love to fight him one day and one day soon I hope. Let’s see how he gets on with Usyk and then we will be in touch. ‘But if he loses to Uysk, I might think: ‘Why would I fight you?’ I want belts. He has already got the belts and lost them. I want to win the belts and keep them.’ Joshua was sat ringside as Joyce cruelly missed out on a gold medal at Rio de Janeiro 2016, declaring the Putney heavyweight the Olympic champion ‘in spirit’ after one of several hugely controversial decisions out in Brazil. When Joshua turned professional in 2013, he remained part of the Team GB picture up in Sheffield where his fight camps would be held, sparring with Joyce in the run up to his 2017 showdown with Wladimir Klitschko. With that in mind, the animosity between the two on social media came as a surprise somewhat, with Joshua laughing off Joyce as a threat and recalling their 2011 amateur contest that ended in a first round victory for the future world champion. But as time has passed, Joyce believes his rise to join the heavyweight elite has spooked his old rival.  ‘Over the years when I was on the Team GB squad, I wasn’t a threat to him. As a pro, he was always up here, and I was down there, so it was the case of catching up. Now we are on the same level,’ Joyce said. ‘Now he is seeing me as that threat. Some of his recent performances haven’t been so good – maybe he is not being as corporate and he is letting his ego go.’ ‘He has always thought that, because he got that early victory when I was a novice [in 2011]. I wasn’t quite ready for that, everything seemed to be stacked in his favour with that fight. ‘I had to box twice that night, he only had to box once after watching me. I was making mistakes to be fair, I had just fought a southpaw so I was walking onto a few right hands. I got a 10 count and before I knew it the fight was over, I didn’t even know the rules at that point! ‘For him to bring that up, [it shows] he has held onto that, beating me in one round. Now that I am a threat to him, he wants to make everyone aware that he knocked me out in a round.’ Joyce himself is on the brink of a world title shot, ranked no1 by the WBO and no2 with the WBC. All four world titles will be contested over the next three months with Dillian Whyte aiming to dethrone Tyson Fury this month with Usyk and Joshua expected to meet again before the end of June. Joyce’s camp held talks with former WBO champion Joseph Parker earlier this year and with the 36-year-old back in training and feeling strong after his wrist injury, his next move could be revealed very soon. ‘The wrist is feeling strong and sturdy, I’m hitting my PBs for this year and I’ve started throwing punches again at realistic force and speed so I’m going from strength to strength,’ Joyce said. ‘I’m throwing more combinations and I have picked up from where I left off. I’m at a good place, I just need to keep being careful and keep the healing process going. ‘It [the world title picture] is tricky right now. But there is a route in mind. I just need to fight a few names and wait for my opportunity. I have got to stay active, stay ready and carry on. I have a good picture of where things are heading. Me and the team have a route and a plan.’ MORE : Ricky Hatton: Oleksandr Usyk’s decision to return from Ukraine and fight Anthony Joshua is truly inspirational MORE : ‘Ain’t nothing changed! – Anthony Joshua insists he would beat Joe Joyce in one round if rivals fight this summer For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 