Dozen of people were killed after Russian rockets struck a railway station where people were evacuating. Two missiles struck a transport hub in the city of Kramatorsk, which is used by civilians fleeing the war torn east of Ukraine. Pictures from the scene show badly injured bodies scattered around the busy station. Regional governor Pavlo Kyrylenko said thousands of people were at the train station at the time of the strike. At least 39 people were killed and 87 wounded, regional governor Pavlo Kyrylenko said, updating an earlier estimate of 30 killed. In an online post, he said many of the wounded were in a serious condition. The smouldering rocket with the words ‘for our children’ in Russian daubed on the side was pictured closed to the station. There has been an exodus in recent days as Russia focuses its troops in eastern Ukraine ahead of an expected assault. Video footage from the station shortly before the attack showed civilians pressed close together waiting to board. Three trains carrying evacuees were blocked in the same region of Ukraine on Thursday after an air strike on the line, officials said. Others showed bloodies bodies stretched out next to abandoned suitcases and other belongings. The regional governor said on Telegram: ‘The ‘Rashists’ (‘Russian fascists’) knew very well where they were aiming and what they wanted: they wanted to sow panic and fear, they wanted to take as many civilians as possible.’ Pictures from station in recent days have showed platforms packed with people fleeing the Donetsk city. Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky shared images of the atrocity on social media with a message. He wrote: ‘Lacking the strength and courage to stand up to us on the battlefield, they are cynically destroying the civilian population. ‘This is an evil that has no limits. And if it is not punished, it will never stop.’ Ukraine’s government has encouraged people to leave after the Kremlin signalled it intends to annex the Donbas region after failing to conquer Kyiv. The Ministry of Defence and other Western governments believe Russia is in the process of patching up units withdrawn from the Kyiv region to send to the east. Pro-Kremlin forces have held parts of the region since 2014 but Ukrainian forces have prevented the region being annexed wholesale since the invasion began. Russia has tried to recast the goal of the war as the ‘liberation’ of the Donbas after failing to make gains elsewhere. The Kremlin has denied responsibility for the Kramatorsk attack via state media, while pro-Moscow groups in Donetsk have blamed Ukrainian forces. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.