It’s officially wedding season, and this year you might notice a few different trends at the nuptials you attend. It is set to be the biggest wedding season on record – with so many events postponed and cancelled due to the pandemic. People have some making up to do, so expect bigger and bolder celebrations than ever. But what are going to be the hottest looks for brides and bridesmaids? Which table dressings will the girls be fighting over? Which colour themes are you about to see all over your Instagram? Illy Goodall, of Illy Elizabeth Weddings is sharing her inside knowledge about which wedding trends are going to blow this year. There are an estimated 2.5 million weddings set to take place this year, according to The Wedding Report, so here is all you need to know on 2022’s wedding trends, according to Illy: The pantone colour for 2022 is a shade of blue which features violet undertones. ‘The peri colour is actually a colour that can calm the mind, perfect for post-Covid wedding stress,’ says Illy. ‘It gives us more of a summer feel to it, it also closely reminds me of lavender, which could be another reason we relate it so well to its calming influences. ‘When using a bold colour such as this within your wedding design, you want to add hints of it and pair this with other purple/blue tones. Keep neutral undertones to your floral palettes such as white to ensure it compliments your colour scheme.’ ‘The modern monochrome palette is still very popular for a lot of weddings this year,’ says Illy. She adds that you can’t really go wrong when you keep it simple like this. ‘Most modern venues or urban industrial venues will suit this perfectly, especially if you are adding décor details with black metals,’ she says. Illy says Anemones are one of the most popular flowers requested for this coming wedding season. ‘We are seeing many couples choose these in a lot of the winter months due to availability,’ she says. ‘Ranunculas, Lisianthus and Garden Roses are close behind, with many couples trying to source English flowers to support local flower farms. ‘We are seeing filler flowers becoming popular with Snapdragons, Queen Anne’s Lace and Wax Flowers.’ With many couples deciding to get married in 2022 with a short time frame before the wedding, Illy says it’s no surprise that virtual save the dates have been on an increase. ‘If you didn’t already know, there is actually a shortage of cards at this moment, so we are experiencing huge delays with stationers,’ she explains. ‘Couples need to get their dates out to ensure everything is reserved in time, so we are switching to online platforms for save the dates to get this out quickly whilst we wait for stationery to go to print. ‘It’s also eco-friendly so what’s not to love?’ ‘Many new businesses opened up during the pandemic, candles were definitely an area that we saw an increase in with regards to creativity,’ says Illy. She says candles that have bespoke shaping – such as twisting candles – have been featured in the likes of Liberty London. ‘Hand-painted contemporary candles are another popular style we’ve seen incorporated into wedding designs,’ she says. ‘Often these will contain scripting which can be personalised with your vows to make them completely bespoke.’ ‘Due to the high demand of wedding dresses this year, brides have turned to renting for their big day,’ says Illy. She says bridal designers can take anywhere from 6-9 months on a normal wedding year to create a gown, however this year with it being a busy season, we are looking at a longer lead time. ‘This isn’t ideal for couples that are only just booking to get married this year, so alternative options like renting your wedding dress is becoming very popular,’ she says. ‘Oh yes, the short hemlines are doing their rounds again, with 2022 expecting to see a large increase in these wedding dress designs,’ says Illy. ‘Many city weddings now taking place seem to be the reason behind the popularity, a little white dress is the perfect suited style for a luxury town hall wedding. ‘Big puff sleeves are also very popular with many brides opting for this modern style.’ With weekend dates being booked up, Illy says weekday weddings have seen a surge this year in popularity. ‘Couples are desperate to stop delaying their wedding plans any further so are opting for weekday weddings to ensure they can go ahead this year,’ she says. ‘Whilst some couples are increasing their budgets, a lot are reducing these and weekday weddings are a great way to do this. ‘Many venues will offer more competitive rates for weekday weddings.’ Due to the lack of availability with wedding venues this year, Illy says many couples have opted to get married at family homes, especially in the country – but you have to have the space. ‘We have seen a surge in marquee weddings as a result,’ she adds. ‘Country weddings are glorious in the summer, with stunning views and the option to create whatever wedding design concepts you so desire.’ ‘We are seeing an increase with fairy light canopies and backdrops this year,’ says Illy. ‘Adding a romantic ambience these work perfectly for evening reception setups. With wedding season moving into winter months, it will get darker earlier, so couples are using this as an alternative to light up their wedding venues.’ ‘Couples are always wanting the next new trend to stand out, with 2022 being overwhelmed with weddings, unusual reception table layouts are being requested to make things modern,’ she says. ‘Many wedding planners and stylists created some unique floorplans to work with keeping guests distanced during last year’s weddings. As a result, we are seeing S-shaped tables being a popular choice, as well as square tables and U-shapes.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Couple meet on weed lovers’ app and go from smoking buddies to getting married MORE : How does quitting social media actually help your mental health? MORE : The best square-neck wedding dresses right now – inspired by Nicola Peltz-Beckham