A fresh coat of paint can give a room, object or surface a new lease of life. But if you’re new to DIY, it can be difficult to know which paint to choose for certain projects. After all, there are so many different types – some offering distinct finishes, while others are suitable for various surfaces. So if you’re thinking about giving a room a fresh coat or paint but are unsure which paint to select, or perhaps you want to upcycle some furniture but aren’t certain if the paint will hold on the wood – fear not, an expert is on hand to help. Tobie Lewis, a senior brand manager at Valspar Paint, has shared some helpful things to remember, for any DIY beginner. ‘Picking a paint is much more than just deciding on a colour you like,’ he tells Metro.co.uk. ‘There are loads of different types of finishes that can have an added effect on your room. But if you’re not a pro decorator, it can be tricky to know the differences, and what the right choice is for you.’ Below is everything to know about the different types of paint on the market – and when to use them. Matt ‘Matt paint is essentially smooth and, unlike sheen, doesn’t reflect as much light and therefore isn’t shiny. It’s ideal if you’ve got an uneven wall covered in imperfections that you want to hide,’ says Tobie. Silk and soft sheen Tobie says that silk finishes are easy to clean and therefore well-suited for walls. ‘But note, they do reflect a small amount of light and can in turn highlight imperfections on your wall,’ he continues. ‘Soft sheen paint reflects the same amount of light as silk but is much more durable.’ Satin ‘Satin finishes are similar to silk but are more suitable for woodwork. Unlike silk, though, it hides imperfections and can make colours appear quite a bit softer,’ Tobie says. Eggshell ‘These finishes reflect small, delicate amounts of light just like, you guessed it, an eggshell,’ continues Tobie. He explains that eggshell paint typically withstands staining more than matt does. It’s also ideal for interior woods and works well on skirting boards. Gloss ‘Gloss is most commonly used on wood and metal as it reflects loads of light,’ says Tobie. ‘It works well for paler colours but should only really be used on perfectly smooth surfaces as the light reflections will show bumps and lumps.’ Smooth Smooth finishes stay smooth and generally won’t crack, flake or peel, explains Tobie. They are almost exclusively used in masonry paint and can therefore withstand harsh weather conditions. Masonry paint Masonry paint usually contains plastic or other ingredients that are designed to protect the outside of a property from the elements. Kitchen and bathroom paint Kitchen and bathroom paint products are generally more durable and mould-resistant, explains Tobie. They are also scrubbable and resistant to common household stains – which means the paint can endure the scuffs and knocks of daily living without compromising the colour or finish. Furniture paint ‘Furniture paint can be ideal for creating a statement with new or upcycled furniture,’ says Tobie. ‘Valspar’s Furniture Paint is suitable to use on bare and previously painted interior wood furniture, cupboards, drawers, shelving, melamine, PVC, glass and metal. ‘The tough, durable protective formula leaves your prized possessions looking better for longer. This dead flat matt sheen creates a contemporary matt finish for interior wood furniture, cupboards, drawers and shelving.’ Exterior paint Often these will have weather-proof, crack resistant formulas, that won’t flake or peel with time. Garden paint: Garden paints are ideal for painting pots, bricks, metal, garden furniture and more – and these offer weather-resistant coverage. ‘Laminate furniture is affordable, durable and easy to assemble. It’s also easy enough to upcycle and makeover. So you can give an old piece a new lease of life and do your bit for the environment,’  says Tobie. He has offered a guide below: Step 1: Prep ‘To get the best finish, you need to get the prep right. If you don’t, you might find that the paint peels, bubbles or easily rubs off, which is the last thing you want. Primer will help the paint stick and give you a long-lasting finish. It doesn’t have to be a specialist primer and a 2-in-1 paint and primer will work, too. ‘Before you can start painting or priming, you need to clean the furniture with sugar soap and wipe it down with water. This will remove dirt, grime and grease, giving you a really smooth and clean surface to paint. Remove any fixtures like handles and keep them safe. If there are parts of the furniture you don’t want to paint, protect it with tape. ‘Unlike masking tape, decorator’s tape doesn’t bleed so you’ll have crisp lines. Masking tape isn’t quite as effective, but if it’s positioned close to the edge, then your lines will still be neat.’ Step 2: Sand ‘After you’ve wiped off the sugar soap and left the surface to dry, you need to sand it. This roughens up the smooth surface and gives the paint something to stick to. ‘Use 120 grit sandpaper and go over the laminate surface, making sure you get into all the nooks and crannies. If you spot any damage to the wood, fix it with filler first, wait for that to dry, and smooth it out before you continue sanding.’ Step 3: Prime ‘If you’re using a paint that’s a 2-in-1 primer, you can skip this step. Otherwise, follow the instructions on your primer. Priming is really important with laminate furniture, so don’t jump straight to applying the paint as this will be a total waste of time. If the laminate has never been painted before, you will need to apply two coats of primer. ‘When the first coat of primer has dried, lightly sand it before applying the second coat. This will help cut down on brush strokes and help the primer stick. If you’re painting a piece of furniture that has intricate details, paint those parts last.’ Step 4: Paint ‘As soon as the last coat of primer is dry, sand it again. Now you’re ready for the first coat of paint. If you’re painting a piece that has panelling or intricate detail, start on the outside and work your way in, painting in a logical order. For big flat areas like the side of a wardrobe, use a roller for the best finish. ‘Follow the instructions on the paint, ensuring you sand between each coat. After you’ve applied the last coat, remove the tape while the paint is still wet. If you wait until the paint is dry, you might accidentally peel some of your hard work off. Once it’s dry, you can reattach handles or odds and ends.’ Tobie says painting a newly-plastered wall requires more preparation than painting a normal wall. This is because you can’t start painting new plaster directly. Instead, take steps to seal the plaster – so you can get the colourful finish you want. Step 1: Let the plaster dry Tobie says: ‘The very first thing you need to do when painting new plaster is to let it dry. A week should be long enough to let it completely dry out and for all damp patches to disappear. Once the plaster is dry it should be light with no dark spots and a consistent colour and appearance throughout. ‘Your plaster will dry quicker with a heater or if you open a window. If you try to apply paint to wet plaster this can cause adhesion problems. Applying emulsion to wet plaster also means that it may not bond properly and you could find that it peels off your wall. ‘Painting on dried plaster can also cause the paint to dry very fast, leaving you with irregular brush strokes and an uneven finish. So to combat this, you need to apply a mist coat. ‘While the plaster is drying, put down dust sheets and use your tape to protect any fixtures and fittings – applying a mist coat can be pretty messy.’ Step 2: Mix a mist coat ‘A mist coat is made of watered-down emulsion paint and acts as a primer. The extra moisture gives the wall something to absorb so your topcoat should stick. Alternatively, you can use a water-based primer, which saves you the mess of making a mist coat. ‘To make a mist coat, mix three parts emulsion with one part water. You should always check the paint tin for the manufacturer’s instructions as ratios can vary. You don’t have to use exactly the same paint you’ve chosen for the final topcoat but you should use a similar colour for an even finish. The mist coat will be completely mixed together when the water isn’t settling on the surface of the emulsion.’ Step 3: Apply the mist coat and let it dry ‘There are two different ways you can apply the mist coat. If you choose to use a roller, you’ll cover the wall much quicker but it will be very messy as rollers can splatter paint very easily. Alternatively, a paintbrush will take much longer but you shouldn’t have as many drips to deal with. ‘However, you choose to apply the coat, work in smooth upward motions until you cover the entire wall. The mist coat is very runny so whenever you spot drips or streaks, paint over them quickly to prevent them from drying and ruining your perfect finish.’ Step 4: Apply the topcoat ‘As soon as your mist coat has dried you can decorate normally. There’s no need to sand down the wall as you’ve already done all the prep, so this bit is easy. Apply the topcoat in a V-motion for even coverage. For the best results, you may need to apply more than one coat.’ Steph 1: Degrease the glass Tobie adds: ‘Use sugar soap and a cloth to clean the glass. This is a fantastic degreaser and gets rid of all grime and dirt, whether you can see it or not. Then rinse off the sugar soap with clean water and wipe dry with a clean cloth. Step 2: Lightly sand the glass ‘Use 240 grit sandpaper to rub down the glass and create a rough surface for the paint to stick to better. Quickly and lightly do this by hand. Wipe down with a damp cloth to get rid of the dust and let it dry. If you’re going to create a pattern, like stripes, now is the time to mark off sections with decorator’s tape. Another way to create a pattern is to paint a base colour, pencil on the design and then paint over it with a different colour.’ Step 3: Paint the glass ‘If you’re using a different paint, check to see if you first need to apply a primer. You can use a roller or paintbrush to paint glass. A roller is best for flat surfaces, like windows, and brushes are great for intricate detail or smaller glass. When using a brush, paint in one direction; try not to go over the same spot too often, or the paint will spread thinly. ‘Check the coverage to see if it needs a second coat; if it does, wait for 2 to 4 hours for the first coat to dry. Lightly sand and wipe down the dust before applying the second coat of paint. If you’ve used decorator’s tape, peel it off while the paint is still wet.’ Tobie says depending on what metal surface you’re painting, it may already have a powder or primer coat so check that first. If this is the case, he says you can you can skip ahead to step five. Step 1: Remove old paint Tobie explains: ‘Lay down a dust sheet and put on a mask and goggles to protect yourself from dust. To help you get the best finish on your metal surface, you need to get rid of blistering, flaking or bubbling paint. Use a flat scraper to remove the old paint so the surface is smooth. ‘If it’s a large surface, for example a metal garage door, use a piece of 180 grit sandpaper and quickly rub down the surface – and do the same to the edges. Step 2: Clean the surface ‘Use a sugar soap solution and sponge to clean the object, and remove accumulated grease and dirt if there is any. Clean around the edges so you have a smooth surface ready for painting. Let the object/surface dry. Step 3: Protect fixtures ‘Use masking or decorator’s tape to protect potential handles, decorative areas or any other section of the item that you don’t want to get paint on. Step 4: Apply metal primer ‘Position the object so you can easily access the sides and edges. Apply a metal primer here first and let it dry. Depending on the size of the object, apply the primer with a paint brush or roller. If you’re painting a large door, for the best results, paint the front of the door from top to bottom. Use an up and down motion to get into every nook and cranny. Let the primer dry. Step 5: Apply the first coat of paint ‘Paint the item in the same order as the primer for your topcoat. Once you’ve covered the entire surface, take a look to see if it needs a second coat. When you’re happy with the colour and coverage, remove the tape from the handles/fixtures while the paint is still wet. All that’s left to do then is let the paint completely dry.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to put up DIY floating shelves MORE : Woman transforms 1980s bungalow into chic haven with budget DIY hacks MORE : An expert guide to painting your fridge – the latest TikTok DIY trend