The Metropolitan Police has lost its bid to appeal a High Court ruling against its handling of a planned vigil for Sarah Everard in the wake of her murder. The force had sought to overturn the decision that it breached the organisers’ rights by threatening them with £10,000 fines and prosecution for Covid breaches. Judges refused their request as ‘none of the grounds of appeal has a reasonable chance of success, and there is no other compelling reason for an appeal to be heard’. Lord Justice Warby and Justice Holgate blasted the Met for putting forward a ‘selective and misleading analysis’ of its ruling and said the force failed to put forward ‘any clear or tenable argument’ against it. Its arguments for an appeal ‘lacked coherence’ in parts and repeatedly made ‘hopeless attempts to challenge reasoned factual conclusions’, they added. The Met was accused of ‘wasting public money’ by Reclaim These Streets, who were forced to cancel their carefully coordinated, socially distanced vigil due the force’s threats. Alarming scenes emerged when hundreds of protesters arrived at Clapham Common, in south London, regardless, with some arrested and pinned to the ground. Claimants Jessica Leigh, Anna Birley, Henna Shah and Jamie Klingler won their case that the police’s actions amounted to a breach of freedom of speech, and that the Met’s commanders did not assess the potential risk to public health. Following Monday’s decision, Ms Birley told Metro.co.uk: ‘I’m so pleased that the courts agree with us that the police’s application to appeal was totally hopeless. ‘The judgement was very clear that the way the police treated us last March was wrong and it’s astonishing that they thought they’d get a different response by digging in their heels. ‘Now, instead of wasting public money on a pointless battle against women’s rights to protest I hope they’ll invest in measures to tackle misogyny and male violence.’ The Metropolitan Police did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.