Erik ten Hag stunned Manchester United’s hierarchy in a no-holds-barred interview in which he demanded an overhaul behind-the-scenes before committing to the club. The Dutchman is believed to have verbally agreed a three-year contract with the Red Devils – with the option of a fourth – though will not be officially announced until after the Dutch Cup final with United keen to avoid disrupting Ajax’s season. Ten Hag had multiple interviews with club officials in Amsterdam last month and impressed greatly, though he was also incredibly forthright in his opinions. According to The Sun, football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher flew back to Manchester ‘in complete shock’ after Ten Hag outlined everything he feels is wrong with the club. In a brutal dressing down of how the club is run, Ten Hag ‘ripped United’s set-up apart’ with the majority of his ire aimed at the club’s scouting and recruitment policy. Far from looking to please his potential new employers, the 52-year-old savaged their recent approach to transfers and demanded changes. There had been reports that Ten Hag was demanding full control over all dealings at United, but he still intends to be a coach first and foremost and was simply outlining the mistakes he felt had been made over the past decade – and which he wants to avoid repeating. Ten Hag’s interview was so eye-opening, Murtough and Fletcher left with the impression that they had been the ones scrutinised – not the other way around. After mulling over the Dutchman’s comments, United’s hierarchy ultimately decided that his passion, vision for the club and frank assessment of their shortcomings was exactly what was required to turn things around at Old Trafford. Chief executive Richard Arnold subsequently flew out to Amsterdam for his own one-on-one meeting with the Ajax boss and determined that Ten Hag was the man he wanted to shake things up behind the scenes. Crucially, the incoming new manager does not want full control but instead highlighted a series of issues that need to be fixed and expects the club and the existing staff to deal with it. United have spent around £1billion on new players since Sir Alex Ferguson retired, recently recruiting a number of expensive and in some cases over-the-hill flops, and Ten Hag is believed to want to redefine the profile of player United are targeting – for example players under the age of 23 who fit his style of play. MORE : Former Manchester United coach Kieran McKenna lauds ‘fantastic’ Erik ten Hag ahead of looming appointment MORE : Incoming Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag to consider signing Juventus defender Matthijs de Ligt For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 