The Grammy Awards 2022 went off without a hitch for the most part, making for a much smoother affair than the Oscars last weekend. Taking place at Las Vegas’ MGM Grand Garden Arena, this year’s Grammys boasted a star-studded guestlist with the likes of Justin Bieber, Lady Gaga, BTS and Dua Lipa in attendance. Comedian Trevor Noah took charge of hosting this year’s awards solo and used his opening monologue as an opportunity to address the elephant in the room – that being Will Smith slapping Chris Rock at the Oscars. The Daily Show host quipped: ‘It is going to be such a beautiful evening. Don’t even think of it as an award show, this is a concert where we’re giving out awards. ‘We’re going to be listening to some music, we’re going dancing, we’re going to be singing, we’re going to be keeping people’s names out of our mouths.’ It was a direct reference to the moment Smith repeatedly shouted at Rock from his seat to ‘keep my wife’s name out your f*****g mouth’. The Grammys managed to avoid a similar scandal but it did feature a couple of small mishaps. K-pop superstars BTS delivered a slick performance of their hit song Butter, but singers J-Hope and Jungkook suffered falls and slips on-stage. However, they managed to quickly recover in both instances winning praise and support from fans who branded them professionals. And let’s be honest, most people are talking about Olivia Rodrigo’s surprise cameo during their performance, and are still trying to work out exactly what Jungkook whispered in her ear. Other performances came from Bieber, who entertained with his monster hit Peaches, while Lady Gaga sang one of her duets with Tony Bennett from their latest album Love for Sale. Rodrigo belted out her hit single Drivers Licence, while rap legend Nas performed a medley of his biggest hits. Lil Nas X treated the audience to a performance of several tracks, including Industry Baby and Montero (Call Me By Your Name), as images of tweets and news clips referencing the controversy surrounding his music appeared on the big screens. There were also poignant moments too with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky making a surprise appearance via video link, in which he gave a powerful speech about the ongoing Russian invasion. The in memoriam segment also began with a special tribute to Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins, who died suddenly last week at the age of 50. As for the awards, Silk Sonic duo Bruno Mars and Anderson Paak swept the board winning in all four of the categories they were nominated in, including song of the year and record of the year for Leave The Door Open. Jon Batiste proved to be the underdog, beating the likes of Kanye West, Taylor Swift and Justin Bieber to win album of the year for We Are. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Grammys 2022: Halsey leaves awards early due to ‘not feeling super well’ after surgery MORE : Grammys 2022: BTS stars J-Hope and Jungkook suffer falls during performance but fans praise ‘professional’ recovery 