Businesswoman Jay Brewerton was travelling on the train from her home in East Sussex to London in January 2017 when she received a phone call that made her blood run cold. Her seven-year-old autistic son, Isaias, was missing after running away from his primary school. ‘I felt fear and sickness,’ she recalls. ‘Anyone could have grabbed him, someone could have pulled him inside their house. Anything could have happened to him.’ Back in Jay’s hometown of Bexhill-on-Sea, a major manhunt was underway. More than 100 police officers were drafted in from across the Sussex Force to search for the frightened boy, with sniffer dogs probing the undergrowth as the police helicopter circled above. Several hours after the alarm had been raised, a policeman discovered a stressed and exhausted Isaias at home, curled up in a ball behind a wardrobe, much to Jay’s relief. ‘I sat on the floor and rocked and hugged him, he was non-verbal, traumatised, and distressed,’ she remembers. But this wasn’t the first time Isaias had run from school. Or the second or even the third time. According to Jay, this was the 82nd time in 15 months that he had bolted, prompted by his anxiety spiralling out of control. Even though she knew he was always heading for home, it didn’t make it any easier. ‘I felt terrified,’ she admits. ‘I knew his capabilities of running without stopping or thinking about potential dangers such as traffic.’ For a long time Jay had known that a mainstream school wasn’t the right place for her son. By the time he’d made this latest escape, she had already spent three years battling the Local Education Authority (LEA) for an Education, Health and Care Plan (EHCP), that would see Isaias moved to a special school. One that could cater for his educational and social needs. Following this latest police search, Isaias’ school agreed that they weren’t the best place for him and asked the family to remove the child. Shockingly, it would then take another three years – out of any sort of formal education – before the family would find a school that was right for Isaias. Jay says that a combination of money, red tape and lack of understanding were the root cause of the hold up – and it was a delay that ultimately cost the boy seven years of learning. In England, local authorities give primary schools in the region of £4,000 per pupil. The Department for Education says that for children who need additional help with Special Educational Needs (SEN) schools can have £6,000. But if a child with SEN requires extra support costing £10,000 or more, an EHCP is required, so it can help identify and support a child’s educational, health and social needs. For the academic year 2020/21, 325,600 pupils in England had an EHCP – up more than 30,000 from the previous year. But obtaining an EHCP is often easier said than done. In January 2021, according to support group Special Needs Jungle, 5,600 children and young people with EHCPs were listed as ‘awaiting provision’, with some waiting months, even years, to get the education that they are entitled to. As a result, many autistic children like Isaias are falling through the cracks and missing out on vital schooling, potentially storing up more problems for the future. ‘Children with autism can present differently because it affects children and young people in a range of ways,’ explains Dr Michele C McDowell, an Educational and Child Psychologist. ‘Those with ASD are more likely to develop mental health problems, so it’s very important that they are provided with strategies and support to manage areas of difficulty. In the worst scenarios difficulties in accessing appropriate support for children with ASD can lead to both short and long-term problems; such as low educational achievements, poor self-concept, ongoing social communication difficulties and a higher risk of mental health difficulties.’ Isaias was diagnosed with atypical autism and sensory processing disorder, a condition that affects how the brain processes sensory information, at 17 months. He was later diagnosed with pathological demand avoidance syndrome, meaning he goes to extreme lengths to avoid everyday demands and experiences high levels of anxiety, and oppositional defiance disorder, which causes Isaias to become aggressive and even violent towards his parents and siblings. ‘As a baby, if you kissed him on the cheek, he would wipe it away,’ remembers Jay. ‘When getting him dressed, the second you put his arm in a sleeve it was like it had disappeared. ‘He hated clothing, hated being touched. He would not jump in puddles and couldn’t cope with rain, snow, cold, heat, everyday noises and sounds – all sensory processing issues.’ Recalling how she felt when Isaias was first diagnosed, Jay says: ‘Like any parent when their child is told they have a lifelong condition, you are shocked and overwhelmed. I was worried for his future, especially as at the time I knew so little about autism, only the stereotypical traits you see in films and TV. ‘The learning curve is steep. I read everything, but you eventually realise everything is manageable when your child is in the right environment.’ Isaias was at nursery when it was first suggested he would need a Statement of Educational Needs (SEN) for when he started school. However, it never got actioned. The family’s LEA, East Sussex County Council, was going through a pilot scheme trialling ECHPs rather than SENs, which meant that Isaias went to school with nothing prepared. He then spent the next three years waiting for an assessment. ‘During the first year, even the second, I had hope, I trusted and believed in the system,’ remembers Jay. ‘We are good parents, our child had a diagnosis, but the delays were due to the system, which I believed was just overstretched. We were constantly told the waiting list was nine to 18 months. ‘By the third year, you the feel abandonment, the neglect… the lack of care of potential in your child. ‘The system is designed to fail your child because for each year no support is provided it is a whole year of financial costs saved in multiple county council budgets, and that’s all that matters.’ Although Isaias finally had his EHCP granted in 2017 and was offered places at four different special schools, the council refused to approve LEA funding, insisting the mainstream school he’d been at was ‘capable of meeting his needs’ and refused to take him off the register – despite the fact that school had asked him not to return. ‘The whole system is rotten,’ says Jay, a single parent, who manages her own business. During his three years out of education, she and Isaias’ father did their best to educate their son. However, with behavioural issues making it difficult for him to engage, the pair found it incredibly difficult. ‘We both struggled to teach him to read, or write, as he could not remember the same word from one page to the next, he struggled with font recognition,’ she recalls. Hayley Harding’s son, Matthew, is also autistic. She says she was forced to delay his entry to primary school after he was turned down for an EHCP assessment by Sutton Council, despite a number of schools explicitly stating that they could not meet his needs. ‘It was very clear from his preschool that he could not cope in mainstream,’ she explains. ‘He couldn’t concentrate for long, his body was weak from the hypermobility, he couldn’t pick up a pencil for longer than 10 seconds, and his language was severely behind.’ Fearing that her son would not manage if his needs weren’t met, Hayley arranged for him to stay at preschool for longer, while she challenged the LEA’s decision not to carry out an assessment. ‘It was just to help him, so he had somewhere to go. But obviously that was not full-time education, just a few hours.’ Hayley said it felt as if her son had been ‘rejected’, adding: ‘It was as if all the other children were ‘good enough’ but he wasn’t. He had his preschool graduation in the July and I couldn’t stop crying throughout the whole of it. He is a lovely little boy who didn’t deserve the way he was being treated and I felt completely powerless to change it for him.’ When September rolled around, it proved a confusing and upsetting time for young cricket fanatic Matthew. ‘He wasn’t fully aware of what was happening but on the first day of school in the September he couldn’t understand why his friends were having pictures taken outside their door in their school uniform and he didn’t have new clothes or was going to a new school,’ says Hayley. ‘We took a picture anyway so he didn’t feel left out but it felt so unfair. It was the first time that he himself was made to feel different at just four-years-old.’ After 10 months of battling the LEA, Matthew was finally placed in a special base for autistic children, attached to a mainstream school, where he is thriving. But the whole experience had a devastating effect on Hayley. ‘It’s the one area you’re so powerless as a parent,’ she says. ‘Your children’s life is in someone else’s hands. I lost a stone in weight and ended up having counselling. ‘It’s very frightening to be told your child would be going into a situation which you know would damage them.’ Following her experience, in September last year Hayley co-founded the Let Us Learn Too campaign, which sent a heartfelt letter to the Prime Minister urging the government to invest in inclusion and early support, and, crucially, not to weaken the rights of disabled children and young people. The campaign had the backing of various organisations including the National Autistic Society, Down’s Syndrome Association, National Deaf Children’s Society and Tourettes Action. ‘There seemed to be no voice representing us so we decided we wanted to be the voice,’ she explains. ‘We ended up with 11,000 signatures, which was amazing.’ And following a government launched SEND Review in 2019, it was finally announced this week that there would be ‘ambitious reform’ for children and young people with special educational needs and disabilities. This includes simplifying the EHCP process, cutting through the red tape and ending the ‘postcode lottery’ of provision. A 13-week public consultation has been launched. Speaking about the new Green Paper, Education Secretary, Nadhim Zahawi, said: ‘Every child has the right to excellent education – particularly those with special educational needs and disabilities, who often need the most support. ‘We are launching this consultation because too often this isn’t the case. We want to end the postcode lottery of uncertainty and poor accountability that exists for too many families, boost confidence in the system across the board and increase local mainstream and specialist education to give parents better choice.’ However, Hayley admits she still has concerns. ‘The National Network of Parent Carers were on the board (of the review), which is a positive, but we still have massive worries that the people who have to reap the results of whatever happens are not there. ‘Things are so bad, we need to let everybody know how bad it is.’ Mum-of-three Mandy Smith knows how bad it can get. She was signed off from her NHS secretary job for seven months due to stress, after having to deal with the EHCP process. ‘The experience has been overwhelming,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. ‘It was such a stressful time for our whole family.’ Mandy’s son was diagnosed with autism and sensory processing difficulties in 2017. Although she asked for an EHCP assessment in 2018 when he was seven, her request was turned down and an 18-month battle followed. ‘We applied for mediation with the local council. The meeting was one of the most stressful experiences that I have ever had,’ she recalls.’ As parents we had to put our case forward to the council and argue why we felt our child needed an EHC assessment.  We are parents, not professionals, so it was really nerve-wracking and upsetting at the thought of letting my child down. ‘I couldn’t wait to be a mum,’ Mandy adds. ‘But what I never expected was to have to learn the law in order to ensure that my child received a full-time education just like his peers.’ In the end, the family ended up paying £2,000 for reports from a private educational psychologist and speech therapist before a tribunal ruled in the family’s favour. But that wasn’t the only cost, as the ordeal also took an emotional toll on family life. ‘All we talked about was the process – replying to emails, filling out documents – it just consumed us,’ recalls Mandy. ‘It took valuable quality time away from us as a family. I spent hours and hours on the computer filling out documents, reading, researching and it was time I could have spent with my child.’ Mandy’s son now receives one-to-one support at his mainstream school, with a teaching assistant helping him with extra work, as well as supporting him with his language and helping him to understand and communicate with his classmates. ‘She’s wonderful and they get each other’s sense of humour,’ says Mandy. ‘He enjoys going to school.’ Since her experience, she now runs the Liverpool SEND Crisis Group – a wider part of the SEND Crisis Network – which provides much-needed support to parents who are navigating the process. ‘I understand the process now and I try to help other parents by sharing the knowledge,’ she says. ‘It’s only other parents and social media support groups which got us through it. ‘There are lots of other parents out there who face the same struggles and it’s good to know you’re not alone.’ As for Jay, she was relieved when Isaias reached the end of what would have been his final year of primary school in 2019. Finally taken off the roll, East Sussex County Council agreed to fund a place at one of the special schools which had offered Isaias a place previously. Now 12, Isaias is thriving, says Jay, describing him as ‘a different child’ after being properly supported at a local special needs school. She adds: ‘They are just amazing. We couldn’t even get him to stand in a puddle but now they have him diving into the pool. He’s got certificates for his achievements, when a couple of years ago he couldn’t read or write. ‘But he still lost seven years of education because of East Sussex County Council.’ Today is World Autism Day, for help and support in the UK visit the National Autistic Society here. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Claie.Wilson@metro.co.uk Share your views in the comments below. MORE : The Big Questions: Christine McGuinness on autism and parenting MORE : Woman with ADHD and autism sees her conditions as ‘superpowers’ MORE : School strapped autistic twins to their chairs by legs, arms and shoulders to stop them moving