This is the heartwarming moment a lonely pup born with wonky legs finds a furrever friend. Abby, a male, six-month-old black puppy from Chandigarh in northern India, has found his best friend, Glitter, who is deaf, after several rejections from senior dogs. The two love to play and run around the ground. They are inseparable and can regularly be spotted having a cuddle. But it wasn’t easy for Abby, an Indian mix breed, to make friends at first. He was found tied to a pole on a roadside last month, and was in such a sorry state he couldn’t even walk. Abby was rescued by Yogita Kumari, 26, an architect student who helps rescue and spay dogs and cats. She took him in right away – and with love and care, helped him not just stand steady, but also run. Yogita said: ‘The people who were looking after him said they cannot take care of him and his medical condition. We brought him home to give him proper treatment, love and care. ‘The first day we brought him home he was unable to walk even 100 metres, used to drag himself and lie down on the road. ‘Now he runs as swiftly.’ The condition Abby has, carpal laxity syndrome, causes his legs to bend inwards, which means he can struggle with weakness and slowness. Yogita says a lot of dogs did not accept him initially due to his differences, having no patience and refusing to play with him. However, Abby won Glitter’s heart with his loving and amusing attitude. Yogita said: ‘All the dogs around are grown up, they had no patience for a puppy who had no idea of how to play. Abby tried so hard but in the end they just all ran away from him. ‘He then found a friend in Glitter, a special needs dog, and the two of them hit it off as soon as they met. ‘They just couldn’t stop playing and he for the first time had so much fun. He was so happy that day.’ And while Abby and Glitter live in separate houses, Yogita says the two wait desperately to meet and play every day. She added: ‘As soon as they meet their eyes light up – and nothing makes them happier than each other’s company.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk.