Rishi Sunak has ordered an inquiry to find out who leaked details of his wife’s tax status to the media, reports say. Akshata Murty dramatically announced she would pay UK taxes on her worldwide income following a political storm over her being a ‘non-dom’ for tax purposes. Labour accused Mr Sunak of hypocrisy, saying his family had potentially saved tens of millions of pounds as a result of the arrangement while he was putting up taxes for millions of others. Sky News are now reporting the Chancellor personally ordered the review, with a close source revealing it will be made ‘with a view to potential criminal prosecutions’, as it is a crime to leak someone’s tax status. Mr Sunak’s team is said to believe it is a Labour supporting official dubbed ‘red throat’ who shared the information with The Independent newspaper, according to The Sunday Times. A senior Government official reportedly said: ‘There’s going to be a full Cabinet Office and HM Treasury investigation into who had that information and if anyone has requested that information. ‘Divulging the tax status of a private individual is a criminal offence.’ Some experts have estimated Ms Murty, who remains an Indian citizen, has saved £20 million as a result of not having to pay taxes on her shares in Infosys, an Indian IT company founded by her billionaire father. The disclosure saw Mr Sunak’s approval ratings take another hit after he was criticised for not doing enough to support families struggling with the cost-of-living crisis in last month’s Spring Statement. A poll found his approval rating dropped by three points since late March to 28%, while his disapproval rating rose by eight points to 43% giving him a net rating of -15 (minus 15). It has led to questioning among Tory MPs as to whether the Chancellor – long seen as a potential successor to Boris Johnson – has the political judgment needed for the top job. Meanwhile sources close to Mr Sunak played down reports he was moving his wife and two daughters out of Downing Street to escape the glare of the media. It follows pictures of removal vans arriving in the street on Saturday to take their belongings away. One source said however they had always intended to spend more time in their west London home as their elder daughter, Krishna, entered her final term of primary school before moving on to secondary school. Mr Sunak is expected to stay in Downing Street during the week while joining them at weekends. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.