Jeremy Clarkson has opened up about his weight loss efforts, after realising that none of his shirts ‘fit any longer’. The Grand Tour host, 62, took matters into his own hands to overhaul his lifestyle after realising that his daily walks – some which are seven or eight miles long – weren’t ‘doing much good. Instead, he installed a make-shift gym in his garden room, with ‘very elegant’ equipment, and got a gym instructor on board to help his transformation plans. Speaking in his column, he wrote: ‘The fact is that none of the shirts in my wardrobe fits any longer, I can barely do up my shoelaces and the only reason I don’t drink more is that I become breathless and sweaty every time I operate a corkscrew. ‘Plus, to get out of the bath I have to roll over onto my front and be driven by a risk of drowning onto my hands and knees. This is the only starting point from which I can successfully stand up. ‘After three minutes on the bicycle my thighs hurt and my heart was like that baby alien in John Hurt’s chest. There was a very real sense that it might actually burst out of my ribcage at any moment. Small wonder the cyclists you see on the road are always in such a bad temper. The poor souls are in agony. I know I was. And that was just to “loosen me up-up-up-up!”. ‘Only half an hour had passed when I caught sight of myself in the mirror, but I’d done so much I figured I’d look like Willem Dafoe. I didn’t. What I actually looked like was someone who was very close to dying. My face was grey, and I was soaked with sweat so comprehensively, I looked like the joke entry in a wet T-shirt competition.’ Who would’ve known Jeremy’s workout sessions would be so relatable? Barring the private home gym, of course… But he isn’t about to let his sweaty routine, and feeling ‘weary’ get in the way of his weight loss, as he vowed to keep going at some point. ‘People who do this sort of thing for fun say that if you really push your body, you are rewarded with a euphoric high that’s better than any drug. But I just felt terribly weary. And I neither looked nor felt any better than I had done when the session started. Apparently this means I’m going to have to do it again at some point,’ he concluded in the Times. Aside from the health kick, Jeremy confirmed that we’ll be seeing much more of him our screens. The car enthusiast – who is also preparing for a return of Clarkson’s Farm – has reunited with Richard Hammond and James May for new episodes of The Grand Tour. The trio have been struggling to film over the last two years due to the global pandemic, meaning that some worldwide segments and plans were put on hold. But they confirmed that they are finally back working on new instalments, after it was previously revealed a Scandinavian special was on the cards. After plans for a Russia special were shelved months ago, the former Top Gear stars are thought to be filming in Norway for their latest adventure – which will hopefully land on the platform soon. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Peter Kay has audience in stitches with ‘wedding joke’ after returning to stage with comedy tour MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: Simon Cowell reveals dog plummeted off stage during audition 