Alison Hammond has revealed that she was ‘so slated’ for ‘not respecting royalty’ after yelling at Meghan Markle in 2017. The This Morning presenter had been live on air reporting on the Duchess of Sussex and Prince Harry’s first royal outing to mark World Aids Day, and was trying, unsuccessfully, to capture the attention of the couple. Admitting to fellow ITV presenter Lorraine Kelly that she got in ‘so much trouble’ over the incident, Alison recalled the hilarious moment when she was swerved by Prince Harry and avoided by his new wife as she yelled ‘Megs!’ Speaking on the What if? podcast, hosted by Lorraine and her daughter Rosie, Lorraine began by saying how much she loved how excitable Alison was. ‘I love that about you, you know that thing where Meghan waved at you when you were shouting at her – not shouting at her…’ she corrected herself. Alison added: ‘Oh God, I got so slated for that you know? ‘I got in so much trouble, so many people were saying that I didn’t respect royalty at the time. I was like, “Oh my God”.’ She admitted that her reaction was due to the excitement of the situation, saying: ‘Everyone was willing me on and I remember hearing Ruth [Langford’s] voice in my ears saying, “Go on Alison, get in there!” ‘So I got really excited and I got really involved! I was in the moment!’ Although Prince Harry clearly swerved Alison, Meghan managed a smile at the presenter. In the original clip, Alison can be heard trying her best to gain Prince Harry’s attention, with Ruth urging: ‘Go on Alison, go for it,’ and gently reminding Alison to use the term ‘Prince Harry’ rather than Alison’s colloquial ‘Harry’ and ‘Megs’. ‘Harry, come and get warmed up by me,’ Alison jokingly shouted at him, before he avoided her microphone and walked right past, to which Alison responded on-air: ‘He curve-balled me!’ At one point, after Alison had been screaming ‘Megs’ for a while, Ruth even joked: ‘Alison don’t get arrested, whatever you do!’ Sat next to Ruth in the studio, Eamonn Holmes added: ‘It’s just marvellous, seeing all the royal formality and protocol being observed there by our royal correspondent Alison Hammond today.’ Lorraine reminded Alison that while the situation was amusing at the time, there was a moment when Meghan had responded: ‘She turned around, and she smiled at you, and went “Hi”, which was lovely! ‘It was a really, really nice moment.’ At the time, however, viewers weren’t keen on the touching interaction, with many taking to social media to slam Alison for being disrespectful. ‘I’m not a royalist but I think it’s disrespectful for Alison Hammond to be shouting ‘Megs’ like a fishwife at the soon to be royal,’ one wrote, while another added: ‘Alison Hammond bellowing at the royal family like a mad teenage fangirl-one of the most cringe worthy bits of tv I’ve ever seen.’ This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Alison Hammond accepts she might ‘die a little bit sooner’ due to weight but still boasts: ‘I’m going to have a fantastic life’ MORE : This Morning’s Alison Hammond proudly poses alongside son in rare TV appearance: ‘I’ve got my baby here!’ 