May is here and spring is in full swing (despite the chill still in the air). So what can you expect from this new month? Your tarot horoscope is here to help guide you through the next few weeks. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ tarotscopes for the month of May. Each star sign has three tarot cards drawn, with a breakdown of what this means for the time ahead. Virgo, for example, should plan for a new beginning, a fresh start, while May for Scorpios needs to be all about rest and recuperation. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 Tarot cards for Aries for May: King of Coins, Ace of Cups, The Hierophant Meaning: Relationships review. You are truly re-evaluating your relationships, on every level, from every angle, in a more emotional and wise manner than ever before. You are, with The Hierophant, looking to surround yourself with people who make you better, who are uplifting, kind, compassionate and inspiring. We are the sum of our five closest people… are they who you want to be like? The King of Coins reveals this is a pragmatic exercise. You understand this insight about ‘you are who you know’ and you’re reflecting and acting on it. It doesn’t feel mean-spirited or negative, this is a positive step. You are making changes thoughtfully and rationally. The Ace of Cups sees you bringing new people into your world and drawing different people closer to you. This review is going to have an amazing impact on you. I salute your wisdom, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot cards for Taurus for May: Page of Coins, Two of Wands, Six of Cups Meaning: The past has answers. You have been drifting, with the meh Two of Wands, in an area of your life where you know, deep down, things need to change but you feel uninspired and unsure how to go about that. So, it’s all just drifting along for now. The Page of Coins and Six of Cups combine forces to reveal that, in order to go forwards, you need to initially go backwards. Look to your past for answers or inspiration. Look back at where you’ve had success and joy before, what was once your be all and end all, what ambitions used to stir you. Something from the past can solve this riddle now. Something wants to be resurrected and restored, in a new guise, and proves to be the answer to the drift. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot cards for Gemini for May: Page of Swords, Page of Wands, The Magician Meaning: Creative unbounded. The Magician is one of your tarot cards, representing your sign, as well as being a totem of the best of your sign’s traits: creativity and innovation. You have a sharp, fast, clever mind, and you love to invent and innovate. A blank sheet of paper doesn’t faze you at all. Now is a time to invent! The Pages of Swords and Wands bring intellect, insight, logic, creative spark, passion, and joy to this process. You are going to love creating something new, and it’s going to be lucrative or rewarding for you, so this is a worthwhile investment of time, energy and passion. Let your imagination run wild. Let your thoughts flow. Create. This is you at your best, Gemini. What you make now could be a life-changing enterprise, so go at it with 100% energy. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot cards for Cancer for May: Justice, Ten of Cups, Seven of Coins Meaning: Forgive and forget You are a champion when it comes to holding grudges. You are more in the business of ‘once bitten, twice shy’ than ‘forgive and forget’. Fair enough. But something is shifting. The Seven of Coins and Justice show that a long-held opinion or position about someone, which was negative, is turning a corner. Perhaps time has healed the wound now. Perhaps you receive new information. Perhaps you look at your own failings and realise you’re not as far apart as you thought. The Ten of Cups asks you to give this person a second chance. This bond can be renewed, in fact it can be stronger now than ever, because you both have a much deeper understanding of each other’s flaws. Heal this wound. Rekindle this bond. Forgive. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot cards for Leo for May: Four of Cups, Four of Coins, The Moon Meaning: Escape a rut You just don’t know why you feel so confused and lost, but you do. The Moon shows that you’re going to have a game-changing revelation this month ahead and get to the bottom of your recent malaise. The root cause will become clear. You have let yourself fall into a rut. The Four of Coins shows that what once began as familiar, safe and easy has now become boring, predictable and constricting. You long to shake things up but have perhaps lost some confidence. Don’t worry, it will return. The Four of Cups asks you to start back with yourself. Re-ignite your awareness of your strengths, talents, gifts, and advantages. You’ve got so much good stuff going for you. Appreciate it, feel strong, and climb out of this rut. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot cards for Virgo for May: The Sun, Ace of Wands, Page of Cups Meaning: New beginnings. Beautiful cards, Virgo, so expect a blissful May across the board. The Sun is the tarot’s most positive card and blesses your life with joy, success, and love. Have faith in yourself and your desires, go for the things you want most, be bold and confident and you will be rewarded. The Ace of Wands asks you to start a new thing – be it a trip, hobby, role, course, project, or lifestyle regime. Something inspiring and authentically you. It will bring you a lot of happiness and prove to be a catalyst for change across other areas too. The Page of Cups asks you to be kind and generous towards the little people in your world – be they your own children, family members, or the children of close friends. Getting back in touch with your inner child will further enhance your joy and wonder at how good life can be. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot cards for Libra for May: Eight of Swords, Nine of Swords, Knight of Swords Meaning: Self-awareness. A trio of Swords cards presents you with some mental challenges and conundrums this month ahead, which you actually rather enjoy, being an analytical Air sign. The Eight of Swords is the problem. You are getting in your own way – living in a blind spot and projecting your own secret fears onto others, excusing your lack of action or progress. The root cause here is you, not them. The Nine of Swords reveals you realise this, deep down, but it’s a hard pill to swallow. You’ve hated to admit this. You’ve carried on in the blind spot. Just get on with it, Libra, because the Knight of Swords brings you the oomph necessary to acknowledge this home truth, dismantle it, and be free of its self-limiting impact on your life. You are the only person who can tackle this, and the person who will benefit from it. Do yourself a big favour and see it all for what it is. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot cards for Scorpio for May: Two of Coins, Four of Swords, Knight of Wands Meaning: Rest and revel. Balance and moderation are very important this May, Scorpio, so make sure you are resting and revelling in equal measure, that you are both challenged and supported, that you feel in harmony with your schedule and listen to your body’s needs. The Two of Coins shows you’re going to be super busy, there will be an abundance of activity and opportunities. The Four of Swords tempers this surge of activity with a note of caution – don’t burn out. Make sure you make time for rest, reflection, time to potter and unwind, time to just drift about decompressing. This is important. You can’t pour from an empty jug. The Knight of Wands reassures you that, if you get this balance right, you can have a bumper month of fun, success, and prosperity. And it’s all in your hands, within your control. Be the boss. Set the agenda. Make the pace suit you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot cards for Sagittarius for May: Queen of Wands, Two of Swords, The Devil Meaning: You can get out of this. Bring your usual courage and confidence to a tricky situation you’re navigating (instead of thinking you have to be super serious or sombre) and you’ll get past it all much faster and easier. The Two of Swords and The Devil have you pinned in a tough spot, you’ve got a big decision to make (which you can’t see a good option in) and it’s likely connected to a situation you feel bound or trapped in. Maybe a self-limiting habit or behaviour that you find difficult to resist. Maybe a role you feel totally pressurised into. Maybe a relationship with toxic elements. The Queen of Wands urges you to act. To be yourself. To do what you, naturally and authentically, want to do. Seek freedom and liberation from this. Seek a way out that makes you feel uplifted. A breakthrough is very close. Have faith. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot cards for Capricorn for May: The World, Nine of Cups, Three of Cups) Meaning: Live your best life. This trio of cards really shout the words ‘dream holiday’. I know that’s super specific, but bear with me… The World is about literal travel, global aspirations, wonderful places we dream of. It is a nudge that you’re ready to broaden your horizons, be that in terms of a holiday, trip, location change or move. The Three of Cups is about fun, joy, pleasure, realising that life is short and the time is live is now. YOLO. And the Nine of Cups is about activating a dream come true, making a wish a reality. It’s true that we take things for granted, that we think life goes on forever as it is now, that there’s always more time… and, in truth, the longer we live the more we realise how fragile and fleeting things actually are. Do the things you want to do most sooner vs later. Live your best life now. Whatever worldly aspirations you have, make them happen, because you’re in such a good place to do it, even if you don’t think it. Go live a wonderful life. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot cards for Aquarius for May: Three of Coins, Nine of Wands, Ten of Wands Meaning: Ask for help Asking for help can be tough for you as you have a lot of pride, are fiercely independent and create your own unique (eccentric?) standards and ways of how you like things to be done. However, the Ten of Wands suggests you’ve got too much on right now, and you’re trying to do it all by yourself. You are in danger of burnout. The Three of Coins is a reassuring nudge that there are people poised and able to help, and who just want you to be happy and rested and know they can really support you. It’s not a hardship, it’s something they want to do. After all, you’ve helped so many people out over the years yourself. The Nine of Wands reminds you this isn’t forever, it’s just a temporary spell, and it won’t feel cringe-y or difficult or embarrassing to ask for help, because this is the right thing to do. Just do it. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot cards for Pisces for May: Five of Coins, Five of Cups, The Hanged Man Meaning: A time out to think. You’re in a bit of a limbo with the frustrating Hanged Man. You’ve hit a dead end and can’t seem to get un-stuck. The lesson is to just sit and rest awhile, because this pause is necessary, you need to think. The Fives of Cups and Coins are both about loss, grief, regret, sadness. They hint you’re grieving or dwelling on something from your past that has got its claws into your moods, and you’re finding it harder to move on than you thought. Don’t worry or stress. Just sit with these emotions consciously for a while, and process how you feel, looking at the triggers and the root causes of these feelings. Live and learn. Understand yourself. Take this time to take care of your emotional self. You will, soon enough, feel inspired and motivated to move ahead once more. Just rest a while first, okay? Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Which star signs clash the most? These are the ones you should avoid MORE : How to do a love tarot and read your own relationship fortune MORE : What each star sign needs most in a relationship