Welcome to Metro.co.uk‘s The Big Questions, where we ask, well, the big questions (and the smaller ones too) and this week, we’re diving deep with Grace Dent. The MasterChef star, Guardian restaurant critic, author and podcast host, 48, knows a thing or two about good nosh, but, here’s a secret: nothing makes her tick more than mash and fish fingers or, as becomes evident in our TBQ chat, pasta shaped like Peppa Pig. It’s the small things. Dent is host of the podcast Comfort Eating, which sees her get into it with famous guests on friendship, family, and the foods that have seen them through it all. So, it was only natural we get into it with her, about said famous guests, their intriguing choice of comfort foods, MasterChef, her top food picks and whether or not she really is as steely as her critic’s exterior suggests… The guest is very, very much under wraps, I’m not allowed to say who we’ve got on yet, and I would love to tell you. Comfort Eating is normally done in my house, and it’s a very intimate affair; the celeb comes to my house and he or she knocks on my front door and they come in and we talk about the comfort foods that have made them the person that they are today. This is a chance for people to come down and see this live in action and see how we do it, I think people are really interested in how we actually structure this, how we put it together. So the celeb will bring in their comfort food, and it’s always something a bit out of the ordinary or disgusting or shameful – but shameful in a wonderful way. We’ll be eating it together, and then we’ll be going on a journey through their lives going through the foods that have made them happy or consoled through really, really tough times and that’s what we’re going to be doing live on stage with people being able to watch it all in its glory. It’s an emotional podcast, it’s funny, it’s joyous and it’s happy, but it’s also an emotional thing. It’ll be intimate…I don’t think it’ll just be this loud, let’s, you know, eat a cheese sandwich and laugh. What often happens with my interviews is that they go quite deep quite quickly and completely. It is an emotional thing … I hope that I haven’t made it sound sad, it’ll be funny! I am giving readers a guarantee, they will be very funny. I think it’s almost unavoidable that people go deep very quickly because food and memories of food unlocks parts of the brain that if you just sort of asked somebody a direct question it wouldn’t. So if we say, ‘what was your relationship with your mother like?’ People might just say ‘it was really nice, it was good,’ or ‘it was bad’, and they can’t quite describe it until you ask them about the certain thing their mother made them at four o’clock each day when they came in from school. That is when the colour and the detail and the love and everything begins to be unlocked in their brain. Everybody has been a surprise. Russell Tovey turned up and 100% just committed to the task and he told story after story about his grandmother’s roast potatoes and being the only gay child in his class, or so he thought at that point, and trying to fit in, and we were crying within about seven minutes. Russell told the rudest anecdotes that I think I’ve ever heard and I have quite a rude mind. I loved having Stephen Fry – I thought he’d be quite guarded and quite wary about interviews, especially interviews which are so intimate. We couldn’t talk about his life and his past and his current life without talking about prison and boarding school and mental health and his relationship with [husband] Elliot and how he got together with Elliot. What I loved about Stephen was that he turned up with some really, really smelly fish in a can, with their spines, and he mashed them like some kind of BFG, over some bread and then started eating them. He burped the moment that he ate them and then he just began, and he was just so open. And it was just lovely. It’s meant to be a food podcast but it’s actually a public therapy session. Absolutely. You know, it’s really hard work, doing Comfort Eating, because it’s not just kind of, no disrespect to other podcasts, some of them a lot more ad hoc. I’ve done other people’s podcasts where you turn up, no pre-interview, and you just talk and talk and it goes out largely unedited. We are very, very caring and thoughtful about how we do it. We pre-interview, we really think what goes into the edit and it’s exhausting, and then we make, say, you know 12, 14 in a row, and I’m always so glad that it’s finished and then I miss it desperately. I am continually shocked by people, they’re never as I expect them to be and you always learn something. Suddenly they’re leaving my room and I see them get in their car and they drive off, and we always sit down and ask ‘did that just happen?’ If Stephen Fry had knocked back on the window two minutes after he’d done he’d have found Laura [my producer] and I lying on my living room floor laughing. We were so scared about him coming around, everybody else we were kind of chill about. With all TV shows, and I mean all TV shows, it’s never glamorous behind-the-scenes. MasterChef is always being made, pretty much; we finished one season, and we begin the next. And it has been made in the same place more or less for a long time, so it really is almost like the MasterChef factory. It will never stop being magical being involved. It’s a show that from the length and breadth of Britain people love it, and from every demographic, every age, people love it for their own reasons, so it is genuinely like a sharp thrill. It’s always funny that moment when I get out of my car and I walk around the back, and through all the kitchens and where all the dishes are, the plates and the food and the smells and the extra microwaves to defrost things, and then I walk through those doors into the very, very big kitchen and Gregg [Wallace] and John [Torode] are standing waiting for me. It will always be hilarious because it’s like you’ve walked in the back of the TV and plugged in. But, no, look, the food is never as warm as you’d like it to be and you’re very often eating food that isn’t perhaps as delicious as it could be, but it’s been made with so much love and tears and sleepless nights. Judging MasterChef is stressful because it really matters to people and I’ve had to train myself over the years to realise that the downside of this wonderful job is making unpopular decisions and saying things to people’s faces that they don’t want to hear. People are eternally surprised that on my night off I don’t whip up a three-cheese souffle and then sous vide veal cheek. I like tinned things, I love spaghetti hoops, but what I love more is the Peppa Pig ones, because they’re in the shape of pigs they’re very chunky and they hold the sauce better. Anyone who knows me and loves me knows that they will find me by the stove eating tinned food out of the tin with a spoon because I’m too impatient. But I’m a carb freak and I spend my life in one long eternal battle: my Northern hips against carbohydrates. I know I shouldn’t eat as many jacket potatoes, with butter and more cheese, and maybe more carbs on top, beans, coleslaw; I know oven chips shouldn’t be in my freezer, I know that toast is not my friend, but on a night off you might find me with a big bowl of very buttery mashed potato and maybe, just fish fingers or something like that. I’d love to say expensive cod goujons… I eat incredibly fancy food all the time… so when I’m left to my own devices, I don’t think you can go wrong with a tin of Peppa Pig. That I’m serious. The misconception is that I’m the grumpy, very strict, stern woman who people see walking into the MasterChef studio looking furious. That is pantomime! I am admittedly eccentric and very silly and I laugh all day and it makes me laugh that people think that I’m going to turn up in a restaurant like Darth Vader. I have the capacity to be like that, but I think that comes out for about, you know, 10 minutes a week, and the rest of the time I’m dressed in bright colours… and eating Peppa Pig pasta. Tickets for The Podcast Show 2022 are on sale at thepodcastshowlondon.com