Mohamed Salah has clarified that he was praising his Liverpool teammates – not disrespecting Manchester United’s players – with his post-match comments after Tuesday night’s win. The Merseysiders moved to the top of the Premier League table, at least until Manchester City have played on Wednesday night, after swatting aside United at Anfield in a comprehensive 4-0 victory. Salah netted twice, ending a barren run without an open-play goal that has lasted since December, while the result means Liverpool have done the double over their fierce rivals with an aggregate score of 9-0. Asked to explain the side’s dominance over United afterwards, Salah told Sky Sports: ‘I think they make our life easier in the midfield and in the back. ‘They always try to give us the ball in one-on-one situations, so they make our lives much easier. I think we defend well – we had a clean sheet here and there [at Old Trafford] – so they make our life easier to score.’ Salah’s comments were taken out of context by some publications, who had mistakenly interpreted his words as being a dig at United and how easy Tuesday’s match had been for Liverpool’s front three. But Salah was clearly talking about his own teammates, and how easy they make life for himself, Sadio Mane and Luis Diaz – who all netted – and he cleared up any confusion on Twitter on Wednesday. Quote-tweeting a clip from the interview, Salah wrote: ‘I meant our midfield, and our defence, make it easy for us. ‘I was not talking about the Manchester United players whom I respect.’ Speaking about Liverpool’s performance in general, Salah said: ‘We all play very well in the front three, when Bobby [Firmino] comes in also he plays very well. We just try to adapt to each other in training. We know each other more now; me and Sadio and Bobby especially because we played four or five years together. ‘Great ball from Sadio [for Salah’s first goal]. He is now playing No.9 more, he is doing an unbelievable job and scoring goals as well. Everybody playing up front is just playing a good game. The most important thing is the team is winning games.’ MORE : Jamie Carragher reveals Liverpool’s move for Jurgen Klopp had Sir Alex Ferguson ‘worried’ MORE : Rio Ferdinand blasts Manchester United trio after ‘embarrassing’ Liverpool defeat For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 