When you first get together with someone new, you can’t imagine what could ever split you apart. They’re so dreamy. You’re so in love. What could possibly go wrong? According to psychologist Dr Audrey Tang, there are three issues that are likely to spring up – and when they do, if communication breaks down, the relationship is in trouble. So, how can you prepare yourself for these common pitfalls? And how can you fix them when they rear their heads? Ahead, Dr Audrey explains three common areas of communication issues between couples – and how to deal with them. Failing to talk about money, from your spending style to your saving plans? An easy way to doom your relationship. ‘Financial compatibility (or at least for your financial situation to cause minimal to no strain in your relationship) is an important factor in healthy relationships…or at least financial incompatibility is a key factor in divorce,’ Dr Audrey tells Metro.co.uk. ‘Britt (2013) found in a survey of over 4000 couples in the US, that “arguments about money are the greatest predictor of divorce”.’ Have conversations about money. It’s important. To get the chat going, Dr Audrey notes four key categories to cover, with questions/prompts to ask yourself and your partner. Your financial behaviours and beliefs Your financial status Dr Audrey adds: ‘If one person is earning significantly more, can you come to any agreement as to how you might treat each other, or pay for items? While one person can afford luxuries, the other may not, so you may compromise by only having one big meal out per month at a restaurant that is affordable for you both.’ Your financial goals Are you combining your finances? You need to be on the same page when it comes to your vision for the future. But when we’re in the early stage of romance, it’s easy to ignore the reality of mismatched goals, or assume that you can ‘work through’ them. The truth is: if you don’t communicate about your goals for the future, it’s likely one of you will start to sacrifice yours for the other’s to try to smooth over the cracks, leading to resentment. Ignore the big topic for long enough, and your individual goals can get left by the wayside, only to result in a breakup when you wake up and realise that you’ve missed out on your dreams. Simple: talk about your vision for the future, sooner rather than later. ‘Have the conversation when you are thinking about the relationship being longer term,’ suggests Dr Audrey. ‘Or, if you are worried about having it too late, it is better to have them early, although casually – ie. while you don’t want a prospective partner thinking you’ve already got your life together planned, there is no harm in asking questions like: ‘Arguably, if this causes your mate to panic, then perhaps that speaks to their ability to have a responsible conversation.’ ‘Sadly, also, if you do find your dreams are not compatible, it is better to split up early before you have invested too much emotion, time and energy.’ All too often, emotional affairs happen because there’s some kind of communication breakdown in the relationship. We’re not getting something we want from our partner, or we’re uncertain about our future and want to test the water with someone else. As you’d expect, an emotional affair – where one person is having intimate conversations with another person or flirting – is corrosive to your bond. Dr Audrey says: ‘If you recognise that you are connecting with others over your partner, and more so if you find you are complaining about your partner to that person rather than trying to sort it out directly, then it is time to reflect on what am I currently missing? ‘Or what is this person (the alternative) giving me that I feel is lacking in my relationship? ‘Raise the conversation with your partner over what is missing and see if it can be fixed.’ Dr Audrey Tang is a chartered psychologist, wellness expert and author of The Leaders Guide to Resilience Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why stonewalling is a major relationship red flag MORE : A divorce coach reveals the eight most common reasons married couples split up MORE : Is there such a thing as a ‘chill breakup’?