Deontay Wilder is ‘weighing up his options for the future’ after Tyson Fury encouraged him to return and fight the winner of Oleksandr Usyk vs Anthony Joshua. Fury secured a stunning sixth round knockout victory over Dillian Whyte at Wembley Stadium on Saturday night before insisting he will retire from boxing – barring exhibition fights against the likes of UFC champion Francis Ngannou. Should ‘The Gypsy King’ stick to his promise and vacate his WBC title, Wilder will be in line to fight for the belt, having retained his no1 ranking with the governing body despite two punishing defeats in his last two outings. Wilder suffered a broken hand that required surgery in last October’s defeat to Fury and has remained tight-lipped on his return. But WBC president Mauricio Sulaiman believes ‘The Bronze Bomber’ will fight again soon. ‘He’s taking it easy, he’s weighing up his plans for the future, he had a very busy reign as a champion, two knockout losses to Fury, difficult but he’s matured and he’s doing very well,’ Sulaiman told Sky Sports. ‘He’s having a good time with his wife, he’s enjoying life but I’m sure he’ll be back. ‘He’s one of those fighters that you rarely see in the ring that has the ability to knock somebody out with one punch and he has had many exciting fights. He’s a great fighter and great person. ‘I’m sure he will fight this year.’ Speaking after his victory over Whyte, Fury declared Wilder to still be ‘the second-best heavyweight in the division,’ urging him to take his place in an unification fight against Usyk or Joshua. Fury told Beyond The Gloves: ‘I’d like to see Deontay Wilder fight whoever [wins Joshua v Usyk II] for it again.’ Told that Wilder remains the number one ranked challenger by the WBC, Fury continued: ‘I know, I don’t know how that’s even possible, he’s lost three fights in a row and still number one rated, but that’s up to them. ‘One thing, Deontay made 10 title defences, more than anybody else. He equalled Muhammad Ali’s record, beat Vitali Klitschko’s record, doesn’t get the credit he deserves. ‘I do believe Deontay Wilder is still the second-best heavyweight in the world. And I believe he knocks everybody else out but me.’ MORE : Eddie Hearn dismisses Tyson Fury retirement claim and says he cannot be considered one of the greatest of all time if he walks away MORE : Dillian Whyte says Tyson Fury knockout was an ‘illegal’ push and demands rematch For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 