Ewan McGregor and Mary Elizabeth Winstead married in a ‘small wedding’ over the weekend, it has been reported. The Fargo co-stars, who have been together for four years and share 10-month-old son Laurie, are said to have tied the knot on Saturday at a private property. Much like their relationship, the pair decided to keep their nuptials under wraps and away from the public eye with the ceremony reportedly taking place on the grounds of a private property. ‘It was a small wedding for family and close friends,’ the insider claimed. ‘They had an outdoor ceremony. It was lovely and joyful. The menu was farm-to-table. They are an adorable couple. They are pretty low-key and like their canyon life. They often hike and go to the beach,’ they added to People. Ewan, 51, and Mary, 37, first met on the set of their TV series Fargo in 2016. The actress split from husband Riley Stearns in May 2017 after seven years of marriage. Doctor Sleep star Ewan then separated from wife Eve Mavrakis in January 2017 after 22 years of marriage, and filed for divorce. He filed a request to be declared legally single before going on to finalise the divorce in the summer of 2020. Ewan and Mary welcomed Laurie, their first child together last summer, and his arrival was only announced when Ewan’s daughter Clara shared a picture of herself and her new brother on Instagram. ‘Welcome to the world little brother ❤️ congratulations to my Dad & Mary – this is the greatest gift,’ she wrote. Ewan is also dad to Jamyan, 20, Esther, 19, and 10-year-old Anouk, who he shares with his ex-wife Eve. The actor has barely addressed his and Mary’s relationship publicly but he did share sweet words about his partner while accepting his Emmy for outstanding lead actor in a limited series for Halston last year. ‘Mary, I love you so much. I’m gonna take this home and show it to our new little boy, Laurie,’ he said at the time. ‘And to my beautiful girls, who I know are watching, Clara, Esther, Jamyan and Anouk, hello to you too. Thank you very much, everybody!’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Ewan and Mary’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paddy McGuinness praises wife Christine for support during depression battle: ‘She’s great at noticing when I’m struggling’ MORE : Sharon Osbourne raves over how ‘attractive’ she found Russian president Vladimir Putin topless on horse: ‘He looked insane!’ 