A British Shell engineer and his teenage son are feared dead after they were abandoned nine miles off the Malaysian coast during a diving trip. Adrian Chesters, 46, and Nathen, 14, were in a group of four swimming 49ft-deep off the tiny island of Pulau Tokong Sanggol, near the town of Mersing. Their boat returned to port without them on Wednesday, and a huge search and rescue mission was launched to find the stranded divers, who were pulled away by strong currents. The captain gave a statement to police in Mersing but was later arrested when he tested positive for methamphetamine after giving a urine sample. It is not clear if he was high on the drug at the time of the incident, but investigators are looking into any cases of negligence. Adrian and his Dutch son Nathen were joined by an 18-year-old French woman who is still missing, and dive master Kristine Grodem, 35. The Norwegian-national, who was teaching the other three as they trained for their advanced diving licences, was found 30 nautical miles from where the group were diving. After 40 minutes in the water, authorities said the group couldn’t see their boat as they came to the surface. Mersing police chief Superintendent Cyril Edward Nuing said: ‘The instructor tried to keep all of them together but they got separated. ‘We believe the three victims will be found safe as they are experienced divers.’ Authorities have deployed two planes, 18 boats and about 90 personnel, including rescue divers, to locate the missing trio, but hopes they will be found alive are fading. Police will assess the dive equipment used and the location, adding that the captain is being investigated under Section 15(1) of the Dangerous Drugs Act 1952. Johor police chief Datuk Kamarul Zaman Mamat said the captain was arrested at 11.30pm on Wednesday after giving a statement at the Mersing district police headquarters. ‘He tested positive for methamphetamine use when we conducted a urine test,’ he added. Chesters, from Sheffield, had only recently moved his family to Malaysia after working as a senior engineer for Shell’s Appomattox rig in the Gulf of Mexico. A Foreign Office spokesperson said the department remains in contact with Malaysian authorities. Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency First Admiral Nurul Hizam Zakaria said Grodem was found by a tug boat. She was ‘floating and fully equipped’ with her diving gear in waters off Tanjung Sedili in Kota Tinggi, en route from Indonesia to Thailand, at 8.15am local time. Grodem was taken to hospital by helicopter and is said to be in a stable condition. Malaysia’s borders reopened to foreigners on April 1 after being closed for more than two years during the Covid-19 pandemic. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.