Angela Rayner admitted she felt as though she could not wear a dress on ITV’s Lorraine and blasted the ‘classism’ behind anonymous briefings against her. Labour’s deputy leader said she feels as though she is being judged for what she wears following claims she attempts to distract Boris Johnson by crossing and uncrossing her legs in the Commons. Mr Johnson has vowed to take action against the unnamed Tory who briefed the Mail on Sunday but Ms Rayner said it spoke to a wider problem in politics and the media. Appearing on TV, she pointed out the picture of her used to illustrate the article had been from her previous appearance on the TV show, during which she wore a dress. She told host Lorraine Kelly she ‘consciously today felt I wanted to put some trousers on’ to avoid being judged for her clothes. The Ashton-under-Lyne MP continued: ‘I wanted to be defiant because I don’t think women should be told how to dress but I didn’t want to distract from the fact that it’s not about my legs. ‘I didn’t want people at home thinking “let’s have a look at what her legs are like or how short her skirt is”. ‘Because I feel like I’m being judged for what I wear rather than what I’m saying and how I come across.’ Ms Rayner said she had been ‘heartened’ by the negative reaction to the article, which included a quote from an anonymous Tory MP saying she ‘knows she can’t compete with Boris’s Oxford Union debating training, but she has other skills which he lacks’. She revealed how she had been forced to prepare her teenage sons to see the coverage online and was ‘really down’ she had been forced to have those conversations. Ms Rayner said she was ‘crestfallen’ when the story emerged and said the article insinuated she must be ‘thick’ because she went to a comprehensive school and that she is ‘promiscuous’ because she had a child when she was 16. Mr Johnson said the MP behind the claims would face ‘the terrors of the Earth’ if they are identified. Commons speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle will meet the Mail on Sunday’s editor David Dillon and political editor Glen Owen to discuss the article. Government minister James Heappey backed the move, telling Sky News: ‘If the speaker is going to put a shot across the bows about the way women in parliament are being reported, that’s a good thing. ‘I have no doubt he is protecting freedom of speech and he won’t want to see that impinged but I do think that Westminster has got itself into a mess and it looks awful.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.