With concerns about the planet and climate change and worries about footing energy bills, it is no wonder that interest in eco homes has reached an all-time high. Research by The Home Builders Federation reveals that being eco-friendly and having a good EPC rating are the second and third most desirable features in a property, behind outdoor space, and law firm Shakespeare Martineau reports that 80% of first-time buyers are likely to consider a green home. This is where new-builds can come up trumps. 84% of new-builds fall into the highest two bands for energy efficiency. Just one in 25 of older properties do the same. Unlatch, a platform to digitise and accelerate the new-homes sales process, has found that, following the 54% increase in domestic fuel costs, an existing dwelling will run up an average annual bill of £1,507, more than double the £733 new home owners can expect to pay. The choice of first-time buyer new homes is better than ever, with most developers across the country delivering houses and flats that are good for both the planet and your wallet, ahead of the government’s target of adopting net-zero carbon measures from 2025. These homes not only exceed current building regulation requirements but are also future-proofed, incorporating solar PV panels that convert sunlight into electricity, low-carbon heating systems instead of gas boilers, and electric vehicle (EV) charging points. Westwood Acres, near the Kent coastal town of Broadstairs, by Love Living Homes is one of the country’s first affordable modular developments, meaning homes are constructed off-site in factories, using sustainable materials and reducing energy consumption and waste. Including high levels of thermal insulation, solar PV panels and air source heat pumps, the two, three and four-bed houses are available via shared ownership, from £73,750 for a 25% share of £295,000. Find out more with Love Living Homes. Genesis Homes is building 16 zero-carbon homes at its EcoGen project in Pennine View in Calthwaite, Cumbria. The first homes will be ready this summer, and all will be fully powered by renewable energy with rooftop solar PV panels complemented by solar-assisted heat pumps, infrared heating panels hung from the ceilings in each room instead of radiators, and EV charging points. Three-bed bungalows start from £360,000, four-bed houses from £380,000, and four of the properties will be sold at a 40% discount to boost affordability for new buyers. Find out more with Genesis Homes. West Carclaze Garden Village in St Austell, Cornwall, is a 1,500-home lakeside community with an impressive list of eco credentials. All homes will be EPC A-rated with electric car charging points, heat ventilation recovery systems and air source heat pumps as standard and an on-site solar farm generates clean energy. Prices are from £157,000 for a two-bed apartment. Find out more with West Carclaze Garden Village. Artisan Real Estate has raised the bar for sustainable development with a design framework geared to achieving low to zero-carbon city living in well-connected locations served by public transport. One current scheme is Rowanbank Gardens in Corstorphine, Edinburgh, where no fossil fuels are used and heating and hot water are delivered through individual air source heat pumps. Innovations such as green roofs ensure surface water retention and improved insulation whilst encouraging ecological biodiversity. The one, two and three-bed apartments are set around an internal courtyard garden and start from £242,000. Find out more with Rowanbank Gardens. Priddy’s Hard in Gosport, Hampshire consists of three and four-bed houses, which are manufactured off-site, and set within historic naval ramparts. Each incorporates solar PV panels which create electricity and store it in a battery, saving up to 75% on bills, and artificial intelligence which manages heating, lighting and security so residents don’t waste money warming up an empty house. From £325,000. Find out more with Elite NuGen. Over in the West Country, Britain’s biggest housebuilder Barratt has just launched its first gas-free scheme at Delamare Park in Nunney, near Frome in Somerset. All 82 two, three and four-bed houses are fitted with air source heat pumps which only require water and a power source. They absorb heat from the outside air to run central heating and hot water systems, and can be controlled by a smartphone, tablet or computer, from £290,000 with Help to Buy. Find out more with Barratt Homes. Northstone is another developer that takes sustainability very seriously, installing triple-glazed windows, air source heat pumps and waste water heat recovery systems in every home. On top of this, the Wondrwall intelligent home assistant learns how each resident lives to adapt lighting and heating needs to save on energy bills. Two, three and four-bedroom houses at Keld, in Barrowford, a rural village near Pendle in Lancashire start from £190,000 and Help to Buy is available. Find out more with Northstone. The Zero in Raynes Park, SW20, recently won the Energy Efficiency Award 2022 for the best London development. It was built with the aim of achieving zero-carbon status and A-rated energy efficiency, and developer Max Smith and his team have created a completely airtight building including upgraded insulation, triple-glazed windows, boiling water taps and Tesla Powerwall batteries which allow any excess energy from the development’s solar generation to be stored and used to power each home. The one and two-bedroom apartments start from £380,000 and Help to Buy is available. Find out more with Hamptons. A Zero first Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum transforms kitchen in rented property into contemporary space for less than £100 MORE : Couple spend £5,000 transforming new build home – adding £25,000 to property value