Love Island is reportedly set to return in just nine weeks time, as viewers can await the longest-ever run of the series for 2022. The hit ITV dating show will be back for its eighth season this year, with more sexy singletons looking to find love. But fans desperate to know when they’ll get their summer of love fix, the landing date has reportedly been confirmed as Monday, June 6. A source said: ‘Love Island is coming back with a bang and it will begin on the second full week in June. ‘The schedules are being put together now and fans can expect a long, hot summer of fun from the villa from June 6.’ It’s also thought the show will run for a whopping ten weeks, meaning it would be on screens until mid-August. ‘Filming for the promotional adverts is beginning in the next couple of weeks and the ads will start in May. ‘This series is going to be the longest ever and it’s from a brand new location so it’s all very exciting,’ they are said to have added to The Sun. There are set to be some other big changes this year, one of them being a brand new villa. An ITV spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘It is too early to confirm scheduling for the 2022 series.’ At the moment, the show has given nothing away itself. The official Love Island’s Twitter bio simply reads: ‘See you next summer.’ The hit ITV2 programme officially opened applications at the beginning of the year, five months after Millie Court and Liam Reardon were crowned winners. Previous reports suggested that bosses were considering replacing the 36-year-old presenter with the likes of Maya Jama and former contestant Maura Higgins but Laura is officially making a comeback. It’s thought she’s signed a hefty £500,000 deal to front the upcoming season. An ITV spokesperson previously confirmed to us: ‘Laura will be returning to host the forthcoming series of Love Island.’ Love Island returns later this year to ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rylan Clark insists Alison Hammond being ‘front and centre’ on TV was too late: ‘It should have happened years ago’ MORE : Ed Sheeran now records every songwriting session to protect himself as he speaks on Shape Of You High Court win 