WWE legend Scott Hall has been laid to rest after his death last month. The late Hall of Famer – also known to fans as Razor Ramon – died on March 14 aged 63 one day after being put on life support following complications with hip surgery which led to a blood clot and three heart attacks. Now, his son Cody Hall has shared a picture of himself with his father’s close friend Diamond Dallas Page and Kliq brothers Kevin Nash, Sean Waltman, Shawn Michaels and Triple H. The group can be seen smiling in suits as they pose around a wreath, and Cody admitted his dad’s death has changed his outlook on their bond. He wrote on Instagram on Saturday: ‘We buried my father yesterday. And I guess it was the last step in the process, but it still feels like I’m going through a ton. ‘Being my dads son wasn’t always easy, in fact it used to feel really hard sometimes, he was hard sometimes. But it feels different now, not my burden to bear but my torch to carry going forward. A legacy from a legend. ‘It feels like he’s with me now. The whole world feels different now. I feel so different now. Death is part of the circle of life, and my father lives through me.’ He also reflected on the ‘many memories’ he’s carrying with him ‘forever’ in his head and heart, including his love for Shaggy’s hit It Wasn’t Me. He continued: ‘So many memories live in my head and my heart forever now, all the sayings he had, all the facial expressions, going fishing together, him blasting Shaggy – “it wasn’t me“ every morning to wake us up for school, thinking George foreman turkey burgers are a delicacy, singing country songs on our drives, the spot on the side of the garage we’d both pee in to see how deep we could go, wearing our matching #HallGood shirts and color coordinating outfits, seeing him when he was ON how he could light up and flip a switch and be the best person you could ever meet. ‘He was my best friend, he taught me everything I know. And I’ll never ever forget it. I love you dad (sic).’ Following Scott’s death, Shawn Michaels revealed how the members of The Kliq each called their friend to have their own private conversations and farewells. He told Sports Illustrated: ‘We wanted to let him know that we were there for him. We had the opportunity, one more time, to tell him how much we loved him. ‘A long time ago, we decided that we were going to be there for each other. If we were wrong, then we’d be wrong together. You hear the term “I have your back”, but when the rubber hits the road, that doesn’t always happen. ‘We weren’t perfect, but we made that commitment to do it till the end. It was like a marriage, and it stuck. And that’s what makes this so hard.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Scott Hall dead: WWE stars Triple H, Mick Foley and more lead tributes to Razor Ramon MORE : WWE’s Kevin Owens was ‘extremely jealous’ of Sami Zayn facing Johnny Knoxville at WrestleMania 