Painting is easy, right? Wrong. Rather than just grabbing a brush and a tin, the secret is in the prep – but it’s easy to feel overwhelmed with questions. What can be skipped and what can’t? What about painting around plug sockets and light switches? How do you fill the holes left behind when pulling out picture hooks? To help you get started, we chatted to Michael Rolland, painting expert and MD of The Paint Shed. With The Paint Shed having evolved from painting contractors to retailers, Michael has years of experience within the painting industry, using this expertise to influence his own DIY projects using the best possible tools and materials. Here are his expert DIY tips. Make sure the walls are in the best condition they can be. Before you even pry open a tin of paint you should ensure that the walls are in the right condition to be painted. This means that you should check for damp or, if damp is suspected, get in a professional to assess the situation. A few common telltale signs of damp are water stains or marks on the wall/ceiling, a musty smell, the wall feeling damp to touch, peeling paint or wallpaper, or mould. Ensure you have a blank canvas. Once the wall is treated and in good condition, repairs should be made to the surface to ensure a nice even canvas to paint on. It is always best to remove picture hooks, shelves and so on prior to painting. Fill in any small or medium holes with Polyfilla, scrape the excess using a scraper, wait for the filler to dry then sand with some fine or medium grit sandpaper – depending on the severity of the repair. Make sure you vacuum any dust, particularly focusing on woodwork if you have sanded the walls as the dust will gather here. Load up on protective materials. Ideally, the room would be empty before painting, but not everyone has the space for this to be possible so it is vital to protect furniture and surfaces. If you can, remove any high-value items – your mattress and any electronics for example. If this isn’t possible ensure you cover with a dust sheet and make sure it is secured. For the carpet/floor a material dust sheet is preferable to a plastic one. A plastic sheet will stick to the painters tape and tear when trying to remove and it is also a slippery surface which can lead to its own issues. Alternatively, flattened cardboard boxes, a carpet protector or hardwood floor protector are also great options for protecting the floor. Next, protect your woodwork. Painter tape or masking tape isn’t vital if you have a steady hand, but for many it is nice to have that extra layer of protection should we be having an off-day cutting in. Painter’s tape should be placed on the parts you want to protect from paint, such as on the top of the skirting board, the door frame and around light switches and sockets. For the latter there is the option to unscrew the outlets but – if this makes you uncomfortable – taping around the edges, cutting a diagonal slit on each corner and folding the tape inwards is protection enough. Work out how much paint you need for your room. Obviously, the first step is to measure the space you will be painting. To work out a rectangular room’s area in square metres, multiply its length in metres by its width in metres. If the room is an odd shape, break the shape down into individual rectangles, calculate the area in square metres for each rectangle, and then add the areas of all the rectangles for the room’s total area in square metres. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : DIY mum transforms ‘boring’ bathroom in one day for just £28 MORE : The biggest ways to save money on a home renovation, from people who have done it themselves MORE : A beginner’s guide to electrical wires – and how to navigate them in DIY