Liverpool and Manchester City face tricky away trips as the title race continues to take twists and turns in the closing stages of the season. At the other end of the table, Burnley face a crunch clash with Watford hoping to put further pressure on Frank Lampard’s Everton looking to beat the drop. Betfair Ambassador Dimitar Berbatov has had a look at the forthcoming Premier League contests and given us his predictions… Newcastle v Liverpool Newcastle have done a really good job recently, they are a great club with great fans and it was always difficult to go there and play. If they are pumped and ready then can cause any team trouble. I can see a surprise in this one. There’s a lot of pressure on Liverpool to get a result, but St. James’ Park isn’t an easy place to go. Prediction 2-2. Betfair Exchange Odds: Newcastle 8/1, Draw 4/1, Liverpool 4/9 Watford v Burnley Burnley have turned things around and this is another massive match for them. Things haven’t been going well for Watford. This could be a huge three points for Burnley and I think they will want it more. Prediction 0-2. Betfair Exchange Odds: Watford 9/5, Draw 12/5, Burnley 9/5 Southampton v Crystal Palace Both teams have had ups and downs this season and they are now pretty much playing for nothing. I hope this means we get to see a good open game with some nice football on show. I can see the home side winning. Prediction 2-1. Betfair Exchange Odds: Southampton 6/4, Draw 5/2, Crystal Palace 11/5 Aston Villa v Norwich Aston Villa haven’t had their best time recently, they will be looking at this one as a game they can win and get some confidence back. Things haven’t gone well for Norwich and I can’t see anything other than a Villa win. Prediction 1-0. Betfair Exchange Odds: Aston Villa 2/5, Draw 4/1, Norwich 17/2 Wolves v Brighton I have really enjoyed watching Brighton play this season. Full credit to Wolves as well, they have done really well and haven’t really got a lot of credit for what they’re doing. I can see this one being a draw. Prediction 1-1. Betfair Exchange Odds: Wolves 9/5, Draw 9/4, Brighton 2/1 Leeds v Man City Leeds could do with getting a result to make life that little bit easier, but lets not forget that City are looking to hold on to first place and win the title. This is where you want something to happen, you want a result for the underdog, which would be a massive result for Leeds, but City are just too good. They have so much talent and they should get the job done here. Prediction 1-3. Betfair Exchange Odds: Leeds 10/1, Draw 5/1, Man City 1/3 Spurs v Leicester I want to see Spurs in the Champions League, I want to see Conte deliver a top four spot and on top of that I want them to build a winning mentality. At home they should beat Leicester who have a big game coming up next week in the Europa Conference. Prediction 2-0. Betfair Exchange Odds: Spurs 1/2, Draw 4/1, Leicester 13/2 Everton v Chelsea Oh my God, Everton are in real danger of getting relegated. It’s going to be tense and nerve wrecking, they should never be in this situation. I like Frank Lampard and I like the way he coaches, I would like to see them be safe. They will be ready for war in this game because they need the points and I predict a surprise. Prediction 1-0. Betfair Exchange Odds: Everton 9/2, Draw 3/1, Chelsea 8/11 West Ham v Arsenal This will be a good game. West Ham have a massive game in the Europa League next week, so I think they will be more focused on that, however I can see it being a draw. Prediction 1-1. Betfair Exchange Odds: West Ham 4/1, Draw 3/1, Arsenal 4/5 Man United v Brentford This is one of those games that Man United should be winning. You have to win these games. Chances for a top four spot are now very slim, but that doesn’t matter, they have to win this one at home. It’s a must win. Prediction 2-1. Betfair Exchange Odds: Man United 8/11, Draw 16/5, Brentford 4/1 MORE : Todd Boehly consortium to be named preferred bidder to buy Chelsea despite late bid from Jim Ratcliffe MORE : Manchester United’s chief transfer negotiator Matt Judge resigns from role at Old Trafford For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 